266 # 266

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 11th and 15th volumes

What is the best policy in a fight?

To win without fighting.

She skillfully broke my fighting spirit and took advantage of the gap and ran away.

Of course, she couldn't have induced this situation because she didn't know who I was.

What she did was to raise the remnants of her divine power in a simple sword to keep me in check and use the magic of space movement.

It's not the magic she can use, given that the magic of moving space is seven circles. She eventually escaped from me by some means.

From her point of view, I'm sure I'm a hard enemy to deal with right now.

But where does her divine power come from?

The Priya you gave me.

[Last touch to the poor child who wishes only a few days to be saved.]

Davey, is it okay if you don't follow me?

"By any means."

She put a look on my face that she didn't understand.

You'd better not look at her eyes as a pair of hot pants. I've seen you plant a tracking spell in your body before she disappeared. Where are you taking your foot off? You may be beaten because you don't know the future, but you're not just a human being who will be beaten with nothing.

Hot pants with ice. Where did you learn such mean words?

I learned from you. Just a while ago.

refuse to say a word

As she said, we could see in real time where Reina and her party had disappeared.

but

I released the magic of tracking that I had walked without regret.

Davey?

"There's no more?"

......you want to have a joke with her?

She pulled at my earlobes like a dumbass.

But I patted her on the head with my fingers, only a bitter smile.

"Just let me go."

What?

Let's just, let's do what we want.

She looked suspicious at my deep voice.

She looked incomprehensible to my change.

Why? To be honest, I thought you'd be on the rampage because she lost it in front of her.

"I wasn't going to let you go until I checked."

There is no need to check.

I don't know why she's here, but I know who she is.

In addition, we will see each other again soon."

She gave me a look of incomprehension.

Davy, what's wrong with you?

"Look at it for yourself."

Persec can read my memory. If that's a memory from a while ago.

It was quite shocking to me that she expressed her desire desperately at the end because she had an unforgettable constitution.

"Because I wasn't there."

Too much was different.

Oh, my God, this is... this is possible?

Ferserk, who quietly brought his forehead to my forehead and read the memory, looked very stiff.

The rest of them are just plain.

Suin men, young boy wizards and girls.

A female prosecutor with a potentially bright impression was also.

They are children who are just a little talented, common everywhere.

I just followed her because I envied her as a warrior.

But unlike them, she was heterogeneous.

He was a stranger, most familiar to me, but unfamiliar to me.

Then why did she see it when she grabbed me?

It was simple to think about.

Being able to send her here, that the goddess Priya has thrown something back.

"Persek. What can the abyss see?"

......who enters the law of this world... ..and cannot avoid it at all levels of diarrhea... ...but at other times...

So the only power of abyss doesn't work.

But isn't this strange? Is that possible?

"It can't be possible."

Time is, in a sense, the laws of physics that can be mixed and varied depending on gravity.

But one fact is missing.

That is, the flow of time is adjusted according to God's of God.

The future, the present, and the past cannot coexist.

But there is reality in front of us.

You can think of a number of reasons for that's

You'd better hear it yourself.

amid her intense desire

Not who I am now. Because I was the lord of Hines.

If you wait here, you will meet again on your own.

Left alone in a ruined underground space where not a single bug was heard, I could soon see a large number of people coming in after noticing the uproar of the situation.

It was a security guard in the capital of the Kingdom of Boltis.

There was this much binge drinking, but it's funny that the Kingdom of Voltiz doesn't know.

Standing silent, I soon stared silently at the crowds pushing into the basement.

"Don't move! You're surrounded!"

Dozens of soldiers held the spear with tense faces and pointed at me, followed by archers with arrows on their bow.

The existence of a nation to them is the culprit who came to their kingdom and started terrorism.

What happened here was none of their business.

"You punk! How dare you make a fuss about where we are! This is the country of the Supreme Prosecutors' Office! The capital of the Kingdom of Boltis! I don't know what caused this terrorist attack here, but it's over now that I'm here! I'll tell you to come... "

I opened my mouth, cutting off his words that he had been shouting proudly.

"Tell me what you belong to."

I am not in a position to blame them because I am not a member of the royal family of the Kingdom of Voltiz.

but

As long as there is the fact that those taken from the Hines estate were being sold here.

Click, click.

I opened my mouth again while looking at the man after I lightly unpacked the mask.

"I am the first prince of the Loun Kingdom, David Olloun. And you?

"What... what..."

"I just happened to have something to say to the Kingdom of Voltiz, and that's great. The King of the Kingdom of Voltiz is in critical condition. Is the Duke of Alois in the capital city?"

He faltered as if embarrassed by my question.

"Uh... Don't be ridiculous! I think I'm going to be fooled by such a lie...!"

Boom!!!

As soon as one hand is lightly stirred, a huge area of light spreads out everywhere.

If strangers see it.

It must have been like a saint's miracle.

"Se...oh, my God..."

"Si... God..."

The soldiers began to kneel as if they had seen the descent of God.

"You'll know if it's real or not. I don't know why I came here and made this mess, but I think you might have guessed Alois."

"......"

"Isn't that right? Houlson, alumni garrison commander."

It's just a name. It comes out if you turn it upside down with authority.

He was silent about what I said.

* * *

The Voltiz state, of course, has denied the incident.

But I didn't think to take advantage of this incident to attack me.

They had eyes and ears, so I didn't know how much I was doing with stage kisses.

In the end, the Duke of Allua tried to make a connection rather than pretend to be me, and from this incident, he said he would find out everything related to the black market.

That's all that matters, even on the surface.

I even said this, but the moment they were doing something else.

It'll be a justification.

"Welcome. Degradation."

I looked at General Bernil, who bowed his head and greeted him lightly.

"What about the first ones?"

"It's a little bit delayed because there are more people than you've mentioned. Fortunately, it was all washed up without any problem and then it was seen to the congressman. But..."

"I'm not in my right mind."

"Yes, sir, I don't have much physical problems, but I think most of them are insane.

The tone was strange, but it wasn't wrong.

"We've sent more people than we thought. I'm sorry if you didn't even think about it."

"No, God is simply moved by the warmth of his heart."

"What an awkward tickle?"

He shook his head with a soft face when he kicked his tongue short and denied it.

"No one will be able to save those who are so realistically and so quickly. You've done it."

"What if this causes a bigger problem?"

"As far as I know, you've already got it all ready."

To him who laughs, he will never be able to get his money back even if he fights.

"Guide me. I need to get out of control."

In my words, he bowed his head as if he had been waiting, and soon led me to lead the way.

The people I have rescued from the black market include those who have been auctioned off and those who have been imprisoned.

As the number was nearly 40, Yeongju-seong was quite bustling with the sudden increase in the number of people.

"......"

Yuri frowns at the sight of an elf woman sitting with a blank face.

"I'm sorry, I didn't manage..."

"It's not your fault. It's my fault for not managing the land."

It's a problem with two damn criminal gangs that set this up.

Aina Helishana is headed to the capital of the Loun Kingdom and who is behind this. It is also moving to locate the two criminal gangs.

As the number is significant, there will be no immediate result.

You will have to move as soon as the angle is written.

"But... my spirit couldn't solve this subdued ball. Elder Golda says it takes a while to break it because it's made of very strong material."

I nodded at Yuri's words.

"I made it for the Elf. Is it okay if the Elf can untie it?""

"What are you going to do if it says.

"You have to do this."

Kwachang!!!

Unknowingly snatching the subdued ball on the neck of an elf woman, I crushed all the defensive unfolding mana and crushed it.

"Oh, you're violent."

At the same time, a subdued ball made of solid metal broke down for a moment, and the eyes of an elf woman with a blank face began to come alive again.

"Ah...Ah."

"Are you out of your mind?"

As soon as I asked her a question, she looked up at me, sitting blankly.

"Davie... Prince? This is..."

"Yes, it's me. This is the Hines estate, and I rescued you and brought you here. Where does it hurt more?"

While asking questions, I fixed her eyelids with my fingers to check her pupils and open her mouth to check her oral condition.

Then, without hesitation, she rolled up the belly of her coat and put her index finger and middle finger on it.

"Oh, my God!"

"I'm seeing a doctor. Don't move."

My voice became quite low because of my habit of taking out toys during the treatment.

She shrank as if she were in fear at my words.

"Oh...yes."

On the contrary, the situation seemed to be subtly embarrassed.

The existence of reason is stuttering without hesitation.

This is for medical purposes. They seem to have a slightly different opinion.

With a red face, she looked embarrassedly bowed her head.

The sounds of other people's coughs were heard everywhere.

It's a drastic way of treating patients.

However, unlike others, at least one person gave a smirk at the situation.

It was Yuri Helishana.

"I respect your taste. The time and place are covered. He's not anyone else, he's your townspeaker."

"You saved me like this, didn't you?"

I don't know if the elf girl Mary's embarrassment fits her preference.

"I... I'm fine..."

"Exhaustion... ...a little bit of virus infection. Besides... what is this? You've been eating something."

Since there is no x-ray of the Earth, I am looking at it as Mana, and the unexpected drug remains in my stomach.

A drug that causes hallucinations.

What have you fed these bastards to their tender elves, who are still growing up?

I stroked Mary's head ahead of her in despondency.

Then he hugged her without a word, patted her back, pulled her up, and burned all the energy left in her body.

"I'm sorry. I should have protected you. I found it too late."

"...oh, no! You saved my life! I'm... I'm fine!

At Mary's bewildered cry, I fell from her without regret.

"That's enough."

"What?"

I thought it was a priority to encourage him because he was in big trouble. If that's the judgment, there's no problem.

Leaving the dumb-faced behind, I told Colonel Bernil.

"Bring the next ones, too. I'll check one by one."

What can we use for medicine? I'm going to use it here.

"Well, what are you afraid of doing with themselves?"

"If you're going back home, let me go. The payment is made on my side."

"What about those who don't want to go back?"

"Get him a job in the lord's castle."

If we do well, we could have a Suin tribe in this territory.

When I thought like that, I laughed in vain.

* * *

Boom boom!

With a loud roar, four or five people fell inside the quiet warehouse.

"Ahhhhook!

It was none other than Reyna and the gang who ran away from Davy.

"Sigh..."

After breathing hard, she fainted and didn't budge, so she looked around them up with a nervous face.

What if they come after me here? He escaped almost like a miracle. A human being who didn't even blink an eye with the light of his ability. You can't be incapacitated by the flash you've hinted at.

More than that. I think he was able not to miss himself at the end.

Why?

Once exposed to the flash, he let go of his hand as if to run away.

He could have killed them in the first place. Why didn't he kill him?

And why does he recognize his sword?

"Cough!"

She gave her body a great twitch from thinking complicated thoughts.

Red blood trickled down her face as she stumbled.

"...we don't have much time... ..and we need to gather the rest of them..."

the Prince of Catherine of the Lindis Empire.

And I found out when I came here.

the only variable

The lord of the Hines estate. The saint David Olloun.

I'm supposed to protect it's...

So that such a terrible future will never come again. You have to protect yourself.

Her small hand was firmly grasped.