264 # 264

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the 11th book

92. The main characters of the rumor and the invitation of the imperial family.

Apart from the auction house, this underground building is quite concealed. I also came in secretly in a situation where I could not check my surroundings using the same simple mobility device, so the location of this place would rarely be revealed.

No, there shouldn't be.

Boom! Boom!

The ear-splitting binge was already a clear proof that someone was running around here.

"Oh, my God... ..how can this place be discovered..."

I stood still at the murmur of a man with a bewildered outer-eyeglasses and opened my mouth quietly.

"What about the slaves?"

"Oh... I'm sorry. You've been acting ugly. I'll show you right away. Perhaps the intruder will be overpowered before long. It's that kind of place."

Even though they are illegal workers, they can't even make such a thing up for themselves.

Even in this situation, is the credibility of the market important?

The man in the outer glasses soon led me back with quick steps as if he had regained his composure.

He murmured nervously as he was moving fast using a hidden secret passage.

"It's a channel I don't usually tell you... ...but it's an emergency, so I can't help it. It's here."

It was not long before he led me to an old underground prison.

There were many kinds of races there, but the man with the outer glasses ignored others and immediately led me to a large room.

"What about the rest of us?"

"Oh, they're still under control. I was going to put it up for auction in two months, but... ..oh, here."

When he opened the iron bars after muttering briefly, women sat together with blank faces were seen inside him.

There were various kinds, from young girls to women beyond adulthood.

But there was only one thing in common.

It was that I won the bid at the auction house.

"I don't think he's been in for long."

"Hahahaha. This is a special case for this elf slave. If you keep it for a long time and get caught, it's not easy to handle it."

"What's going on?"

"Yes, actually... I think I should tell you. This elf slave was brought from the Hines estate. You know... ..there's a little dangerous man in the Land of Hines. It wasn't easy to get out what it actually meant until now."

I nodded quietly at his words.

"Yes, if you get caught, you won't let it go."

"Yes, and in addition, Prince David O'Laun, the lord of the Hines, was given the title of saint in the Holy Land..."

As he was speaking, he looked at me with a stiff face.

Only then did he notice something strange.

"How did you know that the Elf Slaves recently came in..."

"Take my questions first."

"......"

"Why did you touch me when you knew I was going to be so devastated?"

His eyes opened wide at the short question.

"At this point, you know who's capable of this kind of ignorant money-making for slaves."

"Huh... no way!"

Then he opened his eyes as if he had noticed it.

only

Poof!!!

Before he could act, his right leg exploded, spraying blood fountains as if it had exploded in a bomb.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

At the same time, the screams of some girls who saw terrible horrors rang out.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

I quietly took off my mask after trampling on a man with only one-sided glasses who couldn't overcome the terrible pain and fell down and screamed.

At the same time, I was unsure of his gaze.

"Uh... how can I possibly... ..."

"There's something you're mistaken about, so I'm going to let you know."

That's how people live.

So, no matter how good a person is, he or she can see his or her gaps.

No matter how brilliant a human being is, there is definitely something that is lost once and never found again.

The black market right here is the dark root of that line.

That's a perfect fit.

but

"As long as we've been brought here, we can't find anything in normal circumstances. The continent is big. No matter how hard I search, there's a limit."

Life in the past. It's not easy to find people who have been trafficked and gone missing even on such an advanced communications medium. This is no different.

"There are only two things that humans do when they are in this situation. First, accept the reality and make the barn stronger so that it doesn't happen again."

Second, they cannot accept the reality and continue to invest time and money to recover what they lost.

There is no answer either way. So I'm not going to choose either one.

"The reality is the reality, and you have to let the person who touches you experience the real world of life for you to be satisfied."

I, speaking calmly, took two thin arsenals out of the subspace.

Then he stuck it in the man's body.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Another scream in his terrible pain, but he couldn't say anything, just squealing if his voice wasn't coming out soon.

"I'll die in a terrible pain for about half an hour. I think the lives of the people you took are quite expensive."

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkk!"

I walked slowly, ignoring those desperately struggling with bloodshot eyes.

Most of them had blank faces, but I saw two girls who were the only ones in their right minds.

Of the three women kidnapped on the Hines estate, there were two human girls except the elf.

"You've had a lot of trouble."

"Hahaha..."

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

As the girls who checked my face slowly approached me with their eyes wide open, I hugged the two without a word and patted them on my back.

"You were scared, weren't you? Don't worry, I'm here to find you."

When I smiled quietly and comforted the two, the girls burst into tears and dig deeper into me.

"Ah! I was scared! I was scared!"

"Breathing!"

Although they've never really mixed words with each other, they're young girls.

But I didn't care about my personal relationship with them.

It was only important that their lord came directly to save them who had been taken here.

I have to say, "Let's go back now," to find some coolness.

Unlike others whose mind was overpowered, there must have been a lot of fear felt by the two girls who endured here with their bare minds.

Just until you calm down.

He had no choice but to remain silent by patting his back without a word.

Was it not too far from where the attack was taking place?

In the midst of the continuous roar, I calmed them down calmly.

"Huh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh

How much has it calmed down?

The blue-haired girl cried and pointed to the elf girl.

"Just... ...when these scary people here put on weird necklaces..."

"Self-suppression..."

I mumbled quietly, and I'm worried about what to do. I patted them on the head slowly.

"Let's go back to the land first. I'll take care of everything after that."

"I'm...really?"

"Yeah, I told you I'd protect you."

When she smiled at her child like a grown-up and soothing child, the two girls smiled lightly to see if they were relieved.

"Well... let's go."

I don't care if the raiders are a warrior or a bugger, whether they are a gang of warriors or not.

All I have to do is take everyone who was held here.

Originally, I tried to erase all the humans here in the black market.

Looking at the way it was going now, it seemed that there were still people who could take care of it instead of just letting it go.

The most important thing in the current situation is the safety of women who have been held as slaves rather than their disposal.

Boom!!!

It was not long before I took two children out of my arms and reached into the air.

[8 Circle]

[Warp]

When the warp, the ultra-high-level mobile magic with the least rear wind, was activated, a clear film was created as a blue crack broke out in the air that had nothing.

"Come on. Can we get in?"

My words scared the girls.

"Don't worry. I'll be home as soon as I get past that street."

When they patted their heads and calmed them down again, the girls nodded quietly and stood up.

"I'll let you go the rest. You guys go ahead."

"Yes!"

When I said, surrounding the blanket I took out of the subspace, the two girls soon responded vigorously with a determined face and threw themselves over the crack.

"Well... ..then I'll send the rest one by one."

They are all under the spell of self-suppression.

You can't listen to me unless you're imprinted on it's...

"Let's put some pressure on this side."

[6 Circle Black Magic.]

[Voice of Specter]

The commander's mana moved actively from my whole body and slowly began to make black fog and soon permeated everyone here.

ﬁﬁ... ﬁﬁ...

At the same time, I pulled out Hong Dan and even opened all the bars of the people who were still trapped.

I'll save you all. But who can save and leave?

Slowly, wearing a mask again, I gave orders to those who looked blank beyond the neatly cut iron bars.

"In a row, we're quickly crossing the gate from now on. Move it."

There was no answer.

However, as if they were possessed by ghosts, everyone in prison slowly moved and began to approach the crack.

Didn't you try to expose your identity and burn it down?

"There's nothing good about it right now. Let's leave the agro over there and solve the people who were caught first."

Persec had a soft smile on my horse, as if he was feeling better.

It was then.

Stop right there!"

Whaaaaah!

With a sudden binge, the ceiling not far away collapsed and someone stopped me.

As soon as the woman in the armor who jumped first pointed her sword at me.

In the air, where there was nothing, a male male dressed as a Sacraman attacked me without hesitation to subdue me.

A sharp dagger grasps my neck.

Judging from the lack of life, it seemed that he was trying to subdue them without moving, rather than killing them.

"Where are you taking all these women? Stop it now!"

At the same time as the woman with a sword shouted, the male, who wrapped a dagger around my neck, murmured coldly.

"Don't play tricks on me. If you move, you will not guarantee your life."

"Bendique! No reckless killing!"

Isn`t it time to open your eyes to reality? Does this look like a kid's prank, Lona?"

A woman with a sword at Su-in's cold beating frowned as if embarrassed.

"Ha......but!"

"You stay out. I'm the most expert at our party in how to treat this guy."

He spoke quietly so that I could hear him.

"If you move a finger, I will kill you. Don't move."

I slightly frowned at the man's words.

"May I ask what this is about?"

Just as a man was about to say something to my relaxed question.

A woman with a sword called Lina, who seemed impatient, screamed.

"They've all been kidnapped by force! Where the hell are you taking them?!"

"Should I tell you that?"

The woman clenched her teeth to my question.

"Your son! He must be the one who bought all these people who had been enslaved at the auction house!" You were a black wizard when I saw a terrible commanding man spread all over your body!"

I sighed briefly at his cry.

Then he slowly lifted the body's flag to break the male's arm.

You're the one who thinks you've overpowered me. The women who kept me in check seemed to think they were thoroughly superior.

Sadly, I got it wrong.

"You must be the ones who attacked this place. To be honest, there is no harm like this."

"What?"

"You don't know how many guys I've lost because of you."

Boom!

"Huh?"

Su-in man's face hardened quickly as he snatched his arm and held it strongly.

"It's good to do good, but you should have known that sometimes it can be a nuisance."

"Rona! Avoid it!"

at the same time as the urgent cry of a male male.

From the tip of my foot which I lightly stamped, the air of the black man quickly shot into the woman.

I don't mean to kill. You're too lazy to sleep.

Of course, it didn't seem like the black air currents I sent were simply subdued.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

As soon as the woman, who threw herself away from the air by screaming and throwing herself away, rolled her body and stood up, I hit the abdomen of the male Su-in, who was grabbing her arm, with my elbow.

"Huh?"

I said quietly, kicking him off with a rider.

"Don't be so nosy and just back off when you say good things. You guys are making a mistake."

"That's ridiculous! You don't think I know where to use these poor people?! You evil sorcerer!"

Her cries began to stir up annoyance.

I flicked the Hongdan in my hand lightly.

Even if you don't kill him. If it's enough to scare you'really.

Although the distance between her and me is considerable. That much can be covered at once.

As I took a step to subdue her, I approached the space as if I were folding my eyes, the woman opened her eyes.

It seemed as if it had not been decided that it would be this fast.

It looks like a mercenary group, but why is it so easy to break the front?

After holding the commander's mana in his left fist, he used his right hand's Hong Dan to cut off the woman's sword for a moment.

"Oh, my God!

I was about to hit her in the abdomen, her posture was broken with a broken posture.

Swoosh... Swoosh!!!

The flames, a mixture of white and black from the sky, poured exactly at me.

"Raina!"

At the same time, I could hear a woman named Roy Na-ra, who collapsed in embarrassment, shouting in a relieved voice.

In that short moment, someone came in and defended my attack.

Such a talented person is rare than I don't think so.

I slowly looked up with that thought, and slightly frowned at the man who attacked me.

Another disturbing person who fell from the sky was a woman.

But on my face, I was wearing an iron mask that was made hard to untie, and I was blocking my way with a firm posture.

The woman with white gray hair was full of mature feelings.

Why?

I'm sure it varies from color to size. It contained a familiar atmosphere.

Does that make sense?

The first to express surprise was Persec.

She couldn't hide her doubt that she had the same thought as me.

Illina de Palan.

The feeling was so similar that I wondered if she looked like that when she got older.

But instinctively I denied the hypothesis.

Illina, as I know her, was not a person who could wield such a mixture of black and white flames.

One of the most important things was different from her in the first place.

"Stop it. I don't think you can deal with him."

The air became cold as if cold water had poured around with a cold, low voice.

See, it's not even close.

There was no reason for her to be here when she first entered the secret training center of the Palan Empire for a closed-door training.