262 # 262

The Manreb hero is coming back!

11 volumes and 11 episodes

91. Illegal auction house.

In fact, it is not easy to meet the top members of a large-scale information guild even if they are aristocrats.

Nevertheless, they have been quick to respond to the idea of making contact with me as a benefit.

Even the king of a small country can't be so easy.

I thought you were lying? It's an imitation.

"There's no way out of the world for real.'

In the first place, the legacy of the Kingdom of Latcia is a huge asset because it is the only remaining rock gem.

It was safe to say that there was no one who could distinguish it from the original.

The only thing I can tell you about the gem's authenticity is its age, but if you use jewelry from a similar period, or older than that, they can't figure it out either.

There was nothing to be ashamed of because it would not actually go out of the world.

There was an old saying.

If you don't get caught.

If no one's watching, assassination...

'That's it.'

Ironically, it is funny that the person who taught me that fact is Hermesia.

"Lune's question, why all three information guilds were mobilized, is not understandable by Lünne's calculations. Ask for clarification."

I didn't hear all my conversation, but Lünne just seemed curious about it.

In fact, Lenin is the fastest absorbing of common sense in reality the fastest.

"Why did you choose all three? It's simple, Lünne."

In my answer, Lünne tilted her head with a blank face.

"People in the background care a lot about the rumors."

Young-ju is determined to do just one thing for Young-min.

If this fact spreads only one thing, you can take a few things.

"That's a simple calculation?"

"No, if you promised to protect me, I'd protect you."

At least while I'm alive.

As the biggest information guild, echoing the need for information faster than the other two information guilds was actually quite surprising.

"The information guild that Eina used to belong to is more than I expected."

He is currently under my wing, but he was originally a member of Aina Helishana and the Merri.

That means that echoes are not ordinary guild members.

"The Kingdom of Voltiz? But the kingdom of arrogance, trying to find the honor of the sword, has gone as far as it can go."

If it's the Kingdom of Voltiz...

It is definitely a memorable country.

It is a neighboring country located not far from the Kingdom of Loun, and has been engaged in a war of nerves with the Kingdom of Loun for a long time.

Although it was often called the country of knights by worshiping the sword, I remember that they were now only small countries that had no power to check the growth of the Loun Kingdom.

Why?

Because of Valtian de Voltiz, the seven prince who went mad and signed with the vampire.

at a place where the main figures and royal families of many countries are gathered.

He turned into a monster and almost killed countless people. The compensation offered by the Kingdom of Voltiz to each country is not much.

Perhaps the present kingdom of Voltiz is quite in debt.

It was a country that once kept each other in check.

But the Kingdom of Lounn has risen sharply since the siege of Felicity.

The Kingdom of Voltiz saw a noticeable fall in stock prices.

Because of the same prince.

They certainly didn't understand this situation.

It's an illegal slave auction.

However, since it is true that such an illegal slave auction would be a considerable amount of money, the kingdom of Bolton, which is suffering from financial difficulties, would have had to secretly accept illegalities and finance them.

Davey, if you could just raise a little money and mollify their royals and nobles, you could save them without any problems.

"Maybe."

They won't be able to reject your offer.

As she said, you can stick to a good way of talking rather than using violent methods.

"Well, let's give it a try."

Let's talk about it first.

If it doesn't work, I'll have to go there myself.

I have written two letters at the same time, one to be sent straight to the Kingdom of Boltis and the other to report this to the Lounge.

* * *

The Kingdom of Voltiz suffers from financial difficulties.

There's no way to know how much money illegal slave auction is funneling to their royal family.

At least one thing was for sure.

[We don't know] If such an illegal auction was really taking place, we would have caught it with our own hands, but if you want to spread false rumors and undermine the prestige of the kingdom, stop it right now.]

The choice of the Kingdom of Voltiz was, of course, negative.

They won't know about me.

It's a neighboring country where you can hear the most rumors up close.

However, aside from such a problem, the moment you acknowledge the illegal slave auction, you cannot avoid considerable political criticism.

The Kingdom of Voltiz is already in debt due to compensation.

In the past, even commoners were said to have been good at living in Seonggun, but now the Kingdom of Voltiz is raising taxes to settle debts and collecting large amounts of money from commoners in the aftermath.

Of course, it is inevitable that public sentiment will be devastated due to high resentment.

What if you get international condemnation and compensation for it?

That's not going to work.

Then, why don't we come forward and solve it as if we already knew it from the beginning?

Certainly, the Kingdom of Boltis is not a big problem as it enters the victim's shoes.

However, they couldn't give up easily because they were fascinated by their pride and the constant attraction of black money.

I slowly got up from my seat in reply that I could not give any help.

"If they don't move."

I'll just go and pick it up here.

Nothing is more certain than a spot arrest.

* * *

It was virtually not difficult to enter the Kingdom of Voltiz.

However, since the Kingdom of Voltiz supports the back of the organization, there is a fear that the auction itself will collapse if I come here.

"How's it going?"

It's too small.

I didn't seem to like the appearance of me with a small and inconspicuous appearance, like Persec, who likes to be well-built.

"Do you want me to switch you to muscular?"

Arthur, I don't think you should be seen in the first place. And she doesn't really like random muscles anymore.

"Then I'd like some."

......if it's your original appearance......hot!

Surprised, Persec opened his eyes round and disappeared, and I coughed briefly.

Then he walked again with a look of embarrassment.

The Kingdom of Voltiz was in a pretty depressed mood.

In the midst of all this, the once-in-a-lifetime carriage of aristocrats is a luxury...

It seems that it was not the aristocracy or royalty but the commoner of the Kingdom of Voltiz that suffered from the count of the seventh prince, Balticen de Voltiz.

Of course, their misdeeds and tyranny were not interested in me.

I feel sorry for the people of the Kingdom of Voltiz, but they're not the ones I'll save.

What I'm going to get is.

Three Hines Young Ji-min have been arrested in a cancer auction in a country where the situation is bleak.

Fortunately, one of the slaves was an elf.

Since he was a valuable slave right now, it seemed that the rear organizers did not dispose of the three people recklessly.

Originally, it should be scattered and leave no trace, but if you were lucky, you could say it was a good case.

The Kingdom of Voltiz mainly operates many speculative sites.

As such, secret auction was mainly held in secret.

"Hmm? What is it, kiddo? This is not a place where you can get into a milk fishy milk smell."

Of course not everyone can enter the secret auction house.

Perhaps it will lead to sending invitations secretly to those with large amounts of funds.

This auction.

It is a sight that I have often seen while watching movies in my previous life.

Two rugged men guarding the entrance blocked me from entering the basement.

"Huh? What is it, kiddo? This is not the place for a kid like you to come. Go back."

Having come alone with Persec, it seemed to them that a small little boy had come alone.

I would have freaked out if I had been showing myself the way I was.

In their eyes, I'm just a weak, ordinary-looking boy.

"Why can't you go in? I heard there's going to be a speculative market."

The speculative market was unexpectedly one of the secret attractions of the Kingdom of Voltiz.

In the past, ordinary people would have participated in such speculation sites by betting money.

"We don't have a speculative market today. If you want to see something like that, go to the north street, not here."

"You're not doing it here?"

"Oh, I'm not doing it!"

I nodded quietly at his annoying shout.

Then he slowly opened his closed eyes and made eye contact with the two men.

"You have never seen me now."

Uh-huh.

At the same time as I said, the two men who frowned at me tried to say something.

but

Soon afterwards, their eyes were drawn and soon turned blank.

"Okay...yes."

This kind of reaction is not surprising to the average person who has no resistance.

Having hypnotized the gatekeepers, I wore a mask I had prepared in advance, covered myself with a cape and passed them by.

Then he slowly went underground.

It's awfully quiet for a speculator.

I understand if you're doing nothing, but sadly you didn't know that there was a large number of people moving in this basement.

In fact, as soon as I came down to the basement, I saw quite a few people sitting in the audience.

Most of them were covering their bodies with masks or capes like me to hide their identity.

Sitting at the back of the seats, I looked around without a wordless.

The auction was already under way.

And it was surprising that most of the auction items were not rare gems but slaves who had been taken illegally.

In countries where it is legal to buy and sell slaves, there are mainly officially approved slave traders.

Many of the slaves they sell were mainly enslaved by writing their own memoranda, mostly those who became slaves or failed to repay their debts to make money.

Most people who have been punished and enslaved work in labor sites under the jurisdiction of the state, so it is rare for them to come to the market.

A slave sold could hurt a person.

Most of those who have become slaves live by serving the living as their master.

At least they have human rights.

The owner writes a memorandum of responsibility for the entire life of the slave and acts as a slave on a humanitarian basis.

"But this place is different without such restrictions.'

Illegal, sexual slavery and other experiments, the filthy, ugly all slaves they are allowed.

Those who are captured and enslaved, even though they don't want to, cannot follow those who are natural masters.

They are very careful.

Of course, most of them are shackled so that they cannot resist and sold them secretly.

And now, one such illegal slaves were being sold at the speculative market here.

"This product is a Tōin girl from the southern plains. It's a very rare species among the Sioux. Your legs are strong, so you can be called an errand boy. Of course, you don't have to worry about running away. I've already finished my education and I've put restrictions on it."

The low murmur of the masked host opened the cloth beyond the podium in front of him and a small girl in sky-blue clothes appeared.

The girl was wearing almost ragged clothes with no proper clothes, and there was no gun in her eyes whether she was drunk or not.

How can this be?

"Human beings cannot live without enemies. What's the big deal?'

I sat cross-legged and watched them without a word.

"The natives are a very colorful and obscene race. Pretty goods without defect as sexual slavery. Especially this girl is a virgin."

in the act of treating people as goods

"I don't care if it's not. It is also good for experiments due to its low magic resistance."

The same human being is used for experimental purposes in the head.

"Otherwise, this sturdy leg meat is quite popular with gourmets. Ah! As I told you, 300 gold coins came out! 300 gold coins, do you have any more? 400 gold coins. There you go. Is there anything else?"

Even a psychopath who deviates from humans and eats Ahin Jong.

I can't avoid the feeling that I'm disgusted as Percerk said.

Let's just flip it over. You can't?

I squinted at her urging.

Was it this unpleasant? I looked down suspiciously at her uncharacteristically crying and dragging my arm.

I'm sorry... ..but I'm seeing this, and I'm not...

What happened to this in her past?

I nodded quietly at her displeased view of the auction house.

Are you angry?

Davey... ..asking for her...

'You don't have to tell me. You want me to save you?'

......Yes, she hates the slave auction......and it reminds me of a terrible memory.

It turns out that Persec is the foster daughter of the sword Hares.

And the reason she met with the sword Hares...

I'm sure...

At first, I didn't care about anything but Hines Young Jimin.

Persec wants it.

In that case, I have to spend some money.

Either way, I got a small amount of money from eating the vampire's base.

Sitting with my legs crossed, I lifted the sign next to me.

There is no one to blame for one person buying all the goods at the auction house.

People with a lot of money come first here.

Organizers also move for the rich.

If I don't make a fuss right now, they'll loosen their guard as if they're in my auction without knowing anything.

"Your wife... ...we have a thousand! Are there any more?!"

The currency value of the previous life was about 100 million.

I'm not as soft and ignorant as my teacher.

Those who have made dozens of ways to run away spread the rest in all directions as soon as I make a disturbance.

Of course, it's not easy for me to find them all.

but

If I buy everything.

There is only one thing left for them to run away with.

The money you got from me.

If I were to save everyone, I would not save only one like my teacher.