268 # 268

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the 11th book

The items used by the emperor are bound to be luxurious even if he does not want them to.

His conduct. His appearance, everything he uses, is directly related to the face of the Empire.

If you are wearing shabby clothes in a shabby palace as a frugal king, what would you say when you see this in a foreign country?

What a frugal king!

I'm going to learn from you!]

Is this going to happen?

That's impossible

The money of the Lindis Empire was this much.

[What's that supposed to mean?]

In a sense, the social trend is terrible brainwashing and psychological warfare, so common sense is often not working.

Nothing has changed from ancient times to modern times, as from the Earth in its former life.

"That's a good 'horse.'"

"It's made from the head horns of some elephants from the Western Hemisphere. It's unusual and the size of the horn is small, so we need dozens of elephants to make a set of these horses."

"It's a luxury."

"That's right."

He chuckled at my calm words.

In fact, he seemed to want someone who was not afraid of his position and could talk to himself as a human-to-human.

"And so do the princes. Except for the Albus guy, most people find it hard for me."

"Your majesty is well known in the Lindis Empire."

"Come on... you stupid bastards."

"What would you do first and second?"

"The original master gives up the first shot."

In my answer, Emperor Deort opened his mouth at the same time.

"Jim takes the rear."

"I'll give you a go-ahead."

As the short silence came and went, the servant, who was watching from afar, avoided his eyes and coughed in vainly.

It was an absurd view that some human beings in the world came out so fearlessly against the emperor of the empire.

"......"

"Okay, if you're confident, take the first shot. But if Jim wins, you'll have to be punished."

"What do you want?"

"If you lose, marry the lindis empress. It's a formal national marriage."

"Why do you think I'm such a prince of small country?"

He snorted at my question.

"That's what you know better."

"I know better..."

"Your steps Jim has seen are as if you are making something big step by step. Am I wrong?"

"Well, that's good."

He looked a little surprised when he answered calmly.

"You have great confidence."

At his words, I grabbed the mounted soldier without hesitation among the many Old horses in front of me.

"Do you think I'm going to lose?"

"Hahaha...hahaha!!!"

It was a bonus for his fierce smile to be young.

"Good! I'll keep an eye on Jim! And I'll show you. How difficult it is to dare to fight against the emperor of the empire."

"I'm going."

Thump!!

I could tell from my eyes that I spoke out without hesitation.

* * *

"I had a big accident in the Kingdom of Boltis."

Thump!

His words move forward in a flash.

Thump!!

However, it doesn't last long, so it's blocked by the formation I've set up.

"Young Ji-min sacrifices me and protects me. On the contrary, I will protect Young Jimin in my own way."

He looked at me in silence at my words.

"This is the usual answer."

"Do you mean your thoughts are different?"

"I'm just greedy. I just can't see anyone touch my person."

He burst out laughing at my words.

"I didn't have to hide that fact. The common people don't know, but people like Jim have already heard all about it."

What kind of crazy man is trying to turn a country upside down to save only three of his many territories?

"It was peaceful."

To be exact, he didn't touch the kingdom itself.

All I broke was the black market.

After the incident, I induced the rumor to spread only to the people I knew, and then hired echoes again to completely exterminate them.

It is not difficult for them to eradicate black market-related crime organizations without any direct involvement.

"I think you have something you want to ask me directly."

The overall flow of the board leads to his onslaught.

On the other hand, my Jin-hyung, who answered confidently for the first time, was blocking his attacks one by one.

"You took the citadel. If you lose the protection of the wall, the next thing you have left is the new recruits and cavalry who have lost their power to be protected."

In short, he struck out a word from my new building this time and asked.

"How old was the prince this year?"

"I'm seventeen."

He is still a blue young boy on earth.

However, it was also the age of adults who entered society.

"Well, you seem to have a lot of experience in the world for that. Usually, no matter how brilliant they are, they have limitations in their thinking."

As he said.

The reason why King Criannes of the Loun Kingdom gave Baris the crown prince's throne and did not teach state affairs, and why Salivan tried to hide and protect her even though she was the head of a huge army called the White Bird.

Other than that, many things.

There is a reason why the world's experience is absolutely lacking because it cannot be said to be old yet.

"Hoo-hoo, yes. Apart from that, Old is not as good as I thought."

"My turn is over."

Before I knew it, my form was reduced to a lesser extent.

On the contrary, Emperor Deord's form had enormous power.

Still, like the emperor of a country, it is clear that the speed at which the brain works is not normal.

"Let me ask you a question."

After a short silence, he opened his mouth.

"Speak."

Do you know about the existence of a warrior?"

I remained silent to his question.

"Well."

"There is a man who has recently traveled between the East and the Central Continent with a sacred sword recognized by the Holy Father to stop evil."

"Isn't that a problem to call a hero by itself?"

"He's a recognized warrior from the Holy Father. Besides, the level of the warrior is different from the usual mercenaries."

a sodmaster of considerable ability That's more than just experience.

Rumors that a person who doesn't even know a simple origin is more than a sodmaster, that he doesn't care about his body and is blocking evil deeds, help the rumor that he is a natural warrior.

"Jim secretly supported the rumor from behind so that it could go. Why do you think?"

Whatever his intentions were, one thing was clear.

He was trying to figure me out now.

"No matter where security is good, crime must happen. It can't be helped as long as people live. However, it would be different if there was a wavelength."

There is someone who kills evil.

A person who rises in the east, transcends complex identities, money problems, and simply punishes evil deeds.

On the contrary,

Such things pose a great risk to the monarchy.

Citizens' consciousness will follow the warrior, not the emperor.

"The fact that you made such a decision in this place where the monarchy is deeply rooted."

A warrior's imperial or equivalent strong relationship, and...

It's like... a symbol."

with an overwhelming cause One way to boost the huge approval rating.

Only if the woman I know is a hero.

He's barking up the wrong tree now.

The symbol is.

'When you're alive, it works.'

......

"Ha... ha ha ha ha ha ha!! Hahahahahahahaha!"

He grinned at my answer what he liked so much.

Then he looked at me with a serious face.

"There's a disturbing movement. In fact, Jim accepted the warrior because he resolved the disturbing movement in the capital of this empire."

"......"

What would you do if it were you?"

I returned his usual answers to his questions.

"I won't mind if I don't reach my level. A person who has a lot to protect should not make enemies that much."

"You, Jim knows, must have more power to ignore that."

"Do you know who dies first in a war?"

He was silent about what I said.

at the same time

His monarchical horse, which had been placed ahead, was besieged for a moment.

It's completely different from the previous one.

It was powerful enough to turn the tables upside down.

"They're the ones who go out front. Brave is short-lived, my victory. Your Majesty, you were a brave monarch, but you couldn't hide it."

If you want to come forward, you have to take the worst possible step and come out when you've solved it all.

It's a way of being overly timid.

It's the safest.

And how fast you make that number is.

It will be a difference of outstanding resource.

He opened his eyes wide in silence at the biting vitriol.

"You got me..."

* * *

Emperor Deord Ali Lindis admitted his defeat without hesitation.

No matter how hard I think about it, it's a trap that I drove in a ridiculous way.

In common sense, however, it is difficult for humans to grasp the situation ahead of dozens of steps in a flash and make a game.

He realized that he had been completely misled from the beginning and finally admitted defeat.

Of course, if you bet, you should have something to come and go.

At least as Emperor Deort, who laid the premise of marrying the imperial woman when she was defeated, would not be the most thorny thing in the Lindis Empire anymore.

The existence of Aria is the most difficult being in the world right now.

She is so pure and kind that she is so good that she seems to be going to put the yardstick in my world and turn it black.

by the way

"De... ..Prince Davy."

I send a look at the girl who approaches with her red face and greets her, asking for an explanation.

It doesn't matter if it's her usual self.

The problem is the courtesy on her head.

It was none other than a coffin used in the head when officially announcing an engagement.

And

"Take it, Prince."

A man who appears to be the chief of the royal court then gives me a gold brooch.

So

In the Lindis Empire, the engagement of imperial official announcement is a brooch for men.

Then, they put T-ara on the woman.

"Your Majesty?"

"Yes, I admit Jim's defeat. I will grant you an engagement with Arya."

This guy?

When I looked at Emperor Derart with a slight frown, the opponent's attack came.

"Don't forget that I've offered you and Aria an engagement..."

It's none other than the Kingdom of Loun, and you're still the Prince of Loun.

A prince who gave up his right to inherit it himself.

What does that mean?

I'm sure you know that.

He used King Krianes' suggestion to marry the Imperial Lady of the Empire in the name of empowering me in the past to hit me in the back of the head.

"I tried to refuse Jim. I can't believe we're already engaged to have Arya, who wouldn't hurt to be seen."

But now that you've won the bet, there's no other than that.

"It's a sophistry. If I lose, I'll marry the Imperial Lady of the Empire..."

As I was talking, I flinched at the sight of a little blue-green-haired girl who was beginning to cry.

"Yes, I didn't ask you to marry me."

I told you to get engaged.

If I win, I'm engaged, if I lose, I'm married.

He said that he had no intention of giving him a retreat in the first place.

And he was well aware that I should not ignore it to maintain the cause of my future actions.

His puny words made me feel distant.