265 # 265

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the 11th book

A quiet confrontation ensues.

Unlike the two people who stopped me earlier, the woman who appeared at the end and stopped me was definitely a strong woman.

Even considering the simple circumstances, the flame orblade mixed with black and white from her sword proves it.

Orblade is the symbol of the master.

I heard you were definitely a warrior group.

A warrior was not a funny name in this era.

only

The sword that exuded that divine power was certainly unusual.

Davey.

'Hmm?'

The power of abyss doesn't work.

Persec, who used the power of abyss before me, spoke to me with an astounded face.

Therefore, let me use my power reflexively.

It's... it's... it's... it's still.

[......]

The translucent window revealed in front of me was filled with only dots, but there was only a strange scene where nothing was printed.

"Persek. Is there anyone who doesn't have the power of abyss?'

Not as far as she knows. It doesn't work unless you're outside the fundamental laws of this world. The Priya you gave me is also a great will in this world.

So

God is avoiding the inevitable power of man... ..well, that's what I meant.

Ha, that's not funny.

Judging from what she said was a group of warriors and her location, she seems to be the leader of a group of warriors.

That means she's a warrior.

Does the presence of a warrior have this special power?

Are you crazy?

How can the world be so easy?

This was a different matter from her being a warrior. Nor was power causing errors.

There are other reasons why power does not work for her.

"Now that we're here, it won't go your way!"

They were under a strong misunderstanding.

"Can you tell me what it's like to do what I want?"

"What... what?! Are you playing with me?! I'm sure you're the one who bought all the slaves from the auction house!"

He must have seen the auction.

"A situation where black sorcerers need a large number of people is usually necessary as a sacrifice?!"

It's not entirely wrong, but it's wrong.

"That's why preconceptions are scary."

Her cries were rambling.

But soon after, a woman named Raina, who stopped her, said quietly.

"Although she doesn't seem a little over-reasonable. If you're a black wizard, you can't let it go. Now the Black Wizard is extremely dangerous on this continent."

"Who decides that?"

"Are you trying to say that a man who was enjoying a cool auction in this illegal auction house at first is a good man?"

This made my position clear.

They saw me wearing a mask and participating in the auction.

They seemed to judge that I was illegally buying slaves and trying to use them for bad things.

There's a misunderstanding here.

In fact, they were annoying for me, who was full of thoughts to treat those who were immediately overpowered.

Nevertheless, it was hard to believe that he would make fun of me for explaining it.

"You must be under some kind of illusion."

Speaking calmly, I flicked my finger.

[4 Circle Black Magic]

[Clocking Chain]

Slurping!!!

At the same time, black chains popped out of the black cracks on the floor and attracted all the people who were spread out here.

The destination was none other than beyond the gate.

At the gate leading up to the lordship of the Hines estate, as I had already told you, General Bernil would be waiting.

He's gone more than he was supposed to, but if he's quick-witted, he'll probably figure things out and clean things up.

"No!!"

With the cry of Royna, a female prosecutor in charge of potential embarrassment, the face of Su-in man, who was sitting on a wall, was also seen as a failure.

On the contrary, despite this happening, a woman named Reyna, who appears to be the leader of a party, said nothing.

All right, so we've got everyone caught here.

The rest is now time to find out about the woman who is provoking my doubts.

"You look very familiar..."

At my murmur, Reina lifted the sword in silence.

At the same time, flames mixed with black and white erupted at the end of the sword.

"Not even funny."

"They're pretty similar, but they're of different ages. Looks and kendo."

Despite what I said, she came at me with a slight twist on her grip.

"Who am I, it doesn't matter. Why don't you make your own decisions?"

At the same time as she said, a huge black-and-white flame overtook me, turning the whole place upside down.

I don't know if you're relieved that the slaves you have to protect have disappeared beyond the gate.

I don't know if he was angry that he took advantage of his carelessness and took away all the people who were taken here, but one thing was for sure.

That she recognized me as an enemy.

It's just a common example of a mercenary group outside, but the level of a leader is a master.

The sodmaster is whose dog it is.

Swordmaster is what makes people wary of neighboring countries just by having it in a country.

Of course, even if the number of sodmasters spread on the continent is not that large, there is no one who travels around in such a mercenary manner.

So I became more curious.

"Ha! I don't know how good you are, but you're done once Reina's here!"

"Be quiet! Lona!"

"What! Did I say something wrong?" Reina's a warrior! chosen by the Holy Grail!"

At her words, I struck out Baek Eun-eun's giant sword, which penetrated without hesitation, with Hong Dan-yi.

Crying!!!

What?

Hoh... ..there's something you can't cut with the Hongdan Road?!

If it belongs to the non-physical law, even Hong Dan can't be much.

However, if I am right, the result will be the same even if I cut it with this black blue.

To the best of my knowledge, there is only one black world in which Hong Dan cannot cut.

That's why I became more and more questioned.

There can't be two of them in the world.

As they decided that they could run wild without paying attention to their surroundings anymore.

I also saved all the people I needed to save, so there was no reason to look around.

"Huh?!"

As if embarrassed by Baek Eun-eun's strong sword that collided with Hong Dan-yi, Raina, whose posture collapsed for a moment, tried to escape from me in a hurry.

I grabbed her by the collar and kept her from running away, then lifted my left foot and rolled hard on the ground.

Boom!!!

At the same time, the odorless, colorless shock wave reversed the area.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

And after a very short period of time, a huge crater spread horribly on the ground I struck with a tremendous gale.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

When the huge shock wave caused a dirty dust wind and soon the smoke slowly cleared up.

The two people who kept me in check were stuck far away from me and couldn't get up easily.

Later, I pressed down with my hand on the center of Layna's collarbone, which was collapsing and coughing painfully on the floor, and asked.

"There's only one black thing in the world that doesn't cut with red hair."

She raised her head at my murmur and headed toward me.

The black-and-white flame she used in the first place is not a trick.

The flame she used to attack me was a sacred fire.

It was the flame of God itself.

Why is the black air in the flames of God...

'It's twisted.'

a twisted Holy Spirit

a distorted belief

The sword she wields and the black and white flames she uses.

It was also evidence that she, who was judged to be a warrior, was quite twisted.

"We can see for ourselves who."

"Oh... no!"

It is true that she is strong as a master. On the contrary, it is only that level.

Whoever she is, we'll see the answer.

It was just as she was trying to forcibly remove her mask.

Shush, shush, shush! Whoo-hoo!

The blade wind from far away penetrated me exquisitely.

Of course, the power itself was not intimidating, so it was blocked like a one-handed strike.

"Hey, that's ridiculous! You hit the windcutter with your bare hands?!"

A boy and a girl wearing a robe were seen following with a scream.

The boy seemed alarmed at the fact that his magic had bounced off, and the girl in the white suit burst into white light as if she were showing her position like her clothes.

"Frias, the Lord of mercy! Punish the one in front of you!! Smite!"

With an urgent cry, dozens of white columns of light shot up as if they were covering my body.

They judge me as a black wizard.

And for the Black Wizard, the priest's divine attack magic is quite strong.

However, did you see a fish die from drowning?

I'm a saint, you stupid bastards.

It's clear that if the curse is completely immune, it's lower than that, but the divine magic doesn't affect me much either.

"Raina!"

In an instant, a male man dug in to get Raina out of my hold.

I would have thought that the moment I was swept away by the pillar of light was a golden opportunity to save my colleague.

The act of attacking me in an instant, creating a gap and rescuing my colleagues itself was relentless and good.

Of course, I wasn't the one to just watch with my eyes open in the pillar of light.

[King Yurg-style crowd controller.]

[Breaking the boobs.]

My arm, which stretched through the pillar of light that was shot with considerable force, stopped in front of the head of a male.

At the same time, the rolled-up middle finger bounced quickly and hit his forehead.

It looks like a simple flick?

He who's been beaten won't be able to say that.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The body seems to be strong enough to scream.

The faces of the men turned blue as Bentik, a male who circled around several times, was stuck in the wall.

Even the sodmaster seemed to be shocked that he could not hit anything despite several deadly attacks.

Once again I looked at the girl who had just made a pillar of light at me.

"This is how you use the divine magic. Little boy."

[7th rank]

[Sinseong-of-the-box]

Two boom!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

With a scream, a huge pillar of light hits a girl in a white robe.

"Essilt! Damn it! How can the Black Wizard do the Holy Magic?!"

They did not know that it was the 7th rank, the highest level of divinity.

"Don't be fooled! It'll be a simple trick! How can a black sorcerer use divine magic!"

The boy wizard clenched his teeth and hurriedly tried the wind magic at the sharp cry of the male Vendik, who was bleeding with his teeth clenched.

I could see that he was trying to use the windcutter again.

You said so, but you have to give this as a gift.

[7 Circle]

[Tempest cutter.]

Faster and more overwhelming than the boy used, Manna moved, and a huge, thick blade wind struck the front of the wizard boy and turned him upside down.

He did not kill, but the aftermath left the wizard boy silent, rolling on the floor without resistance.

It seemed to have been a little too much shock for the weak wizard to endure.

In an instant, three people were killed, and the remaining one moved this time.

It was the girl with a bright impression who stopped me for the first time.

Angry, she took out the shield she had hung on her back and penetrated me like a chaser.

"You punk!"

As soon as her furious eyes were reddening, the accelerated rush penetrated like a horse tramway.

At this point, I had a bad feeling.

Holy magic, holy magic, and secret surprise, plain and dark. Magic with magic.

Finally, the ignorant rush...

[Serious Prosecutor]

[Gender Ceremony]

As the technology made by mixing the techniques of the sword and the sexual knight was revealed, the divine power began to move slowly in my body.

Everyone will return to the ring of reincarnation before the shock.'

[Drain dog]

[Dump truck]

Two bang!!!

The thick white shield was crushed and her body flew helplessly.

show off one's

I knew well myself.

Davey, you're like a kid.

'Weirdly enough, I'm getting excited.'

I think your hands and feet have shrunk. Give me a break.

Persek smiled at my words.

Holding Raina's collar in one hand, I overwhelmed her with a bump against her, who was the only one awake in the stunned space, asked Reina without giving a glance.

"Who are you?"

Instead of answering my question, she swung the sword.

The attack method was also a familiar one.

Despite the very short distance of attack, I used the method of increasing destructive power the moment I taught Ilina.

swordsmanship focused on destruction

"The sword. And the sword."

"I don't know what you're talking about!"

"Don't play tricks on me."

I asked when I said it coldly.

"You're not Illinois."

"......"

"But why do you have Caldiras?"

Her body shrank heavily at my words.

"You think I look like a pair of hot pants? You didn't think I'd recognize my teacher's knife because my ego would collapse, and the shape of the sword would change?"

Is that really Caldiras in the first place?

The real Caldiras must be in the hospital with Ilina by now.

There was a chill of silence in my words.

"......"

I breathed a short sigh at her choice of silence, whether it was because she was surprised or for other reasons.

"Well, don't do it if you don't want to. You can check it out yourself."

If you're an opponent that can't be seen by Persek's power. I just have to see it with my own eyes.

As soon as I put my hand on her mask, her hand snatched my wrist from overpowering her.

Then, an indescribable white light struck my vision.

The flash of a flash swept my mind for a moment.

It was only a few seconds to zero, but it seemed like enough time for her.

After that short period of time.

Reina, the warrior I was crushing, was nowhere to be seen.

Not only that, but also all of her colleagues had disappeared.

"......"

De... ...Davie.

I murmured briefly, leaving Percerk, who looked sorry.

"Wow... this is a good thing."

Unlike the traps dug by the hounds. She ran away from me using her improvisation, which would allow her to see a rolling man on the battlefield for decades.