260 # 260

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 11th and the 9th Episode

The stream that swirled over the huge lake soon swirled into a giant swirl of water, as if to convey the anger of Elaim, the Spirit of Water.

I remained silent in the storm of water that was so harsh that my parched clothes were all wet.

"Ah! Brother! What the hell!"

"Uh, Eun-gong! Well, I think the Spirit King is very angry!"

A small number of elves who have been supported to help the construction have been stunned when they realized the situation.

For them, the King of Spirits is a spiritual and sacred creature that is hard to see again.

They had already seen me summon Noah, the Spirit of the Earth.

Therefore, it was safe to say that summoning the King of Spirits again would not freak out and cause bubbles.

Would it be easy to summon the rest of the spirits if they summoned one?

It wasn't.

No matter how friendly an elf is, when summoning two or more spirits, it requires more affinity and spirit manna.

Moreover, when I signed with Noah and tried to summon the Spirit King, which was not even a regular Spirit of Water, I was surprised in ordinary cases.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Soon after, a huge swirl of water shot at me once again.

Poof!!!!

But the earth giant that popped out from behind me as if he had been waiting.

Noah reached out a huge hand to block the stream.

Although it is a blade of water that is sharp enough to be cut as long as the water pressure is extremely condensed, there is a limit to the power that the King of Spirits, who has not even signed a contract, can use in the middle system.

The King of Spirits deals with nature.

In order for the Spirit King to deal with nature, he can only use a large amount of force if he moves according to the necessary providence.

Of course, it was against the law to harm an individual's life.

[Noah!]

Soon afterwards, a huge whirlwind of water began to slowly stop at the same time as the alarmed woman shouted.

Tensions were low in everyone's eyes around the power of the king of spirits, which seemed to weigh down the surrounding area.

It's... It's...

Soon after, a woman made of blue liquid appeared in a whirlwind of water that had completely disappeared, taking a leisurely step.

As a spirit of water, the woman who walked without falling into the water, creating only a gentle wavelength, was in her 170s, but no one would classify her as a human being.

It's made of water.

[Are you?] How dare you summon me under a worthless name like Moulim.]

"That's right."

At the same time as my calm reply, Noah's hand, which had blocked my way, was slowly removed.

Elaim, king of the Spirits of Water who stared at me for a long time, made eye contact with Noah and remained silent.

[You...]

The King of Spirits is not a complete single entity.

Even the same Spirit King exists in all parts of nature as Elaim, and it is the Spirit King that exists in most of the world except for some.

But there was actually only one Elime in front of her.

the Queen of Spirits

You are the Spirit King whom Uriana, my Spirit Master and wife of King Urg, signed.

[Summoning of the Spirit King...] Pure will and longing. A large number of spirits, but you have only one condition.]

"I know that."

To be honest, it is hard to summon the King of Spirits under my conditions.

That's why when Noah was summoned, he used Uria to trick him and then overpowered him to sign a contract.

If so, would it be easy to call the Spirit of Water as the Spirit of the Land is difficult?

Of course the answer was 'negative'.

Whoo!

Staring at me silently, she immediately whipped the stream into me.

She didn't show up to sign me.

As there are many difficulties in summoning the King of Spirits, the reality is that it is difficult to summon the right spirits with the present preparations.

But I was the one to give up.

No way.

Bam!!!

Noah, who stretched out his arm again as if he had been waiting, stopped Elaim's water whip, finally remained silent.

Instead, only bitter acupuncture flowed.

Calm down, Elaim.

[Did you forget who you were defending?!] That man is a man who has mocked and dared to underestimate the spirits!]

Elaim stamped his foot in anger and the lake's calm surface rose again.

It was none other than me who cooperated to call you.]

Noah, who spoke briefly, slowly got up.

He, who had caused the bubble to rise to tens of meters, soon blocked me and spoke quietly.

My contractor is her only trace.]

[......]

There was a short silence.

Noah looked quite serious.

To be honest, I could easily catch Noah's shallow trick.

I can't be the only one!

Such an idea must be filling his head.

You mean piece of dirt.

But I didn't bring it out of my mouth.

As a result, it was easy because I used him.

"It's your first time seeing him in person, isn't it?"

We were close as soon as we got to know each other in the corridor.

In fact, the elime I met at that time is not a real spirit, but a completely same welcome as the elime created by Yuri.

The real Elime has never met me.

That's why I approached her carefully like I've never seen her before, even though she has a familiar personality.

Besides, you're done now that you've been summoned.]

It took a while for Noah to be a flirt in the middle as if he were helping me.

What does that mean?]

Don't you know yet? Look under your feet.

As Noah sighed and said, Elaim soon looked down at the bottom of the lake where he was standing and opened his eyes wide.

Originally, the Magic Circle was created by Uryana, a bad-tempered spirit queen, to sign with the gruesome and difficult-to-contract spirits.

It is a magic camp that has no connection with the original four major spirits.

Illegal modification is also my specialty.

[This is...]

"Laughing."

Elaim, embarrassed by my frivolous laughter, stepped back.

[He, that can't be true, you magicians! No way!]

"Good to see you. I was afraid of another Spirit King. You showed up with the bait."

I was just trying to trick you into calling you out, not another king of spirits.

It works well.

That's what I said, and I moved towards her.

When I walked toward her standing on the lake without hesitation, I looked embarrassed around her, but as if the ground was alive, I gave her a look of wonder when I made a foothold in the ground where I went.

On the contrary,

Elaim was embarrassed by my approach and took a step back.

Then he created a huge sword of water in one hand.

As the king at the pinnacle of the late and noble providence! I can't accept this kind of fraud! Overpowering magicians!]

"When the Spirit Queen signed with the Spirit of Chaos, did you forget that you came forward and cheated your own people?"

[C, how did you...]

The existence of the Spirit Royal Family may not be contracted with the other party.

Therefore, Elaim must have intended to give me water and return confidently, calling him Moulaim.

but

Once she shows up, there's no way she can go back except for a contract.

"It was my choice when I came in, but not when I went out."

Oh, I really wanted to try this. The words came up to my throat.

My sarcasm shook Ella's body.

She began to move as if she were caught up in her feelings.

"We demand a contract. In any case, you were summoned according to my shallow wishes, and I have the power to offer you a contract. Am I wrong?"

She was silent about what I said.

"Lune, the Savior of mankind."

So I stepped onto the calm water and said,

I'm sure it won't be weird if you miss it.

My feet held me up, as if the water had become a hard floor.

Whisper! Tung!

Sooner or later, the silent roe-foot claw machine.

In other words, when Paru was squeezed, Elaim opened his eyes wide.

Hongdan and Cheongdan cannot be used.

Not because I'm weak. It's too strong.

I don't want to hurt Elaim, either physically or non-physical.

Proper conciliations and intimidation are good tools.

"Yuriana the Spirit Queen told me to ask for you. Since I can't find you in the spirit world, I have to call you here. But if you don't know how I feel and you're upset..."

There is no choice but to take the rod of love.

Of course, it must hurt a lot.

The ink-and-white parakeet in the hand had an outstanding effect on calming the elime.

[Lies...] She died thousands of years ago. Young people like you can't meet her.]

Elaim, what he says is true.]

Was he annoyed by Noah's repeated answers?

Eventually, Elaim shouted in fury.

Whose side are you on?]

Noah stepped in without knowing the atmosphere.

Elaim is also uselessly stubborn.

I didn't know that, but I didn't expect to suffer this much when I actually signed the contract.

"If you don't like it, you can continue to refuse."

Instead, at that time, the savior of mankind will come out, not the horse.

She smiled and gave me a look of astonishment when I threatened her casually.

[Bad Human!]

"Elaim, I need your power now. To the point where I had to do this."

[You...]

As you said, I still lack conditions. It won't be long before we can formally summon you. I know that best. However, now I desperately need your power."

I erased my expression and continued in a serious tone.

"That's why I ask you, the noble Spirit King. Help me. I want you to lend me a little bit of your strength."

She was silent for a long time when I said.

Elaim, the purpose of the desire is to distinguish our Spirit King. He succeeded in summoning you, if not official, and has the terms and conditions of his contract. Don't forget that there is no justification to refuse the contract.]

Above all.

No one else, but the only vestige of the Spirit.

The horse seemed to have become a wedge.

Eventually, the silent Elaim sighed briefly and slowly came to me.

Then he put his index finger and middle finger on my forehead and said,

[Source of water]

the primordial vein

I acknowledge your summons in the name of water that is part of nature.]

Elime's voice, which was changed from a formal one to a lower one, was serious.

Whoo!

At the same time, a large amount of spirits began to pour into her whole body, creating a huge stream of water.

Due to the king's descent, the Spirits of Water began to flourish.

I will ask Elaim, the Spirit of Water. Will you exist as my contractor?]

"I'll take it."

From the moment the seal of the contract is engraved, I am your spirit only. I will not grant you a contract with another Spirit of Water.]

A short conversation went on and a cold air flowed from her hand and seeped into my forehead.

At the same time, a blue pattern appeared on my forehead and scattered.

Welcome to the contract spirit. Elaim."

[......I don't mind. Tell me what you think is so urgent and important. I'm a very busy spirit, so I have to solve it quickly and go back.]

I nodded and pointed to the back of her voice in a woeful tone.

"That."

She gave me a questioning look.

[What are you talking about...]

"Can you take out all the lake water here and hold it for a second? It's going to be under construction. Noah, are you ready?

[......yes, contractor.]

an urgent matter

Yes, that's right. It's urgent.

However, I have never said a word that it is the kind of thing that Elaim thinks it is.

Elaim's face, which had been blue at my request, was distorted openly.

I have already learned enough to master the spirit king's spirit in the corridor.

I clapped my hands, ignoring Elaim, who was shaking and expressing anger.

"Come on, let's do the right thing. He is the King of Spirits, and if he doesn't solve the problem properly, he'll tell you all the rumors."

Especially lower spirits are scared, but they are very talkative. Once spread, rumors will spread throughout the spirit world soon.