269 # 269

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 11th and 18th installments

93. Big picture fight.

"The prince. I'm sure he's a dead man."

Albus sighed at the resolute remarks of Grand Catherine.

"Princess, please refrain from saying that. But first of all, I'm the one who saved her."

"Then what are you going to do? I didn't even have a sprained eye. I can't believe you hit your cute mama so easily."

"Well, the reason he can't accept it..."

"Garyeong?

"Someone you already like."

There was silence around the word.

"There's a possibility. But according to my research, there was no woman he met yet."

"Did the background check..."

Catherine burst into a grin at Albus, who asked awkwardly.

"I just checked it. Just confirm."

"I am the Prince of the Empire. Responsibility according to location..."

"The important thing is, what do you do?"

"If my father comes forward, I can finish it in a minute."

In his youth, it was Emperor Deord that was the man of the greatest mastery who made many women cry.

The problem is that the emperor of Lindis, who will be the biggest force, is still lukewarm.

I know Arya has a crush on the young prince of Hines, Davy O'Loon.

In the first place, it was not urgent enough to bet her on a political marriage as the Lindis Empire was full of imperial family members.

So I'd like to help.

Unlike Albert and Catherine, who cherish their younger brother and hope to meet a good man and be happy.

The Emperor wanted to keep his cute daughter in his arms forever.

The difference seems small, but it is never small.

If he continues to show such lukewarm responses, it will never happen unless Arya takes it easy.

The opponent doesn't seem to be very interested either.

What are you so worried about?"

It was then.

An unexpected voice came to the quiet arena where the two were talking.

"Your Majesty... Your Majesty!"

At the same time as Albert's startled cry, Katherine only looked down without saying a word.

"Tell me what you're so worried about."

"Well... ..that's."

As Albus began to think about what to say, Emperor Deport narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Princess. Tell me."

"Your Majesty, how long are you going to cover up the fall of the Aryan dynasties?"

When Catherine asked about her sudden direct throw, Emperor Deord's eyes caught her eye.

"Throwing around?"

"Yes, a bird with wings should go out of its cage and fly in the air."

"I mean, hand over to the monster of the Kingdom of Lounge now that Aria won't hurt to see. You mean?"

"Oh, what a monster? I think he's pretty common sense and a good guy."

At the grin, Deord picked up his bow on the platform in front of Albert without a word.

Then, he grabbed an arrow and fired one shot at the target without hesitation.

"Tut... ..stop."

"Your Majesty!"

There was a counterargument from the Albus.

"Do you know what's going on in Aria? I've been thinking about it all day! Eo's doctor says he sometimes even gets delusional! Do you know what this means?!"

early symptoms of lovesickness

Lady Hwang, who lived so pure that she was so devoted to pure kindness.

He began to have a lovesick soldier on the prince of the estate, who had been unexpectedly unacceptable to him.

"Albus."

"I'm sure it's all right. That's right. It won't be a problem right now. I'm so happy to be a royal family member and give them a wrist protector with my own luxurious wool! But what if this continues?"

Emperor Deord was silent about his unexpected rebuttal.

"You know what kind of pain people who suffer from lovesickness will have."

At the horse, Djord calmly set another arrow.

Then he answered with a pull.

"Time is the medicine."

"Your Majesty! Aria is not a human being!! You know what happens when the Nine Tails suffer from lovesickness! And so did Your Majesty."

"Dark fellow, look if you have eyes. I don't think he's saying no because he's got aria in his eye."

"It doesn't matter if it's not a regular room! He's going to have a huge presence in the East... ...or the West Central. If that's the case, who would treat Arya like a fool if she wasn't a regular person?"

At the words, Emperor Derart kicked his tongue and put his bow in place.

PING! Ta-da!

"You can't see an inch ahead. So how do you intend to lead this empire."

So... you're just gonna let it go?"

"What did you feel when you saw Davy?"

"That's... "

"Let's say you give Arya to the one with the other woman in it."

"Your Majesty!"

"If that happens. Did you think he would be really happy?"

"It is a royal and imperial responsibility for a competent royal family to have many women! Arya knows that and she wants to do it herself."

"Bad boy!"

Albus fell silent when he shouted sternly.

"You forgot my father's teachings!"

"...okay. Then at least let me give up on my own."

"You want me to give up?"

"Come out, please. I won't ask you to marry me. So that the child doesn't get nervous. Your Majesty, please step forward and let us be engaged. I want you to be completely non-South Korean!"

It was a cruel remark.

However, Albus asked that Arya be able to do something on her own, even in that way.

"Your Majesty, time is medicine, which means it hurts after it fester. This is the same thought as Prince Albert from my point of view."

The words of the Lord Catherine made Emperor Theodore silent.

Then he pulled the bow. I let it go as it is.

* * *

"What are you doing, get it."

I held the brooch in my hand without a word at the slow exhortation of Emperor Deord.

The reason why I didn't give this to everyone in front of me.

Maybe it's because he thought of the last variable left for me that he doesn't know.

In the midst of this, he intended not to let his daughter be laughed at.

"Hold on."

I raised my right hand lightly and bounced after muttering briefly.

Argh!

At the same time, a light transparent curtain unfolded around Emperor Deord.

"Did you bring her to stop my retreat?"

Silence magic.

Realizing the meaning, he said quietly.

What would you do?"

"You know what I'm going to do."

"Then be sure."

His short-spoken eyes made me angry.

"I don't want to criticize Arya for being into you. If you're going to accept Arya as your companion... ...yes, I'll trust you and leave her to you."

All of a sudden?

I had such a question.

"Just a moment ago, when I put Old, do you understand why Jim asked such a small question?"

"Did you take the test?"

"You have passed it admirably, and Jim has decided that he can leave Arya to you, leaving everything else behind. But."

The one who mumbled briefly.

He spoke quietly

"If you can't afford a little bit of love for Aria."

He paused and spoke quietly.

"I want you to reject it right here. So that Aria can relax."

"Why are you doing this?"

"Prince David. You seem to have no idea what kind of disease Aria is having."

As soon as I tried to refute what he said.

Persec flew in and blocked my way.

Take it. It's selfish.

'Don't be stubborn. I know how bad it is to have several people as wives, Persec.'

This isn't Earth. Davy!

'Let me be a little stubborn, too!'

"Disease?"

"It's a sergeant."

With a short sigh, he continued.

"Right now, it's just a coalition. If you leave it like this, it'll get worse and you'll probably get sick."

His words made me understand why he went too far.

If you're going to refuse, certainly decline.

Just accept it if not.

At this point, there has been a mistake on my part, which has responded lukewarmly.

Looking at the emperor silently, I slowly turned my head and looked at the queen, the number of her blue-green hair looking at me with an anxious face.

They looked like small animals who were worried that I might be rejecting them.

That's why I kept avoiding this. Where on earth did you find room for compassion?

A trivial thing for you could be a lifetime salvation for you. If you're going to refuse, be sure. I'll never see anything lukewarm. You can take it's okay. You can say no.

"What's this...

Don't forget, this is not Earth. It's the Tionis continent.

Thought, culture, everything is different from where you lived.

The natural thing on Earth, here, is an emergency, and here, an emergency can be normal there.

"Lady Arya."

It was not long before I slowly opened my mouth after releasing the Silence Magic.

"Yes! Prince!"

I said to her looking up at me nervously.

"I'm sorry. I can't accept you now. I hope to meet a better man because he is a good man."

He passed her by saying that.

"Your Majesty, let's go. Didn't you say there's someone who wants to meet me?"

a brave man

A woman who has lived a sad life to the point where she wants to have her own way.

At the same time, Aria's eyes were round, and soon afterwards, transparent tears were young.

"Ah..."

She had her eyes wide open and hardened, as if she had not recognized the flow of tears.

She was so stuck up for a long time because she couldn't find anything to say. I passed her without a word.

Yeah, this is better. If there's room left, I'll let you meet someone who's fine and better.

"De... ..Prince Davy!"

"......"

Let me stop and look at her. She ran to me with a tearful face and handed me a small box that she had taken out of her arms.

"It's... ..."

"I'm sorry... I'm... I'm sorry to bother you. He's sob..."

Speaking in a tearful voice, she made up a helpless smile.

"It's a woolen wrist protector. The weather is very... ...very cold. Prince. So be careful not to catch a cold."

She repeated the same thing without interrupting while crying.

"I'm sorry... I'm sorry. So... ..the last present... ...it's a present, I won't bother you again... ...but I've worked so hard on it... just this one, haha...haha."

I kept silent and accepted the guard she gave me, as I expected, to her behavior to stifle her devastating feelings.

It was then.

Knock knock!

Aria, who was dizzy or staggered, collapsed.

"Arya!"

As soon as I heard Emperor Deord's alarmed cry, I immediately held her up and hugged her.

Then he quickly activated Manna.

"......"

My body is a ball of fire.

Having lost consciousness, she could not open her eyes.

"Did the gentleman say he was waiting at the banquet? Please arrange a separate table later."

"Just let it go, I'll call Euh and move him to the palace. Although the rank of a warrior is an unknown commoner, Jim cannot break his promise."

It was an unexpected cold remark.

"Your Majesty."

"Wasn't it because of you that Arya was in such a situation? It's all right if you've picked up and let go of one person with a little good deed, how miserable are you going to make him?"

His angry remarks made me look at the fallen Arya.

How shocking it was, Aria's expression looked very emaciated, unlike before.

"That's it, and this is it. There's nothing more important to a doctor than a patient."

He was silent about what I said.

I should have seen you then.

The damn smile on the emperor's lips...