267 # 267

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 11th and 16th volumes

About a week has passed since the Black Market incident.

The construction of the Hines Land Hydroelectric Power Plant went smoothly for a long time, and I prioritized the treatment of those who had been held in the black market during that time.

He did not reject the hand of a patient who asked for help in front of his eyes.

"Well... are we done now?"

A stiff-faced Toin girl crouched down and asked carefully.

"Yeah. Now all you have to do is stabilize properly."

"I... I'm sorry. I don't know if I can get enough of this."

"Too much treatment?"

My question was greeted with a wiggle of other Sioux, including the Toin girl, who was in a medical center in the province of Yeongju.

"Yes... in fact, my town is a very small town on the south-central continent. It's a small town with only a hundred villagers... who can afford to pay for such an excessive amount of treatment."

The Toin girl, who spoke with an anxious face, expressed fear that she might be being sold as a slave again because she could not pay for the treatment.

I said, lightly tugging at her ears.

"You earn your life."

"Yes... Yes?"

"Let's just breathe and make a living."

"...yes, yes, yes!"

The expression of the Toin girl, who answered in a shrill voice screaming, hardened dark.

"What if I earn that much?"

"What?"

"Do you think you'll be better off just because you earn so much money and give it to me?"

To my question, she opened her eyes wide, unique to the Toin people.

"What's that......"

"I have a lot of money. You don't have to worry about my household."

Speaking calmly, I soon let go of her ears and got up.

"The treatment is done. Go back to your hometown now that you have nothing to see. Run for it."

"......."

With her surprise behind me, I called a waiting maid.

"Give me a robe and a suitably plain outfit. We've got a lot of good mercenaries."

"Precise Degradation."

The maid, who was fumbling her head about what was so good, led the Toin girl by the hand.

"Come on, go. I'll give you a neat dress."

"I... me! Wait a minute! I've already had a lot of help! If I get more here..."

"I told you."

Even if you earn your whole life and give it to me, there's no difference in dust.

Do you think it would be meaningful for me to roll every quarter of the nation's budget money on a territory?

She seemed to have lost her words and was silent for a long time, so I sighed briefly and nailed her.

"Let me ask you a question."

Men and women looked at me in my words.

"Did you ask me for help? No, it's just what I got. I wouldn't have cared about it."

Frankly speaking, without Persek's words, I would have stopped saving Hines Young Ji-min and destroying the black market.

"So, take it when you give it to me. Don't make me repeat myself unnecessarily."

How thoughtless of you're being careful. If you're trying to ease their burden, there's another way.

At Persec's words, giggling and stroking the top of my head, I quietly snatched her and pushed her into my pocket.

Ugh! Don't treat her roughly!

'Be quiet because it's noisy.'

I said after I gave her a short blow.

"I'm going to send you guys out of the same direction. You don't have to reward me for being a mere whim.

"I can't do that! The Black Lands will never forget your kindness!"

A muscular man with navy blue hair and wolf ears jumped up.

Then he came to me with his crutches roughly on his feet.

He had broken his leg while he was in the black market. In such a situation, there was a precedent that I fixed the legs that had become sloppy because they were not treated properly.

"I... I am a species of forest. Running through the forest is our strength and our pride. Unlike the humans who broke my leg, you cured me."

He, who spoke with a heavy breath, let go of his crutches and fell on his knees and bowed his head to me.

"If you tell me to crawl like a dog, I will die! If I don't repay you for saving me and saving me once, I will never live in peace when I return home!"

The surrounding atmosphere was jolted by his cry.

"Well... so am I! Let me do anything! Cleaning, laundry! Food! That... that's what I'm saying.I can't. I'm confident that I'll be able to stay overnight!"

Afterwards, a To-In girl who had been treated by me came up and looked up at me in a small kidney and pricked my ears.

"Are these things crazy? Where have you been?"

The Toin girl tilted her head at my words.

"What's that......"

"It's a slave market, you stupid bastards. You want to get out of there and become a slave again? Are you a slave? Are you crazy?"

Their expressions were subtly frown at my harsh vitriol.

The Sioux are very similar to humans, but their instincts are a little stronger.

Sex, anger, joy, and appetite. It has a slightly different way of life than humans, a type of people who wash their mouths with help.

That's why humans want to turn their eyes on us and enslave the Sioux.

"Even if you collect hundreds of people like you and help them, it's not much different from now, so go back."

"I can't go! Rather kill me... kill me!"

It was the cry of a man who is now a wolf prisoner who clings to my pant leg.

"What am I supposed to say to my family back there? What are you going to say when you get your help and you don't do anything? Please don't let me live with the shame of the Black Rang. Please!"

The cry made me sigh.

It's the hardest for the dogged to deal with.

"......I'm, I'm begging you! My sister who raised my sister always said this! Some humans are bad, but others are good like princes! He said I should know how to repay you if I get help! Let me work!"

"Ma... Right! Even though it's insignificant, I'll help you! What should I start with? Laundry? Washing dishes? We can do everything hard! I don't care if you pay me very little!"

Even the Tōin girl hung on, and some more prisoners who were looking at the opportunity rose.

Oh...

You bastards, there's no answer.

I, frowned at myself, crept back.

You are surprisingly very weak to these people.

I'm confident that I'll refuse to do everything you ask me to do. Why is it so hard to get rid of the people who are asking for this?

Eventually I shouted, leaving them behind.

"Oh, I don't know, you bastards! Do whatever you want, then!"

Bang!

After saying so, I clapped my tongue briefly after roughly closing the door.

"Cook... Brother."

In front of me, I saw none other than Winnie and Tanya, and then Princess Maria looking at me with her eyes covered with an eye patch.

"I told you, didn't I? I told you that's what he does."

"Cook, cuck... you haven't changed a bit."

"It's kind of new to know he's definitely like that."

"Come here you guys."

"Oh, my God!"

Two people running away laughing and making fun of each other, and Princess Maria laughing and running away.

Having no strength to follow, I shook my head and frowned.

It's the precursor to managall. Why don't you take a break now?

What's wrong with you?

Usually, if you use that much mana in real time, the wise man will burn out and die in an hour.

'Don't worry, it's the spirit to stay.'

The number of recovering mana per second is different.

The rapid recovery of Manna depends strictly on the situation. If you go beyond the level of fairy tales, you will be able to recover beyond the human category.

Now, a large number of spirit manas are pouring out in real time. It doesn't matter because Skeleton is not tired, but Dwarf craftsmen were different.

Therefore, maintaining the summoning of Noah and Elaim was essential to achieve the most efficient construction possible while minimizing their burden.

"Brother, hasn't it been too long since you summoned the Spirit King?"

"It's coming in sequence... ...yes, what's going on?"

It was not long before Bernil and Varys were seen approaching.

"Down. I'm afraid you'll have to suspend the construction."

I paused at the words of General Bernil.

"You don't have enough materials? I don't think you're short of money."

"Yes, I'm not lacking. The money I got out of the jewelry you gave me was more than I expected, so the accounting department was sweating."

It is a natural result because Treasure Hunters, who usually find treasures in historical sites, have dozens of rare gems that they can't get even one or two even if they devote their lives.

Vampires are picky about jewelry, so most of them are expensive.

"As far as I know, Alaui's counterpart is constantly delivering materials."

"That's also true... but look at this."

General Bernil took a small envelope out of his arms and stuck it out.

It was none other than an invitation to be sealed with wax with the pattern of a twin dragon.

The content itself was simple. The message is that he wants to host the banquet, so please attend it.

However, it is not a collective letter from the banquet department of the Crown Prince Lindis.

It was a letter written and sent by the emperor himself.

"First of all, I'm a royal prince. I'm embarrassed that you're here, but I'm also invited. I'll take you there, sir."

I looked at the contents of the letter without a word at the words of Varys.

* * *

On my second trip to the Lindis Empire, I grabbed Barris by the collar and went beyond the space, leaving out all the fatigue accumulated and troublesome overland trips.

And, I showed up at the center of the Lindis palace.

It was 300 meters high in the air.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Of course, Varys, who crossed the space with me without knowing anything, struggled to scream and scream at his constantly falling body.

"Brother! Get off!" I'm going to die. I'm really going to die!"

Ignoring the screaming and screaming man, I looked at the fast approaching ground, and soon spread manna without regret when the crash was about a few meters away.

[7 Circle]

[High Reverse Gravity]

As the gravitational magic, which completely controls the force of falling for a short time, unfolded, Varys, who was struggling in the air, opened his eyes wide.

"Who said they'd let him die? I'm going to kill you."

It's a dark night sky, so it can't be seen no matter who falls.

And the precision of the Silence.

"Wow... I'm dizzy... ...my tongue, brother, why are you moving so high..."

"Lindis has set up defensive magic tents in three of the towers."

If you tell me to go in, I'll break it down. It's not hard.

I broke the world's tree, and I can't even break the magic of the noble class of the tower.

only

If you do so, there will be a big disturbance, so I just didn't.

"Whoa... I thought it would take a few days, no matter how close the Empire was to the Kingdom of Louns... ..but I didn't expect to arrive in an hour."

"Welcome."

When I lightly brushed off any foreign substances on my body, an old gentleman who seemed to have waited appeared in front of me and bowed his head.

"I've been waiting. Prince Davy Olloun. I am a servant of the royal family. Please call me Gordon at your convenience."

" Baron Gordon. Did you know I was coming here?"

I didn't know I'd find out his rank, but we didn't show it to each other.

He is a man who is surprisingly easy to see as a man of power.

"It's just a coincidence. However, I was only told by your Majesty that the prince would arrive at this point."

"Yeah."

When he answered calmly, Reese, who was stumbling, sprang up with his eyes wide open.

For now, Varys came as the representative of the Loun Kingdom.

In my case, it was a personal invitation, not an envoy of the Loun Kingdom, so I had a different position.

"Huh! Thank you for coming to meet me. Baron Gordon. F... ..Barris Olown. I've been invited by the Empire."

"I've been waiting. Prince Barris."

"Huh...uh..."

Varys made a painful sound at the burdensome polite look.

"The banquet has already started. Would you like it right away?"

"This... can't ignore the sincerity of the Empire's sincerity. I need your guidance."

Sticking to the inappropriate way of speaking, Barris said, Gordon nodded quietly and clapped his hands lightly.

At the same time, five men in black suits appeared in a row and bowed their heads toward us.

"The top servants of the imperial family. I'm sure you don't have any inconvenience."

When he said so, the servants slowly approached him and politely accepted the coat Barris was wearing.

"I'll help you with simple preparations."

"Well... then I beg you. Brother? Let's go."

For now, he seemed to have abandoned his usual light appearance, as he came here for diplomacy.

"Oh, please be a little late for Prince David Olloun."

"What's going on?"

On the contrary, I have been participating in the private event rather than diplomatically, so I kept my usual tone of speech.

"Your Majesty wants a private meeting."

"Please show me around. Varys, I'm sorry, but go to the banquet first."

"Oh... I see. I'll be waiting for you.

What do you want me to say?

Following Gordon, I broke up with Barris and walked silently down the quiet palace corridor.

It was not until I entered the reception room of the quiet yet magnificent palace that I could see someone looking for me.

"Your Majesty, Prince Davy is here."

"Listen."

a solemn voice

For an old man, I took a step forward to the man's answer, which felt that his strength was still correct.

There was an emperor Lindis wearing a uniform, perhaps ready to go to a banquet soon.

"Welcome. Would you like to leave it?"

said he, who was waiting in a chair, pointing to what was on the table.

It was an old board game that was very similar to chess.

"I hear you're very good at keeping Old. What do you say? Do you want to make a bet? If you win, I'll give you my good present."

"It's a problem to win, it's a problem to lose. I don't like my partner very much."

"I didn't know the prince would say that. I know that even if you're not an emperor but a god, you'll never let it go. I have something to discuss with you, so I hope you don't refuse."

I grinned at his words.

"Well, I'll take the gift without shame."

Don't tell me you're gonna beat me?

A good memory can be used in this respect.

When it comes to the bullfights, there were a few men in the corridor who were as smart as a computer.

Not a chance.