263 # 263

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 11th and 12th volumes

The Toin girl, who has a half-hearted face like a medicine, had no idea why she was here and why she was being watched by so many people wearing a rags.

He just looked blank with half a blur on his blank face.

His ears, which were supposed to stand out, lost their strength and stretched out, and his face looked full of fatigue.

She put on makeup to look pretty, but it seemed to me that she forced her dying people to dress up.

a native girl

It is a minority tribe in the Great Gorge in the south-central part of the continent.

I don't like to be in the world, so only a few members live together.

Is that all?

It was also a protected species that could never be legally or illegally enslaved by the United Nations legislation proposed by the Palan Empire, which currently holds the hegemony of the continent.

The presence of such an indigenous girl here meant that the auction was quite secretive and illegal.

Of course they're thinking of selling the elf they kidnapped from the Hines estate as slaves.

"Your wife... ...Cheon! A thousand gold coins have been sold! The Tōin girl was sold to customer number 32!"

Empty, empty!

As soon as the Supreme Court judge made a ruling, two men who appeared from behind the stage covered the body of the Toin girl with a blanket and disappeared.

"Now, after the auction, we're supposed to make a collective payment. I know you'll be waiting, but can you be patient?"

I kept silent with a blank face at the host's insistence on a humorous way of speaking.

"Now! Next item! You've been waiting for a long time! There's nothing more to wait for! Let's see for ourselves!"

a small number of beings that are internationally protected, unlike those who can generally buy in the legitimate slave market.

That's what most of the secret auction in the Kingdom of Boltis was about.

For example, a young boy or a woman of noble families who has been quietly enslaved by political battles. Or a race.

At the same time, most of them went crazy if everyone was legally enslaved.

"Three hundred gold coins are here! Is there anything else?!"

In a violent cry, I picked up the sign again with a relaxed face.

Five hundred! Five hundred! Is there more?!"

It's already been over an hour since the auction went on. In the meantime, I bought it like crazy with stage kisses that scared the people around me and looked at me.

Of course, it was not a penny or two, so the amount gradually changed astronomically as we gathered together, but I didn't care.

Is it because of the continued monopoly bid?

I could feel the way you looked at me from all sides, maybe you noticed something strange.

Although he covered his face with a mask, most of his mind looked at the power of Persec.

Who in the world spends such a large sum of money without reserve?

Such illegal auctions are sought by those who have some money or power.

It means that even if there is a problem, the workers who can secretly clean up will participate.

It was hard to think that such a secret auction house was bluffing.

Apart from that, of course, I could see some big guys coming towards me.

In response, I threw them a brilliant jewel that I took out of my pocket without a word.

"It's authentic. I have more money than you can imagine. If you've checked, get lost. If you get on my nerves one more time, I'll catch you and throw you in the boiling soup."

Short and sweet.

As his personality was really dirty and he pretended to be just a rich man, the big men looked at each other with stiff faces.

Then he politely handed me the jewelry again and bowed his head.

"I'm sorry. Have a good time."

I listened to the sign without hesitation this time again, ignoring them who were leaving with a short apology.

8......800 gold coins!! 800 Gold Coin Sold!"

The host's mouth was very catchy because of my frantic buying of more than twice the average market price.

They do this in order to make the money big.

They must think that they are properly holding the stick.

"Now! So we only have one last auction item left. You've already heard the rumor, so you'll know. Legend has it that no race can match beauty! I thought they didn't exist, but they did exist! It's the elves!"

At the same time, a blonde girl in a ragged costume slowly walked out from the back of the stage.

Then two frightened girls were shaking, helping the big cotton covered by the elf girl to keep it from flowing.

All three of them are Hines Youngji's girls.

I nodded quietly at Persec's words.

"Oh... oh!"

"Are you really an elf?"

It was not long before the elves came into the world, and slaves could not be stared at because both the sacred places of the new tree and the forest of the moon were under considerable protection.

At such a time, it was natural for an elf girl to set fire to the greed of those here, as she was the first to come up to the auction house.

"Elf said he would never grow old! In addition, their lifespan is more than twice as long as humans! Of course you're worried? Don't worry about it. The magical tool on the Elf girl's neck is nothing but an artifact that hides the species! As soon as we win the bid, we can add a fantasy to the owner's wish so that we can't recognize it!"

Artifect. When you're walking outside, there's a magic on the ear, which is the symbol of the elf, to make it look like a human type.

Not only that, but...

"And I don't have to worry about being rebellious! It's a high-priced artifact, and you have perfect mental control!"

"Noisy! Hurry up and take off the cotton swab!"

At that time, when a man wearing a mask shouted violently, there was a commotion everywhere.

Unlike other subspecies, which are rare but are sometimes seen, this was the first Elf.

Was it because of the torch of the people who were shouting as if they were watching the scene of the frenzy?

The host, who was sweating, quickly rolled his eyes and opened his eyes wide.

"Yes! Then I'll take it off right away! Hey."

As the host hardened her expression and growled at the two girls, the two girls shook their eyes full of fear and slowly peeled off the cotton.

Then a beautiful girl with a blank face appeared at the auction house.

"Oh!!"

"Oh, my God... ..I must buy it!"

I began to feel the dirty taste with exclamations everywhere.

Two girls trembled as if they were more frightened by people's reaction, but the elf girl just stood there with a blank face, perhaps because she was overwhelmed.

"You're a virgin! If you buy an Elf girl, I'll put those two slaves in the back together! All right, let's get started! The starting auction price is cloth!"

The cry stopped the commotion all over the place.

But soon they started to raise prices like crazy.

"A thousand! A thousand! A thousand!"

"1,500! Here we are!"

As the amount of money that was different from the previous auction began to flow, the auction house became noisy like a natural fish market and filled with impatient people.

It was then.

Thack.

"I...I...I...I... I... Here we go! Two thousand!! Is there no more?!"

Davey!

"......"

Suddenly, a man who threw a large sum of money shouted Persec, feeling impatient.

You didn't come all this way to save those three girls, not others.

If we start a ruckus right now, we can definitely save those three. Therefore, there is no point in watching the auction from the beginning.

Thump...

Soon after, I looked at a man wearing a mask who raised a huge sum of two thousand and quietly listened to the sign.

Two thousand... ...two thousand!"

Beep!

As soon as he raises 2,000, the man raises 2,000.

So I threw three thousand with a soft face.

"Sa... Three Thousand... Three thousand! Are there any more?!"

Are you annoyed by my behavior?

The man glared at me with a calm look and soon pulled out the sign again.

"3,500!"

Is he crazy?

I don't know what you're trying to do with the afterlife, but if you're going to have a fight with the same pocket fight.

They're betting on their own money.

I didn't bet anything in the first place.

Why do you stop?

It meant that there was none.

Three thousand.

Four thousand.

Five thousand

At last, the audience began to look surprised at the auction, which went up to 5,500 gold coins.

Some looked at me and two men as if they were crazy.

Certainly, 5,500 gold coins are of immense value.

"......"

"Yuk...Yuk...Yuk...Yuk...Yuk-Yuk!"

I clapped my tongue short as a violent cry rang out.

Then he lifted the sign again.

"I... just... just work! We have 10,000 gold coins!"

The sound of swallowing and frightening began to come from all over the place, but I kept on holding on to my bland expression.

"Well, that's... that's incredible. 10,000 gold coins! Are there any more?!"

The man, who had been staring at me for a long time with an excited host's cry, soon kicked his tongue briefly and covered the sign with his hand.

"Full bid!!! An Elf girl has won 10,000 gold coins!!"

at the same time as an excited host

The last people I need to get back fell into my hands.

* * *

Such a secret auction usually has to be sure of identity until the end.

Now that the auction is over, all I have left is to bring back the illegal slaves that are supposed to be sold to me.

It is a formidable act that can turn many of the people who attended the auction against the enemy.

Of course, if you try to dig it up, you'll find out your personal information, and it's hard to get all of their anger.

but

They won't be able to tell me apart even if they die. It didn't matter if I found out.

I walked inside under the guidance of men in a mask, and I was able to meet an unexpected person.

"I won't say a word. Hand it over to me."

"Ha......but sir. This is the ironclad rule of our black market."

"You won't listen to me? You know who I am?"

At the same time as the man wearing a mask, one or two masked men appeared from behind and put their hands on the sword grip.

The man shuddered away from the realistic threat.

"Ha......but I can't do anything about it! If you break the rules, everyone who visits here will lose their trust!"

"That's none of my business. How dare you throw up on someone who makes money by doing garbage? Or do you want this auction to be handed down outside the world?"

The man wearing glasses, who was threatened by the man, looked rigid.

"Ha......I'd rather have a direct negotiation with the winning bidder…"

"That's a good idea."

The short mutter turned his head.

He was the man who made a large bid to buy an elf girl who had been kidnapped from none other than the Hines estate.

"You're arrogant."

As soon as the men who were guiding me stepped back, he approached me and spoke overbearingly.

"You... did you dare to disrupt my plans and live and breathe?"

I looked at him with a calm look at his words.

"Toughly?"

For the first time, the laughter was young in my mouth, which had hardened as I entered the internal building.

"The Archbishop seems fearless these days."

His face was shocked beyond my provocation.

I can't see it, but. There was nothing difficult about the shape of the mouth and the contraction extension of the pupils.

At my provocation, the men quickly pulled the sword out and pointed it at my neck.

"I won't tell you the truth. Hand over to me the elf among the slaves you bought. If I can pass it over, with all my generosity..."

"Oh, you're so flattered! You crazy guy."

Pooooooooh!!

[King Jürg's Crowd Controller]

[Taking medicine to peel shin]

"Oh, my God!"

I, who cut him off, kicked him on the shin without hesitation and his body collapsed.

So I snatched his falling clothes, stopped him, and spoke slowly.

"Live like a mouse. Your identity, if you don't want to expose everything you've done here."

It's more of a country than a job.

The problem is that I have a considerable position in your country's position.

The backbiting was not interlinked.

However, the previous words could give a big enough hint.

That means I know who he is.

Of course, I have no means of identifying him on the surface.

But there's only one thing. Whatever the opponent is wearing, I have the power to see the simple information of the opponent.

White doesn't mean everyone is clean.

His eyes opened over the mask at my horse.

"Yes, sir... ..you dare to... ..me..."

"And don't dare to use the word "you.""

"......"

"You look so vulgar."

Oh... I wanted to try this.

Men with a blank face under control quickly swung their swords into my throat.

"Kkkkkkkkkkk..."

but

Before their swords reached me, two huge men collapsed with a phlegmatic sound.

"Do you have any business left?"

I asked him in pain on one knee.

Then his face frown, and he stood up with difficulty and screamed at me.

"You... you humiliation! I won't forget!"

Leaving him running away after shouting, I ignored the fallen men and opened my mouth.

"What about the slaves?"

"Ah...Ah! Yes! I'll show you around!"

"Everything is there, right?"

"Of course! All 15 slaves you purchased have already been groomed and put on standby!"

"I wouldn't have hurt you. I thought you said you wouldn't tolerate a wound."

My low voice made the man in the glasses cold sweat.

He must be more nervous because he saw the situation a while ago.

I'm sure there's no one who's not crazy coming to the auction here.

"Our black market puts credit first, anytime, anywhere!"

I nodded at his cry.

As long as it is secured, there is no more problem. It's the main thing to look for.

Those who kidnapped and sold the land of Hines without fear will also have to pay for it.

It was then.

Has it been said that human life is not accurate and that variables can occur anytime?

"S... ..Attack!!"

At the same time as a violent cry, a huge explosion began to shake the entire underground passage.

"What's going on? Report it right now!!"

A man of outer glasses headed to the place where the children needed to guide and save me grabbed a nearby man and shouted in anger.

It's a typical high-power drug overdose behavior, but I don't care.

"He, it's... ..a raid!"

"That sounds like I don't know, you shit stick! What a fearless bastard at this important time!"

The loud man rolled his eyes at the cry of the man.

"Ah!"

It was then.

The big man, who had been arrested by the collar, opened his eyes wide and exclaimed.

"That's right! There must be a group of people called warriors recently! The man at the forefront was holding Baek Eun's giant sword!"

The cry stopped my step.

Baek Eun's giant sword?