278 # 278

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the twelve volumes

96. See? What did I tell you (2).

"Hey! What the... ..."

At the same time, huge light began to shine on the bodies of the party, including Raina.

Forced transfer is magic.

"Hey, what the hell?!"

Mersil, a wizard who noticed that Manna's flow was strange, opened his eyes.

"Davie, we're seeing more and more monsters every minute by minute. This is the limit..."

Everyone's eyes were on her with the voice of Lünne, who had already cut over tens of hundreds of them, covered her whole body with monster blood.

It was certainly hard to accept the sight of a little girl following me quietly dragging Ouger's head and flipping away.

"Danger...!"

It was followed by a troll who swung a huge club to attack behind Lünne.

However, despite his club hitting Lünne, Lünne didn't budge.

A little girl's body is strong enough to quickly become a dried filefish, but it is neither pushed out nor faltered.

Just turning his head with a calm face, the troll faltered as if embarrassed.

He's definitely a small human being. He did not seem to understand why he was okay even after being hit by a club that he wielded with all his might.

Then, the troll's mistake ended when Lünne kicked him on the knee and smashed him.

Argh!

With a terrible scream, the troll crumpled with a metal cubicle collapsed, and Lünne thrust a light saver into the middle of his forehead without hesitation and split it.

Countless people have already been killed and the building collapsed.

Cracks continue to form and hideous monsters crawl out.

The scope has become too wide to be solved by mere force.

This is why indiscriminate attacks are of poor quality.

"I know without looking."

If your opponent starts to borrow the power of being who refuses to serve the world.

You can only do it here.

They don't exist. What exists and is connected to me.

the will of God

You don't have this in your house, do you?

show me the mone......

Well.

Davy! Don't talk nonsense! We're getting more and more!

I once again tapped the cross-shaped cane, which turned into a grand cross, and started to wake up by tapping the divine power that was asleep in my body.

Get up, lazy bastards.

It's time to work.

It's definitely hard to control the sacred power of struggling to keep one'since it's hard to control.

Let's see if it's beating and not moving.

After a short warning, divine power began to slowly move.

Soon after, white air began to spring through my whole body in the great flames and screams.

I held the pole of the cross in my hands and fixed it by the force of the white light that began to move like a whirlpool.

Monsters began to flock around me to kill me.

Before reaching some distance, Lünne's shelling burned to ashes and collapsed.

Soon after, I slowly recited the prayer, which changed the divine power into the form of a huge magic wand and activated it.

According to the Lord of the First. He said, "Be a keeper from the covetous." In the name of the saint, I beg you.

Whooooooooooooooooooo!!

My job under your name is healer, buffer.

[Please lower your trickery skills.]

Be sure to mark life as a reality to the foolish people who are going crazy in front of you.

Like an explosion at the end of a huge vibration, the dragon's roar began to have a sacred force similar to mine, but slightly different.

Part of the power of God, which means permission.

I can't just use whatever I want.

one of the most powerful assistants

The divine power of God shows an unprecedented amount of activity.

Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

A burst of light spreads out at a moment and begins to cover the city.

At the same time, the buildings that had been completely collapsed began to recover themselves as if they were rewinding themselves.

The wounded and dead soldiers and civilians began to move slowly.

Monsters' crazy movements became solid for a moment.

The clouds of the Saqaman began to change, which had been swirling around the clouds began to change.

The power of the first Rich Knicks is too strong to affect the environment?

With that power?

Those who are almost dead, or who are not long after their deaths, will regain their strength and rise as if they were resuscitating.

A huge vortex of sacred power begins to interfere with the entire crack of the area.

Dozens or hundreds of buffs are put on the soldiers who fought against them, and on the contrary, the monsters are poured out with the help of God.

Miracles are the power to make impossible things a reality.

It's the mildest taste of Daphne's greatest divine magic. However, the difficulty level is not going anywhere.

But I can't use it.

I'll show you that I haven't just been playing.

[God magic beyond the top 10]

[Declaration of the Holy War]

Crossly, here I declare the temple in the name of God. You sons of bitches who have no laws of war.]

As the tremendous divine power began to burst out, the surrounding area began to change again like a bright day.

It was a painful light, but somehow everyone there looked at me with their mouths shut in the presence of warm and comfortable light.

"This... what... what is this?"

The most astonishing thing was Eshilt, a young, well-skilled new bride.

As a believer, she, who deals with the divine power, does not have a clue what the sacred magic I am trying to do now, but she seemed to have noticed only one thing for sure.

A glimpse of the astonished Reina party, I immediately flicked my finger as the light surrounding them became stronger.

"I'll send the Duke of Kathryn separately, so go ahead."

"Come on... Wait a minute!"

Spang!!!

Everyone's new models disappeared as if they were being swallowed by the light before Reina shouted.

The pre-trial magic has finally blown them away.

With nothing more to care about, I soon reached out my hand to the huge light pouring from the sky.

Most of the divine power in my body disappeared, but it didn't matter.

Boom!!!

Soldiers who slowly rise up with faces that they don't seem to understand the situation could not escape the feeling of being embarrassed when they died and alive.

They weren't exactly dead.

The dead, the soul, will leave the flesh and go to the reincarnation.

It can be said that it is the first phrase to teach a commander.

So

He took all the souls of the dead, tied them up so that they could not reach the ring of reincarnation, restored their bodies, and planted their souls again.

It's possible to do such nonsense.

It's the miracle of God.

Different from imitating the power of God based on my power up to the ninth rank.

Most of them are transcendental hierarchical magic based on the power of God.

The break is over. Everyone, get up."

The soldiers who stood absentmindedly soon turned to my voice flying into the air.

Most of the turbulent monsters were overwhelmed by the enormous light and could not be stopped because they could not move easily.

"How long are you going to space out? If the healer gives you a heel, you're gonna make a quick deal, you bastards!"

The soldiers opened their eyes to a strong cry that seemed to be drawn from the thoughts of the soldiers opened their eyes.

Although they saw me for the first time. I know who is likely to cause such a ridiculous miracle.

"Miracle... It's a miracle.

"A miracle happened..."

"Hahahaha..."

Those who were not easily aware of the reality burst into laughter and looked around.

And, at the end of the embarrassment and the enormous phenomenon that unfolds before your eyes.

They could be conscious of one thing.

Now, I can kill that hateful aggressor.

"The Son... ...the Son of God is with you."

"The Holy Father is with you!!!"

"Kill those damn bastards!"

The 10th-tier system was not expressed for a simple purpose, so it was certain to have one effect.

One thing began to dwell in their minds, as it was a force that could not be used as a unit with a large amount of simple divine power and high proficiency.

They soon seized their weapons, which were extremely high in morale thanks to their full-body strength and mental strength.

He began a mad dash at the monsters who had just frightened and kept them busy running away.

* * *

Spang!!!

Reina, who was lost in a huge flow of power and wandered, soon after, she was driven out of the world by the power to suck herself in a huge light.

"Huh?"

Swallowing and hurled into the air, she quickly balanced herself by looking at the ground she could see in her sight and unleashed Manna to completely reduce the fall damage.

It's like being thrown away mercilessly.

Before she could understand what the hell was going on, she could find her party screaming and falling from the sky.

The experienced and strong assassin, Bendik, or the fool, Royna, who belongs to the physical faction from head to toe, moved reflexively to prepare for the fall, but on the contrary, the young wizards Mercil and Eshilt struggled in the air.

Bam!!!

Reina, who bounced reflexively and picked up the two boys and girls, immediately landed safely so that they wouldn't get hurt, hugged and patted them, gasping for breath and unable to calm down.

"It's all right. It's all right."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Raina's consideration has taken her out of the panic, but she seems to have calmed down, apart from the children who are breathing hard.

Those who got off safely did not hide their complaints.

"Ouch... ...you almost got hurt!"

"Oh, my God... that damn bastard..."

It is impossible to know who threw themselves here without mercy.

Monsters are attacking.

a boy of sudden appearance

It was Saint David.

Why he showed up there, how he showed up. It was full of questions as if he was ready to show as if he was ready.

What was more important to her was where she was and what happened to the maritime city state of Valkas.

"Where the hell are we? It looks like a beach."

Boom!!!!

As if to answer such questions of Lina.

All eyes of the party headed toward the source of the huge roar that was heard momentarily.

There

"Oh, my God... I can't believe it."

"Well, the power of the saints..."

in their eyes

It was a huge stream of light, like a giant sun, turning the darkened sky blue.

And, as if the power were proclaimed to be not just a divine magic.

A huge cross and its wings that can be clearly seen to this faraway place. And there were white feathers floating in the sky.

At a time when everyone was silent and speechless.

Reina paused at the sudden sound of a voice.

The God of the First said... ...that God blessed all things. Only one tribe could not accept its power. So, God says...

As I turned my head reflexively, there was little girl Eshilt, who was gasping for breath a moment ago, slowly getting up with her eyes shining white.

Then she kneeled reflexively and put her hands together to pray.

I say to the poor. even if not blessed

I'll give you my name.

The name is Holn, and I will call him human according to God's will.

I yield the sole authority to those who have downloaded the first name.

with repentance and reflection Be loved in the first place.

That's the only way to connect with the original will.

Even Reyna, who has gone through all sorts of hardships, has rarely studied Neo-Confucianism.

That's why I couldn't understand it at all.

One thing could be known.

The new officer Eshilt is still young, but he was one of the last to stand by Reina as the last resistance in her world.

Her talent was not just outstanding, but it was her only vestige.

Han Ki-soo is the only child to survive among the candidates for sex.

I haven't heard the details, but Eshilt says he doesn't remember those days.

After that, she went through a change. It was that sometimes there was a divine soul in her body.

Her expression of her power is originally more of a future than it is now, but what she said cannot be dismissed as mere nonsense. So I could feel it.

An incredible miracle that is happening far away can't be trusted.

Prince Davy, the saint who looks picky with the cold impression.

He realized something transcendent by connecting the passage with God.

"What the... ..why is that being here..."

completely different from one's own world She could not hide her confusion because of the transcendent human existence.

And. There was a dark mind that wondered if his efforts were useful and a grudge against the boy who was a saint.