270 # 270

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 11th and 19th episodes

Aria, who got married, lay in bed and fell asleep without budding.

"You'll be all right if you get some rest."

I answered quietly after a consultation with Aria.

"Maybe, isn't it related to the previous disease?"

"The disease has dried up the seeds. There will be no more harm done to her."

Again,

The disease should not exist.

He nodded quietly at my firm answer.

"By the way,"

I shut my mouth while I was talking.

'It's faster than I thought...'

The situation has been extraordinarily, the situation. I think I heard it somewhere.

If you add the medicine you learned from the Hippocryan of God, there has never been such a rapid symptom.

"But?"

"It's nothing.

He asked me quietly.

"Then go. I'll leave the rest to the palace."

"Let me treat you."

"In what capacity."

The one who made Aria this far.

If you're going to shake it off, you shouldn't show this contradiction.

"You're still a baby."

Speaking calmly, he slowly headed to the window.

Then he spoke quietly.

"Do you know how Jim's wife and Aria's biological mother met Jim?"

I looked at him in silence at the words.

"Well."

"Aria's biological mother, as you know, is a Sioux. Fox Su-in."

That's what you can tell by the ears that sprout on Aria's head.

"Among the foxes, the Aryan race is a little unique."

Speaking calmly, he locked the window.

"Unusual?"

"Ninetail. Have you heard of it?"

"Ninetail..."

While I was talking, I remembered one thing in my memory.

My wife? Who do you think it is?

He said, having a rip-off the hook.

The insider has already made a turn. die early and sulk I had a chronic disease. That's for me, too.

He seems to have died because of his mental illness.

"The luggage."

Speaking calmly, he approached Aria this time.

"Aria's biological mother was the scariest of all wives."

Four nights...

Then he took a small necklace out of his arms, hung it around Arias' neck, and headed toward the door.

"What's that... ..."

"It's your fault for giving Aria room. Jim must have warned me."

To shake it off. Make sure to shake it off.

Shake it off before the other person's heart grows bigger. Don't give me any room.

"You. You had a little bit of a heart left for Arya."

I get up from my seat feeling anxious.

But toward the door, he said, leaving me behind and leaving the room.

"For reference, women's nine-tail is never seen except for their tails. Cheer up."

Click!

"Your Majesty?"

Why didn't I think about it?

Nine-tail.

If Arya is really a Ninetail...

"Huh?"

Reflectively trying to get away from Arya.

The blue-green hair began to shine brilliantly in the moonlight.

At the same time, Aria's eyes, which had been asleep as if she had closed her eyes, opened.

His eyes looked differently purple than before.

"Flower..."... my lady?

Confused, I tried to step back, but she held my hand and wouldn't let me go.

At the same time, he woke up slowly as if it was normal that he had been sick a while ago, and looked up at me, sitting giddily on the bed.

"Ev...Evie... sir."

I was about to move away from her with that subtly changed voice.

She took a small silver dagger out of her arms and stabbed it straight into her heart.

Crying!!!

The movement was almost reflexively followed.

I penetrated her sword in a flash and stared at her with an angry face.

"What's this......huh?!!"

at the same time

When she dug into her and snatched my shoulder, she overpowered me with an unprecedented body movement and lay me on the bed before getting on.

Just as I was about to wake up in an instant, something fluffy, soft, and turquoise caught my arm and stuck it in bed.

The sheer force was not in the normal category.

And

She covered my mouth with her lips without regret.

"Huh? Huh?"

I struggled to lose strength in an instant, but she remained adamant.

After a moment of Seol-yook and Seol-yook intertwined, she licked the saliva on her lips with her tongue and said quietly.

"You're the bad one. Why do you keep picking it up and down?"

His way of speaking has changed.

I can resist as much as I can if I give you strength.

If you gave her the wrong power, she could have been hurt.

"But I don't blame you. My original personality respects your choice to the utmost. I don't think I'm going to miss the food like that."

With a grin, she gleamed her eyes in the same way.

The purple-colored woman quietly fiddled with the necklace around her neck, flashing her eyes.

"Prince. Do you know what this is?"

"Hwangnyeo. What are you doing?"

"Artifices that sealed the instincts of our species, Artifacts designed to prevent this from happening."

So

It is my sound that woke up the instinct of Aria, who had been asleep.

I induced this situation to her short answer.

I realized that it was the will of the damn emperor.

Well, yeah, first of all, you have to take responsibility.

You.

I glared at Percerk and she said to me with only her shoulders shrugged.

Davey, you're not complete yet, are you? The curse is perfect, and it has great magical resistance. By the way.

You can't stop them, can you?

"Hmm..."

A person of special ability is another thing.

And Ninetail...

group of talents who continue their careers in Thionis

And what does Nine Tails have?

an opponent's rut

As blood began to flow into my head, I began to lose control of my strength without realizing it.

"If you're going to leave, you can leave."

I began to give my strength slowly to escape her calmness.

"But the rest of the future for Nine Tails, who were abandoned by their opponents."

Only death.

The men's nine-tailers. And the female Nine Tails.

In other words, the number of species is not for nothing compared to the characteristics of the species.

"You think he left me alone because he didn't know why you refused me?"

"Don't do anything to regret, dusk. I can't afford to give my heart to the dusk."

"Lie. You don't have one, do you? That's all I need."

She gave me a strange smile.

"If you can't, just leave me. If there's really no room for you to accept me."

Damn it.

Speaking calmly, she unbuttoned one of my clothes.

"My tail showed you. You know what it means to have a tail that's first seen to the opposite sex since the Nine Tails came of age, right?"

an eternal vow of subordination

"The reason you rejected me. Because she's too young, right? By your standards, a girl who isn't even 20 years old still looks young."

The harsh excitement of the flesh began to vibrate around.

It's not that the scent has spread. As blood started to flow to the head and excitement, the senses began to be extremely amplified.

I opened my eyes to the question.

The fact has never been told to anyone. If you're the only one. You can read my memory...

At that time, when I stared at Persehrk, who was crazy, she whistled lightly and avoided her eyes.

How the hell? When else?

Hongdan and I will never see her except Chengdan...

[Davie, can I borrow Hongdan?]]

I'll take you to the Empire.]

[Invitation of the Empire of Lower Lindis...]

Got afflicted.

It wasn't a playground for Emperor Deord.

How many people participated?

I stared at Perserk with my eyes wide open, but she just smiled bitterly and said nothing.

Have a good time.

With her usual gentle smile, she disappeared after waving her hands.

I looked up at her with a blank face, exhausted from the despondency.

"Choose. If you want to live your way, I'll live my way. Of course, it's none of your business. I just have to disappear quietly after being rejected."

She was frankly frightened to say that she was going to die.

I slowly loosened my fist that had been held by her actions were completely different.

I know she's not lying.

And even in this situation, I don't want her to die.

"Tum... ...Let's negotiate. The Yellow Lady."

"Negotiation? This is the only negotiation between you and me."

She said so, slapping my heart with a strange touch.

"It doesn't hurt. You'll feel good. Body negotiations are intense and intense. Don't be scared. I'll just hold hands and sleep."

I don't think that's what you're saying.

Overpowering the mental system of a person with special abilities can surely lead to immunity.

I was helplessly exposed to her ability.

Perhaps, as people around her said, I was attracted to her a little, very little without realizing it.

"I'm abstaining because of someone. Damn it."

I looked up at Arya after a short murmur.

"The Yellow Lady."

"Huh?"

"Look over there."

She looked away suspiciously as I nodded.

Deep down!

At the same time, I deftly untangled the tail that had overpowered my arm and quickly pointed at her blood.

Her body collapsed and the great power that had overpowered me disappeared.

"......"

After putting her to sleep with the blood transfusion, she was put under control.

Looking at her silent fall, I slowly held her in my arms and laid her on the bed, and my long tail popped out to tidy up the messy skirt.

Then he looked at the gradually diminishing blue-green tail and buttoned her top and spoke quietly.

"My karma..."

Business has piled up.

Even if you don't have experience, it's not true.

In the end, he didn't have a heart, so he caused this situation.

Davey.

"You be quiet. I'm doing this because of someone."

In an angry voice, I retorted and she stepped back.

Don't forget. Davey, she's a dead woman. I can't hold you in my arms.

"You want to revive me?"

I must have forgotten, but I'm a black wizard, too. It's also the top black wizard of 9 circles.

Bringing you back to life.

It's not difficult, you punk.

You shouldn't bring me back. The resurrection of the simple mah people... ...as the devil...

"It's noisy, I judge."

With a short murmur, I immediately opened the door and looked at Emperor Deport, standing silent at the door.

Then he took out a brooch he didn't know when it was in and said,

"Promise Wedding."

"Have you made your decision? You're so stubborn as she said."

"It's just a few people's fears."

He chuckled at my question.

"Well, that's the answer, seeing how many people are around you."

"Is everything a premeditated fear?"

"That's not true. His promise to the warrior was true."

He had a very satisfactory face.