271 # 271

The Manreb hero is coming back!

11 volumes and 20 episodes

"Ah..."

Aria, who came to her senses with a blank voice, disappeared her purple eyes and her glowing hair.

She returned to her original small, small figure.

"Are you out of your mind?"

She turned her head to me, shaking at my head to me.

"De......Prince Evie?"

"Do you remember what happened the day before?"

When asked indifferently with her pulse, she gave a faint look of exclamation.

"I'm sorry... I told you I wouldn't show up in front of you... ..because I fell down..."

From her answer, I could realize that she had no memory of instinctive awakening.

"Huh..."

It was then.

Suddenly, Aria, who was lying down, began to sob.

She shook her eyes with one hand covering her eyes and said in a tearful voice.

"I'm sorry... I shouldn't cry... just...I guess I was just excited."

I kept looking at her in silence as she was crying.

"When I first heard that you were engaged to a prince. Oh, my God, I was as happy as if I had received a surprise gift. You don't even think about the prince."

I patted her on the head without a word for her crying behavior.

"I just... I just wanted to get a little closer... ...and I guess I was too hasty."

Hardened by this, she slowly looked up.

"I'm sorry."

I rose quietly from my seat at her words.

"Make sure to take the prescribed medicine."

"Yes..."

"And the engagement ceremony will be held."

She flinched at my words.

"However, we don't know much about each other."

She looked up at me with her eyes wide open at my words.

"So let's make all the decisions when she turns 20."

She doesn't know much about me, nor do I.

"But first of all, you don't have to be too afraid to come to me. Let's start with a friend."

Her eyes trembled as she stroked her hair again.

"I look forward to your kind cooperation. The Yellow Lady."

She burst into tears at my smile.

Because I didn't mean to. There was nothing to hide, so there was no resistance.

I couldn't deny that I felt weak with that smile and crying.

* * *

Gosh, geez! Boom!

A huge door opened and closed, revealing the interior space.

Even if the meeting at the banquet hall was canceled, there was no reason to insist on the banquet hall.

"May the Empire's twin dragons be honored."

I glanced over the people inside the private office, greeting them with an ostentatious appearance.

Emperor Deort, who sits on the throne of the Emperor, and Prince Albert by his side.

And Lord Catherine with him.

Finally, there were five different parties.

A girl with a bright impression of courtesy and a man with a cold impression.

And two boys and girls who still look young.

lastly

She was a white-haired woman with a gray mask covering her face.

Your hair turned whiter.

Persec wondered when he looked at the head of the warrior Reina.

'There's not much life left.'

She is the only one in the world that the power of abyss does not work.

But when she tried to escape from me in the kingdom of Voltiz.

The presence that sent her here once showed me her life.

So

I had seen the truth that no one knew.

Leaving behind those who watched me silently in my appearance, I spoke quietly to Emperor Deord.

We should distinguish between private and public. Even more so if it's someone who's building a friendship.

"Let's have an old game."

He slightly frowned at my words.

"Prince David."

"Do you want me to break the palace?"

He is silent about what I say.

Prince Albert and Prince Catherine, embarrassed. Others looked surprised.

"Okay, I'll give you a game. But this time, it won't be the same as before."

Instead of answering silently, I glanced at Olde's words that Albus prepared.

"I'm going to stop letting it go."

Bam!!!

"Umm... "

He looked a little embarrassed at the way he started to attack in a completely different way.

And

The silence of Olde's progress made viewers freak out.

"Oh, my God... ..Your Majesty..."

"I never thought I'd be pushed this one-sided..."

Old is a strategy game.

It's similar to the previous one on Earth. Different strategies can be adopted in different ways.

from beginning to end

His eyes were frowned at the situation that he was dried up without even using his hands.

"I can't even touch it."

"You'll lose next time."

"I'll give you a move, but."

"That's the seventh time I've said that."

I came to see the warriors, but I completely ignored them.

Nevertheless, things were going my way.

[Excuse me, Eshilt, is that Prince Davy of Hines.]

[You look young] Don't you think she's about the same age as Loyna?]

That's great...... but nothing is intimidated by the Emperor's presence.

There's a rumor that you're a very talented young man. It's famous in Sungguk, too. A saint who downloaded the only stigma on the continent... ..and the candidates of the saints praised her.]

It's a very whispering sound, but is there anyone who can't hear it in the first place?

"Ha... ..I lost my luggage. I lost. I'm completely swept."

Eventually, the last monarchial term worked, and he withdrew with a crane.

"Yes, this time I'll do what you want."

His words made me smile without hesitation.

A ball is a ball, a living thing.

"Let's have a fight."

He flinched at my words.

"Prince Davy..."

"Your Majesty, please give me direct orders. I won't hold a book under any circumstances."

"Are you saying that you're going to beat your luggage up?"

The smile disappeared from my face at the question.

"Distinguish between public and private."

"Then..."

"I can't take it personally..."

"Poof..."

Eventually, things broke out.

The little boy who was watching the situation from afar burst into laughter.

Of course, Albus did not stay still as the seat was taken.

"Did you dare to laugh at the Emperor?"

"I'm...I'

Emperor Deord reached out to the act of bending in surprise.

"That's enough. Jim's foolish not to be an emperor. All right. Show me your power, what you've already done."

"Thank you for your consideration."

"Before that."

He turned his head away, disconnected.

Then Reina, who was standing silent, approached slowly.

Then he looked down at me.

"Nice to meet you. Prince Davey. It's Reina."

He spoke in a very courteous manner, completely different from when he first met him.

In conclusion, they didn't recognize me.

There is nothing the same except for similar voices, faces, and basic body shapes, so it is hard to recognize.

Most of all, they can't tell who is in my body from who I am.

"It doesn't matter, though the warrior Reina said he was from a commoner. Jim was definitely able to detect disturbing movements early with the help of the warrior Reina, so he only allowed the two to meet under Jim's name."

"Well, is this public?"

"It's private."

"Then let's go my way. Nice to meet you. He's a recognized warrior from the Holy Land."

"Yes... ...but not enough of a title."

Do they know that they are the difference that van grace brings?

The same was true of others, as was the case with others.

"For starters, forgive your rudeness."

In short, she slowly raised her head.

"The resurrection of the Devil is imminent. As a result, the most dangerous of the Ma king's aides who were affected by it began to be reborn."

Speaking calmly, she clenched her fist.

"When he is resurrected and the devil is resurrected... the continent will be filled with the embers of war. I'll be late then."

Katherine smiled a little awkwardly at the convincing remark.

"The devil and the devil's confidant. It's like a fairy tale out of the blue."

As she said, it's hard for an average person to believe.

But just because she's a warrior, she already has enough persuasion.

The existence of a warrior is a savior that can exist only when there is a great deficit.

In the end, the reason for her existence was the same as the fact that the existence of the king was established.

"Who is the most dangerous?" The King of the Immortals."

I could recall from my memory one being by her title.

"Invited Richie, Knicks."

My muttering changed the atmosphere around me.

Reina, who was speaking, turned her head toward me, and others looked a little questionable.

"I know... you were there?"

"......"

Surely there is a possibility of him.

His army reaches tens of thousands, and his breath is the breath of death.

The great dragon that arose according to his will roars death.

When the roar reached the ground.

Only death, fear, and hatred will remain.

"His seal will slowly come loose soon. There's no answer when his seal is released. So... ..you have to destroy him completely before the seal is released."

I asked heartily what she said.

"Destroy him... ..what are you going to do?"

"Before his seal is unsealed... he will head to where he was sealed. From there. I'll unseal him and stop him from coming out."

I could feel a sigh coming out of her words.

I mean, I think it means the one who's already sealed is going to kill him before he wakes up again.

"Hey, warrior."

"...why...why?"

"Do you know what the first Rich Knicks can do?"

"That's it... the King of the Dead... ..the rule of all the dead..."

"Really? The rule of the dead..."

I asked, speaking calmly.

"So. What do you want from me?"

"Your power... ...we need the Neptune and your protective items."

I won't ask for your help even if I die soon.

It was just a laugh.

"You're going to die a dog."

"That's our judgment. We never lose."

Her words made me nod my head quietly.

"Yeah, do whatever you want."

If it could be a salvation for you...

Saying so, I looked at the activated status window in front of me without a word.

[Last salvation to the poor full of pain]

[First release of the restriction on the seal of bond upon redemption.]

[Unsealing 1 subspace special grade item.]

This side just happens to be a little interesting.

two rewards

This much compensation would mean that this is not light from the point of view of the given Priya.

That's what I'm saying.

It's really time to unseal the seal that Sert and Hares sealed.

Furthermore, his quick birth would mean that the power of simple maids, vampires, and black magicians was not mixed.

If it's something you can think of now...