275 # 275

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 24 of the 11th

[Correct]

Soon after a short silence, a faint voice came out.

That's the play!!!

At the same time, the inner shape of the cave began to change, and the open road was blocked, and the closed wall was opened.

What you just did you know...

"A test for wisdom. There are other things like courage and cooperation."

Does it really mean anything?

I can't believe you got the answer without even listening to the question. What if it was the wrong answer?

To her question, I raised my finger quietly and pointed to the ceiling.

Ceiling?

"I'll just sit down cool."

Originally, the person who answers the question explains the situation by blocking the retreat to make you nervous.

There are too many attempts I have experienced to hear each of those things.

Elaim and Lünne, the spirits of the water, were walking down the dark stairs, leaving them behind with strange facial expressions.

[Contractor.]

"Why?"

Did you say you were acquainted with Yuriana?]

"Yes."

She looked at the short answer with a look of incomprehension.

No, this is not the continent that Yuriana used to live on. And it's been more than a thousand years since she died.

"That's right. I didn't meet a living person."

Did you understand what I said in a different way?

She flinched.

Did you say anything else?]

"Do you want to hear what she said?"

She vehemently denied my question.

[Who......who said that?!]

"Get along well."

[What?]

The guy who followed me quickly stopped.

The expression is similar.

It felt like seeing a betrayed lover.

Was that... was it me? Really?]

"Yes."

Elaim said nothing. However, I lightly ignored her little grumbling in my ear as I was walking behind her.

[Bad girl......to the end......]

I wonder if he had walked a long time underground, which has been quiet since then.

I could soon see a two-pronged road.

Um... ...a fork in the road. Where's the answer?

When Persec said that one of the two was the true path, I took out a light-emitting artifact without hesitation and handed it to Lünne.

"Lune, go left. I'm going to the right."

Davey?

"Is this an important order? Lünne, if it's an order, do it without complaining."

"Don't look back and go forward. You trust me, right?"

His blue eyes glistened at my words.

"Accept command."

The short-answer soon walked into the left-hand street with a luminous artifact in his hand.

There was no hesitation in Lünne's move, although he did not tell me what traps were inside or what obstructions were there.

With the missing Lünne behind him.

I walked on the right side without hesitation.

It was then.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

A desperate scream of Lünne resounded.

This... this?!

Surprised, Persec looked at me.

Davy!! Lünne! It's Lünne's voice!

"D...Davie!!! G... ...help me!"

At the cry of desperation, Persek pulls my arm like a pig.

We have to go save her!!

"Leave it alone."

What?

She frowned as if my words had disappeared. When I pointed at the back, the wall came down quickly and prevented me from returning.

What is this...

At such a cry, I patted on the wall, which was silent.

The scream is starting to annoy me.

"Let's skip quickly."

Whoop.

I took a short breath and hit the wall.

Loud rumbling!!!

At the same time, the wall, which had been tightly blocked, began to collapse, and an unexpected person walked out from the other side.

"Davie, you're safe."

Lünne, who spoke briefly and sprinted up, looked up at me.

"Confirm that you're safe. Davey, I've checked the link with Lünne."

"Yes."

What... what is this?

It's definitely Lünne who left the other way than me.

I heard his desperate scream in the middle.

Why does he come out when he broke the wall in front of him?

The answer itself was simple.

"Surt is a clever fellow. It's no good to be out there, but it's supposed to collapse if you just break the device."

Warning statements must exist.

You're supposed to hear the warning when you get the question right.

There was no way he could have been heard separately since he omitted the process and prevented him from saying useless things.

The test itself is a test of courage and cooperation.

The key is how well we work together in a situation where our minds are shaken.

"That's a narrow-minded test."

I feel it every time, but it's normal not to notice this.

Ring, ring, ring!

It was not long before one side of the wall of the point where I met Lünne opened and the last passage was revealed.

As I walked slowly into it, I felt something in the dark place.

There's no way you can't see in the dark.

It was natural that darkness did not work for Lünne or King Spirit, who could even detect heat on their own, as well as for me, who was familiar with darkness, or me with a command.

Davey, we've discovered a new life. I'm putting pressure on you.

"Let it go."

He tilted his head a little at what I said.

"Lune, I don't understand. Ask for an explanation."

"That's a lie."

I passed the monster and looked up at the ceiling.

"What generation are you?"

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

At the same time as I say.

Two yellow lights flashed on the black ceiling from the sky.

They were none other than amber eyes.

You're a warm-alligator.

A few gentle monsters with a life span of 500 years.

However, it is a dangerous species that is extremely angry when its nest is robbed.

It's almost an extinct species of monster on the continent right now.

The danger that comes out when he is angry is greater than imagined.

It's rolling...

I stretched out my hand slowly as I saw him approaching with a low cry of the enemy.

He then released a large number of Command Manas.

[7 Circle]

[Out of fluid]

Boom!!

With a heavy sound, the worm-aligator's body was twisted once loudly.

"Wait? One more time."

Boom!!!

No matter how many times a warm allegator has been hit by seven circles of magic.

In the end, I passed by his body lightly as I was watching his giant body collapse as if it had been encroached by out-of-body magic.

Then he tapped the small altar behind his nest and activated Manna.

"Let's hide it to the end."

Whooooooooooh!!!

At the same time, a huge light burst out, the floor with nothing twisted and a huge altar began to be revealed.

What lies on the altar is.

It's none other than insignificant. It was a visible object.

But that was enough. It was made by Surt to kill only one person in the first place, and it was buried for a long time.

* * *

There is no reason to maintain this place anymore once it has been recovered from the hidden dungeon beneath the lake.

Therefore, I decided to erase all traces of the cart rather than leave a trace.

Do you have any regrets?]

"Break it all."

Elaim raised his hand in silence at my words.

At the same time, a light wave occurred and the ground shook briefly.

I destroyed the door to the dungeon. No one will be able to get in there anymore.]

"Yes."

I'm going back. I can't keep being summoned here.]

As a result, I was worried about my spirit mana.

[Tw... Don't be ridiculous!]

When I laughed at the consideration, Elaime shouted with a red face and scattered in drops of water.

After Elime disappeared, I could see Lünne on her shoulder, full of six pieces of armour Troll in a bag I didn't know when she had brought it.

"Do you really want to eat it?"

"Lune, new palate data, very satisfying. Dried jerky, not bad. Sample collection, which is highly valued."

It won't taste good.

He doesn't believe what he says.

I thought I'd have to taste it myself to believe it.

When I finished organizing the dungeon, I immediately gave up my index finger and thumb.

Warp magic is convenient.

However, it can be very dangerous if the exact location cannot be specified.

Besides, unlike where I am, the place I am going to go now is not a good place to use simple warp magic.

Beep!

The air began to twist with a beep as the index finger and thumb rolled up and whistled quickly in their mouths.

It was none other than the masterpiece fire chicken, one of the two deities I had left to stabilize the monster in the "Hyun" soup.

Gosh, geez, geez, geez, geez!

The boy, who appeared beyond the gates of a huge fire burning in the air, made a strong cry, revealing his presence.

"Come down."

Of course, this side is also busy to match his emotions.

Crying...

The roaring fire chicken came down like a shot when he heard me and soon pushed his beak into my hand.

"......"

Did he think it didn't work well?

I touched his stomach and said, "I had a big smile on my face because he turned my stomach upside down and laid me down."

"You want to fly, don't you?"

"Huh?

It`s time to fly excitedly. Fire chicken."

My words began to sparkle in his eyes.

Birds with wings must fly in the sky.

It must have been frustrating that he had been tied up in one place.

When I saw the guy jumping up and flapping his wings, I pushed my hand into Lünne's armpits, hugged him, and hit the floor lightly.

"Davie, it's not pleasant to treat Lünne as a child."

Then, struggling, he fell from me, and rushed straight to the back of the fire chicken.

What the hell?!

It was then.

The roaring fire chicken staggered as soon as Lünne got on board.

Oh... ..Lünne's weight is not normal.

Golem is golem.

The fire rooster didn't know that the little silver-haired girl weighed more than 200 kilograms.

However, I felt as if I was seeing a child with strong self-esteem, and the behavior of a man who held on with his strength could not be turned ugly because of his pride.

Without a word, he hugged Lünne from behind and rode on the back of the fire chicken.

Foolishly, the fighters are determined to prevent the Knicks from unsealing and destroy him.

Yeah, Reyna could do it.

It is true that the others are talented for their age.

If there is a great master of Catherine, who was called one of the strongest fighters on the continent, there will be no big difficulties.

But you know.

I know best that the invitation Rich Knicks are not easy enough to be classified as a simple global target.

It's not that it's difficult.

on the annoying side

On the contrary, Reyna was much weaker than Katherine in terms of her current abilities.

Still, the reason she is possible.

She's...

He is expressing his power in exchange for his remaining life.

If she's dying, and she's burning her life to the ground when there's not much time left to live.

Burn all life with a spirit of homogeneity when trouble arises.

Then she'll become a real warrior. It may be able to prevent danger.

As a temporary measure.

The problem was that I didn't want it.

Because you have something in mind for her?

full of justice

It's all wrong.

It's my personal greed to let her do what she wants.

So it didn't pay off on my side by side.

The Knicks completely perish on this occasion.

And

I had to save him at least by punching him on the top of the head of the fierce warrior who wanted to die of his will and not be rewarded.

So...

You can win two rewards.

The lifting of subspace's transcendental class of objects was an important issue for me, unlike the jade where neither material nor ability was known.

Furthermore, if the abyss is intertwined, it is necessary to take this opportunity to get information about it and drive away the abyss, which is making strange attempts on the land where the abyss lives.

"Let's go. There's no deal as good as this one, and there's no one with a good stake in it."

"Lünne, it's analyzed that Davy is a last-minute specialist."

I don't mean to deny the word.

We'll do the hard work over there.

I'll eat the last one.

We live together.

It's a win-win.

I'm just taking advantage of that fact. Soon the wings of the fire rooster fluttered slowly.

Two boom!

At the same time, the flames, which had been burning as if a signal was detonating, suddenly intensified firepower, and the surrounding background turned into a distant sky from the forest.

Sonic boom?

It's not that difficult for a determined rookie.