276 # 276

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 25 of the Eleventh Book

95. See? What did I tell you?

"I'm warning you."

It'll be a dog's death.

The boy's warning with a calm face was not forgotten in his head.

The boy's insight was more than he thought.

"Laina, don't you have a appetite?"

Layna, who was silent with beef jerky in her hand, suddenly looked up at the male figure, Bendik, who was looking at her.

"Yes... I'm sorry. Vendique."

"Tell me anytime if you're having a hard time. I'll help you."

"Yes..."

"My life is yours."

"Bendique, that's... ..."

"That's what you are to me, who saved me when I was on the verge of death. My life is in debt to you, and I always pay it back."

Reina laughed over the mask at the words of Suin man Bendik.

"Maybe... it was okay."

"Hmm?"

"It's nothing."

Sparefully speaking, she gently rubbed the surface of the mask with her hands and bowed her head.

Used.

Frankly speaking, Raina did.

She is from the future to the past, beyond parallel lines.

That's why she couldn't generally live the same way as others.

How long has she been here? It wasn't that long.

Honestly, when I first came here as a parallel line and a past.

She thought so.

Why is this hell happening again?

But I could have thought the other way around.

If you know the future.

I can stop it.

Surprisingly, the reality was a little different from what she knew, but the overall flow itself was moving exactly the same.

When she woke up, most of her strength was lost.

No one came with him, and there was only a sword in his hand where the self he had endured to the end with himself collapsed, and a mask covering his face.

That was enough.

You can gather your colleagues again. You can grow your strength again.

She judged the situation coldly and strongly.

Everything available had to be used.

They made a deal over a existence that no one believed and had no reason to take the back of their heads as easily as possible.

She had two kinds of prohibitions.

First, never reveal your truth unless you are a stray from the course of fate.

Second, never face yourself here.

There is only one conclusion that will be made when we face each other. There is only one death between the two.

In conclusion, she was unable to use her position, so she first met with Bendik in the East.

At least at this point she had heard that he had been sacked by the Information Guild.

He will survive without having to touch it. She pretends to save such a Bendik. He reached out his hand and attracted him to the ally.

If Bendik knew, it would be unbearable, but she had no choice.

Then, after pretending to help him, he immediately headed to the Holy Land, where he cleverly used his sword and used the falsehood of his dream to make him recognized as a hero.

It wasn't that difficult to make a position of just being a warrior.

"The Savior awaits the Desperate..."

Reina, who was muttering quietly, laughed over the mask.

This is not the world she knew.

The Necromancer, who rose from the Palan Empire, was defeated early in the hands of the Union.

The small kingdoms under the Lindis Empire, the Loun Kingdom and the Boltis Kingdom, were not pulled by the Cold War and fierce battles of many other countries.

Here, he pulled up the awakening of the new sword faster than he thought.

The Elfra is a force that is the enemy of mankind, and it is moving as an ally here.

Both candidates for the Holy Land, who should have died, are alive and well.

Most surprising of all.

It was the main character of a rumor, whether he existed or not.

the sole saint

At least in the memory that Reina knew, his presence did not exist.

Those who are good at it naturally have to stand out.

However, it was definitely different when I remembered the saint I saw here and his life in the world. The boy could not even know if he existed in the world she lived in.

That's why I couldn't believe it the most.

"There can't be redemption..."

Mumbling so that no one could hear her, she soon slowly rose from her seat as if she had lost interest in the meal.

If salvation really existed.

Her presence wouldn't have been so distorted.

So whatever it is, revenge and self-sacrifice will be achieved.

Lack of strength?

So, didn't you come here before the first Richie Knicks unsealed?

You're not ready?

It was helped by the Grand Duke Catherine and helped by Prince Davy.

The saint of the Loun Kingdom was honestly so clean that it was hard to believe.

What the hell is he? I don't know what makes you look at yourself so much.

Her eyes, full of great pity, were honestly of a color that she could not bear.

"Bendique, please find the vessel so that Lord Catherine can leave as soon as she gets here. I'll be checking the equipment."

When she heard Reina's words, Bendik quietly stood up and disappeared, and she stroked the face of a cloth-stacked sword.

Now he has lost his simple polymorphic magic and has become a sword that simply releases twisted divinity.

The only companion in her arms was none other than this sword, even when she was desperately crying for help.

"I have to finish it now. Caldiras, hang in there a little longer."

Looking at the scenery beyond the mask without a word, she suddenly realized that the air outside was strange.

The noisy coastal city is definitely a noisy one.

The noise that we hear now was not the conversation of people buying and selling goods.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

a desperate scream the roar of terror-stricken people

Reina jumped out of her seat and immediately unrolled the cloth surrounding Caldiras and quickly ran out of the hotel.

PING!!!

"This is... what..."

At the same time, hundreds of thousands of fire arrows began to hit the city in the sky seen in her sight.

* * *

a sudden attack of something unidentified

Screams are everywhere.

Looking at the rain-like arrows pouring from the sky, Reina realized that she could no longer delay and held her sword firmly.

Then he drew his strength and swung the sword at the arrows pouring from the sky.

[Serious Prosecutor]

[In heaven and earth]

Ugh!!

A sword with an overwhelming weight is released and a huge wind pressure occurs.

At the same time, the crude firecrackers that had been poured from the sky lost a considerable amount of power and broke down in the air at one stroke of the sword she released.

Boom! Boom!

Without stopping there, Reina repeatedly wielded a black-and-white mixed of flames.

Like a top spinning. The black-and-white flames of black-and-white flames flew into the air without stopping and smashed all the arrows.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Breathing roughly, she was soon able to see small monsters pushing in from the shore.

Scouts made up of small Goblin troops must look like a muck, but they're normal.

Surprisingly, these goblin protect the vital parts of the body with metal armor, and their movements were much smarter and more agile than normal goblin.

Flaming!!!!!!

Stopping one arrow bombardment, Reina began to take a step in the opposite direction of the residents of the coastal city of Valkas, screaming and fleeing.

Then he moved faster and began to attack the Goblin who attacked the city.

The looting of wild goblin has begun.

It wasn't.

Their infiltration route was strictly to the coast.

What it takes for Goblin, who can't swim, to push into the shore.

a ship of no other description

Even if Goblin were usually clever, they were too intelligent to wear such armor, ride ships with luxurious weapons, and loot.

However, the reality is in sight.

Hundreds and thousands of goblin pop in.

Some of the goblin's young boys and girls were already caught in the coastal city of Valkas and dragged into their ships.

"Mom!!Mom!!"

"Help me!"

The scene of Valcas, which quickly became an abyss, was hell itself.

It is a small city that was originally peaceful.

There was no monster nearby, so the soldiers were inexperienced, and the king of the city state of Valkas did not significantly increase national power, judging that no one was attacking them, either.

That was the biggest problem.

The Goblin have been attacking this place, as evidenced by the fact that there is no such thing as absolute.

Oh, my God's way!

To make matters worse, large-sized monsters began to be seen over the huge ships that had been pushed into the harbor.

They were none other than trolls and hobgoblin, which are called synonymous with resilience.

Ouger, a giant monster that can easily be more than five meters behind the men wielding a huge weapon, was also seen.

"Raina!!"

Then Bendik, who had left to look for the ship, rushed to her.

"Bendique......what the hell..."

"I don't know. Ships that don't know where they came from continue to ram into the harbor. Monsters keep pouring out of there."

At this point, you can't know unless you're a fool.

an attack on somebody's head

It's a great attack.

Uh-huh.

And

As if knowing the situation, the sky began to darken and red stars began to rise.

At the same time, she was embarrassed by the monster's attack, which kept her calm.

"Oh... no... ..I can't... I can't... I can't... I can't... I can't let it go."

Move something fast. It's not the same world as her in the first place, so there's no guarantee that the ceremony will be held at the same time. It was too fast.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Mom!!Mom!!"

children bursting into tears There is also a child hugging his dead mother and sobbing.

The number was reduced to some extent immediately due to the random cut-off, but the fact that they would come again remained unchanged.

"No... ...if you don't stop me right now..."

She, who was murmuring confusedly, looked around anxiously.

If asked to leave immediately, there will be time to prevent the release of the original Richie Knicks' seal.

However, what happens here the moment they leave.

With hundreds and thousands of monsters attacking the main camp, Reina had to make a difficult choice.

Throw it all away. Or just watch the Knicks unseal.

She was about to shout something after agonizing over it.

Yay! Yay! Yeez, geez, geez!

There was a tremendous cry from the sky that gave off an enormous presence that had never been heard before.

at the same time

Hundreds of burning fireballs began to fall in unison over the blackened sky.

At the same time, Raina could see a troll approaching her soon being caught in the hands of a large metal golem and stuck to the ground.

"What the hell is this?"

The giant metal golem, which flashed a blue lining and crushed the head of a troll, slowly looked up and found Layna and turned away.

Then he muttered as if he were communicating with someone somewhere.

[Fulfilling orders] I'm sending a Decepticon squadron. exterminate monsters.]