274 # 274

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the 11th book

physiological disgust

Lünne, who is away from such common-sense behavior that humans usually feel disgusted when they see polyps like cockroaches, certainly has an ego, but it was different from humans.

It's okay to say that you're already human from the point of feeling, but since the body itself is filled with semi-life and semi-machine, wouldn't it be okay to see Lünne as a golem or a cyborg concept?

Unfortunately, she seemed to be unable to give up her lingering feelings even though I said I wouldn't.

He's not a human but a golem, so he plays on a different axis in a basic range of disgust.

No wonder he trampled on the giant centipede barefoot and cried for praise.

"Davie, is this monster named Troll?"

"Yeah, Troll. It looks like an arm troll, not just a troll."

It is a tricky species whose skin is as hard as stone.

They are basically slower than regular trolls, but they are also difficult to be solid.

Fortunately, the population of these animals is extremely small compared to ordinary trolls, so they have never been a threat to human history.

"Quick analysis and links. Life being analyzed by multiple trolls is detected nearby."

As soon as his words were over, numerous trolls began to appear with broken trees everywhere.

Ging...

In response, Lünne picked up the light saver and sent me an eye.

"Davie, Lünne, clean up."

"No, I'll waste my time if I take care of it one by one. You said the destination was a lake."

Then the time has come to stir up the water-friendly guy.

"Answer the call."

[Moving.]

Slurping!!!

At the same time, moisture from the wet forest gathered in the air in front of me and began to form a shape of a woman made of water.

[Again! Again! Strange name!] Don't call me that way!]

I pointed to the trolls without a word in the defense of Elaim, the Spirit of Water, who was very angry.

"Let's get this straight."

She shouted again with a face full of discontent at my words.

[Ha! If you knew I'd listen to you, you'd be wrong...]

"If you don't want to, I won't make you do it. Let's see, the lightning spirit summoning..."

[I'll do it!] You can do it!]

She clapped her tongue in spite of the evil spirit.

She is the Spirit of Water king whom my teacher, Queen Euryana, signed.

And she had an unusual battle of lightning spirits and pride.

Trolls began to roar indignantly at her behavior, which was raising their spirits with evil.

As a result, Elaim's expression cooled down.

It was angry that I was made fun of, but Danny Troll even screamed and thought he ignored him.

[Boldly, who are you in front of?]]

However, it is clear that even if Elaim is gentle, he does not tolerate those who reveal it to the King of Spirits.

Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

I hear something moving in the water moving.

at the same time

The dozens of trolls who surrounded Lünne and me.

It became a mummy and collapsed as if it had lost moisture for a moment.

It's... it's...

Blood is water after all.

No matter how good the regenerative power is, the Troll lost all the blood of the blood vessels that will move the nutrients.

Regeneration, failure, and death are inevitable.

* * *

The Tionis continent is different from the Earth in many ways.

Like this forest where I am now, there are many places where monsters are crowded because the border area has not yet been developed.

Of course, there are many such cases besides the border area.

an area beyond human reach

Coming out and Lünne remained uniformly relaxed as they passed a forest full of trees of enormous size that looked tens or hundreds of times the length of humans.

"Davie, it's impossible to tell whether it's a pig or a troll if you make it up over the top."

He turns around me with no expression and says,

"I'll make it for you later."

"Davie's quick decision. Lünne is satisfied."

Only then did he feel satisfied, but he stepped back.

I mean, he doesn't need the restaurant business, he doesn't need anything, and he's interested in the taste data he likes so much, so he's interested in eating something that looks delicious.

You're eating trolls?

"But a troll is a pretty humane double."

Is there anything you can't eat to survive?

A picky eater cannot survive.

[Wait.]

Elaim, who had taken the lead in making all the trolls attacking us mummified, raised his liquid arm and blocked me.

Nevertheless, the blood he extracted from the troll moved neatly and did not stop rushing into the bottle that I had opened.

Since it is about the King of Spirits, it is possible to subdue the troll without any injury, extract their blood and keep it so clean.

There is more to lose when collecting blood than you think.

In fact, dozens of glass bottles that were bigger than the palm of the hand were already able to come out when I put the blood of the troll at random.

This is all money.

If you hand it over to the mast, or if you hand it over to the upper chamber immediately, the blood of the upper troll like armtrol will be very expensive.

I look like Jjandol?

What does a rich man care so much?

No one is more at stake than a reckless rich man.

[That's a strange curtain] It's a fault.]

In Elaim's deterrence, I reached out quietly in the air space where there was nothing.

Thuung...

Then, with a clear sound, the invisible wall made light waves in contact with my hand.

"Good to see you."

It is not a conclusion that prevents physical access restrictions.

However, as soon as you enter, the fissure works.

"It's a flaw that shows the illusion of water flow and sends it out."

[You know it well]]

The 1,000-day-old Soute made a test gate to pick out the right person to take it while keeping the key.

The problem is that the difficulty was higher than expected.

You probably didn't think that the level gap between the wizards of the time and the current wizards would actually decrease.

As a result, it is a blessing in disguise that the difficulty has left many people unable to find the place.

"Let's go in."

I'm sure there's an intruder-proof fault.

Nevertheless, I walked away unhappily.

Then, he stood in front of a space believed to be a royal seal, rolled his right hand and blew out the steam.

"Now, we don't have to wait, so let's destroy this place."

[The Devil's Urgh Shredder]

[Divisional Power]

There is nothing more than this to break the deadlock momentarily by applying ignorant force.

They also chose an efficient and quiet destruction method because there was no reason to go in as loudly as there was when they destroyed the previous Elf village's forest system.

In an instant, a dark red air began to gather in my right hand.

For a moment, a flash of fists bent down the space.

Two boom!

There is definitely nothing in the space, but there is definitely something that exists.

After looking over the pieces of Manna collapsing in a devastating blow, I was able to move only after confirming that the large, solid, wide-spread solidity was completely crushed.

The interior of the forest with broken ties was not much different from before.

However, some kind of flow created by Manna had disappeared.

Smell of water. There are prices.

Elaim, who was taking the lead in organizing the amotrols ignorant, was strangely sulky as he could not see a monster from beyond the boundary.

As she said.

It doesn't take long to walk. In front of my eyes, a large lake that sparkles in the light appeared.

On the surface, the lake was so clear that many fish could be seen swimming in it.

"Davie, there's nothing here."

Lünne's question was perfectly natural.

However, if it had been blocked with just one set of strings, it would have been difficult for Surt to whine, saying, however, he would not have been complaining.

"Let's go in."

While looking inside the lake silently, I slowly moved, and Lünne picked up her skirt with her finger and walked lightly into the water.

The depth of the water is as deep as a man's heart.

That's not enough to reach Lünne.

"David's personality is underrated by Lünne..."

"If you don't like it, you just have to be tall."

"Very low."

I have no expression, but I can't erase the feeling of quite resentment.

I stopped and walked into the inside of the lake at the behavior of Lünne.

Then he turned his head and sang Elaim.

"Please."

[......I see.

Even with a strangely discontented face, Elaim soon created light and wrapped it around his body.

And

As soon as Elaim's power came out and Lünne was surrounded, I went into the water of the water, which only came to my waist.

He threw himself.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

at the same time

The ground where my feet had just touched became distorted for a moment, and the space in the area began to be completely twisted.

I'm sure the deepest part of the lake wasn't that deep.

As soon as I stepped in, the depth of the lake completely changed.

Ten meters has been transformed into a depth of water that could be as deep as possible.

I wrapped myself in Elime's waterdrop clothes and fell toward the floor, but I followed her without a word and left her looking around.

Then he slowly landed on the floor and touched one of the many rocks around him.

"Lune. The Savior of mankind."

At the same time as I said, Lünne walked up as if she had been waiting, made particles in one hand, and soon summoned Paru.

"Break it."

This place is no longer very meaningful.

Now the use of this space is complete.

* * *

The second is the liquidity crunch.

Generally, the durability of the scaffolding is weak, but its flexibility is good, unlike the rigid one, which maintains its shape no matter what the inside and outside.

This place has changed from a canyon to a lake over 3,000 years.

The place, where there was no water when the gyeolgye was first installed, was turned into a lake with water.

In addition, fluid-type nodules analyzed the area to hide the rocks that Rune had broken and created a fantasy that matched them.

It's shallow and revealing.

It was a picture of a lake with nothing.

Oh, my God... I didn't know there was this space. What the hell did the man do after she died?

Looking around the inside of the cave, which was filled with light green light, he murmured as if Persec was amazing.

Most of the remains, including those, were made after Persek was cut to death by Hares' sword Caldiras.

"Davie, the machine in front of you."

Lünne, who was shaking off my soft and dry clothes without getting a bite, blocked me and stopped me.

It's inside the cave.

This can't be the only test Surt has made.

"The engine... ...it's about time to come out."

I picked up the stone that fell on the floor without a word, or I threw it to the other side of the cave.

Slurping!!! Boom!!!

At the same time, a huge blade popped out of the wall where there was nothing, smashed the stone and crashed into the opposite wall.

"That's a hell of a firepower."

There are dozens and hundreds of such secret and strong traps installed.

Besides, the most dangerous thing is.

"Is Lünne breaking it?"

"No, it's designed to sink the entire cave if you break it wrong. Let it go."

She tilted her head at my words.

I can't just ignore the engine. But if you break it down, the cave will collapse.

Does this make sense?

"Then how do we get through it?"

"We need to find the traps one by one, avoid them and break through them."

"Not possible."

I nodded at her words.

The mechanism is not alive or has manna.

So it's not easy to find.

"We need the original Spirit of Wind or the power of the Wizard..."

That's the only solution to the problem.

There is no reason for me to use that method.

"How could the cart that made this come and go freely?"

At what I said, Lünne shook her head as if she understood.

Whether the switch exists.

You don't have to touch anything that has no reason to touch it.

This is the historical site made by my teacher.

I am

"We've done it hundreds of times here. The engine's so powerful that it can take up some time."

That's the play!

Looking around the nearby wall, I soon lightly touched the smooth wall and pushed it in.

Then, inside, he tucked his arm over the hole without hesitation and twisted it.

Tuck!!!

at the same time

The traps that were being set up to get rid of me.

It stopped all at once.

I stopped him when Lünne tried to get inside the mechanism that had been solved in a flash.

Then he looked inside with a soft look.

It was then.

I heard a heavy and thick voice as if I had waited.

[Problem... ...prove it yourself, but never prove it...]

"Human."

[......]

"Right? Get out of the way. Don't get in the way."

I'm not a dungeon maker, so I have no choice but to break through the trap one by one. Because the Sures of those days don't know my existence.

But I'm just used to this place.

He handed me all the information here just in case.

Test?

I've seen what kind of guy I am but I don't know what to test.

As you may be familiar with, targeting a dolmen-style dungeon.

It's like this.