277 # 277

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 26 of the 11 books

The giant metal golem looked like a human being.

Rather than the large size unique to Golem, it was surprisingly sophisticated and agile to create a similar human form.

Crying! Crying!

With a grotesque sound, a giant saw in Golem's hand rotated itself and made a roar.

"Ah!"

Laina, who had been absent-minded, soon shouted reflexively at the sight of a giant ouger swinging his own huge metal hammer.

Of course,

It wasn't a golem to react to her yelling.

Whaaaaah!

Eventually, the upper body of Golem, which allowed a shot with a heavy roar, was bent.

No matter how good a golem is, there is a limit. If it's that shocking.

Perhaps the inner core was also shocked and destroyed.

Keying!!!

Only, it was her illusion.

From the hand of Golem, who was bending down, the saw turned bizarrely once again, jumped up and snatched Ouger's armor strongly.

"Oh, my goddammit!

Ouger, who was relaxed as if he thought he was going to die at once, struggled as if he was embarrassed by the more powerful force than he had expected.

However, the Golem of the blue Angwang said, "I don't know anything about that," and he brutally overthrew Ouger.

What kind of metal do you need to use to separate the Ouger with such strong skin, and the one wrapped in a hard armor without hesitation?

I couldn't keep my mouth shut at the absurd scene.

Reina thought it was rather an ignorant attack that she felt sorry for the monster.

Two bang!!!

A blue coal, which flew from a place that could not be seen as soon as the words were over, was seen tearing the wings of small-scale goils flying in the sky.

For a moment, I will be absentminded by the sudden appearance of Golem rescuing people and making monsters landfall.

While looking around, the boy wizard, Mercy, looked amazing.

"These flames, they're all harmless to humans..."

Common sense is that fire burns at high temperatures.

To explain this unidentified flame, which is beyond the natural laws of physics, it can only be considered a special magic flame, but the problem was that Manna could not be felt at all.

"Oh, my God... ...it's true."

Royna, a Crusader and avant-garde, brought her hand to the flames attached to the floor with a look of amazingness.

Far from being hot, I don't even feel anything.

However, if this was just an eye-dealing flame, it wasn't.

Argh!

These countless monsters who invaded the city screamed and rolled on the floor as soon as they were exposed to the flames, and they could see them burn.

The rain of fire falling from the sky seemed like a divine punishment angry at the world, but the target was limited to the monster who invaded it, not everyone.

Reina, who had been absent for a long time from the absurd situation, flinched at the cry of the male Vendik, who held her shoulder roughly.

"Wake up! It looks like the ones who know our movements have taken the initiative!"

"Yeah...I don't think so...I don't think so! It's still time for the army to get over..."

"That can't be true or not, it's real! Reina! Decide!"

Raina was silent at his cry.

a blackened sky

And a red star that gives you an ominous feeling.

How can I forget? The power of the super rich Knicks is immensely strong, affecting the surrounding environment.

His growing influence, which had long been sealed and raised hatred, also meant that his seal was soon to be broken.

"Are you going to protect the city? Or are you going to deal with him?"

Loyna, who cut off nearby monsters at his words, and Mercy, who magically supports them.

And Eshilt, who was treating the wounded with divine magic, turned his head and looked at her.

"If we revive, we can't stop him with our current power alone. We should be able to stop it. We can buy time again as a temporary measure."

However, how many people will die in the process?

What if we leave this place to stop the Knicks from unsealing?

It could be the best possible solution.

Some of the sacrifices here would be better than some of the continents flying.

However, her memory of not preventing the Knicks' resurrection was the result of the subsequent pouring of enemies.

And then this is the end of it, too. I started again to protect only one person, but I lost everyone again.

She staggered, clutching the mask with one hand.

She was disgusted by the terrible reality.

The door to hell, once experienced, is about to open again here.

The reality continued as if no matter how hard I tried, the future would not change.

She once failed to prevent the resurrection of the King's aides 3,000 years ago, starting with the first Rich Knicks.

As a result

At the first attack of the first successful resurrection of Rich Knicks, half of the East continent became a sea of fire in less than three months.

Just because he's strong?

It is true that he has a strong power, but those who appeared from him were the problem.

"Do what you think is right. I will support you."

At the words of Vendique, Reina clenched her fist firmly.

Let's be cool.'

Her body twitched briefly.

If it's a good thing, it's a good thing. The presence of golem with enormous power and the presence of a flying firebird has begun to stop them.

In addition, the army of the maritime city state of Valkas has begun to move, so even if the damage is severe, it will succeed in defense.

If then,

It's still...

It was then.

An unexpected event has occurred.

As hundreds of black cracks began to appear in the blackened sky, embarrassment was difficult in the eyes of the party, including Raina.

"Oh... no!"

Then, Reina, who had already seen the black cracks several times, shouted in a fit and hurriedly swung the sword in her hand.

[Serious Prosecutor]

[Breaking mountains]

Squeeze!!

A calf with a huge weight tore through the air and cut off a crack.

However, the huge transition, which is generating more than a dozen, was hard to prevent with her power.

No matter how strong you are, limitations exist.

If she is a sodmaster, she can consider the possibility even if it takes a long time for all of them.

However, the time and sacrifice that would take in the process were a problem.

Hundreds and thousands of monsters have simply been attacked by ships.

The scene where cracks opened from the sky and bizarre monsters poured out as if it had been waiting was a spectacular sight.

"Oh, my God... what is that?"

Essilt trembled at the words of the wizard Mercy, who mumbled with a stiff face.

"That's ridiculous... where the hell are all these monsters..."

The assassin-turned-bendik also seemed to be speechless about the bizarre situation.

If this happens.

No matter how good golem they are. Even if there are firebirds that burn monsters nonstop, this place will be destroyed.

And by the time the fire is extinguished, it will be after the destruction of all the land and cities around it.

No, the damage will be worse than that.

"The maids... ..are moving so fast?"'

She was forced to hide her urgency and kept swinging the sword to break the crack, but she couldn't make a decision easily.

"Invitation Richie, Knicks..."

Either way, the results will be devastating.

The massive monster raid was also in her memory.

But at this time, it was by far the first time such a ridiculous attack was made.

It should have been at least another half a year before the king's confidant, Nickes, began to be born properly and the mahjong, the monsters and the beasts they worked for, were active.

However, the reality has brought disaster to the fore.

It is also important to prevent the unsealing of the first Richie Knicks, but that will inevitably lead to massive blood loss.

Give out two if you want one.

If you want to get two, you'll have to give one out.

As if to say that this was fate and a fixed future, the world went too hard.

Tears welled up in his resentment.

"......"

"May I just look around here? Looks like you're about to wake up. You won't be able to do anything if you're late."

then

Reina, who was about to jump into the monster's group with a sword, paused at the calm voice she heard.

And all of her party, including her, turned their eyes and looked surprised with her.

There stood a boy looking up at the sky without saying when he came.

How can I not know?

It's a complete variable for Reina.

not existing in the world where she lived Maybe he's a new strongman.

Rumor has it that Catherine is such a great person that she can't keep up with even the power of Grand Duke.

To be honest, he was even more incredible.

That's why she didn't ask for direct help from Prince Davy.

Then he should not know that he is here, and even if he knows, he cannot be here already.

But the boy in front of her was definitely himself.

It wasn't enough to forget the face of the person I just saw.

"Do you want me to be absent-minded and lose both."

It was not long before Reina was silent at the boy's words.

* * *

The deal of the Priya Goddess who asked for her help.

It was a favoritism deal in the first place.

I gave up the expectation that the goddess of Fries would give me affection. Honestly, isn't it the second time that God's will is to use me for one person?

Aside from everything, it's honestly a far-fetched offer, but I've looked into her past in the intentions of the goddess Priya you gave me.

I just accepted the situation silently in the memory of a short time.

I feel a bit sorry for this, no matter how hard it is it?

Therefore, he did not say that he would stop talking nonsense and go in, wash his feet, and sleep.

This would be one of her only goals.

It would be the source of her life.

"How can you, how can you..."

"How long. I told you."

It's just a dog's death.

"What are you saying..."

"This is not where you were."

She was silent about what I said.

"I wasn't there where you were, but here I am."

"......"

"That's a small difference, isn't it?"

"What are you saying..."

"The world's number of lichs who were running wild in the Palan Empire was overwhelmed in a short period of time, and the world's number that would go crazy in the West is favorable to humans."

Her body flinched at my words. The sound starts to be hard to tell by the huge roar that rings everywhere.

The future she knew was the time when the self-proclaimed warrior Rich shook the Palan Empire and the world was in ruins in the West.

Is that all?

"Suddenly, something strange happened in the West Indies, and the flow of power in the West was not reversed."

"You... ...who the hell is it?"

By that time she was beginning to question me. There can't be anyone who knows who she is, but I have to be on guard because I'm telling you as if I know her.

However, I didn't mean to solve her question now.

"So just like you were going to do for the first time, you can find the bald rich man who's getting ready to get up on the island."

These guys are a little different from the ones you've been looking for.

She trembled at my words.

"You alone... ..what are you going to do? Humans have limitations! No matter how hard you try, there's a threat you can't handle! I'd rather everyone join forces..."

At her words I said quietly, with a grin on my back.

"Who said that?"

"...what?"

"Who says you can't handle it? Is that what the goddess Priya gave you?"

She clenched her fist at my provocation.

"You know it's not time to play with words!"

"Do you think I'm playing with words?"

To speak calmly, I took out the sour longinus from the subspace.

Because I took out the window that quickly turned into a cross from the subspace, I could see a wizard boy, Mercy, staring at me with his eyes wide open, but I didn't care.

"Go clean the road. There's nothing you can do here now, no matter what you've come all the way here."

I, who spoke calmly, tapped the cane lightly on the floor.

Boom!!

At the same time, a completely different change began to take place from her expectations.