279 # 279

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the twelfth book

The black air that eroded her mind gradually grew as if it were encroaching on her.

As the black part of the force that had been barely balanced gradually grew and gradually prevailed, Reina reflexively opened her eyes wide and shook her head strongly.

'No, come on. Come on. Don't be eaten again. I do what I can. Don't forget what you've been waiting for now.'

It was a childlike period that would never have been imagined.

The man who leads the miracle, the man who worships. Accept the meaning...

Eshilt, who was muttering with white eyes, staggered for a moment.

Then he broke down his body and gasped.

"Sigh..."

"Essilt? Essilt!"

When Royna, who was looking at the new bride with a surprised look, approached her quickly and helped her, Eshilt, who had been absent-minded, opened his eyes wide.

"Ro, Lona? Why... why not?"

"Wake up! You just..."

"What? What did I... ..."

As if she could not remember what happened earlier, she looked at Reina with a look that she could not understand.

"Laina, that was... ..."

Layna, who was lost in thought, silently passed Essilt slowly, watching the great light baptism seen from far away.

"Well, but one thing seems certain. This is...... the Isle of Silence is clear."

"Island of silence? No way. This is..."

"Yes, it's the first place we're going to come to... ...the Seal of the Knicks, who was close to the Devil. His familiar energy is near."

"......"

Only then did everyone seem to have grasped the situation.

"I can't miss the opportunity. Let's go."

Raina's voice was quite locked, although she could not see her face because she was covered with a mask.

* * *

"Mersil... ...what we went through."

"What?"

"That's... that's a move?"

"Ah..."

"To be honest, I didn't know it was possible other than Mana Gate."

"I can't give you an answer either."

"You're impossible?"

"As far as I know, there's only one person in the world who does the magic of transmitting people without a huge structure."

the great sage of the Red Tower

"Moving space is definitely a seven-circle magic."

"So... Prince Davy, he's also a seven-circle magician? I've never heard of space-mobile magic before."

I heard something even if it was a Crusade. Although she usually hears fools from her party, she was a young but talented intermediate sexual engineer selected from the Holy Land.

When asked such a question by Loyna, Mercy shook her head.

"That's impossible. It's practically impossible to combine divine power and manna. Ilyna de Palan, who is called the Sword Princess in the Palan Empire, will only use the power of the Shingam to bring her divine power, but she will have no choice but to have it."

"Well, how are you going to explain that?"

"Be quiet. This is the enemy camp. The noise exposes the position."

In the conversation between the two, Su-in, a man who was leading the conversation, suddenly appeared.

"Oops! Bendik! I told you not to show up without a sound!"

"It's because you're doing something that puts us all in danger."

"......"

"Bendique is right. This is the enemy camp. I shouldn't relax. It's just that... there was no order for Prince Davy to move. Perhaps the privilege of a saint... ...didn't it?"

"Really? Frankly, Prince Davy's rumors are quite out of the blue. There's a lot of exaggeration."

Reina, who was quietly ahead of Loyna's words, raised one hand and held everyone back.

"Hush."

At the same time, with a young expression of tension, everyone grabbed their weapons tightly and began to be wary of the surroundings.

"Enemies, looking at the air currents... ...with the sub-Unded Meiji... ...vampires... ...and the controlled monsters."

Reina said, hiding herself. As the party looked there, In-young and monsters in the Sae-Kaman robes were seen wandering around.

It's not a lot. It was dark enough to make the whole body prick.

"What do we do? Fight?"

As soon as Lona asks, Bendik dissuades her.

"I'll draw your attention. Go by in the meantime."

"......please."

She was usually dissuaded, but she made a strange choice. Everyone else looked suspicious, but Bendik quietly nodded and disappeared.

"What's wrong with you, Reina?"

"Quietly... ...don't talk from now on. You have to kill the sound of footsteps as much as you can. Are you going to put Vendique's efforts to nothing?"

"Laina..."

Lona looked at Reina with astonishment, but she held the giant sword, the modified Caldiras, in her hand in silence.

Crunch crunch!!!

Then soon the Bendik started to pop out loud to draw the agro.

Bendik began to attract everyone's attention as if he had been caught by mistake, as if he were trying to solve the problem with a reasonably unquestionable level.

Mercil is a creative wizard. With his own magic, he distinguished how many times he had been around with detection magic and made a big contribution to making a decision that it was infiltration rather than combat.

Whaaaaah!

Soon after, Bendik began to hit the job loudly, and as soon as he heard a loud explosion, Reina started to speed up and move fast.

It's exactly the same.

'I'm sure I'll make it... ...because I'm going to kill them and protect me... even for the sake of my promise with Caldiras.'

The sword that awakened her to death and completely collapsed. Not to forget the sacrifice of Caldiras. The second chance could not be wasted.

Reina clenched her teeth and moved quickly.

It's not a place you've been to once or twice. hiding places hidden by enemies There was no hesitation in her path.

With such a feeling, someone familiar was caught.

"Dear Catrine..."

Laina, who found the protagonist of the spirit, shouted in a small voice. A woman who neatly cut off the monster's neck, who was overpowering, approached with her eyes wide open.

"Dear hero?"

"How can I be here..."

"The rogue prince threw it away endlessly... ..and there must be a warrior here."

He told me to help you.

"But by himself... ...no, that doesn't mean anything. If he's doing divine magic, he can block further monsters from entering."

"Huh? What does that mean?"

"What?"

"No, it's nothing."

Reina was silent at the words of Grand Catherine, who spoke as if she were a little bewildered.

The power of Grand Catherine, who unintentionally rejoined it, was really great.

It was surprising to see the skill of taking the back of a dangerous monster with bare hands and removing it without sound.

'As expected, she's been strong for a long time.'

Reina had that thought, but soon she shook off her misconceptions and moved into the darkened canyon.

"This is the place. Thanks to the monster's invasion... ...the boundaries here have faded. It doesn't mean well, but it's an opportunity."

"Did you get a warrior? How did you find this place without a hitch?"

"...that's right. If you want to, there're here. What would you like to do? It can be really dangerous in here."

"Your Grace has orders. I've decided to help the warrior. Help. That's all. I have the power to protect my life. If you die, it's just my fate."

At her calm words, Reina looked at Loyna and the little boy and the girl this time. Then the three also nodded quietly.

"Don't take it lightly just because you're young. I risked my life, and I'm ready to follow whatever happens."

"I...Me, too!"

"I mean in the arms of the Lord."

In response to the three men's little cheesy answers, Reina quietly pulled out her sword and cut off the huge rock set up on one side of the canyon.

Giggle! Giggle! Boom!

When the rock was neatly cut off with a huge ring, the Archduke Catherine looked a little surprised, but Reina said, pointing to the huge stone cave ruins she could see inside.

"Entering."

* * *

The remains that passed the huge driveway were still.

Most of the monsters were gone, but no one stopped the party.

However, such an entry was stopped in a huge cavity that soon arrived.

A strange knight in black plate armor on a white cloth, and a woman in a robe blocked their way.

"Hmm..."

Surprised by the breathtaking strength, Mercy and Eshilt shook their bodies into small pieces, and Layna raised her arms to restrain the two.

"Go ahead. It must be because of them that the warrior asked me to help him in the first place. Don't you think so?"

She was silenced by Katherine's quick-witted remarks.

"I'm sorry."

"I'm more interested in this side. I've been a little rusty since peace came to the continent."

Her tail and eyes began to glow red as the playful spirit disappeared completely.

It was the source of power that made her call a bullfighter.

"Let's warm up."

In a short word, Reina quickly ran past Kartlinne to the passage leading to the back of the community.

Whoo!

Of course it wasn't an article to be watching. The speed of the knight, who pulled out a giant sword and wielded a sword at Raina, was amazing.

However, the knight's attack was blocked by Katherine's actions, which drew a long sword from her waist.

"......"

"Don't look away."

If you don't want to go through.

As the breathtaking air burst out of Katherine's body, the knight soon recovered his blocked sword and widened his distance from Katherine.

Guilt precedes guilt. How many sacrifices should there be?

Laina held Caldiras so strongly that his hands would be drained of blood.

"Lena...is it okay to leave that monster alone?""

Reina was silent at the urgent Lina's cry.

"If you're a great player, you'll be able to make it."

At least she won't be so easy.

Reina, who tried to whip herself up and speed up, was soon able to reach a huge space.

A huge cliff full of darkness with no end in sight. The narrow road leading up to it and the huge circle-shaped space floating with magical power weighed heavily on the air.

"Oh, my God..."

"That doesn't make sense..."

Then, under such circumstances, Reina's party hardened into silence.

"Sigh..."

It was a short breath.

"You're an intruder."

It was a dark but clear voice.

"I didn't know you'd take this step apart from the monster who left to get a meal. I'll give you my life as a reward."

"That's ridiculous generosity. Cut it out."

The large, short-lived existence created a huge body that could be three meters long.

It was all black bones. The danger signal was ringing fast in his body.

an absolute strongman of the devil Invited Rich Knicks.

Unlike such a prestige, I couldn't feel anything. There is only one case where nothing is felt enough to feel a sense of separation.

The difference in force is extreme.

Have you already seen the difference in power? Reina said, silently lifting the sword.

"Nix, you're completely wiped out here."

"Wow... ...it's a rattling feed. Well, that's good, because this side needs to experience the new forces that have permeated this body."

The long-stalled skeleton slowly lifted both arms, which were wrapped in ceiling style.

"Your seal isn't that strong because it's just been unsealed."

"It was called abyss. As you said, I have to lose almost all my strength now."

As soon as he spoke, his surroundings began to vibrate. The wide floor, which had nothing so far, began to twist.

At the same time, changes began to take place.

"In accordance with the contract with the Taecho Power, I command you in the name of the Knicks."

I could tell by his frightening blue eyes.

Here, the first Rich Knicks has already been unsealed.

At the same time, a huge commander-in-chief, who had not felt anything before, began to vibrate around the entire community.

"Take orders."

"Huh?"

"Wow?"

And the aftermath was fatal to the magician.

Reina's body flinched loudly. It didn't make sense that his strength was this strong now. It took years for him to regain the power he saw from the seal.

When she desperately escaped, who had been captured by the enemy. Years later, the Knicks regained most of their power.

Then what the hell is this? Was he hiding his power in the first place?

That's what I thought.

"Mercil! Wake up!"

Mersil, who was shaking his eyes and shaking his mouth with one hand, said in a trembling voice.

"This is... this is ridiculous, how can this monster..."

An unimaginable surge of power begins to stir up turbulence.

In the tremendous surge of power felt and seen directly to the magician, Mercil collapsed, feeling the reverse flow of his mana all over his body.

Beyond just feeling dizzy or nauseous, Manna has backflowed.

The power of Mercy and Eshilt is important. And Loyna, who will protect them.

However, one of the main pillars, Mercyl, was foamed from the start.

"......"

Reina, who hid the confused party behind her and exploded a black and white air all over her body, made a cracking sound.

"Did you already try to throw me in pain and make me suffer again?"

Eat your own shit.

My heartless lord. I lost it once, but I won't lose it if I die twice.

Now that I've lost my pure and righteous heart.

Her whole body was bombarded with deadly flesh.

Her strength was the same, but her current life was so dark and murky that she could hardly be regarded as a warrior.

It was like, a horse race.

"Hahahahahaha! You are a man whose race is twisted and who has entered the boundary, and there is no contradiction like this!"

He raised one hand and knitted his finger with great force.

at the same time

A terrible strain weighed down the area completely.

"Come, I've got an unparalleled power before the seal. As the first victim, I will give you death in honor of death."

I command all who belong to the cave. The dead answer the call of death.]

[9 Circle Black Magic]

[Deading to death sentence

9 circles.

It was a level of power that was clearly beyond his power, which was called 8 circles.

Then, as soon as his words were over, a huge clock began to be implemented behind him.

"When that minute hand went around once. We shall face death."