272 # 272

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 11th and the 21st episodes

94. Surt's Legacy.

There is cause and effect in everything.

A situation where b should occur because there is a, but b occurs without a.

That's strictly a law-abiding act.

To the best of my knowledge at present, there was only one such law to be ignored.

the strength of a coin on the back

As long as the laws pursued by each other are different, they cannot interfere with each other, and they can make fatal changes to each other.

In common sense, it was an opposite to each other.

Reina, the owner of the Holy Sword, asked me for supplies and protective gear with the protection of the saint, and she asked for direct help from Katherine.

Of course, just because he looked free, he couldn't get Katherine Carabella out of the way.

However, the Lindis Emperor Deord Alindis accepted Katherine's dispatch, and Katherine showed her brief presence without any complaints.

"Why don't you quit now?"

"I'd like to say no. Your Majesty."

To speak calmly, I put all kinds of weapons around me that I had put in the subspace beforehand.

"Girgeom, Estoke, Longsod, Bastard... ...we have plenty of spare weapons. Are you really going to make a life-or-death decision with Jim?"

I turned the wooden sword round and round and open my mouth to Emperor Deord, who spoke with a stiff face.

"That's why you didn't bite all around you. Your Majesty."

"Well... ..I can't help it. But I can't believe there's nothing around here."

Speaking calmly, he slowly drew out the sword.

It was a rare-looking sword that was different from the wooden sword I put on the floor.

When he took off his cumbersome clothes, which he was wearing without a word, he revealed his enormous and magnificent appearance as if the years had missed.

She was so strong that it was hard to see.

Although hidden under the title of "The Emperor and the Old Man," he is an absolute warrior. It is also a man with swordsmanship similar to the Grand Duke Catherine Caravella.

No, just for the eyes of people, maybe they're more profound than the Grand Duke Catherine.

"I don't think I'm going to finish what I started once."

Thuung...

He raises the sword with one hand, which seems difficult to lift with both hands, and he raises an overwhelming sword.

at the same time

I kicked the side of the wooden club that was stuck in front of me with my toes.

Whispering!!

I took a step forward without hesitation and snatched the club as the club bounced back to me as fast as it would hit its owner.

Two boom!

At the same time, an enormous shock wave swept around the area as the sound of air bouncing was heard.

Emperor Deord's expression, which was blocked as if he were defending himself with a sword that was burnt reflexively, was distorted.

It's a simple wooden sword.

Perhaps it was because my power to dig in at an unresponsive speed and hit the club was beyond imagination.

This is the batting technique that Dokgojun, who was just my swordsmanship teacher, showed when he squeezed me.

but

It is also true that it is a fairly useful way of attacking.

No matter how much you wear an oracle blade, the wooden club cannot be the same durability as a proper sword.

His face was distorted when the club, which should have been broken or burned in an instant, pressed him without a shake.

Boom!

At the same time, a long-sworded wooden sword that had been stuck in the distance was pulled out as if it were alive and sucked into my hand.

"Ugh!"

The heavy destruction of the club, which is driven by one hand, is also hard to bear, but another comes in.

Instinctively in danger, he tried to get away from me, but as soon as his pressure became stronger, he gave up everything and instantly blew up Manna to create a strong force to protect himself.

With that level of solidity, six-circle magic can be easily prevented.

Cargagagagam!

Of course, that's fine.

"Oh, my God!"

As soon as the dark red air flashed on the long-sword, dozens of strands of solid wire sprang up on his self-defense force.

The moment he tried to get away from me, stunned by the broken wire that had formed on the hard steel shield.

A huge air current swirled on the club that was held in my right hand.

[Strongly]

[Gongseong Train]

Kwachang!!!!

When a huge shock followed the line, the club mercilessly smashed his strength and blew him away.

"Gasp!"

His eyes opened wide in the shock of my imagination, carrying and rolling in me for tens of meters.

"Kuluck... ..I can't help but be ignorant..."

He started up in a hurry and quickly lifted up his spirits and grumbled.

It would have been more shocking since his attacks had never been so ignorant.

"I've seen it in real life... ...and you're a monster."

The only one who noticed the enormous gap in my body was the Emperor Deord.

Although he did not pinpoint my strength, he seemed to accept some of the differences in power he had actually experienced, as he noticed that there were numerous walls of enlightenment between his situation and mine.

Two boom!

Afterwards, I, who pulled out a giant sword like a bouncing, threw away the long-sword and held it with both hands.

Then he quickly jumped at him.

"Okay! Come in! Bring down the limitations of your luggage!"

He could get hurt seriously, but did he have a good will?

His choice to draw out all his strength without hesitation amplified the force he was expressing.

Then he was constantly driven.

Using a fast-paced weapon, he is constantly being driven, and he uses heavy weapons to strike a deadly blow.

When I saw his abdomen empty, he somehow pulled my weapon out to defend himself.

Sadly, it's not that I can't punch.

[King Yurg-style crowd controller]

[Hitting the stomach so hard.

Ugh!!!

As his fist containing ignorant destructive power struck his stomach, a thin, steel-slapped momentarily smashed and he rolled again and again.

"Kkkkkk...kkkk..."

At this point, we can see by instinct.

There is a huge difference in combat experience between the opponent and himself.

"Hoot... ..hoot..."

He grumbled, barely picking his breath, which was difficult to even rest properly.

"The luggage has been rolling on the battlefield for more than 40 years..."

The fact that he, who had so much experience for such a long time, could not make a single counterattack seemed quite absurd.

"What is the identity of you?""

"The First Prince of the Kingdom of Lown. This is Davy O'Loon. Your Majesty."

"Huh..."

The collapsed man vomited blood.

Excessive Manna operation and its broken experience.

And the accumulation of shock from me made his body no longer able to fight.

Although he was close to fatal injury, he looked relieved.

"At this point, Jim didn't think he'd be able to feel this kind of positivity anymore."

He smiled as if he had realized it, so I approached him with a face erased and cast a recovery spell on his body.

He moved his arm without a word because he felt he was getting lighter when he entered the high-level recovery wizard, Heynes Hill.

"Even the power of the saints... ...great. Do you have any secret?"

" You can try to die."

He laughed heartlessly at my calm reply.

"I see...... effort is the answer...... well, Jim has lost. I didn't expect to win in the first place, I just wanted to see your end."

"It's not over yet. Your Majesty."

I, speaking calmly, reached out one hand and called his sword into my hand.

Then he handed it to him and smiled.

"You have to do it again. We haven't even started yet."

The fact that I have a creepy smile and his face is subtly blue.

I don't think it's just your feeling.

* * *

The Royal Palace Garden of Lindis has the luxury of magic controlling the climate of narrow spaces.

The weather must be quite cold, but it feels warm here.

"Ah..."

Was I surprised by my appearance?

Laina, a warrior sitting alone in a quiet garden, watched the small birds huddling far away, exclaimed.

"What are you doing here?"

Despite her calm questions and familiarity, she showed little change.

"It's nothing. It's just... ..."

She mumbled cautiously, blurring the end of her words.

"I was looking at the bird."

Covering her face with a mask, she was silent again.

"It's a common sight."

"Where I was...There was no such small bird."

She muttered bitterly and asked me.

"Why don't you question wearing a mask?"

"Do you want me to do that?"

"......no."

"That's enough. It's not like wearing a mask doesn't mean you can't recognize the other person."

When I remember a person, his face is also a face, but he usually remembers his own unique energy.

Even twins have never been confused about the same wavelength as other fingerprints.

"Cough...Cough cough!!"

It was then.

Stretching her hand toward the bird without a word, she crouched and coughed in pain.

"......"

When I saw her in silence, she carefully asked, looking at the red blood that flowed down the mask without a word.

"Isn't that right? This is the kind of hero you need to stop the resurrection of the Devil."

"Healing is impossible."

"I know. It's my choice."

She answered me quietly.

"However, if you quit now, you can live a little longer."

She shook her head.

"I just wanted a world like this..."

There was deep resentment in the gloomy voice. However, it was hidden so lightly that it could not be felt if it had not been seen with determination.

"Why don't you quit?"

"You're dissuading me again."

Her words made me nod my head quietly.

"The power of the first Rich Knicks is not what you think of the dead."

"......"

She stuck to silence at my words.

"I know... ...that he is immortal."

It's not just about surviving as a life bezel. When he is killed, he completely moves his host.

The problem is that most of his strength is of an unusual constitution subordinate to his soul, so his strength does not disappear just because his body is transferred.

"That's not it. If it's a lie that the seal is being unsealed. The seal may be released by your going."

She was silent about what I said.

Then he looked at me.

"Prince Davy."

In that monotonous voice she spoke quietly.

"I still have no choice but to go."

"Because of revenge?"

"There's one person I have to protect living here."

I think I know who the target is.

"I'm glad we didn't meet."

She seemed surprised at what I said, but she said nothing to me as soon as she left the garden.

Where are you going?

"I have a place to take Lünne for a while."

Confidence stood at the sight of her reaction.

The seal of the first Rich Knicks is definitely untied.

If then,

Will we seal him up again?

I'll beat you to kill you.

The choice itself was simple.

It was impossible at that time, but it seemed like the time had come for Surt to prepare and take out what he had hidden underground in case he woke up again someday.