273 # 273

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 22 of the 11th book

"Your Majesty, I think you'll need to see a doctor for a while."

"Jim isn't that old in the back room yet."

"No matter how well-behaved you may be, you can't stand it if you overwork yourself like this. Besides, your Majesty has been working too hard for a long time."

Emperor Deord laughed bitterly at the words of an old man who had maintained the position of imperial court language for decades.

Frankly speaking, apart from the Imperial Household Agency's words, his body was fine.

but

At one stroke of contention with the young man, his body felt as if he had died and survived hundreds of times.

'No, he's probably dead hundreds of times.'

If we met on the battlefield. Also, if we met as enemies.

Emperor Deord was able to affirm.

He must have died hundreds more times at the boy's hands.

At that point, I couldn't get rid of the eerie feeling.

If only he showed up a few years, or decades earlier.

The time when continental war still remains in this huge continent of Tionis.

What if he showed up then?

Possibly holding the supremacy of the East would have been a Lown Empire, not a Lindis Empire.

No, it must have been.

It's the Lindis Empire with the most talented fighters, but I'm not sure if they'll be able to beat that monstrous prince...

Because you have the power of a simple saint?

There is a possibility that real saints and saints did not appear for a long time, but this was a non-standard problem.

How about a wall?

What kind of crazy man would take over the emperor of the great empire, who divides the continent into three, like a dog on a Dog Day?

No matter how many times it was a battle.

The boy's eyes were glistening with insanity that seemed to relieve the stress of something he had accumulated.

The boy handled both hands freely with weapons, but it is not easy for a normal human to roll both hands so freely.

When the body is protected by hard steel.

The boy used the ability of prosecutors to manipulate a dream-like sword to call in a long-sword, and in a very short time he dug into the loophole in the rigid steel shield and made countless cuts.

Did you see him wielding a sword?

No, I just saw the flash.

When he came to his senses, the hard steel shield creaked as if it were a hinged door and smashed to pieces, unable to withstand the enormous impact that followed.

"Well... if you've worked on it twice, you're not going to die."

He looked surprised at the unexpected sound of pain, but he said nothing.

"Your Grace, Grand Duke Catherine."

"Listen."

As she spoke while sitting down, the door opened quietly, and a woman dressed in a healthy image and uniform walked in softly and bowed her head.

"Your Majesty, Grand Duke Catherine Carabella. Greetings to the Empire's twin dragons."

"Yes."

After a short answer, he looked up at her and gestured.

Then, as if he had been waiting, the commander stepped up and handed her a carefully packed box.

"It's a property that Prince David left after making it. I don't know much about Jim, but he said he'd look for a new member of his party."

The box had a modest design, but there were about six solid bracelets neatly placed.

"It doesn't make much difference."

"I suppose so."

"However, I can definitely feel something standing up. But... ..Prince Davy..."

"I'm gone.

Katherine gave a questionable look at the words.

"If you leave..."

"How can Jim know that? He's such a new character."

Even if you try to make a guess, it will be easier to give up because you can't grasp it at all.

It was not long before Emperor Deord spoke with a full of dignity.

"Go and show the power of the Prince of Lindis to the fearless who want to shake the balance of the empire."

"Okay."

"Beware, what you will do is not the life of a warrior.

I am sorry to others, but he is the Emperor of the Empire.

And

Catherine was an important person responsible for part of the empire's defense.

First of all, she was one of the few men to be trusted by Emperor Deord.

"Make sure you're alive."

Katherine, who bowed her head to carry out the order, did not raise her head for a long time.

* * *

Finding Sert's second legacy needed to be a little careful from the start.

Because someone already has it? Or I don't know the location?

Both are ambiguous answers, but the biggest problem as a result is that time has passed too long enough.

nearly three thousand years

It is also a miracle that Sert's legacy was maintained during that time.

I mean...

It's not going to be like Hongdan and Chengdan this time.

Unlike the time when there were remains to specify the location of the secret workshop of the Sert.

There is no such hint this time.

The only thing I remember is that I have no choice but to look at the map of the continent and look for differences and quickly search that part.

The first Rich Knicks... ...he was definitely strong... ...on the outside, eight circles, but he unleashed nine circles of fire the moment all his seals were broken.

Rich in the 8th Circle Master.

However, he was a person who judged that his ability had reached nine circles.

"Isn't he stronger than the devil?"

You take her power too lightly.

She shrugged up her nose.

To hide something. She definitely had seven powers of the Devil. Although magic skills stayed in 8~9 circles. Simple combat skills can't keep up with Nick'sir.

Above all.

The biggest problem was that he, who was subordinate to the devil, could not rebel against Persec.

But I can't borrow her strength, so I'm sure he'll be in trouble when he wakes up.

It's not just his ability to fight, he was a conspirator.

The cleanest way to attack is to quickly acquire an object that can kill him and watch him resurrect and then revive.

We're going to finish him.

Why don't we just stop the seal from being loosened?

"The seal must be the limit. According to Hares, the length of the seal should have been over 500 years ago."

It's going on longer than I thought, so it's not strange if he comes out and runs around.

"This is a common map outside. And... ..."

A Lindis Imperial official standing before me murmured a little.

"This is a new map that we made a few years ago in the Lindis Empire."

"Hmm... there are so many places where I don't know where to do."

"I'm sorry, military and geographical maps are kept strictly confidential to the state."

"I don't ask for confidentiality."

When I calmly looked over the map, the official looked down quietly.

"I gave you the guidance by your command. Is there anything else you need?"

"That's all right."

Most of the time, we distinguish between the current and past geography.

Handing over the map and leaving the official behind, I soon skimmed through the vaguely made map.

There's no satellite in the first place, but it's not easy to make such a detailed map.

Moreover, at this point, the map is mostly military secrets, and it is a map that cannot be easily given to Emperor Theodore if he did not plan to attach Aria to me.

So what are you going to do now?

"Like this."

As soon as I finished speaking, I put my hand on the wide-open map and slowly pulled Manna up.

[5 Circle]

[Mind Map]

Magic to retrieve information stored in your head and create a hologram map.

Magic is a skill originally made for war.

As such, it is common to see such map magic created for strategies in addition to attack magic.

Whoo-ooh...

Soon after, a past map in my memory, which is remembered closely, is printed with light and slowly overlaps with the map on the table.

Most forms are not much different, but there have been many changes in large and small places.

"......"

I remember the approximate location.

The numerous legacy of Sert, as well as the legacy of Hares and Hermesia.

I remember most of the legacy of the heroes of the Tionis continent.

Three thousand years... ...and the long hours she's asleep... ...are a lot more varied than I thought.

In fact, there was a big change in geography compared with comparison.

The place where the lake used to be became a city, and the place where the fortress existed turned into a lake, a forest, or a swamp.

"......"

After looking at the map silently, I soon managed to print out some of the differences between the map and the map in my memory.

"This is it, and this is it."

Then he waved his hand and quickly pulled up the lights.

I've never seen magic before.

"You can't go to the wrong place and hit the ball. You have to find it at once."

As he quickly rolled his eyes, putting the fast-rotating numbers here and there, Persec touched the moving numbers with his small fingers as if they were amazing.

To use magic like this, your magic teacher is a great man.

Is it just great?

He escaped from the central tower of the continent, where he was filled with sorcerers, and went up to an unrivaled level.

Except for my bean-sized physique and tough personality... ...some woman worthy of respect is my magic teacher.

It's Odin.

A hero who's too enchanted...

"One of the geeks who made Manna's heart a fortune for one of his eyes."

a squeaking sound

in a short

The fast-moving numbers were aligned for a moment and fell on a part of the map, and I pulled Manna up.

It's... it doesn't have a map here.

"There are a lot of undeveloped and monster-filled forests along the border."

The fact that there are many monsters is proof that the legacy is safe.

By the way... the destination is a huge lake. Is it... ..locked?

"You'll find the answer."

What if it's underwater? It doesn't mean that the effects will disappear even if it's submerged. Even if it's really underwater, there's no choice but to jump in.

It was then.

"Well, uh... ..Prince Davy!"

When I heard an urgent cry and turned my head, I saw a girl with a blue-green hair running toward me with a nervous face.

"Arya the Empress?"

"Go, are you going?"

I nodded quietly at her question with an anxious face.

"Yes, I have something to bring."

Is it not stopping them?

How can we not be greedy when it is right after such an incident?

Looking at me anxiously, she hesitated to say what she had been hiding behind her carefully and held it out to me.

"Well... it's very cold. This is...

What she put out was a warm-looking blue wool muffler.

"Body... be careful. I'll give you something harder next time!"

She smiled brightly and saw me off, so I put a muffler around my neck without saying a wordlessly.

* * *

Leaving the palace wearing a muffler given by Aria, I used to run a magic camp and jumped over the space using warp magic.

The movement towards the coordinates of which the position has not been fixed is just dangerous.

If there were rocks in the moving position, it would be the first rare experience of human and rock becoming one.

In my case, it's a long-distance warp, not a teleport, so if there's something I want to go to, the overwhelming mass of space will crush and crush the obstacles there, and then realize me.

What if the obstacle is a human?

I'm sure you won't see anything good.

If you're lucky, I'm in a particular place.

The Lindis Empire and the Lounge Kingdom.

And the reason was that it was a medium-sized forest area located between the kingdoms.

It is a place filled with monsters that are too dangerous for humans to reach.

Usually, monsters live in these dense forests to escape human offensives.

It is not difficult to dry the monster's seeds, but there were definitely some things that were not easy to touch in these border areas.

Uh-huh.

A giant troll loithed around with a huge club and found the space warping.

Then, unable to resist the curiosity, he loiter, approached the crack and reached out his hand.

Pooch!!!

And

For a moment, the curved end of the paru held on the arm of a white, slender little girl who popped out of a twisted crack was fixed as if it were wrapped in a troll's arch.

And

Before he could react, he was pulled and the trolls were torn apart.

Oh, my God!

with a terrible scream

Subsequently, a silver-haired girl who popped out of the crack swung a black-colored paroo and crushed it as if to strengthen the whole body of a troll.

It was so fast and powerful.

The flesh of the troll at the end of the paru was torn to pieces and divided into dozens of six sides.

It was an instant overwhelming blow.

"Lünne, initial overpowering. Very efficient overpowering."

You'd better teach Lünne the word mercy.

I totally sympathized with what Persek said.

"It smells pretty bad."

Troll blood works well, but it does not smell very good.

The body of the troll was torn apart and blown away. The stench will cover the surrounding the area.

However, Lünne, who created this situation, walked barefoot toward the sea of blood.

Even though his feet covered in white bandages turned red, he didn't care.

"What are you doing, Lünne?"

I asked him a question out of subtle anxiety as Lünne, who looked at Troll's skin sculpture without a word, twinkled her eyes.

at the same time

Lünne poked blood scattered on the floor with her fingers and pushed it right into her mouth.

"Lune, lose. Don't eat."

When I said that I was bewildered by the unexpected behavior, he licked the blood on his finger as if he were analyzing something and said quietly.

"Completed massive activated cytoplasm analysis. Lünne, fill out the information about the new monster. It's disgusting, but it's delicious."

The man who spoke briefly jumped up to me without hesitation.

Then, without hesitation, he held out a sixth piece of the troll, which was dripping blood in his hand.

"Davie, this is going to have a huge impact on Davy's restaurant plans," said Lünne. Very highly valued!"

"I won't do it, dude."

I'm going to the restaurant business. If you eat it all just because it tastes good, you'll get sick.