289 # 289

The Manreb hero is coming back!

12 volumes and 12 episodes

"Ajeossi!"

Mew, who was in Yuri's arms, found Cheng Dan and Hong Dan, who were walking with their hands, opened their eyes wide and rushed to me and hugged me.

Half-Elf Mew is a young elf who is not yet of age.

That's why I couldn't come out of the moon forest often.

Is that why?

Mew seemed to have missed me a lot because I didn't have to go into the moon forest.

Then, they came to meet each other in person because they needed the highest quality grass leaves of the moon, which were naturally grown in the moon.

"Mister! Bad! You said you were coming to see Mew! You said we were friends!

I swept my hands from his cheek to pat him on the head without saying a word on his cotton fist, which was in my arms.

"I'm sorry. How have you been?"

"Huh!"

I took out the cookie box that I had prepared in advance and showed it to Mue to the man who showed that he was upset.

"My uncle brought me a present."

"Seo... ...gift!

When I pretended to be worried about the sight of him reaching out with his eyes twinkling, Muu soon looked like he was crying.

"You're so bad..."

"Just kidding. Here you go. Why don't you share it with your friends?"

Mew, who came down from me after receiving the box at my words, ran quickly and approached Cheng Dan and Hong Dan.

"Yuri."

"I've heard about it before. You need the grass of the moon growing here?"

"Yeah, I didn't mean to, but I need a lot."

"Excuse me, we know that there are quite a lot of moon leaves growing on the land. But is it not enough?"

From the Elf's point of view, he could not be happy to go to the nest of a naturally growing spirit.

"It's not just about growing up there. It's impossible unless it's a leaf here that's properly illuminated by the moon."

Yuria tilted his head at my words, but soon he nodded.

"I'm sure that the moon flowers that are grown on the land are a little different from the moon flowers that are native here. The full leaves of the moon can be the catalyst for numerous magic reagents, or tools, but for what reason..."

I grinned at her words.

"I will make a wise man's stone replica."

Even a replica of a wise man's stone is hard to prepare for now.

but

There's only one thing. If there's something that ignores the absolute law of equivalent exchange.

The story can be different.

It's a more dangerous adventure than I thought.

She gave me a ponderous look on my words.

I didn't ask why it was necessary.

"How much... ..do you need it?"

"It's impossible with the amount here. Many of them will also be borrowed from the Holy Land of Sinmok. If you pick too much, the spirits will be weak."

They have no choice but to take it from the point where the power of the spirits does not weaken and the garden of the moon is maintained.

"I've already sent word to my new girl, Amelia and Al. Emilia said she'd come in personally."

"If that's what the world's number has decided, I'll just follow."

It doesn't make any sense at all.

Al also belongs to a giant tree that sees the fate of similar cases as mine.

So

She didn't forget what I said and decided to cooperate with me.

Eggs are quite open, unlike the world population of all of all time.

"Mister! Mister!"

Then Mew rushed to me and hugged me.

How hard I ate the cookies, there was a lot of crumbs around my mouth, so I took the crumbs off his mouth without saying a word and asked.

"Did it taste good?"

"Yes! It was delicious!"

Seeing her smiling brightly, I wanted to make something that wasn't there.

"Moo. You want me to give you a present?"

"Gift?"

"Yeah. Is there anything you want to do?"

At my question, Mew patted my lips with his fingers and agonized about it in a cute way.

Then he clapped his hands and liked it.

"What Mew wants to do... um... oh! There is!"

The glistening fellow told me without hesitation what he wanted to do.

"Muu! I want to study! I heard that humans study with their friends at an academy! I want to study Mew, too! I'm going to study and work next to you!"

I miss Noah the first time he said he'd summon the spirits. It was a talking child.

That's why it was such a small and small wish.

"I want to study..."

"Muu is Half Elf. I think both the life of the elf and the life of the human are interested."

"Muwoo will do the same thing as you when he grows up!"

I remained silent, pondering over the explanation of Yuri.

School...

* * *

The conference was held in Lindhall, a magical city with Redria, the headquarters of the Red Tower.

Of course, it is an institution that studies the magic of fire that has great power among the towers. Lindhall was one of the most famous magical cities on the continent, as there is Redria, the Red Tower.

The seemingly beautiful exterior was filled with huge magical structures, which was actually a large city visited by countless tourists.

The most famous thing among them is.

The huge city of Lindhall was built on top of a large lake.

The huge bridge on the plains was enough to raise expectations for the beauty of Lindhall.

Come on, come on, come on!

When the carriage, which is driven by two horses, reached the entrance of Lindhall, a neat robe guarding the entrance slowly reached out and stopped the carriage.

"Where are you from?"

"From the Land of the Rounds, the Hines. Prince David Olloun, the first prince, and Princess Winley Olloun, the second daughter."

It was none other than one of the male men I had previously rescued from the black market.

As a wild boar, he said he had originally taken care of horses, and he appealed that he would never regret using himself as a horseman.

"Confirmed. Welcome to the magical city of Lindhall.

The city's interior slowly began to be visible as the simple hand held magic release rods were removed and the door opened.

"Wow..."

WINRI opened her eyes wide as she looked at the beautiful city of blue light with her eyes opened wide.

"Orabani! Look at that! It's Lindhall's famous water body!"

What Winley pointed to was a giant tower over the city's midwall and a sphere of transparent water maintained by huge claws on the top of the tower.

The huge sphere, which looked as large as 10 meters in size, continued to move water through a magical tube.

It is a magical water purification system, and it is also an important facility in charge of drinking water in the city, which is responsible for drinking water in the city.

"Do you know my brother? That body is the heart of Lindhall here. They said they could provide clean water and power to the city."

WINRI, who was interested in the Red Tower, listened to the information about this place and told me everything.

Once it was an official invitation, I could see a man familiar with my vision who moved to a luxury accommodation under the Red Tower waving his hand.

On one side of the robe, which looks more antique than usual, was the same pattern symbolizing the elderly on both sides.

"Welcome. I haven't seen you in a long time."

As the youngest elder in the Red Tower, I could see those who seemed to be his performance wizards looking at me with a little wary eyes.

"Long time no see! Mr. Yulis!

Winnie ran to him with a big smile.

"Huh!"

At that time, one of the wizards beside Ullis coughed uncomfortably.

As everyone's eyes turned to him, he opened his mouth as if he was forced to speak.

"I'm sorry, sir. ..."Eulis, the Elder of the Red Tower and I'm a member of the Presbyterian Church of the Tower. How many acquaintances do you have?"

"That's all right, Colin."

"Older man, you shouldn't do that. The Elder Central is now a member of the Central Presbyterian Church, selected not only from the Red Tower, but also from the Tower of the Horse."

"I'm fine, aren't I?"

Ulysses spoke with an uncomfortable look on his face, and he said firmly.

"But you must not forget that everything you do is connected to the dignity of the tower."

His words frowned on Winnie's face.

However, he was unable to speak up easily because of his position as the Central Presbyterian Church.

It's going to be Ullis who gets in trouble.

"These are my close friends. If you ever do anything to insult my close friends again. You can't just let it go."

He smiled bitterly at Winley, who spoke sternly.

"Sorry, Mr. Winley."

"Oh... no."

At his apology, Winri waved embarrassingly.

"It looks like it's going to rain."

However, I am different.

I mumbled quietly and wondered at the expression of Ulysses.

"There's an old saying that if you get hit by acid rain, you lose your head. Be careful just in case."

Ullis' eyes wiggled slightly at my smile.

"Hahaha...please let it go one more time. Davey. Oh, come on, let's go. The conference starts tomorrow, but I'll show you today."

He took the lead and said,

"But...... it seems like you have other business to do."

"I have someone to meet."

He gave me a puzzled look at my answer.

"Who am I supposed to meet?"

"Yes, I'm here to see Helison Valestia, the great master of the Red Tower."

My words caught the attention of the performance wizard.

"Excuse me... ...or did the prince bring the stovepipe beforehand?"

"First of all, I got an invitation."

His expression slightly frown at my calm reply.

You're so protective.

"Helison Valestia, the great scepter, is not a man who can be seen at will even if he is the king of a country. And more than that…"

"Colin!"

Ullis eventually raised his voice by frowning at his words and actions that he didn't like from the beginning.

But I held him back and approached him slowly.

They say we have to put up with each other because we're in trouble.

I don't know.

If he moves on like this, it is clear that he will be judged right.

"What is your name?""

He answered my question with a frown.

"I'm level four Colin Bermills."

"Yeah, Colin, the great sage, Helison Valestia, is not easily seen by even the king of a country."

He nodded quietly at my words.

"That's right. No matter how much you are a prince, I think there should be a proper procedure."

I ignored his words and spoke quietly in his ear.

"It's raining. Acid rain is very good for cutting hair."

It doesn't matter if it's real.

You have no idea what I put in your head.

Like the seeds planted in the ground feed on rainwater.

You'll see very exciting results.

It's not easy to put your hands on it and change the shape of your hair, but there's only one thing I'm good at.

an exhaustive pull

One drop or two drops from the sky with the words.

Raindrops began to fall.

It will be a special rain for him.

The sudden drizzle caused a lot of trouble around me, but I said without saying anything, coming out with strength, surrounding Winnie and Ulysses.

"People in special positions have the right to know."

Turning my head, I spoke slowly.

"It's a bet, I'm here to get the game board."

Great sage, Helison Valestia.

At the same time, everyone looked at an old man who had not been there before with a surprised look.

"Great... great sage!"

The old man approached me with a grin on his face of surprise.

"Huh, man... ...how far this old man has been seen by a young man. Yeah, did you know that from the beginning?"

"A normal grandfather usually doesn't carry that much mana around."

He grinned as I answered with a grin.

"You can see that by the time you're a saint, you're welcome. Prince Davy."