281 # 281

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fourth installment of the twelve volumes.

That's great!!

One end of the giant clock was momentarily distorted.

Then, without anyone responding, the whole thing collapsed and completely broke down.

The explosion itself was completely dismantled.

"What do you think, do you have lingering feelings?"

"......"

"But what I sent you, I sent it to you so you could take it easy."

I guess it didn't work out.

Reina's expression was distorted by the boy's teasing remarks.

But her eyes were reddened by his soon-to-be voice.

"Ilina."

She was so different that no one close to her could recognize her.

His face was filled with horrible scars that could not be recognized without a mask.

Unlike the current Illinois, which was called the best beauty on the continent, her face after a long time crossing the parallel line could not be regarded as a beauty.

No, it was rather abhorrent to the point of disgust.

Her bright blond hair lost its gloss and turned white. Her golden eyes had long turned dark.

White and curvy skin was rough and uneven, and its color was also discolored and distorted.

Of course, the whole body was in a mess due to the earlier fight, so there was nothing more to say under the face.

But I didn't care about that at all.

Her nature itself was like the young Illinois, surprisingly unchanged. No, I felt more mature.

"If you wanted to get rid of the connection, you should have changed not only the name but also the sword and the sword."

Davy, I think you failed.

'Nix's death won't solve it. She doesn't even know what she wants.'

Being a new Buddhist is a no-no.

So

I will surely keep my word, as I have been prepaid, in connection with Priya, who has made a deal for redemption.

"There was a deal to save you."

"......"

She was silent as to whether she had the strength to speak. But soon he opened his eyes and shouted furiously in a voice almost completely gone.

"Back... ...back!"

Whoo!

At the same time, the huge black horse window that poured out at me exploded before it reached me.

A huge stream of water blocked the horse window and broke it.

"Water... Spirit King. He who stops my magic and summons the Spirit King. Who are you?"

Contractor. Ma and I don't have a good head for each other. Besides, with this much power...]

9 circles.

It's definitely not at the normal level. I was also still not recovering to the 9th grade.

I'm sure you need to be weak since you just woke up from the seal.

He was gaining power not only from his own strength but also from something else.

"De... ..Prince Davy."

It was Reina who pulled my collar with her voice almost gone.

"Hmm?"

"That... that way."

Raise your trembling arm desperately and turn your head to her behavior pointing to one side. Royna, who was hanging through a huge window, and two little boys and girls who were lying down.

"Elime. Let's do a baton touch."

When I opened my head in short words, Elime, who was looking at the Knicks with a look of caution, soon turned into a stream of water and began to cover the three people.

"Take this side, too."

Three people are three, but the most serious thing was Layna, who fell in my arms.

[That's terrible...... how can human beings be so driven out of the world?]

"Is it curable?"

Three people are available, but this is too late. You're almost out of the question, aren't you? It's absolutely hard to heal with my own strength.]

The Spirit of Water has the power of recovery. But there was no way to save her, who had already lost her soul in flames.

[I can get a trauma... but I've almost burned myself up.]

PING!!! KARANG!!

He ignores himself. Perhaps it was thought, five or six black windows poured down from the sky again, but they broke down before they could reach me.

This time, there was no protection from Elaim, but it was blocked.

"Tell me. What the hell did you do?"

Without answering his question, I took a small bottle out of the subspace and handed it to Elaim.

It is a dilution of the tear drops (elicers) of God that are just around the corner. Even if it's impossible to heal completely, I think I can put my life on the line for a while."

As if there was no surprise, Elaim took the bottle with a stream of water and absorbed it into his body.

Shoot me!

He then scattered half of his body and shot it into the sky.

Then, some of the elites that were shot up soon began to pour out the light green rain.

It was the miracle of the King of Spirits.

The pouring rain dampened my whole body, but I didn't mind. There is no reason to reject rain containing resilience in the first place.

"Well, I've taken care of this side, so I'm going to take care of it. Did I bite you earlier? How did you get rid of it?"

The most incomprehensible thing about him was that he broke Death Spear, an eight-circle black magic, in the air without any response.

The death sentence, a nine-circle black magic, saw blue afterimage cut off magic.

The second shot, Death Spear, was blocked by Elaim.

But the third shot of death spires was definitely gone before they could reach me.

Without any sign.

"Yes, I don't understand."

"Why don't you understand? This is the first time the wizard has learned it since he third circle."

[Dispell]

"......"

His eyes shook violently at my answer.

"D... ..Spell?""

In other words, it meant that I interrupted his magic of eight circles without any sign.

"Is there a problem?"

"Not possible! The dispenser has to have 9 circles of magic to release 7 circles of magic!"

In order to dispel the first circle magic according to his cry, he needs more than three circles of skill.

The reality is that seven circles are needed to break down the magic of five circles.

I know. To release 8 circles.

In theory, it also meant that the top 10 circles were needed.

"8 circles would be theoretically impossible to solve."

"Normally not. Theoretically speaking, it's supposed to be 10 circles to release 8 circles."

He is clearly a part of the enemy's ranks, and a target of elimination as Richie, who was assisting the demon king.

On the contrary, there is no denying that he is quite a great writer when it comes to magic. In fact, he was a man who avoided unnecessary cruel things.

I don't want to simply deny his accumulated learning of magic.

"9 circles can't be above the magic apex..."

"Why not, you stupid baldhead?"

"Bare, bald..."

My sarcasm ruffled his eyes.

"How could nine circles be the end? There's no end in the world."

There's no end to his simple skill in swordsmanship.

"......that means you've reached 10 circles over 9 circles."

He thought it was ridiculous but asked if he was trying to confirm it.

"No, there's no such thing as 10 circles. You're a stupid baldhead."

The top 10 sex magic exists, but the concept of 10 circles does not exist.

the three phases of eight circles

Recognition, assimilation, implementation.

three stages of nine circles

Understanding, realization, transcendence.

Being above this definitely was different from the concept of circle.

to tell the truth That he is used to the magic he uses. And, aside from Manasseh, the depth of my enlightenment is quite different from that of Knicks.

There was no reason to give the details.

How many times do you repeat baldness? Are you mocking me?"

In the end, I only shrugged at his angry cry.

See, if you make fun of him for being bald, he gets a lot of responses.

In fact, it is the way Hares used it to create a gap in the Knicks.

Sword god Hareth, the gentleman.

Although he is a great prosecutor and a great figure in his image.

As far as I know, Hares is a mad dog who bites into his opponent's weaknesses.

Rather, in that regard, it is no different from the Cheonma Dokgo standard, but it is often worse, so what else should I say?

I think she's pretty upset with her father, too.

Did the lazy and bad-tempered man ever say anything to me?'

No way.

"We can't tolerate the same kind of provocation! Great. The existence of the Spirit King is amazing! I will show you my power that is different from before!"

His huge new form, which he shouted violently, began to come to mind again.

Then his whole body stretched out his hands and began to burst out like a volcanic eruption.

"Ahhhhook!

Reina's expression, which had been recovering in Elaim's arms as if she was shocked that her opponent had never shown her ability so far, died black.

Ugh! That's enough for Davy. More manna than you...

Although the Knicks were known as 8 circles, he quickly revived and accepted and borrowed the power of something other than the world's

Without even realizing it. No, to be exact, it would be better to assume that someone other than Nick himself is empowering him.

As a result, the ceremony to release the seal, which should be realized for a long time, took advantage of the weakened seal, progressed faster than expected.

No matter how much the seal is pushed to the limit, it does not make sense that the seal is suddenly released without any sign.

The fact that Caldiras, the new prosecutor, did not notice the Knicks' seal at all is also a great evidence of this unusual incident.

Furthermore, his power has become more powerful than twice that of his time 3,000 years ago.

However, the majority may be a little too much to be considered simply the power of the Knicks. It was a bit of a foreign force.

"You're strangely used to this feeling, aren't you? Persec."

Yeah...

"The back of the coin."

The one we saw underneath the vampire ruins. I felt it underneath the mysterious underground where the giant dragon's bones were. It is the power of abyss.

Persek's expression got serious when I said it.

"You're always doing whatever you want to do it. I'll put the brakes on you to be careful."

Ddalang...

Apparently the mana he's exhaling now exceeds the total amount of mana I can make available. This means that they are not 9 circles for nothing.

Yes, the total amount of manna I can make available.

That's the play! Boom!

I couldn't stand the pressure, so the bottom of my line split and sank little by little by little.

Without expressing any magic, it is possible when the opponent overwhelmingly has more mana than I do, crushing my mana with the vast amount of simple command mana.

It's not efficient enough. It also meant that it was a show of strength that was not much useless.

I took out the necklace I had on my neck.

It was a simple necklace on the outside, but there was a small jewel at the end.

It was also an unknown creature that the current world's number [Al] gave me as he awakened.

It was also one of the compensation offered by Priya Goddess in this deal.

The jade that has already begun to work makes a difference.

"Let's synchronize."

Bo-ok, who was responding with a throbbing heart, soon began to react as if my voice was starting up.

"Do you like the power struggle? I like it dirty, too."

Coo-oong!

A very short sound of shock spreads everywhere. At the same time, his commanding officer Manna, who was running violently, became rigid for a moment, and his strength, which was pressing me, faltered.

"Let's have an ignorant power struggle."

Argh!!!

At the same time, the jade glowed like crazy, and the pure refined mana in my whole body began to work like crazy.

a circle made of whole-body Additional heart circles were resonated to use the circle mana in parallel.

Like a beast who woke up from a long sleep, he roars and reveals his presence.

Three items were added to the jade, which was rewarded with the first liberation, and exposed to the power of abyss.

[First Emancipation]

limited supplies For a limited time, Bandin's cow's head, Davy O'Roon.

[Perfect synchronization of body and soul.]

under the heading of

It's a small expression for Alice's previous strike.

My soul is complete.

The body does not.

Manna, the head coach of the Knicks, who was running frantically and weighing on his surroundings, soon began to be trampled by the force that burst out of my body.

Knowing how vast his power is, the Knicks never thought he would simply be overwhelmed by it.

Simply calculating it, his present strength will be greater than that of the previous king.

In terms of simple combat capabilities, Persek's power is higher, but on the same side, the total amount is a landslide victory for the Knicks, who have lived longer than Persek.

"Huh?"

"Come down."

I raised one hand, pointed at him, and quickly pulled my finger in the direction of the ground.

Boom!!!

At the same time, his whole body was crushed to the ground by the simple power of Manna.

It is an inefficient and meaningless power struggle in the same way.

But that was enough.

"Huh?! This... this is ridiculous!"

"What do you think, it's awesome? I'm confident in a power struggle."

Even in the corridor, there are very few heroes who could weigh me down with a simple manna.

The reason why they couldn't control it easily was this inefficient show of strength, how dare you!

There is a small mine near my mouth. I started to feel as if I was drunk.

Davy? You... What's wrong with you?

"Quadddeuk!"

The huge skeleton of the Knicks, who resisted desperately, began to crumble as if it had been crushed by a huge press.