288 # 288

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 12th and 11th episodes

99. The Tower Society.

After reaching the place for a long time and no one I can drop me off slowly.

Knock, knock!

Layna, who had a blank look on her face, looked up at me and said, "I can't believe it."

"Just now... ..what the hell... ..."

"Look at your feet."

She quietly rolled up her skirt and opened her eyes wide at my feet.

Her clear feet were slowly blurring out what had happened.

"What the... ..."

"What do you think would happen if something foreign came into a person's body?"

When an antigen enters, the human body naturally creates antibodies.

She is.

It meant that he began to reject the rules of the world.

God's will and the rules of the world are different things.

It is said that the rule was created by God's will, but as a result, two things are different.

"Then... ..I will..."

"Yes, it's forgotten. I told you, you'll regret it."

Her expression died black at my words.

Without even realizing it, they must be attached to their group.

She and her companions were obviously comrades who shared life and death in her world, but on the contrary, they were still inexperienced here, who had never met her.

"I can't... I can't..."

She murmured helplessly that her presence disappeared without anyone being remembered.

"The first thing you've expected since you got here, wasn't it?"

She opened her eyes wide at my words and looked up at me.

"This is what you want... this is what you want."

And. She woke up in a fit and collapsed.

Holding her down, I immediately moved to her room, laid her on the bed and sat beside her.

"......"

She said nothing while lying on the bed.

"There's no problem with your body, but your mind will slowly fade. It's going to be hard to stand."

"I'm... Are you going to die now?"

"Yes."

She smiled dejectedly at my calm words.

She smiled for a long time, and soon slowly raised her arms, covered my eyes, and clenched her teeth.

"I don't want to die..."

It was only a few days, but a week would have been a happy life she had lost.

"I don't want to be forgotten..."

"Everyone is."

"Are you forgetting me, too?"

I didn't answer what she said.

Instead, she slowly removed her blindfolded hand.

Her eyes were stained with tears when she pulled out her hand.

"Why am I... ...now I'm...

"It's regrettable, isn't it? It's useless, right? Revenge is empty, isn't it? If I hadn't raved about my useless revenge, I would have lived longer than I am now."

She clenched her lips and couldn't say anything.

"Yes..."

"You don't freeze to death, if someone hits you on the cheek, you're going to have to pull out all of his hard-boiled teeth."

You're not a saint or a saint.

She slowly turned to me at my words.

"Good job."

"I want to live more... ..I don't want to die..."

Desperately she came to me.

"How much time do I have?"

"About two hours?"

"Bring me on, please."

She gradually struggled.

"I don't want to forget even if everyone forgets me. It was a very short moment, but you showed me the light."

Rather, let's have a happy dream until the end, even by ourselves.

"It's a short time, but I'll never forget that you showed me that light."

I just waited patiently for her ever-deepening behavior.

"Before you forget me..."

Now the presence of the warrior Reina on this land, or throughout the continent, has all been forgotten.

Perhaps sooner or later she and her companions will be remembered in a different way.

She smiled dejectedly as I was not doing anything.

"You're right, thank you... ...for remembering me until the end of the world."

She held my arm in a tearful voice.

"Even if I forget everything, I will remember you. Even if I had a chance to make a precious reincarnation you gave me."

Forever, I will never forget this heart.

At her words, I quietly chucked her forehead away.

Reflectively pushed on the bed, she lay down and I said as if I were throwing cold water on my heart.

"What are you talking about?"

Her expression turned a little dazed.

"What?"

"I can't forget."

She was silent in my answer.

"I want to erase it, but I can't."

I can't forget a single thing because she's gone by the wayside.

In a sense, it was a curse, and it was nothing short of pain.

Then I slowly opened my eyes and asked, closing my eyes.

Perhaps my usual red eyes are now blue.

"Do you want to live?"

She couldn't say anything to my question.

"That's very cruel. Yeah, do you want to live?"

Quietly silent, she eventually shed tears.

"I have to say this now, but I don't want to die... ...if I can."

I finally found a good life. I loved your happy life.

The desire for happiness has become too great to feel for a moment like this.

"Then hang in there with your teeth."

She opened her eyes round at my words.

At the same time, a large magic pearl was made on the entire floor of her bed.

Then it slowly disappeared.

"Don't ever forget. Do you know if it's going to be a miracle."

"It wouldn't be a miracle for anyone... ...anyway, thank you. If I remember you, I will give my life to you then."

Her smile slowly faded away into the light.

And I watched to the end the moment she disappeared.

"Did I say I was your best friend here?"

When I nodded at her words, she smiled and slowly approached me.

Then he raised his heel, kissed me lightly on the cheek, and smiled softly.

"Please take good care of me."

That's all that. She disappeared into utter light.

at the same time

After she disappeared, there was only a small cluster of light left.

She was forgotten in everyone's memory.

We cannot save those who have no choice but to die.

It's my body and my soul that's out of providence, not Raina. She used up her life according to her providence.

That's how it disappeared.

I was the only one who remembered her.

Perhaps not everyone remembers this day.

It was quite annoying, but I silently picked up the remaining lump of light.

It was a brilliant white stone that gave off light.

It's not just a jewel.

It was a decision made by hardened soul.

She thinks she's completely gone.

It is a fragment left by a sacred soul who made noble sacrifices.

She unknowingly left her own mark, and I didn't miss it.

If there is only one being who remembers her, and she has the last lingering desire to live.

Magic effects will surely exist.

[9 Circle]

[Great law system]

[Key to Laplace]

You can't do anything by the law of the world.

But only one thing for me. I found another way in the fight against the Knicks.

Hmm? Davy, what happened to your face?

"It's nothing."

It just takes a little while.

If you keep wanting to live until then. I'll save you at the end of the last.

It was obvious why the master had made a deal by using the word redemption to me.

And I also know the weight of the word redemption, so I don't judge it carelessly.

At the same time, the items about the last salvation of the poor completely disappeared from the status window that had been activated.

* * *

After Reina disappeared, not only Persek but also Lünne could not remember her.

The world went on as usual. Her achievements remained as if they had been settled by my own hands.

Thanks to this, it became more troublesome, but suspicions did not follow as long as he was in the position of a saint who communicated with God in the first place.

It was funny.

It's not easy to get rid of all the traces of someone who made it clean as if you had a dream all night.

"Orbani, I got an invitation from the tower. It's Ullis."

the youngest elder on the Red Tower He was a man of a similar age to Reina, who was a genius, humble, and quite gentle impression.

It's been a long time since he contacted me like that.

"Princess Maria and her sister Tanya went to the Moon Forest. Both of you like Hwall. I was very interested in Elf's archery. That's why I heard that Yuri officially invited you two."

Varys left for the palace to decide the state of affairs for the first time in accordance with the king orders.

There was only one left, but Winley was also invited at the right time.

"Oh, my God! There's good news. Brother. I'll go to the Red Tower."

Her words stopped me from processing the documents quickly.

"The Red Tower?"

"Yes, sir. Yulice is going to present a formal paper at the conference. I was invited there, too! Oh, my God, it's like a dream! I've heard that only the best of wizards can attend."

Even if it looks like that, Winnie can be called the wizard of 4 circles.

So it would not be strange to be interested in the subject of magic.

"Good for you."

I slowly got up from my seat as I stared at the lump of flesh in the medicine on one side of the desk.

"I've got a commission for the tower. I'll take you there myself."

The Red Tower is not far, but it must have been commissioned by this side.

Why don't we just call the sorcerer of the Red Tower branch here?

The man I was about to ask for a favor was not just a sorcerer of the Red Tower.

Hellison Valestia.

He was a wizard at the Red Tower called the Great Sage of 7 Circles.

With a sorcerer like that, I would at least have the necessary ingredients for what I'm about to do with this damn abyss creature.

"Your brother? Well... it doesn't matter. In the letter, if you're interested, please come to see us."

I looked quietly nodding at the words of Winnie, who flicked the letter and smiled brightly.

"The Society..."

Aren't you really looking forward to it?"

I slowly nodded at Winley's request for sympathy with her eyes glistening.

a society where all the great wizards gather to discuss knowledge and argue over it

It's such a huge event attended by three of the continental towers, the magic limit. Or a group of people who pride themselves on being the essence.

I mean...

Acting cute?