285 # 285

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 12th and the 8th Episodes

The sight of street food with red sauce made me feel spicy.

"Do you eat spicy food well?""

Reina, who stood blankly around my question, came to me in a fit of anger.

And when I saw the food I gave to the street vendor, I squinted my eyes.

"It's... ..."

"Well, this place is famous for its good taste. Would you like to try it?"

"The lord... ...do you know this?"

"Because it's my family."

Her eyes wriggled with a nervous look on her nose. The previous one was less scented, but this one is beyond imagination.

But she seemed to be concerned about something else rather than the spicy scent.

"It's been years since I lost my taste because of the aftermath of the experiment. So I can't taste anything. What, are you trying to stimulate me with spicy food?"

"Whatever you want."

"I'm sorry, but I don't even feel the spiciness. I don't know what he was after. We can't forget your gratitude for saving our company."

She took a casual bite of the skewers and soon looked up at me, muzzling silently.

The expression looked as if there was nothing wrong with it.

I slowly raised my hand and opened my three fingers.

Then they folded one by one.

Soon, when you fold your last finger completely.

"Oh, my God!"

Her confident expression instantly began to distort.

At the same time, her new model collapsed.

"Wow!"

Her face, curled up and covered her mouth and shed tears, was more and more spectacular.

And yet she never tries to scream or make it obvious...

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

There's no way he can hold out.

When she gave her a fruit juice drink, which was crying and struggling, she gulped it down, forgetting her face.

Then he turned around with a red face and breathed a short sigh of relief.

Of course it was her who never forgot to stare at me.

Pride seemed still ten years ago or ten years later.

"Hahahahahahahaha"

That's awful. How do you think you're gonna screw the future and the reality?

With a burst of laughter, she raises her face with tears in her eyes and glaring at me.

The expression was definitely young, but it was a little different from what she had seen so far.

"Now, you look like a human being."

She clenched her teeth at my words. It wouldn't be weird to throw it away if it was so spicy. She chewed it up and swallowed it and stuck the rest out to me.

"Eat it."

"I'm fine."

"Do you think it's edible?""

"Hmm! Lady, I'm sorry if you say so."

She bowed her head in amazement at the beating of Dwarf who was coughing.

"I'm sorry. That's not what I meant."

"Hahahaha! Well, I think it's similar to last time."

"Uh... don't nag!"

I burst out laughing and reached out my hand.

"I don't really care."

"Ha... you'll regret it."

She didn't seem to recognize that she was smiling confidently.

I think it's going to be gentle.

'Let's stimulate it a little more.'

"Really?"

[Belated]

[Deteriorating smell]

Nothing's changed from cheating Illinois or her before.

It didn't matter.

It's his fault for being deceived.

Seeing me chewing and swallowing like nothing else, she was expecting a lot of spiciness to come soon enough to drain her tears and runny nose.

"Are you a person? What the... Why, are you fine?"

Although he expressed a perfectly natural question. After scratching it to the last minute, I flicked a wooden skewer and laughed.

"The cat's tongue is old and new."

"Geez!"

I soon walked away with a rough pat on her furious head.

"Follow me. I'm going somewhere else."

"Hey, hey!"

She didn't know.

Ever since talking to a Dwarf street vendor, her whole nerves have been on my side, not on the lookout.

People are.

You have to live like a human.

Even on the last way.

Having erased her invisible smile, I immediately moved to the next place.

* * *

a plump pub

The pub, full of excited young people and mercenaries passing through it, was full of energy as if they had given away rules and calmness like ordinary pubs.

"This is... "

"Have you never been here before?"

"I don't like being loud. Besides, I don't like alcohol itself."

"I think I used to like it pretty much."

"It's like a trauma. The maids loved drinking too much."

Clearly, Illina loved the lively look.

I was a person who stuck to the cold impression but liked to see people who were talking with bright faces.

But Reina was different.

There was no law in the first place that required her to be the same 10 years ago and 10 years later.

"Come on! What can I give you?"

"Two barley beers. And, just the right side dish."

The pub owner giggled and nodded as he took some silver coins out of his arms.

"Have a good time. Degradation."

"You quick-witted people."

"Hahahaha! If you don't recognize the decline, you're not a servant of this land, you're a spy. The only ones who don't recognize you because you're a little bit of a disguise are the outsiders."

"How are you these days?"

"The Wallpies have disappeared since you turned them upside down. Most of the rest of the guys are self-sustaining."

The shopkeeper giggled and liked.

"No thanks, just get me a drink. If you get caught while putting something in like last time, you'll break your wrist."

"Hey, degradation, that's the herb that came down my family's gazette..."

"Well, that's for you."

"Hmm... I see."

He made a proper disguise so that he wouldn't be seen. It's a good idea to change your appearance completely. In the first place, there was no reason to do so, as I had occasional experience of wandering outside the territory like this.

"Sometimes... you must be here."

I'm sure it's Youngjoo. Reina carefully asked if it was surprising that Young-joo was used to drinking in such a pub.

"How do you look?"

"Well... I don't think it's going to be bad."

She was unable to speak easily, and I soon handed her a beer of barley.

"The taste will be fine. Drink it."

"I don't drink."

"Drink like you and your party's medical bills. If you don't drink, I'll charge your party for medical bills. There's no medical insurance here, so it'll be quite expensive."

"......"

She slowly lifted the glass with a curious expression of discontent at my words.

And he took a one-shot shot as if he were showing his pride.

"Oh dear, I drink well. Here! Here's another drink."

In response, I pushed her to fill her glass with beer without giving her a break.

"......what are you going to do with me drinking?"

"Stop worrying about useless things and take it."

"Come on... wait a minute! Just a moment ago..."

"Oh, I don't know!"

She was forced to drink another glass in my passion.

"Ehh... It's delicious. Is this really beer?"

"Yes."

One, two, three.

The constant encouragement didn't put her on alert, just like the first shot.

But what do I do? It's too late.

This is where I come every time I visit the land.

Therefore, the owner of this place usually treats the alcohol I told you about.

On the surface, it was called barley beer. This is a notorious drink that is so delicious that you don't know if you're drunk.

* * *

Hiccups!

"......"

Drunk, Layna squinted at the glass in front of her eyes.

"It's empty."

"Yes."

"More, please."

"Stop drinking."

"More... ...give me!

She whined at me as if the child were on a whim.

"Take it."

I pretended not to be able to win, and she gulped down the beer as if she had been waiting.

It was definitely a loud pub.

But there was no one around now. This is due to the fact that the residents of Yeongji, who slowly noticed, have left their seats.

It wasn't my intention, but they seemed to have attached useless meaning to the fact that I was drinking with a woman.

Not a single person knows that she is currently a rumored warrior on the continent.

Thanks to this, her heart echoed softly throughout the pub.

Hiccups!

Reina, who had another hiccup, stared at me with a blank look on her beer glass.

"What's wrong with you?""

Then he told me as if he was in a fit of anger.

"What."

"Why didn't you save me?"

"......"

Illinois, which I knew, has rarely shown alcoholism, so it was actually a little surprising.

"I saved you."

"Not that! When the Nicks treated me like a guinea pig... ...when I was held captive by those mahjongs."

Tears welled up in her eyes as she was speaking.

"It hurt so much... so much shame..."

"Yes, I know how you feel, let's go to bed. Get another drink."

I gave out another drink without saying anything unnecessary.

"I'm dirty, aren't I?""

"When you look at the human body, your hands, feet and tongue are full of germs. If that's the case, there's no one who isn't dirty."

"Me! She's not as clean as you think! It's like...

"Do we need to bring up unnecessary details and recall them?"

She gulped down her drink and fell flat on her upper body.

"So... ..it was an easy thing to do... ..why...why did everyone die to protect me.

As a resistance to the Ma tribe where she lived. She lost countless colleagues.

In the meantime, there must have been Katherine the Great of Lindis. Others certainly existed, too. But there they all died defending Illinois. She was the only one who had a way to kill the Knicks.

"Failed... ...they were all dead... ..and I couldn't kill Nick... ...and I was dying, too. But when I opened my eyes, I found this place..."

She was in tears when she was at the end of her words were blurred.

"Why am I here..."

"Wasn't you the last person alive in a group called the Resistance?"

"......"

"It's great that God gives a miracle to one person, not just a matter of it. It's not easy to be loved so much when you're not a saint or a saint."

She kept hiccupping and crying at my words.

"From the very beginning... ...if I knew... how good it was to be in this world... ...I wanted to do a lot of things... ...and I wanted to love and travel like the adventurers in the fairy tale."

She went on and on.

"Lynforce Alpha, the White Bird that followed me, wouldn't have disappeared in vain..."

I spoke quietly at the tone of my bitter regret.

"Yes, yes, thank you for your hard work."

"Now a week."

She answered in a voice full of remorse. The voice slowly faded from sleep.

"I wish I could have lived in a world like this... ..I wish I could have been greedy."

Eventually, when she fell asleep, I got up.

"Are you done with your business?"

"Yes, here's a tip."

"Oh dear, put it in. I don't know how much profit I'm getting just from the rumor that you're coming here. If you come anytime, we'll take care of you without any time."

I threw a smirk at the laughing master, and I fell down and quietly carried Layna on my back.

It's impossible to just do what you want... ...and live what you want.

Perserk, who was looking pitifully at Layna on my back, muttered bitterly.

"It's not what you have to say. It's not something you feel guilty about."

He has a history of antagonizing his father as an adversary and the devil, and who would sympathize with him?

And Persec, the demon of the world where she lived, was different from her now.

Her life was not long in the first place. I would have lived a little longer if she hadn't gone into rut at the end. As a result, she has about a week to live. I can't save her now. It's something she doesn't want herself to do.

She is.

It was a dust that should not exist in this world.

She had no self-preservation, but a single commitment to protecting this place, even if she died.

But somewhere in his mind, he had a lingering desire to smile happily.

"I'll take care of you until you go."

No one here knows the forgotten past of a man who has fought for the entire human race. Even a country that knows can give it to her.

Beyond simple calculations.

Are you saying it's saintly?

"There's nothing like a saint in the world.

Good deeds are something that everyone can do.

It was clear that the Priya given was the will of a quite clever God.

They have offered certain compensation so that it is not worth worrying about.

When the status window was activated, it seemed that the transaction item, which had remained and had been bright enough to show its presence, was clouded as if it would disappear any moment.