282 # 282

The Manreb hero is coming back!

twelve volumes and five episodes

97. Let him go.

The power of the Knicks changed the sky and made the red star rise.

Not really a star, but at least the constellation that symbolizes him was also a symbol of his power.

That red star.

"Sara... ..lose."

Reina, who was much better than the first time, looked up at the sky and muttered.

It's virtually no surprise that the sky is changing, but what it means is not light.

The boy in front of me who is not yet in his 20s.

It is the fact that the king's closest aide, No Life King, who massacred many continents and races from other parallel lines, is overpowering.

The power of the Knicks, which had now been determined, contained more enormous power than that of the world in which she lived.

As if it would be natural for the blood and wind to blow on the continent as soon as he was subdued.

But even the stronger Knicks were trampled like a child.

"Gosh! Ma... ..go to the source of the prima facie..."

[Dispell]

Kwachang!!!

"Ahhhhh! Wailing! Your footsteps..."

[Dispell]

Kwachang!!!

If the opponent's magic is broken by force, the wizard will experience a reverse flow of power.

Seven, eight, even nine.

I poured out all the magic of magic, but not one of the Knicks' magic was completed.

"Hey, what are you doing? Won't you get up?"

Wham!

His skeleton, which is hard enough not to be easily cut by the strength of the Swordmaster, is slowly breaking under simple pressure.

The difference in power is too obvious.

It's so strong. It's as if I was hallucinating to the point where I let go of my first feeling.

The boy's power had no effect.

It wasn't so weak that it couldn't affect it.

It's too big.

It seems that he changed his surroundings completely because he couldn't influence them.

Is this possible for a single creature?

[Contractor...]

At that time, Reina could feel the voice of Ellaime, the Spirit of Water, who was holding her.

Then, her eyes opened wide when she saw a young smile on Davy's face.

"Huh?"

I felt my whole body twisted with the creeps.

What was young on the boy's face was sheer innocence, madness, and excitement that could not be regarded as the saint of the Lord.

"Hey, get up, you punk. Life is real."

Quasitic!

One of the Knicks' shoulders broke as he was trampled without resistance.

Reflectively, Knicks raised his hand to create a huge blue chain, but before the magic was completed, the chain was scattered with a flash of the boy's eyes.

"Huh?! This is ridiculous..."

"Bite your tongue. Bite it, oh, I have no tongue. But how do you talk? Hahaha."

"Mi... ...crazy!"

an ultra-fast, silent-window dispel

Even she, who has been at war for nearly a decade, has never seen a monster perform such nonsense.

But why?

The boy looked so scared by Reina's gaze.

It felt as if I had been thrown in front of a giant beast without my body.

"Hey! Hey! Hey! More flirting!"

Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!

However, Reina was a young woman who was strangely anxious about the boy's behavior of attacking like a crazy dog.

"Hahahahahaha! You're dead, you bastard!"

"Huck! Huck! Now... ...wait!"

"I don't know!"

Then, she could see.

That the Knicks started preparing for something even as their whole body was breaking.

In the first place, his opponent was the Knicks, who were called the first Richie and the No Life King.

As a rich man without a life bezel, he can't die if his simple body is broken.

'Oh, no...'

The indescribable sense of dexterity, helplessness, and self-destruction toward him disappeared at once. At the same time, she moved slowly.

Don't move. Human, do you know your condition?]

King Spirit, who was pouring out light green rain but maintained his shape for about half a year. At Elime's warning, Reina clenched her teeth and moved back and worked her muscles too hard.

"Just... my dear."

Desperately, she bit her lips hard enough to tear them apart.

At the same time, the last soul left in her body slowly began to burn out.

[Human!!]

"Let me go, King Spirit. Please, I... I have to go... ...someone has to sacrifice..."

In short, she looked at Ella with a determined look.

"If you kill him like that... ...he must be resurrected... ...so that he won't be revived here."

I know Prince Davy is strong. No matter how strong he is, the result will be the same if he does not deal with his roots.

[Do you know your condition?]]

"Well... I know. I can't live long anyway, for a few days at the longest... ..so."

You have to do it yourself. In the first place, there was no reason for her to send resentment, shame, or dexterity to a boy named Davy. I think it's just childish.k.a.k.a. kid.

In the first place. The source of that dark heart. It was sick and tired of her to be swayed by the dark feelings that were constantly whispering in her head about that hateful work of Knicks.

For the sake of the other insurgents who died to protect themselves, even to pay for their inadequate preparations.

He is still concentrating on training the sword without knowing anything.

Just to protect Ilina de Palan, a 17-year-old girl.

Here, in exchange for his death, completely annihilate the Knicks.

Didn't you come all the way here with the intention of burning your soul to the ground?

Slowly starting up, Reina's back showed a light-made Sae-Kaman wing.

Lifting up Caldiras, which was almost broken, she stroked the sword.

"Thank you, Caldiras. It's the last... ...but at least at the end, let's stay together."

Caldiras, whose ego collapsed after reviving her spirit, which had suffered for years as a captive of the Ma tribe, and completely collapsed, had an inexplicable guilt.

After saying goodbye for a short time, she drew her breath and burned all the remaining fire of life.

And

Around the time when Knicks' hands, which are trampled by a boy but preparing for an unidentified magic, touch the boy.

She squeezed out all the remaining force and dug it in, and stabbed Caldiras into the Knicks' skull.

At the same time, Knicks' hands stretched out on her chest.

The moment it touches, it is death.

None of the insurgents survived that. Even an arbitrator who cannot see the balance of power that tilts overwhelmingly tilted.

The boy should not die here. He should not have been fatally wounded.

if it is rather unavoidable He will die for himself and protect him.

I thought so.

Raina realized too late that the boy's behavior was faster than she thought.

Aside from her sword penetrating the Knicks' skull, just before his hand touched her body.

The boy's hand, which popped out in an instant, penetrated Raina's waist and snatched the Knicks' arm and bent it.

"Don't mess with me."

At the same time, a cold voice was heard like the first time, unlike a crazy insanity just now.

"Whether he runs away or dies, I'll take care of it, so just watch the patient."

With a cold tone of voice. Her new model bounced off.

"Huh?"

She rolled on the floor, missing even the broken caldiras, and soon saw the boy standing still.

He had to stop it, but the boy blocked it. In the end, the power was right for Davy, not Reina.

The boy will either die here or be hit hard.

Until the end, the vanity of her face was young that she had done nothing.

Flaming...

Then, as she said, a purple flame began to glaze over the boy's arm, which had encountered Nick's hand.

It will burn endlessly. It's a flame that never goes out.

The boy, looking down at his arm, soon smiled calmly and lightly shook his arm in the air.

Whoo!

Then something surprising happened. The flame of death that no one could ever take off. It was scattered as if a bug were being robbed.

At the same time, the intangible curtain, which was not visible from the boy's arm, broke as if it were broken.

"Do you know how many times you've used it to fight me?"

The boy's way of speaking was not a rush or bitterness, but a nuisance.

* * *

The magic was so easy that it was lost in vain.

Reina, who could not erase her dejected expression beyond her dead eyes, was silent as if even Nyx, who squeezed her strength to make the final counterattack, had lost his words.

"Uh... how did you... ..."

"What, this?"

His blurred vision shook even more as I grinned after lightly stepping on the burning small embers on the floor.

Pars...

At the same time, Knicks' remaining bones slowly became powder and began to disperse. In an excessively excessive situation, it is inevitable that the wrong force will be overloaded.

Davy, are you okay?

Hm? What happened?'

Persec's face, which stood beside me with a faded complexion, was distorted by my question. She squinted at me, erasing her signature soft expression.

You just... you don't remember?

Ignoring what she said, I whispered to Knicks.

"You've never seen me before."

What the hell are you talking about?"

"I'm so used to you."

More than 10,000 total triples.

If you want to resent it, you can resent the lazy sword, which is still alive after becoming a spirit.

Whack!!

Tremblingly speaking, he stepped on his skull and smashed it, then racked his strength.

The power that had been frantic began to fade away.

So far, there is still time for synchronization between the body and soul, but there was no reason to show off strength when there was no object.

The black sky, which was the symbol of the Knicks, disappeared, and when the red constellation disappeared, all that remained was the sky with the sunset.

"Apocalypse flare? It's Nick's magic. He's pretty strong."

I don't know how many times I've been hit by that force. He dug in and out again and again to grasp his magic principles, and eventually he had already made a method.

More importantly, the change in my mind as the body synchronized with the soul.

[David] Here's more than 70 percent of your divine power. I'll seal it to your soul.]

[What? Are you crazy? How did you collect these? Honestly, it's not easy for divine power to gather...]

[This dog x foot x bird like this?] What your sister said is ridiculous? Let's put it in when we say something nice. What?]

She's frozen to death, old as she is...

Since then, he has lived without taste and smell for nearly 15 years.

At first, Daphne did what she did. But hundreds of years later, I learned about it.

That excessive accumulation of power causes side effects.

But is it serious? Actually, it wasn't. It's just...

It's just a problem that they become a black history.

In fact, if Reina hadn't intervened in the middle, the insane dark history would have continued.

"You thought that would kill the Knicks?"

"......"

Reina said nothing to my question.

"I'm sure the Knicks you knew are going to die. I think we came all the way here after seeing that."

"......"

"By the way, he's running away alive."

Her eyes opened wide at my words. I said quietly, pressing her desperately to lift herself up again with my hand and lying down again.

"Let him go."

After saying so, I pushed my hand into the subspace.

In the first place, it wasn't the Nicks' shell that I was aiming for. It was the spirit of the Knicks itself, which fused with the power of abyss.

It's very...

Soon after, the transcendental class of objects that had been locked up until now was held in my hands and began to form.

Then, it came out of the world with a light spark.

One of the remaining conditions that the goddess Freya has put on me for this. It was the bow that was taken out of the core of the transcendental class.

The antique design of the palace shed light powder as if there was something great on the outside.

Then I took another thing out of the subspace. none other than from the second ruins of Sert. Something made to exterminate Knicks.

It was only one shot.

With the arrows holding the light on the bow without a word, I gathered many of my madly active mana and put them in the bow and began to pull them.

Let him go.

The results will not change anyway.

I glared my eyes as everyone was silent, pointing a longbow at the invisible air.

Then, he slipped his feet, supported his body, and set the bow of the janggung.

It's simply an ignorant archery shot, but the arrow is not an ordinary guy.

[Shingung Brunak]

[Defeating the Dead]

[Invincible Guest]

Two boom!

The arrow that left the bow quickly created a huge illustration.

It tore through the air and disappeared.

Persec looked suspicious because the only arrow made to kill Knicks disappeared into the air, but I didn't care and threw the new palace Brunak into the subspace.

At the same time, the cracks in the magma, which are different from the commander Manna, who began to spread as if protecting the Knicks, began to appear in front of me.

The black crack, which is not even known what is in it, slowly grew and created a huge circle-shaped distortion.

As I watched it in silence and calmly, I could soon hear the voice coming from it.

[Ah...Ah... my... my... my... my... my... half... my dark soul...

It was an incomprehensible voice, but soon after the crack began to change.

In the dark where nothing was seen, the only tentacles began to pop out.

And then

With trembling hands, I grabbed my earlobes and wound Percerk, who was supporting me for a moment.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa?!

Tentacles such as slippery octopus legs catch her and drag her into the cracks.

For the first time, the body of Persec, which no one but Hongdan can see, was realized outside the world.

At the same time, her blue screams rang out.

"Si... No! No!!!"

Her desperately struggling power, forgetting her dignity, was now so feeble that she could not resist a bunch of tentacles.

[Woman... We... Mother...]

A dark voice rang out again.

Because she couldn't resist with her feeble magic and strength, the black tentacles were more tightly pulled out, tying and pulling her whole body without a break.

I opened my eyes when I saw her being dragged by the power of the back of the coin, which refuses the rules of the dead and the dead.

That's useful!

I felt that Persec, who was sticking to his relaxed behavior, found something that would freak him out.

You bastard!!

Oh dear.

Her expression was frowned upon as if she had read the consciousness that had already been exposed to me.

At the same time, I laughed eeriely when I snatched some of the distorted cracks with my hands.

Her face, blue with such a smile and teary face, made an anxious expression.

The octopus legs that look perfect for bothering someone. The power to implement the dead is attractive enough.

"Hey, you guys, that looks good?"

Ignoring her expression, I grabbed the crack with my bare hands.

It's none of my business what the goddess Priya thinks about balancing the world.

I'm ready to tear everything off if it helps with my grand life goal!

"I want you to take care of yourself. Let's not just use it alone, but let's use it together."

Give me that.

A man doesn't die without an arm and a leg.

At the moment, I feel like a bunch of tentacles flinched a lot.

What's the matter?