280 # 280

The Manreb hero is coming back!

12 volumes and 3 episodes

I don't know much about magic.

But one thing was clear.

His statement that he would die when the minute hand of the clock goes around one turn is true.

"Wake up, Mercy!"

It would have been easy if the Knicks' seal hadn't been released.

But that's impossible, and if only one seal was released. He had to kill the Knicks who couldn't recover his strength.

It was Knicks who couldn't even kill the sword, but she still had one way to kill him.

Of course, it was a low probability, so we needed three people's help.

Now that the most important thing, Mercy, succumbed to the power of the Knicks and collapsed with bubbles, all the plans were in vain.

Reina, who had a reflexive black-and-white air current throughout her body, attacked Knicks.

At least Mercy will have to buy time to recover.

If you don't use the last trick in the first place, the power gap is overwhelmingly large. However, if it collapses here now, it's all over.

Prince Davey, a saint believed to have exhausted most of his strength.

And what would be the sacrifice of Grand Catherine, who believed in them and blocked the enemy alone?

The air flowing from Reina's whole body, which bit her teeth, slowly begins to twist.

Whoo!

At the same time, her shot, which had penetrated like a shell, struck hard as if to split the Knicks' whole body.

"Hooray..."

Partly blocked by something flashing black, but the shock might have been transmitted, and the blue lining of the Knicks was noticeable.

"That's amazing. It implies this much power..."

He slowly moved his hand, showing real pure curiosity.

Whaaaaah!

At the same time, Reina's body was thrown to the height of the ceiling, once it was stuck in the ceiling, and then crashed again.

"Cough!"

With the overwhelming force exerted in an instant, Reina vomited a handful of blood over the mask.

At the same time, some of her masks were cracked.

"Oh... no."

With her reflective mask on, she trembled.

"Raina! It's wrong! Let's get back!"

"No! If you step back now, everything will go down in smoke."

Even if you die, you must destroy him here. So Reina insisted. It's the most foolish act, but the only future that will be left to stand down is misery.

"Essilt! Let Mercil rest! I'll buy you time!"

At the cry, Eshilt, a new bride who was shaking, held the cane more tightly and nodded.

"Lona! Protect Eshilt and Mercil!"

"Okay."

Royna, who erased her usual vitality with a firm voice, took out the shield on her back and put it out.

Then he took the posture and burst out the white light.

[Holly Defense]

It was a protective shield for the knights, though it was feeble compared to the strength of the rampage.

Are we waiting for the group to wake up? However, what can a human being do that is weak enough to cause Manna to flow back into the torrent of power?"

Whaaaaah!

As if it was not worth answering, Raina's sword hit the shroud protecting the Knicks with another black-and-white flame.

Of course, it will be blocked because it was blocked twice.

On the attack that blocked the path again, Reina did not stop and bounced the sword as if she had missed it, and changed the route and hit several more shots in a row as if it were spinning.

Three or four blows with overwhelming weight are fired, but the protective barrier is not broken.

Layna herself was the one who became more impatient. It was strange.

It is true that Rich Knicks was strong, but he was too strong for his strength.

I can't believe his power is real.

The aftermath of Reina's test was apparent, as if she were a runaway photographer.

In fact, every time she swung the sword, the whole community vibrated and there was a huge scar on the wall behind the Knicks.

But it didn't hurt Knicks.

"That's interesting. Interesting!"

The minute hand keeps moving. The minute hand was already more than 15 minutes and more than 20 minutes.

Frustrated at not hurting a third of her time in an instant, Reyna drew a force that had been forced into her, burning her soul into her body.

I wouldn't cover anything to kill him.

There is a sense of dexterity that it feels like her life is decreasing every second, but her attack has become stronger.

Her onslaught did not stop even when her hands were torn and bleeding.

Uh-huh...

Her sword has thick steel.

[Serious Prosecutor]

[Slang Line]

Squeeze!!

A strongly swung lateral cut. The heavy sword, formerly a sword of the sword, was actually strong.

A powerful blow finally scratched his shield.

Interestingly standing still, defending Reina's attack and occasionally striking back, the Knicks soon saw his tent, which had been scratched for the first time by Raina's sword.

Whaaaaah!

At the same time, her new model was stuck on the ground.

"Great!"

"Luck..."

"Oh... no! Raina!"

The urgent Roya's cry didn't last long.

It was because knights in black armor began to flock to her in a crack that popped out of the air as soon as Knicks shook their hands.

To make matters worse, the Knicks' counterattack began.

"I salute you. I will not disgrace you any more."

Unexplicable power began to pour out of the short-lived Knicks' whole body.

And even the new girl Eshilt, who was exposed to the power, collapsed.

"Oh... no! Eshilt!!"

Lina shouted in a hurry, cutting off and stopping the black knights desperately.

"Oh, the holy man over there is a good sprout, too. If you don't break it quickly, it will interfere with the future of the monarch."

Shush, shush, shush!

As soon as the index finger and middle finger of the Knicks, who were keeping Reina in check, were pointing toward the sky.

Boom!!!

A new car window protruding from the ground pierced Lina's body.

"Luck..."

Raina's body, which had been stuck on the ground, hardened by falling transparent tears.

Her desperately resisting movement hardened.

"Oh... it hurts..."

Reina's breath began to get rough as she collapsed with a painful voice.

Reina's red eyes, which glanced beyond the broken mask on one side, expanded further and trembled.

"Sigh..."

"The mask. It's quite an interesting thing. It's a stifling thing... ...and I'm sure what's in it is my strength. I don't know how you have such a thing."

As he shook his hand again after a short murmur, Reina, who had been trapped, flopped up and approached him.

"It's uncomfortable to just leave what I don't know. Show it to me."

Quick!

With the words, he tore Reina's mask off his huge hands.

At the same time, her wide-open eyes and face were revealed.

Wham!

A sword that penetrated for a moment smashed the Knicks' ribs and dug in.

"Huh?"

Reina's bayonet broke his ribs completely and escaped, as the startled Knicks faltered and almost half lost his reason.

Coooooooong!

At the same time, Layna, who fell on the floor, curled up.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

There was a scream of groan.

Raina was the one who made the attack, but she looked bigger.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

And with a scream of desperate pain. Something amazing began to happen behind her back.

Black wings made of light began to sprout.

It had a strand of strands similar to the artificial wings made of light, rather than the wings of ordinary life.

"This is..."

Knicks blinked his eyes to see if he could not hide his surprise.

He was also his strength.

He can't help but know.

But I couldn't understand it again from the perspective of Knicks, who saw her for the first time. Why the strange human woman I've never seen before has objects and bodies containing his strength.

"Sigh..."

Reina's face, gasping and slowly raising her head, was devastating.

"It doesn't look right."

Then, at the same time as the muttering of the Knicks, which rose into the air, began to appear in all directions throughout his whole body.

And as if to match it, Reina, who fluttered her wings, was breathing hard and now rose to life, spreading a darkened atmosphere.

"Even if I die... ...you die here."

With such a determination, Knicks realized that his body was shaking.

I'm weak in strength is weak. Her tenacity was beyond imagination.

Her body moved with the voice and eyes full of rage and resentment.

Shushhushhushhhhush!

At the same time, a ray of light began to pour down on her from the sky.

It was an unprecedented bombardment of black magic.

* * *

"Sigh..."

a dark forest Among the countless bodies everywhere, the only surviving man looked up at the tree leaning against him and smiled in vain.

This is how I died. But there was no regret. He was an abandoned assassin and informant.

Raina was the one who saved him from dying like that.

There was nothing worse than giving up one's life for such Layna.

only

"I'm so sleepy."

Mumbling despondently, he slowly listened to a vision that could not even focus.

I've earned enough time. It won't matter now.

It was seen that someone's shape was slowly getting closer to him, who thought he had no regrets and was dying.

"Let's stop listening."

* * *

Crusader Royna, who is now in a state where he doesn't know whether he died or lived with a fatal wound. Mersil, which is now bubbling over the Mana Reversal Flow.

And the situation was better than that, but he was overwhelmed by the power of the opposition and couldn't breathe, and he was even confused.

Most of the conditions were disastrous.

More serious than that was Reina.

Reina, who had blood on her entire body, flapped her wings behind her back and attacked the Knicks like crazy.

Each movement of the black wings blackened part of her skin.

Already, the common ceiling began to collapse, and there was little space left for the ground to be used as a foothold due to the continuous pouring of stones.

Despite the huge amount of black bullets in the ancient circle, Reina dug into him as if he were on an amazing acrobatic flight.

Whoo!

Of course, the Knicks' attack was getting stronger.

Several times she was struck by a black bullet and stuck in the ground, but she got up to the end.

Her life span, which continues to burn her soul, is now numbered. Nevertheless, Raina's movements became faster.

He has begun to bring out the basic strength of the soul that can ascend to the reincarnation.

"Amazing! You have so much resentment against me as to burn my soul! I see it!"

Reina's eyes became cooler and fired fierce attacks despite the Knicks' shouts.

Chew!!!

And as her desperate attack, which did not take care of her body, began to succeed one by one, the Knicks' body began to crumble little by little.

The same-minded. Her offensive was simply a terrible self-destructive attack.

One arm almost fell apart, and the armor of the light armour was almost torn and damaged to the point where bones could be revealed.

Desperate, but the attack has intensified.

By that time, even the Knicks had to be surprised.

The more she was injured, the darker her hideous eyes became.

And, at the same time, it got stronger.

I was curious as to what was driving her to this point of view as a wizard.

Then, in the moment of such misconceptions, the Knicks showed a gap in Leena for a very short time and soon gave her a chance to dig in completely.

"Oh, my God!"

Frustrated, he hurriedly performed his defense magic, but he smashed Reina's black shield and threw it at him.

Even if the self collapses, Caldiras is Caldiras.

It was a deadly sword itself for Knicks. As soon as the sharp end of the sword was about to completely break the Knicks' skull.

Her sword hardened as if it had been caught in the air.

Reina's vision was black and white, and her new type was hardened.

Of course, she lost her strength, so her body fell to the ground helplessly because she couldn't stay in the air.

She was in a state of exhaustion because she couldn't even control the impact of the fall, shaking her body intermittently and raising her head.

The minute hand of the clock behind it was on the verge of a complete turn.

His magic was not expressed, but my body couldn't stand the overload.

"I'm sorry to hear that. I'm very interested in what drives you so much as a wizard."

"......"

"Time wasn't on your side. Although the enemy is one, very few people are as obsessed as you are. I pay my respects."

Her own broken, dying teeth clenched. Transparent tears poured down from the eyes beyond the hideously distorted face.

I have to win. I have to win no matter what.

I keep thinking like that, but the outcome was clear. After all, even the second chance failed.

A huge clock engraved on the back of the Knicks began to emit a gloomy glow in the dim view.

Then, watching the last sentence of moving minute hand, Reina bit her lips bloodied in a surge of tears.

I felt as if I was being punished. I wanted to question the Lord, who is called the source of the world, what he did so wrong.

But God couldn't answer. So she thought.

The reason why I'm going through this terrible failure. That's why they are punished again.

The light black air that had been blooming from her body turned black with the will that had begun to break completely.

The white energy that remained so white is now almost gone except for a few.

When you lose most of your strength and your physical activity slowly stops, it means you're dying. I can't resist now.

It was time for her to close her eyes, looking up at the minute hand slowly approaching 12 o'clock, leaving her gloom and miserable sorrow behind.

Yuck!

with a sudden sound

The minute hand of the clock, the source of the death sentence magic, moved and hardened.

Squeeze!!

And, surprisingly, a huge clock made of huge chunks of mana and nine-circle magic began to become extremely unstable.

"I...I don't know..."

Raina could suddenly feel someone's hand hugging her.

"You don't know how precious your life is, just. He's trying to make someone a god."

"C... you..."

"Time's up. The preheating took a while."

A relaxed voice came to her ear.

What was that voice like?

Reina's dying consciousness flashed once as if it had been lifted out of the water for a moment.

I don't know how to judge this feeling.

Surprise, confusion, and something else. Everything was groundless, but one thing was clear.

This feeling of comfort was definitely a relief after a long time.

It was a really long feeling that she felt after not having slept properly for a long time.

"Total number of try 13372 times."

Mumbling in a soft tone, he soon lightly moved the remaining hand that did not hug her.

At the same time, a blue sword with a gruesome spirit moves.

"What... ..."

"I'm going to memorize all the holes in his bones."

"......"

Hard mode doesn`t just make the boss the first round."

Chew! Chew! Chew!

In time, the blue afterimage was one or two strands above the giant clock. Soon it was covered with dozens and hundreds of strands.

I don`t pick up watches unless I am a maker. Bring some to the carxx."