287 # 287

The Manreb hero is coming back!

12 volumes and 10 episodes

The meaning of extraterritoriality in the laws of physics and non-physical law is.

Simply put, it was like all the theories and proven laws I normally use were useless.

There's only one rule they follow.

The law at the abyss is everything.

What the hell are these guys when they're just debris from the abyss?

"I need to find out more."

You can't relax unless you're prepared.

Isn't it the same when you play games? Those who have perverted game play habits that do not move to the next village unless they are plastered with the best equipment in the village.

I only have two lives.

Once it is caused by the power of a small fire again, the situation becomes serious if even one of them can neutralize it.

Staring at Percerk, who pounced on me, I pulled a bell branch out of the subspace.

Then it activated the power that was asleep in the body.

[Level 5 Magic]

[Drinking]

[Gold]

Ring!

Slurping!!!!!!

At the same time, the bells of the bell branches began to change the surrounding air with a clear sound, and the amulet thrown from my arms, resonating with the amulet, pulled out the golden chain and began to tie together the chunks of flesh.

Spang!!!

but

Strange symptoms began to manifest in some of the forces that trap him. The magic began to fade as if it were absorbed by him.

Davey?

Only then did the air around him seem to realize that the situation was serious.

"I didn't think I'd eat the magic and turn it into my own power."

They were not completely immune to the same forces. Although efficiency is very low, the first-circle shock was definitely effective if you slightly change the mana volume and arrangement.

Judging from the fact that they were influenced by the upper magic, they had an effect if they pushed for more than four circles.

But the important thing was somewhere else.

They'll accept the manna I pushed in.

He began to change it very slowly on his own. I was appalled by the form of ignoring all existing laws and turning them into their own power by citing their own laws.

Davey, she said, The abyss is more dangerous than you think. The best way is to block all the sections that the abyss can interfere with in this world.

"So I want you to be independent of me."

......

From my point of view, there is no existence that can prevent a crack except me.

If Persec, who is with me in such a yard, is constantly exposed to them.

It was highly likely that she would be taken away before I could cope.

It is hard for me to realize the power to capture and tear the crack that was kidnapping her again.

There's the best way, Davey.

After agonizing for a long time, she carefully opened her mouth.

"Don't tell me you're going to be the devil. If you become the devil in this situation, it's obvious who will be the great enemy."

She's a dead soul. You're gonna die one more time.

Boom!

Having cut her off, I rolled strongly on the floor.

Then a huge crack broke out and the whole area shook.

"Don't make me angry, Persec."

You still don't know how dangerous the abyss is.

She looked at me with a melancholy look and eventually disappeared.

I frowned violently at this and stuffed my manna into a lump of flesh.

Whoooooooooooooooooooooh!

At the same time, his shape, which accepted Manna, began to grow again.

With intangible power like Mana, they get bigger and stronger.

It was surprising to see the growth of ignoring the laws of physics, but there was one more thing that was surprising.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

When I recouped Manna I injected into him.

I slightly frowned at the unidentified violence coming from a corner of my head.

It makes me not think properly. It's as if it's photoshopping.

Isn't it similar to the Busker magic used mostly by fighters?

My hand, which I was thinking about it, stopped.

a broad explosion

I've seen that before.

He loses his reason and destroys it at random without knowing what he is.

The purpose is a fierce hostility toward this place, which is now the front of the coin.

It's probably when their endless burning power in their bodies ends...

"There was a monster that appeared much faster than Shandra's body."

In order to check for yourself, it was necessary to catch and investigate those in similar cases.

I know the people who have the most information about that field now.

Last Whispe.

It was the Reinfos Alpha, a secret association located in the northern part of the Central Continent.

As soon as I wrote a letter, I activated the ring that I had put on one of my fingers without hesitation and tapped the jewel on the ring to send it to the letter was.

If they have information, they will be back in no time.

For now, I'm a member of Last Whispe, or Reinforce Alpha.

"It's been months since I last met my apprentices."

Since they do not make the world and kites, they have no choice but to go to the Reinfos Alpha headquarters to hear about them, but it was also true that they did not care about them.

Everything is in order.

I like to be in a hurry, but I didn't urge others because it could be a very uncomfortable reality.

Wasn't there one person I should have cared about before that?

"Are you busy?"

At the request of Raina, the white-haired woman who was waiting for me back in the office, I quietly met her eyes.

She ate spicy food enough to throw away her insides and drank to the fullest extent that she could tell everything in her heart.

The master-level was drunk, so there was nothing to calculate how much he drank.

I thought you'd suffer from a hangover.

She had an unexpectedly calm face.

"Are you busy?"

"Yes."

Calmly speaking, she pointed to a wine display that was decorating one side of the office.

"Tonight, be my opponent."

Although it took some expression, her intentions were quickly recognized.

She and I have not been together for long, but I had to be special to her.

a horse partner

A person who can keep a secret and complain.

The only drinking friend in the world who can freely tell what's inside.

What she needed was to hear and sympathize with her life.

"Well, that's a simple wish."

I said so, but there was no reason for me to refuse it.

* * *

Is it because she listened to her complaints and sympathized with her feelings as if she had put something down?

She was more greedy and could do what she wanted to do.

It's simply something a young girl couldn't do. Things that the girl wanted to do.

Is that why?

A strange rumor began to circulate.

Raina's presence is not yet known much to the world.

It was safe to say that no one recognized her without a mask at such a situation.

She had the beauty of the past, so that she didn't just call it preservative even when she got older.

People and merchants who came from foreign countries or other territories saw Reina and made her mistake as Illina.

Was it because of her behavior that made her seem like she was a lover?

Rumors began to circulate that there was an unintended strange atmosphere between Ilina and me, the forbidden Okyeob of the Palan Empire.

But it seemed more enjoyable for me, and I didn't care either.

It didn't take long for her to regain her smile, which she couldn't even smile properly at first.

She has been considerate of her as much as possible.

But only one thing.

From the third day I kept her from ever encountering anyone she knew.

"Why don't you let me meet you?"

She asked me in a sulky way if I was annoyed by the fact.

"I made this decision for you. So just follow me gently."

It became like a complete confinement, but I didn't care.

It's the only way outdo it.

"There's not much time left! Shouldn't we at least let them say goodbye?!"

I shook my head firmly at her angry cry.

"You will regret it no matter what. Listen to me."

She had a cold smile on my words.

"No, I'll tell you everything I want to say when I meet you. I appreciate you doing so much for me, but that doesn't mean you have the right to stop this."

"Are you confident you won't regret it?"

"Regret? At least you'd be more regretful if you didn't you?"

She was silent about what I said.

Then he opened the windows of his office and ran toward her party, somehow preparing to leave.

The Wizard, Mercyl, the Divine Eshilt. And Crusader Royna.

There were only three people because Bendik couldn't see where he had disappeared.

"Essilt! Lona!"

Did he think that he could not make a sad face on his way to the end?

Reina approached them with a bright smile.

Then he heard something shocking.

"Well, who are you?"

those who do not belong to this world

Her existence is not supposed to be here.

In the past, in the present, in the future.

I mean, a useful being loses its hold on itself as time goes by, and it is erased from the great world that records the world.

It's not just a natural scenario that's different from the one that goes into the loop of reincarnation, but what can we do? It's not another world-class, but it's another world-class.

"That's... what..."

Despite Raina's expression, which had hardened into a blank face, Mercil looked at Raina with a slightly wary expression.

"Who are you calling us for? I'm sorry, but we don't understand what we're doing here."

As soon as she was silent and hardened by Mercy's words.

I jumped lightly out the window, picked up Reina and left the spot in a flash so no one could notice her.

"Huh?"

It was because she was clever that I didn't give this in the first place.

Even a single hint would reach this ridiculous truth, so she wouldn't tell unless she wanted to.

"You see, I told you you'd regret it."

"This......this is......"

It`s a natural phenomenon."

She is not a normal human being. a stranger who has crossed over from another world line by some force

Moreover, as long as she is in the world, her presence is nothing but a foreign object.

When such a foreign object fulfills its order and dies.

It was also predictable that her presence would begin to disappear even in the memories of her neighbors.

"Of course..."

"You're not at the other level, you're at the other side. Did you think the world would leave a trace of you being here?"

The character Ilina de Palan already exists.

Therefore, Reina is a person who should never exist.

Even if you are old and have a different name.

Reina, who was moving with me hanging on, said nothing for a long time.