283 # 283

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 12th and the 6th Episode

The crack that gave power to the Knicks came from behind the world.

No matter how common sense or power to reject the law, it is at this point that as long as both sides exist, the opponent needs a passage to send something this way.

The reason why the lord of Priya sent me a bond is probably because of this.

A limited amount of time almost hit the bottom, but it was enough time.

Stretch!!!!!!

Was it the other side that was rather embarrassed by my behavior of grabbing Perserk so that he wouldn't be able to suck them up and tearing their power back?

Dozens of tentacles come out and swirl around my neck and arms to resist.

I ignored their resistance and tore the crack itself apart.

It is not something that can be torn off by physical force, but I did not care.

Of course, the opponent's resistance was strong.

Something shady and creepy continued to penetrate my body through the surface of my skin, confusing me with an unidentified voice.

So

Let's share some good stuff.

It would be nice to share and exchange.

"You little bastards, you're mean!"

Pooooooooh!!

A new blue flame rumbled all over my five fingers, which had been beaten and twisted with one hand.

[9 Circle]

[Hellfire]

[Multiple Young Chang]

The magic of Hellfire is the magic of an ancient legend or fairy tale for a fire wizard.

It is literally a magic powerful enough to destroy the entire city with just one magic.

There are five Hellfire like that.

Since five complicated nine-circle magic has been fed at the same time with just one, it will not work easily.

The more you use force, the more side effects come in, the more impatient you are.

I would hate the process of building a dark history more than dying from a ridiculous knife.

'Oh, my God, the side effects are so dirty.'

With the car!

Maybe it's because of the guys who can't easily fall off with Hellfire alone.

In the end, I used a large amount of manna once more.

Lolrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

At the same time, the Saakaman chain, which was pouring out from all over the ground and in the air, was trapped.

Then he blinked and murmured.

If you give it up, there won't be bloodshed.]

As long as I support her. 9 Circles can be implemented in realization phase.

It is because the voice expresses power in cooperation with the world.

It is similar to the saying of a creature called a dragon.

They are qualitatively different from the other lizards.

Sneak... Sneak!!

The effect was revealed in a flash.

A huge crack began to crack throughout the crack, and slowly began to tear and break.

However, [language] that can be implemented in the nine-circle realization phase requires an equivalent exchange.

By the way.

The price is that you can profiteer from the position of the boss.

That's the beginning stage.

Crying! Crying!

I tore off as many tentacles as I needed and then created a new blue mana mine with empty hands.

It's a simple warm-hearted magic tool, but you'll be scared.

[9 Circle]

[Catomic Collapse]

As soon as the mine was finished, I threw it into a crevice that was slowly closing and shouted.

"Take the bomb!"

Gosh!

He also did not forget to force the crack to be closed by holding it with both hands so that it could not be spit out again.

Boom!!!

At the same time, there was a huge roar of twisting space.

What's the matter? It's none of my business.

Sigh... Sigh...

Fiercek, who was gasping for breath, released a bunch of tentacles from his body with a tearful face.

Seeing her blue face, I wondered if she was the one I had known.

Davey...

"I got a good one. Let's go since we're done with our business."

At my words, Persec shook his whole body and saw the direction of the missing cracks, flew up quietly and climbed onto my shoulder.

Then he sat down as if his legs had loosened and bowed his head, hugging my neck.

"Uh...Deal..."

It was then.

I heard someone's desperate voice in my ear who was walking.

It was Reina.

"Where are you going? I'm going back. Do you know how much time I've wasted on useless things?"

"Nick... ..s... ..not yet the Knicks..."

Surely, the first Richie, Knicks' body collapsed and didn't even deal with him.

I lightly moved my finger to this.

There was a ghost of Knicks scattered about.

"I can't believe... ...you're a human being."

"Yes."

"......"

His expression remained unchanged as he dispersed in the spirit.

"But I respect you for being strong. But I'm no life king. Some of them assist the first rich and great monarch."

"So."

"With your strength, you could have hit me hard, but if you missed me, you'll regret it someday."

His words made me quietly nod.

Surely he will resume his activities without any injury if he returns to life has been.

by the way

"Don't you forget one thing?"

His eyes glazed heavily at my question.

"What... ..."

I change the tip of my finger to his mumbling and nod my head.

"Hmm?"

Whispering!!!

"Oh, my God!"

at the same time

As the air was torn, I sent it to Brunek a while ago.

An arrow with an unidentified light jumped over the space, and penetrated the center of his marriage.

His spirit, which is going beyond the space, was also penetrated by arrows that flew over the space.

"The arrow was made by Surt before he died to save you. Of course, you're the only one who has a purpose."

It takes quite a lot of conditions to shoot that arrow, but sadly, Apolon's new palace, the transcendental-grade weapon, the new palace Brunak, has the conditions that any arrow can be used.

"K... ..kkkhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

His eyes shook like mad as the soul, which had slowly disappeared, was dragged back and established and began to decompose.

"This... this is ridiculous! This can't happen...!"

"There's nothing wrong with this world. If it doesn't work, then we do it."

"Oh, my God!"

Argh!!

I held Reina in my arms, screaming painfully and leaving behind the completely gone screams of the Knicks.

Then he went to the other three that Elaim was protecting and asked,

"What about lingering feelings?"

"......"

"How could you be relieved if you solved the Knicks in the first place?"

At my playful words, she struggled to lift her hand and cover her face.

"Look... ..don't..."

"Why?"

I don't want to be seen by anyone... ...who's looking at it'sorry."

Speaking desperately, she squeezed out her voice as she died.

"Lune, what about you?"

"Top horse, plus top vampire. Run away in combat. Lünne, highly appreciate your very strong opponent."

Lünne, whose clothes were almost torn and became rags, came to me by supporting a woman who was unconscious in blood, fluttering her wings on her back.

It was none other than Catherine.

All he did was protect Catherine, who was fighting frantically alone against two enemies.

It seems that Lünne's strength still made the enemy strong enough to make his clothes ragged just by joining him.

"What a shame. Come on."

After kicking my tongue short, I thought hard.

Do we need treatment here? Or should I take him back first?

It was not difficult to make a decision because the power was not completely gone yet.

Boom!!!!

For a moment, a magical earthquake of an incomparable size to warp magic began to turn the whole space upside down under my feet.

Reina, who was looking outside between her fingers, covered her face with her hands to see if she had no power to be surprised now, struggled to ask.

"You... ..what the hell."

"If you're curious, 500 gold."

At my playful tone she closed her eyes in dejection and remained silent.

* * *

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

The woman opened her eyes with a faint moan.

What was seen beyond the dim view was a bright, monotonous-colored ceiling that kept the mind calm.

The first thing I thought of was the question of whether I was alive or dead.

"This is... "

"Oh... did you wake up?"

Then, she could soon hear a voice in her ear.

Where is this place?

Apparently, he should have died.

All the organs in the body could not withstand the force and began to stop working.

He recovered to some extent with the power of Elaim, king of spirits, but he burned everything he recovered and used it to destroy the Knicks' body.

At that time, her life was only a few hours away.

by the way

Why did he open his eyes and the light is pouring out of the window?

Turning her head absentmindedly, she could see a little girl looking down in front of her with a worried face.

It was an elegant design often found in aristocratic families, but it was a native girl in sophisticated women's clothing.

by the way

Her face. I think I've seen her before.

Reina's eyes opened wide as she stared blankly at her.

Why didn't I remember?

This girl, apparently the one who was almost sold as a slave in the Black Market of the Kingdom of Boltis.

To be exact, she was also a girl taken by a strange man in a mask.

Why is she here?

In a daze, she suddenly realized that her vision was too bright.

At the time she was wearing a mask, her vision was half black and white.

But now...

"Ha!"

Thinking about it, she raised her hand reflexively to cover my face.

"What's wrong with you?""

"Bo... ...don't look."

Frustrated, she uttered a gloomy voice, covering her face with both hands.

"A hideous face..."

Phew... what a hideous thing! How beautiful you are!"

Raina paused at her cry.

"What?"

"Don't do that, put your hands away. It's time to take your medicine. ID Deha said he'd wake up at this point."

Who is the person she calls Jehora?

Before the question of why she had such a happy face, which was obviously taken as a slave, Raina's upper body was lifted by the touch of a Toin girl.

Srrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

At the same time, things believed to be her hair flowed down.

It was not white hair that lost its usual light, but white white hair that was full of gloss.

"Ah..."

I've never seen anyone so beautiful! You're a warrior, aren't you? Lady Raina, the hero."

"......"

"...what the hell, what's going on?"

"Well, all I've heard is, when you wake up, let me take your medicine and bring you out."

Before she could even make a decision, she dressed up in a casual outfit at the touch of a native girl.

"I'm sure you have no problem moving your body."

"Go... ...Thank you."

"I'll help you."

Facing a floundering To-In girl, she soon found a boy standing alone in a large garden outside the window of the hall and running a huge magic wand.

How can I forget that? It was more powerful than I imagined. suspicious of human being It was the boy who thought that the subject of Priya wearing a human mask might have come down.

Raina, who went out as if possessed, was soon able to reach the garden where the boy was.

"Well, with a little improvement, we can use it."

I don't know who you're talking to, but the boy looked very happy.

"What? Don't be ridiculous. How did I get this? They keep telling me to throw it away."

"......"

"If you keep running away, you can activate the cells and grow them."

The grumbling boy's movements stop at once.

"What do you think, a different view?"

Then, the boy's voice reached Reina, not in the air this time.

"......"

The boy, who turned his head toward her silent and silent, approached with a smile.

"Promise is a promise, I'll let you do everything you want, just tell me. If you throw it out here, you're given a master who can confiscate everything."

There was warmth in what he said.

However, the surroundings sank heavily due to his subsequent remarks.

"In my opinion, you've kicked the last chance I've ever given you, your life span. There's really not much time left."

"How long... how long is left?"

"A week. I can't fix your condition right now. You're not from this world in the first place."

Restoration of appearance is simply a service dimension. As a traveler from outside, she is not a common case.

What you want for yourself is to solve everything and to die for yourself. I felt strangely choked up.

Reina said nothing at the calm remark.