284 # 284

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 12th and the 7th Episode

98. The one who has lingering desire.

"A week..."

I turned back to the magicians at the sight of her silent silence.

"If you hadn't done anything useless at the end, you'd have lived another year."

There's a small rock. There was an unidentified mass of flesh on it.

It was none other than the other side of the world, the fragment of the enemy that I had kidnapped in the abyss.

Despite the loss of the subject, they were constantly moving and searching for Perserk.

And, instinctively, he sent me hostility that interfered with me.

These bastards?

It's not even real. It's nothing.

Mr. Pock.

The shrapnel began to shrink as if it were crushing under the influence of my power.

The strength of the jade disappeared and my whole strength disappeared again, but once again, in the aftermath of my awakening, my mana increased beyond what I had originally.

Now, we can use 9 circles of element magic or command magic once or twice.

Establishment of Circle?

Since the first circle, which is the highest level of difficulty, is established, the rest of the circle is meaningless.

What I needed the most was Persec's ability to implement the field through their power, not anything else.

It is not a common spirit, but a spirit of the devil.

It's not impossible to put her in the real world, but she doesn't seem a little tricky.

But she is linked to the abyss through some sort of thing.

Those who did not have common sense were able to implement Perserk in a state of spirit and be visible to the world.

It won't end at a simple visible level.

The mere touch of her figure came out of the world, but it wasn't enough.

It was originally taken from the enemy. I couldn't use it on her when it wasn't even verified how dangerous it would be.

It seemed that more time was needed to dig up everything.

Even so.

No way, Davey.

Her stubbornness to step down with a nervous face was great.

Every time I touch my skin, I feel creepy, I never want to!

'Oh, you have a weak stomach.'

You pervert!!

She had certainly never lost her usual slack in the past when I had chained her to the stem of Manna.

How can I not know this is different from that! You should have known that physiological disgust is coming in!

A rope made of simple mana. This dilatory piece of meat seemed to be different creature, seemed to be different.

It's just a bracelet.'

Davey, as long as it keeps moving, I'll never accept her. If you try to force it...

At that time, she threatened to make a life-and-death decision.

In her own way.

I'll put my arm in your ear and shake it.

"Oh, my..."

The woman standing blankly in front of her as she smiled in vain asked quietly.

"Well... who are you talking to?"

"Are you curious?"

After saying so, I snatched Percerk, who was relaxed.

What?!

Tuck!!

At the same time, I put some of the flesh I removed from the abyss on her cheek.

What?

Originally, things that she didn't intend would pass through her.

Whoo!

It worked quite well.

It was revealed at once that the former king, who threw away his face, was not seen well.

"Ah..."

Arghhhhhhhhhhh!

Is it because of her behavior of hitting my cheek without mercy, while wiping off her usual soft expression?

The piece of flesh fell again and fell on my hand.

At the same time, her embodiment disappeared again.

"Did you see that?"

"Just... ...the woman in front of you..."

Ilina, or Reina, looked nervous.

"I didn't understand at first... ...but is it you?"

"Do you know?"

"I can't forget it. King Persec, the ruler of the Mafia in the Continental War!!"

She shouted furiously and sharpened the air in her hand.

"Please answer me. What the hell is going on here?"

At her words I snatched Persehrk again.

I don't want to! Let go of me! Davey, let go of her right now!

I said I put flesh back in Persec's wrists, screaming and struggling, and then reimplemented it for a while.

"Do you think he's a different person?"

......

"This is not the world you lived in. Even if it is similar, if someone takes another action, that action will completely change the future. Where you lived, Persec was helplessly demonized and manipulated."

Unlike legends and myths, King Persec is a peaceful woman who emphasizes the importance of life.

It is quite an important theory for a magician.

In this regard, the position of a priest who leaves everything to God's will and the wizard who pursues learning is an honor.

Of course, I know that even if the flow changes at the point of contact with God, the big framework will eventually remain the same.

What's that got to do with the situation?"

"Just to tell you the results, yes, the Knicks are gone, and the demon King Persec, who you were concerned about, has nothing to do with what you think he is."

"Fate is that simple."

"I make it that way. I do what I want to do."

I like buffet. If there is a future that is unfavorable to my position, I have no hesitation in changing it to suit my taste.

"......"

"I can't tell anyone what happened to me. That's your penalty, isn't it?"

She was silent when I said that I walked away ignoring Percerk, who used evil by pulling her ears and cheeks relentlessly.

"I'll give you a problem, then why would I know that?"

Because I'm not completely included in the axis of fate that you're so wary of in the first place.

Even if there were so many parallel lines like where she came from, there would probably be no country in the whole world.

That's the kind of curse Roy Ias put on me.

"You're...

"I don't know what I've been living in your world, but here I am. At least Ilyna de Palan and Daviolan know each other. That's why I asked with a sword when I first saw you."

"......"

"To be exact, I was the one who modernized Caldiras before Iilina."

You thought I wouldn't recognize you because of the change in shape?

......

She opened her mouth carefully at my words.

"The masked man I met in the Kingdom of Voldise... ...that was you."

"That's right."

"Why are you there then..."

"I'm here to save Young Ji-min. Are you dissatisfied?"

She said nothing as if she had lost her words.

"What do you think the goddess Priya, who sent you here, would have sent you here?"

She stopped walking to my question.

"That's... ..stop the unsealing of Knicks..."

"Do you think it's possible? The enemy here is more dangerous and variable than the enemy where you were."

You were at Easy level.

This is Ultra Nightmare difficulty.

You're funny, you're stuck with the editor!

'It's loud.'

How ridiculous the subject is to make such a conclusion.

"But if it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have even thought about unsealing the Knicks! If that's the case..."

"It's just a process, at least the goddess Priya didn't bring you all this way to do something you couldn't afford. If his seal was a real problem in the first place, it's not you, it's all over with just one shot."

It's time for the first Richie Knicks to wake up from the seal, who was asleep on the island of silence.

This will be the end of it.

However, the goddess Priya, who gave her, brought her here.

"...then...the Lord gave me a second chance..."

"Don't worry about him. Live a life that you've unjustly lost."

The goddess Priya, who was given in the first place, did not bring her as a warrior. It was only her choice to use her position as a warrior.

If God's will to favor Alice, the sex candidate, favored her for some reason, I can only understand.

Davyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!

Noisy.

"It's your stupid choice to kick it."

"You keep talking down to me.I'm definitely from the royal family. How old are you?"

"17."

"I'm ten years older. You sound like you're teasing me. It's very awkward."

"Thinking about the period of transformation, there is no preservative."

"My appearance was a curse to me. You don't know how much humiliation I've been through because of this face."

"Why don't you know? You've shown your life."

It wasn't exactly her intention.

When the Knicks are revived.

The Ma tribe and the Vampire are united. Monsters and beasts led to a war on the continent.

The war with humans accelerated and many countries disappeared.

The continent was full of blood and tears.

Countless powerful men with weapons to protect humans collapsed sprinkling blood.

And before the Palan Empire was shaken to the core by the same human national union.

Betrayed by the same man, she became a captive of the Ma tribe.

That's where her hell started.

First to be seen by Knicks, who was the commander of the Ma tribe's vanguard, she became the subject of the Knicks' experiment.

"Was it an angel project?"

"......to there......did you know that?"

"I know a similar theory. I've done some experiments."

"...the Other Angels Project, the Mahan people's project to create a loyal servant of the Devil's Persec. The experiment was made by a man named Astarot, the Duke of Magee, who was called the No. 2 man of the Ma tribe."

Astarrotra... ..he had the ability to be a real beggar.

As a result, after a long trip, we are now able to pull out the Kangnye.

She flapped her black wings in the fight against the Knicks probably because the project changed her body. She could now be considered a rather vague race to be human.

"The side effects were great. For years, I couldn't sleep because of the terrible pain, and I often had wings and insanity in dark, humid dungeons."

I saw the memory of screaming, twisting my whole body, and scratching the wall until I lost my voice.

That's not all.

Even though she was getting tired, she had a beautiful appearance.

The Ma clan also had a good appearance, so for the Ma tribe that captured her, she was only a prisoner of high value in many ways.

Unlike male prisoners, female prisoners are so miserable.

"Don't show me the light. I'm already a woman with a broken body and mind. It's not Ilyna de Palan who was just as clean as you knew. It's been a long time since I gave up the name. I'm a woman you don't deserve to care about."

"I don't know."

Social customs vary from world to world. The view of the Earth and the view of this place were very different.

Even if she was a victim, if she had been subjected to such a thing, the eyes around her would not be fine.

Of course, he's also none of my business.

"You've been through a bad thing, and you're not Illina?"

Reina has a name for her, but her real name is Illina de Palan, who has lived a dark life over the age of 28.

She clenched her fist tightly as if she had choked at my words.

"Your face?"

Unlike her body, her face was filled with terrible wounds.

It's as if you're beating with a knife and a fire.

"While I was running away from him, all I had left was a bare body and a rag piece of clothing. It's a scar from the run. Ha......that's a relief. The mask that Knicks made to control my runaway was the only way out to hide my hideous face."

She, who spoke with a dejected look on her face, blocked my way.

"Who are you really?"

"The First Prince of the Lown Kingdom. Lord of the Hines."

"That's not what I want to hear!"

She ran fast and grabbed my arm.

Then he asked with an earnest look.

"You really don't want me to..."

What did he want to say? Her face, cleaned up after treatment, was filled with terrible anxiety and longing for something.

"That's enough."

In short, I passed her by.

"When it gets dark, I'll take you to a good place, so leave the time open."

The night sky is still black, but countless stars are creating beautiful natural landscapes.

Sadly, since the land of Hines was not in the northern hemisphere, it is not at the level where stars can be seen.

As a result, it must be a beautiful sight for me compared to the Earth.

The Hines estate has not been developed as a whole, but only partially.

As the land was considered to have nothing but a large amount of land, it was actually my position that it was a little risky to develop all of it because it had many times the size of the land.

Young Ji-min has already increased to close to 10,000.

As a result, the strange phenomenon of soaring land prices and housing prices began to occur, but the policy itself had been thought about as it was expected to some extent in the first place.

Instead of bringing others, I walked silently along the boulevard of Hines, where the streets became active at night.

"Hey... hey, what the hell are you... ..."

She followed me quickly, looking around her eyes to see if she was still used to taking off her mask and going bare-faced.

"Well, I told you I had something to show you."

In my words, she looks around with an uneasy look.

She didn't even get a proper rest. She was always on edge because she didn't know where the enemy would come from.

She looked quite uneasy about the familiarity of this relaxed and peaceful landscape.

"Don't be scared, there's no one here who eats you."

"......"

She followed me without a word, as if she were prickly.

Before long I spoke quietly, looking on one side of the active night market.

"Master. How much is one?"

"Oh? Master? Come again... ..how are you?"

Dwarf, who was managing the stall, looked happy to see me, and then surprised Raina.

"It's always amazing how humans grow. Not long ago, she was still a little girl."

"It's someone else. How much is it?"

"It's always like that. I'll just give you one as a special service today."

Laughing, he stuck out a skewer made of chicken.

Then he spoke to me again in a quiet voice.

"More than the Ultra Violence we've had before. What do you say? Do you want to try?"

"Let's take it and move on."

"Khhhhhhh. Excellent choice."

Reina, who still has no idea why I'm doing this, seemed to need to show her the spicy taste for now.

She has no idea how her body has changed.

Not yet, the deal with the goddess Priya. The last stage of the rescue of the poor is not over.