286 # 286

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 12th and the 9th Episode

the dense forests of the central continent

Due to the lack of human touch, the forest, which is mostly winding roads where mountain animals and monsters travel, is only a few people can enter even in the Palan Empire.

The ironclad...

The black knight, who supported himself with a huge tree, walked slowly.

His condition was absolutely not good on the surface.

The sword in my hand had already been broken in half.

The armor, which seemed hard, was crushed here and there, punctured, and revealed the horrible scars in it.

Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click.

Kiririk!!!

The driver, who was walking silently, soon stopped walking when he saw a small monster blocking his way.

It was a common goblin in the deep woods.

The risk of a single individual is not great, but they are heady and vicious.

Realizing that the knight with a sword was fatally wounded, he began to measure the distance as if he were going to attack immediately, and the driver, who stopped walking, stared silently at Goblin.

Whispering!!!

Soon, Goblin, who saw the gap, quickly attacked the driver, and the driver slowly reached out his hand toward him.

Obviously, it was slow enough to seem like it was hard to make it on time.

Boom!!!

The knight's hand instantly accelerated and snatched Goblin's head. Then, without mercy, he burst into a giant tree that was next to him.

"Hoot... ..hoot..."

The harsh breathing began to flow beyond the pitch, and the driver held his stomach and slowly collapsed.

The man's wounds were not as light as they were apparently serious.

"......"

The driver, who was gasping silently, soon laid himself down and slowly took off his pitch.

At the same time, only black hair flowed down.

"Cough!"

A man who vomited blood with a short cough looked very much like a human being.

But the eyes were different from humans.

red-eyed eyes

It is a symbol of the Ma tribe.

Then, there was a small horn above the man's head that symbolized the horse race.

This was the case with the Ma tribe itself. For the Ma people, the horn is a symbol of power. However, even though the man was a high-ranking mahjong, the horn was not that big.

It was a natural result. All the mah people except the devil are so small that their horns are only a few fingers at the size of their horns is so big.

In this regard, the man's horns were quite large among the mah people.

with a slurping.

"Milpie You."

It was not long before the man, who lay silent turned his head slowly. There was a vampire woman in white looking down at him without a word.

"It's interesting. I'm sure the mah people have more than a fatal wound they can tolerate."

"Do you want to dissect it?"

"First of all, it's good for you among the allies. I won't hurt you."

"Ha. The alchemist, Paracellus, who has so much vigilance against the maids, has become very harmful."

"You're an exception."

Milpieu asked quietly at the cold man's words.

"Why aren't you angry? Anger must be a natural emotion."

"I never asked for your help. It was enough for me alone."

"But there's a red light on life activity."

Her sarcasm kept the man silent.

"Katherine Carabella, the Grand Duke of the Waterlord Lindis Empire. She's strong."

"Yeah, it was really strong. However, so is the unknown little creature that joined afterwards."

To be called a human being, a ring on his head and a wing on his back were hung.

"Don't touch her."

The man gave a suspicious look when an unintended firm answer was heard.

"What's wrong? I thought you were going to have to take care of those dangerous molecules before they get bigger in order for the king to come back to life."

"It doesn't matter if you touch her. It's getting stronger, but it's not such a trivial matter."

Milpieu's reply, entitled Half Vampire and Alchemist, opened his eyes wide.

"If you touch her, there's a man who's going to move."

"...what about him?"

"The one who killed Knicks. His name is Davy O'Loon."

The man was silent at the word.

"Wasn't the warrior a human being? The only person who entered behind me was the first person I missed. It was a little surprising that the Knicks disappeared."

"It's not her. And the guy, he probably lied to your feelings."

It seemed clear that there was something that could never be easily handed over to the human side.

I have to report to the main office, but it is not easy to contact at the moment.

"I don't want you to die with him at least. It's rare for humans to come here, so there won't be anything to be found by anyone, at least until they recover."

Milpieu's words made the man nod his head quietly.

"Don't die. You're the only mafia I like."

Although it is an alliance with the Ma tribe, it was a refreshing answer to be said that it came from the mouth of a vampire who was wary of the Ma tribe.

In the first place, she has the characteristics of harp, but she is an indispensable and important figure among vampires.

As such, she had something a little different from a normal vampire.

Soon after, the milkyoo changed into blood and disappeared, and he looked up at the sky without a word.

I lost a lot of power when I came here from beyond the space. Even so, the two were strong enough to prevent themselves from protecting the Knicks' seal. To the point where I can't just let it go.

I don't want it to collapse like this here. I need to find the spirit of the devil who must be asleep somewhere here.

Before those who are greedy for power find her soul and give it their way.

Four nights...

It was then.

Unlike what no one said would come, the man opened his eyes wide when he saw the slowly approaching human shadow.

If you fight with someone now, you're too weak to guarantee your life.

He tried to pull his strength out somehow, but his consciousness slowly became blurred because of the fatal wound.

"Hey, hey, are you okay? Caldiras, lend me some divine power!"

In his sight, which was not focused properly, he saw a beautiful blonde girl wearing quite worn-out clothes running with a perplexed look.

* * *

I walked quietly down the dark street to the lordship, and I glanced at the two men and women standing before me.

Grand Duke Catherine and the assassin, Suin Man, Bendik.

"I can't sleep."

"Laina..."

Coming without a word, I handed him Layna on his back.

"I've drunk as much as I can, so put it to sleep."

"......"

He looked at Raina without a word and looked at me.

"Thank you for saving Reina."

With a short token of appreciation, I looked at the woman next to him.

"Dear Catherine. How was the guy you missed?"

"I thought I was going to die for the first time in a while. Well, they were different from vampires."

"It's a man named Ma. That's also quite the top horse."

Perhaps he would have been more dangerous than Knicks if he had used his power.

Of course, compared to the fact that abyss did not lend me strength.

"Ho... ..how did you know, it was incredibly strong."

Katherine giggled her head.

"I'm going back to the imperial palace right now, Prince."

"Already?"

"Yes, I have to post the official report first. Oh, and this time, the Valkas Maritime Bureau sent me a message to thank Prince Davy. I'm indebted to you for not being able to express it in words. I will return your favor.It's more."

Valkas is a city state. Such a city-state was almost destroyed by the monster's attack at once, so their hearts probably sank in their shoes.

Catherine, who said so, turned away.

"I'll send you back."

"That's okay. I'm just going to enjoy my vacation while I'm on my way, so I'd like to take my time."

I didn't say anything about her mischievous remarks.

"I'd appreciate it if you could let me know if anything happens next time."

Speaking calmly, she disappeared as if she were scattered.

As long as the Knicks's work was done, there was nothing left for her to do.

Soon I turned to Vendique, who remained silent and was looking at me.

"You got something to say?"

"Laina's life span is..."

"One week. I've spent one day, so it's six days."

Raina's life expectancy is not accurate.

But it was clear that he said he didn't live much.

"You can't save... ...you can't save it."

His miserable expression made me shake my head only.

"They all have their own seats."

"You can... ..can't you save her?"

I opened my mouth at his words.

"It's not that there's no way out."

"What?"

"Pray to the Lord. Do you know if the whole universe will step up and help you in your desperate prayers?"

In my words, Bendik could not say anything. "Wishing for a miracle" means it's no use after all.

However, he asked for other possibilities rather than being angry, saying it was nonsense.

"Is there no other way? I'll give my life."

Argh!

At his cry I literally beat his stomach out.

"Luck..."

Although he didn't hit with almost all his strength, it was true that he was a little strong enough to endure as an expansionist.

"Give the first seed of God, the saint, human ductility? Are you crazy?"

"......"

She can never extend her life as a human being and as she is now.

"So... ..is this how we're supposed to let her go?"

"Why do I care about that?"

"Ha... But..."

"You'd better think about spending it efficiently."

He stuck to his silence at my suggestion.

"Think about what you can do for a stupid woman who's been fighting bloody battles for almost half her life."

His miserable expression grew darker.

With the Bendik behind me, I walked away without saying anything.

If a happy future is salvation for someone.

For some people, it is sometimes considered salvation to leave all their lingering regrets and disappear.

I didn't say anything until the moment he disappeared.

Then he slowly turned his head.

"Lune?"

At my call, a little silver-haired girl with a hat decorated with branches stuck out her head in the woods.

Like a soldier covering up his appearance, he looked funny disguised as if he were assimilating with his surroundings.

* * *

It was Lünne who hid and watched me.

For the sake of his behavior, I adjusted to his rhythm.

"What are you doing?"

In response, Lünne looked up at me for a long time and opened her mouth quietly.

"However, if you don't do this, I'm not interested in David Lünne."

"Where else did you learn such a bad thing?"

"Eurya Helicana. Lünne appreciates Yuri's sense of humor very highly."

What else should I say?

"What's the matter?"

"Report from Aina."

A relaxed smile disappeared from my face at Lünne's words.

We designated the top two aristocrats and the bottom seven who were moving hand in hand with the criminal organization on the Hines estate. Evidence is secured."

"That's true."

"Lunne thinks she can solve it, and Lunne thinks the assassination is high. It can be processed quickly and quickly if ordered."

I pressed down on what I wanted to ask you what you couldn't do.

"No, tell your Majesty to give all the evidence, and I'll leave it to Varys."

"Lunne, ask for a reason, it's impossible to understand with Lunne's thinking circuit."

"Barris is going to be king, so we're going to have to face him."

If you are going to be king, you should experience what you should do.

Funny sound. I'm so interested in that long-lasting flesh.

I got caught.

Lünne also did not talk to Persek, but he seemed to agree.

"I'm a little bit more in a hurry than he is."

Killing people to beat and kill is something you can do anytime. You can't prepare unless you check the possibility that the enemy has.

The procrastinating mass of flesh moves excitedly in the small bottle I took out.

Originally, the size was tens of times larger than this, but it was reduced to this size when the magic stimulated it.

Like pretending to be dead.

"Very efficient skin tissue to look at. However, it is a factor that seriously damages the beauty. Lünne downplayed it."

When Lünne said, I pushed the disease into him, and he stepped back one step and pulled out Paru.

"Access warning... ...access warning. Lünne understands!"

It seems to be a common abhorrence.

* * *

Reina has a group that has been living with her.

Except for the male-in-law Bendik, all of them were arranged and attached by the Holy Land, but her party seemed to be unable to trust and accept the sentence of her death, perhaps due to their affection for her actions.

Maybe that's why.

Her party, watching Layna, who was bright and suffering from a hangover, came back in droves to ask me for help.

To tell you the result.

They all turned down the offer. I also said this to Bendik, but if she is forced to save her life, there is a high possibility that she will be deprived of the ring of regret she will have for the last time.

What I meant was that it would be forgotten by all and perished.

The tentacles, which lose their owners, grow on their own with a certain catalyst.

They seemed to have something inherently directed at Persehrk. As soon as his safety was secured, he rushed toward Persehrk at random.

[Shock]

It was weak enough to shrink in one short spell.

Of course, not the usual shock magic. One-circle shock magic needed to be amplified to four-circles to be effective.

It was necessary to separate the risks he had one by one to find the factors that were detrimental to her.

"If you want to make something for yourself, you need to make sure that the synergy works well with you."

As I thumped at the bottle of tentacles, Persec stuck out his head in my pocket.

Then he supported his elbow on the end of his pocket, held his chin on it, and slowly asked.

You just want to see her freak out. I'm sorry, but I don't think I'll let you go the way you want me to, so wake up.

"Oh, you're so mean."

......

I answered so proudly that I didn't seem to have anything to say.

Knock, knock, knock!

And I said seriously when I caught her off guard.

"You don't seem to be aware of the seriousness at all. I don't know that side very well. Don't you know what I mean?"

If you're saying you can't deal with it in advance, I'll tell you I already know.

She nodded her head in a solemn expression.

"Yes, I'm not going to lose you. I'm not going to resurrect you as the devil, or I'm not going to let those black guys pick up on you.

So this sample was important. Without a word, the tentacles in the bottle triggered a magic wand that had been pre-drilled and instilled mana.

Steady... ..stuck...

At the same time, the abyss with manna suddenly began to twitch.

Davey.

"Trust me."

She avoided my gaze with a slight blush, then flew up and sat on my head with a soft smile.

It was then.

Cheung-grang!!

A bunch of tentacles in a small bottle popped out of the glass bottle and began to move actively.

They scurried and moved quickly and violently in search of Perserk, who was in a state of spirits.

Perserk's expression turns white because the drooping tentacles suddenly became active.

"You can't get used to it?"

It's a physiological abomination...

Those who reacted harshly to simply providing manna and rebelled made me think it was really.

I didn't expect you to react this much to the extent that you have Manna.

Watching the unexpected result, I suddenly found something and my expression hardened.

"Oh, my God, this is..."

At the same time, the active tentacle was crushed by the magic I had unfolded and contracted.

The bunch of tentacles soon died down, but I couldn't straighten out my face.

"This is a little serious..."

Don't look down on abyss, it's more arbitrary and dangerous than you think.

Is it because I've never had such a serious expression? Persek's face looked full of worries.

In fact, it was a far-fetched change. However, I didn't mean to make her carelessly about the useless facts.

The amount of activity is too spicy. Let's change it to a mild flavor."

A small hand pulls the hair on my top of my head relentlessly.

But I watched my manna changing in his sixth installment without a single error.

You guys.

It's extraterritoriality in the physical laws that exist in reality, or in the non-physical laws.

I felt dizzy.