298 # 298

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Twelfth and the Twenty-

Ignoring the chilly atmosphere of the auditorium, I pushed the platform away and said,

"Sir... what... what is that?"

The reaction of the students, who looked blank because they couldn't keep up with the situation, was simpler than expected.

"We're... You want us to attack you?"

Morrie Saelen, who was red and bloodshot because her tears were not dry yet, asked a question.

"Yeah. What you guys do is simple. If you brush my collar, you'll win. I'll end the class with that. On the contrary, if it is not successful, it will continue."

Timmy, who was devastated by my words, grinned.

"Clothes? Sir, do you know how many we have now? It's not an auditorium, it's a small classroom?"

I don`t know when this big classroom became a narrow space, but I`m fully aware of it. So come on, come on."

"Ha! I can't even touch the collar!"

Screaming furiously, he came at me.

She looked as if she was going to relieve her anger over the current situation.

Puck!

But even before he approached me, Timmy's new brother gave me a big flinch.

"Crying..."

"Let's see. Timmy Rendarog. Blood vessels are clogged. I'm not a genius, but I'll let you rehabilitate me."

[King Yurg-style crowd controller]

[Slightly hitting the palate]

Boom!

"Ugh... ..."

I grabbed him by the collar of a guy who couldn't breathe and threw him into the air.

[Cheonmagong]

[Bontal fascia]

Fluttering!!!

A heavy sound rang out and Timmy's body continued to fly in the air.

Then it collapsed.

"Luck..."

"Well... I'll have to do it four or five more times."

Timmy, who heard me mumbling calmly like a ghost, jumped up and spread the distance from me.

"How's it going?"

"Uh......how......"

" I would kill to hurt you but not not move. Come on, we don't have much time. What are you all doing? Come on."

With my smiling smile and the appalling air, the students are overwhelmingly in number. Even though I grated my teeth that I would punch that ugly face whenever I had the chance.

It wasn't easy to attack.

"You're not coming? Then I'll go there myself, though it's a bit of a hassle."

Whoo!

The students' faces began to turn blue as Jin-gak, who took a light step, completely smashed part of the wooden platform.

* * *

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"Teacher! Teacher! I'm sorry! Please forgive me! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Alisa Jospogg, who was screaming and running away, twisted her whole body and screamed.

When he lightly pressed down on the two temples with his fists and turned them round and round, Yoshia shed tears and screamed.

"Oh, my God! Fire bolt!"

Class F classroom was a complete mess.

But no one will hear the screams coming from the class F.

There's already Silence magic and Rock magic.

"Oh, my God! You can't beat me easily!"

The student, who clenched his teeth and wielded his staff recklessly against me, was the face of terror.

"Hahahaha."

"Oh... don't come! You crazy psycho!"

"Psycho, look at the teacher's way of talking."

Boom!

I snatched the staff in an instant and twisted the staff a little bit, and he hurriedly tried to leave me, letting go of the only weapon in his hand.

Puck!

Of course, I didn't mean to let it go.

In an instant, I put my leg up and scattered the center, and lifted my index finger.

[Sexual magic]

[Spirited fingers]

There's nothing good about knowing that I'm a saint. They're wondering if this is divine magic, if it's the power that comes out because I'm a sodmaster, or if it's magic.

I have no idea.

Pababababak!!

It was not long before the index finger stabbed him in the body and massaged him, and eventually he foamed and collapsed.

"You'll wake up in 10 seconds. Next!!"

I turn my eyes away when I say that. Among the students who screamed and ran away, Yoshia was silently preparing for magic.

She is.

He seemed to have already noticed his change.

"Josia Francois. What do you think it would be like if you showed your opponent that I'm preparing a big magic?"

"Well? At least he's after me, right?"

"You're not afraid of anyone you know, are you?"

Whaaaaah!

When I lightly lifted the podium nearby and threw it at him, Yoshia, who had a relaxed face, opened her eyes and finally released the magic and threw herself.

"Ahhhhhhhhoney psycho!"

"Cycho, I saw it right away!"

In a flash, when I opened my eyes and looked at her, a cold sweat began to flow over her face.

"Well, uh... sir? Don't tell me you're going to beat the weak lady."

Education is strictly gender equality. Josiah Francis."

Pababababak!!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Dozens of students rush to touch even a single collar.

Magic flew in from all sides and a surprise staff swing came in, but I didn't allow a single attack and beat it at random.

"...uh...uh...you damn violent teacher..."

"If you have the power to speak, run away quickly."

Yoshia, who couldn't even scream and stretched out like a frog, muttered, unable to control the saliva flowing around her mouth.

a complete mess

Some students completely lost their fighting spirit and crept back to my actions, which made me wonder if the flash meant this.

"There, three. Don't even think about running outside."

"Hey!

Timmy's fist, which he made a surprise dig, was certainly much more intense than it was at first.

Piercing the blood vessels was just opening the dam, but they began to realize little by little that there was a change in their bodies as they took hellish lessons for a few days.

You will feel that Mana's movements are strangely active and the body has become lighter.

Puck!

Of course. It's still a baby.

In an instant, I snatched Timmy's arm and controlled it like a snake crawled, lightly twisted his arm and used my thumb, index finger, and middle finger to grab the blood.

Then he gathered his hands together as if they were rotating them lightly.

[Cheonmagong]

[Taegukgong]

[Combiner]

[Taeguk Hwachang]

Poof!!!

The black and white air currents were illustrated, creating a huge Taegeuk pattern, and literally driving Timmy into the ground from the air.

It was so strong that there were traces of a huge Taegeuk mark near the spot where he lay down.

"Gasp!"

A deadly attack is obvious.

Why?

Timmy, who was actually hit, suffered a fatal blow to his body.I started to feel fresher than I did.

It wasn't just Timmy.

Most of the students did.

And the rest of the students, including Yoshia, who was the first to realize it, must have had an instinctively creepy idea.

"I... I'm not a masoch..."

"I don't think it's a good idea to be hit..."

I smiled at the guys muttering that they couldn't believe their condition.

"Really? I'm sorry, but your hobby is picking on someone."

"Crazy guy!"

Once again, the children are dispersed quickly. He realized that it was no use to attack right away, and now he has begun to make a concerted attack.

Some attract attention and some prepare magic that is difficult to avoid.

Even if most of them are students ranging from 1 to 3 circles, it becomes a big magic when they gather.

"Selvis! Get back!"

And the preparations of those students soon shone.

Selvis, who had been beaten numerous times by me, withdrew and a large fireball began to fly as if it were hitting me.

Go! Burn everything here!]

[Fire Brest]

Four circles of Fireblest can only be used here by Josiah.

Thanks to the support and support of the students, the magic was so great that it was different from her usual Fire Brest.

It can't be easy for wizards to work together like this.

I'm sure the kids don't know that either. They were instinctively working it out.

"Okay, great job!"

Watching the flying mass of flames, I gave my hand to the Fire Blast.

[Dispell]

Kwachang!!!

Then, the fireblest, which the children prepared for the reunion, broke down and disappeared before reaching my hand.

"That doesn't make sense..."

"No matter how Swordmaster it is..."

I continued to speak to the frightened students.

"Swordmasters or wizards basically use element mana. After knowing how to see the flow, you use magic. Just memorize the formula and follow the magic. That's it."

I, who extended my hand in theory class, moved Manna.

"Look at everything I do. Don't miss out on how the manna moves and how it's arranged!"

[Laughing]

Argh!!!

I pulled some of the students by simply arranging the mana, but I overpowered them as if I were covering the neck of a student.

"Don't move. Does it matter if Rosa Foren dies?"

"You crazy bastard!!"

A teacher who holds a student hostage.

Towards the students screaming with a look of amazingness, I lightly kicked Loisa's chills and kneeled down before hitting her back a couple of times.

'That's enough of him.'

"You coward! Are you still a teacher?!"

"How long will the magician use only a six-carpet war? Are you gonna be a knight?"

Boom!

Timmy Rendarog. As he has the most evil nature, he takes the most time to deal with it.

Boom!

When I snatched his arm and dislocated his bones in an instant, his body eventually hardened.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Screaming is like showing a crack at an opponent. Be careful with your mouth. Pretend it doesn't hurt. Pretend you're not sick. Psychological warfare is important for everything."

"Crying..."

I hit the back of the reflexively closing mouth a couple of times and opened the locked bloodstream a little, and threw him to Josiah.

"Oh... ..don't come!"

"Get away!"

Screaming and leaving the two colliding behind, I said.

"Each mana has his own characteristics. It means that they are nonliving things. Don't lose too much to Manna. A wizard is a lifelong companion to Manna."

"Whew... ..you don't say anything..."

"Look at me."

I spoke in a calm voice after I lifted some of Manna up and whispered.

"He hit me. You're going to scold me, right?"

At my whispering words, Manna suddenly began to move and mercilessly attacked the boy with a look of surprise.

It was similar to the first-circle Magic missile, but it was an unprocessed mana.

"I'm not asking you to do this right now. At least you know how to control your wife. What kind of sorcerer would you be if you didn't spend less than 90 percent of your manna?"

Poof!!!

In the end, students were unable to move because of the continuous contents of the class.

"Ha..."

"I'm not a masoch... ...I'm not..."

There were several students who crouched down and felt ashamed.

We're going to catch a person. Davy, what kind of education is this?

'No, it's working.'

Speaking calmly, I approached a student with a light step that didn't take a breath.

"Huh?! Seo... teacher! I'm sorry! Please forgive me!"

"That's enough. Everybody get up!"

Everyone's eyes were on me when I opened my mouth after I calmly raised him up.

"Everyone did a great job well done. Let's finish the basic class with this."

Usually, it's not weird to be outraged about what kind of class this is.

As students fought with me, everyone realized one thing.

It means that their mana is too active and moves freely.

It's as if the broken bone sticks clean and can move comfortably.

They were confused by how easy it was to move.

"Timmy, what's the best magic you can use?"

"Pa... ...fire bolt."

"Try it."

The guy who flopped at my horse opened his hand without a word and moved the staff.

at the same time

The magic that spread out as small as a finger.

It started to turn huge like a soccer ball. It was clearly an abnormal phenomenon.

The fire bolt, which was the size of a palm no matter how big it was, has grown like a third-circle fireball.

On the contrary, Yoshia, a four-circle, couldn't speak with her eyes wide open as the fire ball on her hand grew three times larger than usual.

"This is... what the..."

"Isn't it working?"

Timmy's eyes opened at my words.

"This is... how... how..."

"When I first gave him a pickaxe. What class do you think it was?"

The students were silent to my question.

"I don't think you knew. The pickaxe is a gruesome object that unconsciously sucked at your manna."

But these guys, who didn't notice it, had been swinging pickaxes by activating and circulating Mana without realizing it.

He used to bring water, instinctively detect mana stone bombs in the forest, and practice separating the manna of life from the mana of his own in the Goblin village.

There's not a single class that just rolled you guys.

At what I said, the students stared blankly down at their hands.

The unexpected change left the students speechless for a long time.

Toward those students, I spread the following class of warm-up.

"Now it's a theory class. It will be a different cramming education than a lame cramming education. The cramming education I taught you at this school makes you memorize simple formulas and memorizes principles."

The students' eyes were on me at what I said.

So I threw away the textbook I had left for class and smiled.

"I will make you take the formula apart and interpret it for yourself."

If you fail, I'll burn you with a fireball, so be prepared.

He... it's less hot than a Hellfire.

I tried to ignore Persec's absurdity of watching everything.