299 # 299

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Twelve Books and Twenty-two Books

"I've heard that class F is serious these days."

"It's not that'sincere.

"Oh, I heard that. I heard that no one gets close to class F because it's scary these days."

"What's going on?"

Middle school students in Shakuntala spend most of their time in classrooms.

Of course, competitors didn't have to get along, so the cafeteria was often used as a venue for small talk and information exchange among students.

That's why what happened in this cafeteria for the current Shakuntala middle school students was the most widely rumored.

The existence of the F class has become a hot potato due to a big incident not too long ago. This time, rumors about the ghost stories in class F began to rise.

"Come to think of it, all the students in class F haven't come to the cafeteria since the incident."

"I didn't go close either because I was a little reluctant. Rumor has it that you can hear an unknown scream at the door of class F."

"Rain... ..a masterpiece?"

Tensions began to pour over the slowly gathering conversations of the students.

"Oh, I've heard someone knocking at the door and sobbing to kill him."

The rumor, which had its tail in its tail and was gradually swelling, began to change dramatically.

"To be honest, the temporary teacher who came to class F. You're a little vague, aren't you?"

"That's right. They said they saw the symbol of Sodmaster, but honestly, at that age, what kind of Sodmasters are they?"

"Right? The greatest sword genius of the Palan Empire is a teenager, but she's still an Expert."

"Maybe the teacher. Maybe he's doing something unspeakable to his students. For example...."

a human experiment using the rank of teacher

At the words, some students trembled and looked horrified.

"Well, that's still true. All the students here are from aristocrats and rich families, and that's what they want."

"Right? But it's clear that the F-class atmosphere is serious. I heard that there was a ghost-like sound in the classroom at night."

"What is that... ...scary."

As the story spread like a grim ghost story, the students scattered, saying, "Everyone is scared."

The remaining students in class B and class C looked at each other and had a quick conversation.

"Would you like to go to class F?"

"Oh, no. We're all busy preparing for the magic soon, so there's no time to worry about it. I need to go and practice a little more."

"Well, isn't the last one in class. Josiah Francis fell to class F, but yes, Bourne is alone. There's no business in the head."

"If Josiah Francis had stayed in class A, he wouldn't have been in first place for a while."

The giggling students had no idea.

What are the students in class F who most middle school students ignore doing?

* * *

In fact, even if it was a class I took, there was nothing else but to improve my ability to use it directly.

Therefore, the students in class F seemed to be full of questions about what kind of theoretical classes I would take.

"Teacher, what are you going to do for your theory class?"

"Isn't it okay if I tell you what the hell you're doing?"

"You know, you're not going to have a group fight today?"

"Who is it at the end?"

A little boy in the corner of my horse raised his hand and flinched.

Then he buried his head with a red face.

"I will do it for you today, but if it tastes too good, people will mistake it as a pervert."

The student trembled and could not say anything at my teasing tone.

"That's right, but I'm ecstatic."

"Ugh... ..."

"That's right, but it's cool."

"Stop..."

"Yes, but I feel like I am getting lighter and lighter, so I guess most of you think the same way. You damn mazoheists."

"No! We're not that pervert..."

I know it's not right in common sense, and I can say that I'm not a majo.

I can't forget the taste of the hand.

Thanks to this, in addition to the students who asked the first question, some of the students who were waiting for the battle bowed their heads with their bare faces.

When I was mixed with some unexpected people, a look of despondency flowed out of me.

"Josia Francois. You have a unique taste."

"If you don't shut up right now, I'll throw the Fire Blast in your mouth..."

"Oh, dear.

Although they were students who had been grinding their teeth, they seemed to have realized one important fact only after experiencing their changes in such a short period of time.

Nogada will not betray you!

And so, students who realized their change after the mysterious dog days no longer questioned the class itself.

Of course, what you don't want to receive is one thing and the question is one thing.

The goal is simple. Be aware that it is impossible to improve your circle in a short time."

You guys are different from me.

"However, even the same two-circle three-circle wizard, I'll let you have different applications, different classes of wizards, different applications."

It's on their own to do it, but I'm confident that I'll open up that path.

For now, it is an official letter. This wizard will be carried out in the same way as last year. However, the upper part of the school sent out a rather unusual official letter."

Every single one of them will participate.

As soon as even one person falls out. The class is subject to abstention and disqualification.

"Not a problem. Everyone will participate this time."

"And by the way... ...what is this?"

My eyes wrinkled as I was reading the official document.

"You're eating too raw for a first prize.

Interview with Helison Valestia, a representative of all the classes in question.

It's funny.

Meeting only one person is the first prize.

In a way, however, it was also true that it was a great reward.

The first-class class will be allowed to meet with the sage at the tower."

"Oh, my God!"

"The Great... the Great!

The existence of a great sage to aspiring sorcerers meant that. In fact, it is a great honor to be able to meet and talk face-to-face in front of the audience at a time when it is ecstatic to see them even from afar.

It's ridiculous to know that the man in front of you is a wizard above your sage.

I didn't bother to mention it because it was a promise.

It is not helpful for education to make students feel uneasy.

By now, you're almost a teacher.

You have to learn hard.'

I gave a calm answer to Percerk's words.

You're learning?

Why am I teaching students so hard?'

Because you're just the first student?

That's right.

You want to torment them again when you see the dreamers full of their desire for magic?

Well, that's true.

However, I didn't mean to do a wild charity work.

It is also to keep the system, atmosphere, or teaching system of Shakuntala, a magical school called the dream of wizards, in mind.

Don't tell me you...

As soon as I get back, I'm going to build a huge academy on the Hines estate. I think we need to gather the candidates slowly. Magic, swordsmanship, medicine, Neo-Confucianism, alchemy. I'm going to teach you everything.'

What for?

To provide educational opportunities for the Hines, who trust and follow me to the end even though I have not managed themselves, and for those who are talented but cannot enter school because they have no money.

lastly

It was to fulfill Mew's wish to study.

If I do, I can do anything with my own hands.

Effortless, I plan to use any learned to try to die.

I.

Life in this world is full of new challenges for me, so I was going to make it if I had a chance.

It's impossible to build a school for just one person, but I'll be a lunatic who does that.

In a sense, it's more of a play, Davy.

'You're not wrong.'

Ha......do people know that he's such a carefree person?

'Well.'

Apart from my thoughts, the students who were blinded by the word "meeting with the wise man" began to face me.

"Teacher, if you take your class properly... ...can we win?"

The way he asked the obvious question, I threw a piece of white ink in my hand and got it.

"When you're past the point of death. It's done on its own."

It's bitter, but it's the truth of life.

Don't worry. I'm telling you, there are only simple classes that are definitely lower than the difficulty I've learned.

"It's just around the corner. Think everyone's dead and follow me."

* * *

The contract period at Shakuntala passed quickly one day ahead.

I rolled the students more intensely in the name of teaching formulas.

The students, who had been relaxed for the first time saying that they had endured the crazy class, finally struggled to escape the class with bubbles.

On the other hand, it was certain that he would improve his skills.

You said there's no smoke without fire.

F-class rumors were not completely false.

During the course of the class, I endlessly pushed them to the limit, and every time I overcome it, the F class is growing beyond comparison.

"Huh, there's been quite a buzz. I'm a little troubled by the fact that you assaulted a student in Class A in the middle school and threatened a teacher."

"What happened?"

"I didn't come forward. The Duke of Goliath, Julis, and the Elder Bram VI of the Blue Tower, who was hostile to you, managed to sort this out. It was a spectacular sight to see the Duke of Goliath screaming, "It's all right.""

The Duke of Goliath, the patriarch of the Duchy of Goliath, is a fairly quick-behaved aristocrat. There's no way he wouldn't be able to calculate the gains and losses that would occur if he touched my existence.

He's not just a stubborn wizard, he's a politician.

As expected, the world is full of unfair trade.

"By the way, what kind of class did you have? I've never heard of such a loud magic class before."

"Not much. He's more of an out-of-a-kind. You don't seem to be paying attention. What happened to what I asked you to do?"

Helison Valestia, an old man and a great sage, drooled over my question.

At first, it was still his way of pushing a little bit.

Before I knew it, I was rolling around in my palm.

"I felt it from the very first time I saw you... ...but are you really a human being?"

"It's a person."

"It is surprising that people can use such ignorant tactics, how many times have they been ahead of them?"

"I only see what I need. More than that, Shakuntala's magic number one prize is too salty. Why did you do that?"

At my question, Helison Valestia burst out laughing.

"Laugh. No one would ever underestimate it if it weren't for you. I'm a little proud of you, but I'm the number one person you want to meet with the wizards."

"Your old man is quite a joker."

"Well, I've chosen it from the tower, so what power can I have... ...and receive it more than that?"

Laughing, he quietly took out a small box he had hidden behind him.

It contained stones that did not emit brilliant light, but had subtle light on them.

"That's Bong In-seok you said was more than 50 years old. I can't afford two right now. I can give you at least one."

"Thank you. Honestly, that's too much for the kids to teach for a full day."

"Do you think so? That's right. It's too much for a full moon. Its value is much more rare than the expensive Majeongseok."

It is not even a common mana stone, but a Majeongseok.

If you have been refining Majeongseok for such a long time, which is extremely difficult to find even in a tower, the value cannot stay at its normal value.

"Well, do you want anything else?"

"No, I've already received enough from you."

He gave me a game board of high quality materials, lightening the old board that had already fallen over.

"Not only me, but also at the Tower Society, some of the words and modifiers you inadvertently threw seemed to realize what they were overlooking."

It's a wizard.

There are many people like psycho who sacrifice their own hearts to improve their magic skills.

At such a time, I wonder what it would be like for a human being who realized it.

"And think the rest is pre-investment. From this old man's point of view, you seem to be a great man worthy of close relationship."

I accepted the box without repulsion at the words.

"But. To be honest, it's Bong In-seok who's been making it's Bong In-seok. What are you going to use it for? There's no place where you can count the efficiency of the Seal Stone."

I laughed bitterly at Hellison's question.

"Seonginseok can lock up the power of something in this stone, my wise man. What if there is a poor man who is driven out of his hometown and forgotten by everyone?"

He hardened his face at my question.

"Forgotten by everyone... ...and imagination alone would be terrible."

"Right? Oh, it's time. Today is the last day of the contract class. We'll have a chat next time."

The rules that constitute the providence of the world have completely eliminated the presence of the warrior Raina. Now, no one but me and the world's eggs knows the existence of the warrior Reyna.

And, the reality will continue to be maintained.

Raina, a warrior who had become a hybrid of man, horse race, and artificial angel, completely disappeared. Even if she uses body ductility to pour it into her soul and made body, her body will soon break.

Then there is only one way left.

Leaving the wise man's house and flying straight to the Hines estate in a warp, I slowly entered the underground private laboratory.

There wasn't much to say, but I saw the only large test tubes that showed their presence inside the dark lab.

It was none other than the one that Lünne brought and improved the test tube of the ruins so that I could use it.

If you can't afford it right now, you can only bring it and use it.

At first, it was very difficult to use. Using the power of the composition and reconstruction of Lünne, we were able to realize a simple way of use.

Is it because I have been teaching students and making time?

It's a little different from Illinois in the examination room, but it's similar. A woman with the same face as Raina was asleep naked.

What was surprising was that she had large wings on her wing bones.

I've never made such a thing because I don't have a fairytale taste. Such a change occurred when the power of alchemy and God was mixed.

You're such a big fan of angels, aren't you?

"That stinky wing was made by the will of Priya who gave it to me, not me.'

Perhaps the Lord Priya wanted a servant who saved her existence and would use her power more usefully through me.

different from the apostles of God He's an angel, but not an angel.

artificially created, new life that the world can tolerate.

What makes up her body is just an artificial body made of basic materials for human ductility that are often readily available. Originally, it would never be successful, but if Bong In-seok could stabilize her soul and settle it, it would soon mean success.

The revelation was virtually the first of its kind through the scar.

Her name is Valkyrie, and under the will of God she will be a keeper.]

The body is already half made underground in the territory of Hines. What remains is a bowl containing the existence of the only force that will break away from the rules of the world that will create antibodies.

The only salvation that can be given to those who have lost their home and reality is now that.

In what sense does that mean it's more like human ductility?

"There's a big difference between medicine and taboos. And it's not saving the dead. I'm saving the dying."

Are you kidding me?

"That's a taboo for a person with a severed arm to wear a prosthetic arm."

In Reina's case, she just lost her body by a simple bad rule.

My alchemy teacher, Ivar, warned me never to have sex. But I said something else.

[David] There's a big difference between taboo and medicine and alchemy. It is the alchemist who explores the real truth that penetrates the gap well. I won't ask you for moral ideas. If you're not ashamed. Take care of it with your own power. And when something goes wrong, you take it on your own. An alchemist should never forget such responsibility.

Bong In-seok, which contains the power of abyss and has the power to refuse providence, is not complete, but it exerts a force similar to that of a wise man.

Huh, what's the rest of the Seal Stone for?

One Seal Stone is enough to solve Reina's problem. But I asked for at least two seals.

I grinned at her question.

"I'm going to hit someone in the back of the head later."

I don't know who it is, but the back of the head must be tingling.

At her words, I slowly wiped my smile and looked at the empty examiner.