293 # 293

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the 12th book

Shakuntala Academy is simply a dream school for wizards to enter, supported by the children of the proven aristocrats or rich or renowned wizards.

The school's history was as famous as 90 years, when the famous great scholar Helison Valestia entered the school.

Shakuntala's building was always kept magical, and upon graduation, most of them were recruited to the tower or selected as a national wizard to enjoy wealth and film.

Wizards usually require a lot of talent, so it's not easy to get started.

Therefore, it was not strange for children here to think that they were chosen as wizards, as the worst proportion of jobs in the continent was also magic.

Although only one or two circles are mostly and some are three.

I can feel how talented the magicians of your brother Winnina Reinfos Alpha are.

It was as Persek said.

The evidence will be that few people have reached the 4th circle since the school opened while receiving all the support.

Standing in front of the same classroom as the huge auditorium, Severes sighed briefly and slowly rubbed his lips with his index finger and thumb.

Then he looked back at me.

"Still, students don't know about Prince Davy. It seems that the rumor has spread that a teacher of the same age as them has come."

His words reminded me of the conversations of the students I saw on my way here.

"I think so."

"I won't ask you what you've been talking about and whether you've been a lecturer for 15 days. Of course, I don't have any questions about the prince's ability. If your teacher, wise man, has chosen, he just believes and follows."

"What do you look like, teacher?"

He shook his head at a calm question.

"The academic community doesn't believe that the prince is a great wizard. Common sense is that magic is an absolutely impossible area to grow in a short period of time."

That's a general answer. But he was a little different.

"But I don't think the rumors about Prince Davy are false."

Unlike conventional wisdom, there will be many things in the world.

He asks with a grave look.

"David, are you lying?"

"How do you look?"

"Truth is a good thing, and even if it's a lie, there's a lot to learn from the prince. For the students here."

Apart from everything else, he knew how well man is now on the continent.

"So please. They are so good that they can't stand bullying someone even if they have a high nose because of their strong self-esteem."

In short, he looked down quietly.

"Please... if the students are rude, please be generous..."

When I felt like a teacher who looks cold but loves students, my fingertips were itchy.

Elementary school was the only thing I met with my teacher on Earth.

Since I was in middle school, I couldn't even go to school due to illness.

And the teachers I've seen in my life here.

Are you crazy, Davey? It's just crazy, right? Who told you to breathe like that? Huh? Can't you breathe and search?]

The Holy Spirit lesson gave me resistance to abusive language.

If you make that one more time, I'll burn you with a Hellfire for a week. Do it again!!!]

Odin, who said he was the god of the wizard, let me figure out a formula that I never taught him and threw it into a fire pit if it was wrong.

[The basics of Spirits] You have to experience it firsthand. Don't you think so?]

I don't think so, you punk.

So I'll soak myself at the end of the deep sea for about a month.]

There was a time when I was trapped enough to think deeply about whether I was a fish or a human being at the end of the deep sea.

Black heart... ...kkkk! The heart is a sword. Oh, my eyes are pink, read my mind and figure it out!]

With a relentless drunkenness and a thousand-horse swordsmanship.

[Tired and sleepy, get off and cut 200,000 times. Come see me when you're done.]

The training of a simple ignorant sword god was shudder.

[Wow, you bastard!] I told you to do a magic trick, but you're riding a horse? Who taught you how to be funny?]

[Brother.]

[You bastard!]

Are they true teachers who teach someone well just because they are heroes who have enjoyed an era?

I am confident to say no by definition.

So the existence of a teacher to me has no weight.

It was a miscalculation made by learning many things with determination to die.

If I teach someone, at least I won't have an inefficient education like that.

Pooh. Why don't you know that living as you learn is a human race?

'I don't. You wait and see.'

What do you do when you teach Tanya how to bow? Was there such a detailed and caring teacher?

She snorted at my rebuttal.

Where did you go when you took away your sight and threw yourself into the woods?

'That's because it's an emergency.'

indeed

Although he wanted to pull at the cheek of the laughing little face relentlessly, the quick-witted Perserk quickly disappeared into the air.

"Well... I'll go in. By the way, the wise man advised me not to mention Prince Davy's name."

"I think so."

If you know my name value, you won't have a proper class, whether you like it or not.

Whether I'm a famous saint or an unknown teacher on the continent. In fact, there is no meaning or purpose in teaching someone.

I'll, I'll save you...

"Hmm."

"What's wrong with you?"

"No, I was thinking about something else."

When Severes, who had been giving a questionable look, knocked on the door a couple of times briefly, the wooden door, which had no handle, closed tightly and started to change by emitting light and moving on its own.

Over the door that opened like an automatic door, a fan-shaped cascade of lecture rooms was revealed, and dozens of pairs of students with various eyes headed here in unison.

At the same time, Ceverex's calm expression cooled down.

It's as if a person can make such a cold face.

"Let's start the class."

After climbing to the center of the church, the cold voice of Mr. Severes rang out, and all the students looked tired with tears.

"Timmy. What's that look?"

"Oh, well, you know. Sir."

Timmy Rendarog, 5 points off."

The boy called Timmy sprang up at his firm response.

"This... this is ridiculous..."

But before the horse could finish, his body shrank.

"Do you have any complaints?"

"Uh... There isn'

Your penalty is a total of 78 points. Don't forget that 100 points are expelled from school. Get a store and close the store."

After a brief dismissal, he quietly looked around the students.

Then he found a single-digit vacancy and frowned.

"Where did Josiah go?"

"I said I wouldn't listen because I'm not interested in classes. Sir."

"He practices magic by himself, as usual."

Soon after, a boy wearing glasses answered quietly, and Cevez's expression frown.

But it was only for a short time.

Classes are normally conducted. But it will be a little different for about 15 days from today."

At his words, the students looked around at me with a look on their faces.

"Who is it?"

"You really look the same age as us."

"Handsome..."

There was a murmur of noise from all over.

"Isn't that a normal face?"

"No, he's not. He's such a good-looking guy. When you get used to a handsome or beautiful girl who shines at a glance, that's where you go. It's the inside."

Although there was not much voice that openly criticized me, I could hear the words well.

Since you said I'm handsome, I'll let you slide.

She was silent, hiding her innermost thoughts, and she coughed briefly to silence everyone.

It`s the school`s policy. She is Debbie, the teacher who will teach for 15 days in class F from today. Even though it's a short period of time, don't forget the courtesy of the teacher and make sure it doesn't tarnish the school's face."

I grinned at his brief introduction.

"It's called Debbie. Not everyone will be the same, but I heard that most of the students here are about the same age as me. Please take good care of me."

A happy smile hung around my mouth. Isn't the first teacher to try activities formally experience.

I really wanted to try this.

Not only words but also actions are no different.

In my words, some boys made expressions of disapproval.

Perhaps being a teacher of the same age as them was a very intrusive item.

"Teacher Debbie. Then I'll leave you alone. Just in case..."

After a short pause, he looked back at the students and the students flinched loudly.

"Please tell me if children behave rudely."

Some of the children seemed relaxed when he left after quietly lowering his head.

No, most of them did.

For the students, Severus seemed to be a very scary teacher.

On the other hand, to them, I was rather comfortable like a friend who didn't have any age difference.

The biggest reason was that there was no age difference enough to be difficult to approach.

Even though I was there, I smiled kindly at the children acting as if the class was over.

Yeah, this is what a student should do. Bright and innocent.

in harmony

They are different from adults who have been suffering and misleading someone and have become corrupt.

Nevertheless, there were no students who had the character to bully their classmates.

What should I do if I don't repay the pure students' expectations?

"First of all, a promise is a promise, and I will be in charge of teaching you for 15 days from now. I can see the reason why it's until the Magic Circle, but I don't know."

Everyone looked at me with ease as I spoke quietly.

"Let's make a good relationship for the time being. So, do you have any questions for me?"

At my question, the students began to raise their hands one by one.

"Teacher! Are you really a teenager?"

It was not long before a girl with brown hair came slowly and I nodded my head to show my approval.

"Seventeen, surprisingly, there's not much difference between you and me."

"Are you a wizard, too?"

I nodded my head the same way to the question.

"Yes."

"Sure. How many circles are you?"

I answered the question firmly without a single lie.

"Beyond 9 Circle."

Really

Take a picture.

The short answer silenced the surrounding area.

Nine circles is the end of the circle.

But there is clearly a higher ground because it is not the end of the magic.

Those who go beyond the end of the nine-circle.

You carry the word "transcendence. You are delving into endless learning.

In short, it meant that the distinction of the field was meaningless, especially at the level of turning the full circle like me.

"Poof..."

It was then.

My calm answer makes some students' faces look like crap.

Then, some laughed at the bluffing answer.

"Hahahaha! Teacher. a pure liar"

"Hehe, that's right. I almost believed it was too obvious."

They are like children who accept that I answered as a joke.

It was then.

"Sigh. Of course I'll ask. You're not even in your 20s. Is the Circle Wizard in your own right? Don't make the new teacher uncomfortable if you're sensible."

Bam!!!

The boy's head bounced back for a moment, speaking with a relaxed impression as if he were mediating the situation.

A white white piece of white ink lightly blew the center of the boy's forehead.

The boy fainted as his head bounced off.

Baek-mook, the criminal who knocked the boy out, was buried white, revealing his traces fiercely.

"The ship... ..white ink?! Argh! Selvis!"

The girl sitting right next to you screamed or not.

I just took a glance at the book, which was used as a teaching material, with a loving smile, and tore it apart.

It's hard on the outside and it only teaches the theory of murmuring inside, so you can't climb a circle even if you die.

"Let's hear why I like being a teacher more than you think."

With my words, my gentle smile and gloom are young.

"Teachers have an obligation to guide students properly."

If it goes wrong, we'll have to beat it back.

A fall in teaching authority? A student is a royal family and an aristocrat?

What am I supposed to do?

There is an old saying.

The whole army...

I promise I'll show you a class I've never experienced here before.

The wizard's way of teaching beyond 9 circles will be quite novel.

"Let's start our first class. I saw a lot of good places for classes on the way here, but there's only one thing you're going to do."

As I always say, humans grow rapidly in extreme situations.

Where do you sell your kind teacher?

'That's very generous. He's leading a hopeless case.'

It's crazy...

The expression on Persec's face was young in my answer.