297 # 297

The Manreb hero is coming back!

12 volumes and 20 episodes

There is nothing new about conflicts of self-esteem between teachers and teachers.

It was obvious that the hand of Ullis' entourage, Colin, who had been quite hostile to me since the Maston Society, had reached this far.

"Huh?!"

The burden of class A, who belatedly realized that something scary and sharp had passed on his neck, was about to scream.

I grabbed him by the neck and knelt down and smiled.

A smile full of life.

The air in the area cooled down in an instant, and those who watched the situation silently shrank and faltered.

"Go tell him."

Short words made my eyes shine.

"I don't care what kind of self-esteem Sung-guk and Mat-Top have, but this is the last time I've put up with petty tricks."

Although he had a small voice that no one else could hear, the man's face grew blue every minute.

"I mean."

I opened my mouth quietly in the heavy air and silence that seemed to weigh down around me.

"......"

"Do you understand?"

His voice was not heard, but when I saw him nod his head desperately, I quickly recovered the power that I had spread satisfactorily around him.

Colin, who was a wizard at Ulysses who became the elder of the Central Tower Council, is a wizard at the 4th Circle Master.

In addition, despite being a four-circle, it had a significant influence on many towers.

It doesn't make sense for such a man to provoke you just for a simple reason.

There is nothing to think about.

I'm the one that the sorcerers who try to explain all the principles of the world by law are most troubled by.

It is a holy country.

Sungguk and Mattop, who claim that everything is set under God's will, were actually unable to get along very well due to the nature of their one-sided existence.

In such a time as that, in the wizard's home base.

a saint of the realm

And you suspect that a boy under 20 is the Circle Wizard?

Or refute the theory that they have been working on for a long time and have been preparing to defeat their opponents?

In other words, it is not just about individual pride.

Perhaps Colin was just a must and quite a few people would sympathize with him like an iceberg hidden in the water.

That's why I would have done this.

I will ask the bait of class A to make a fuss here.

If this happens, of course the school won't be able to protect me anymore.

It's a fact that everyone who knows I have something tremendous in mind.

Even so, however, he is under the illusion that as long as he lives on the continent, he will not be able to live his own life breaking the rules of each place.

Yeah, it's an illusion.

I think it's a bit early right now.

'Right. I'm sure you've flipped it over. Let's wait a little bit this time.'

At least until the full moon of the appointment with the students.

I could see the eyes of the F class students looking at me stiffly.

"Teacher..."

I am afraid of the unexpected cold appearance, but their feelings toward me were a little different.

The school teacher assaulted the student and threatened the same fellow teacher.

I'm not a complete teacher, but a short-term contract instructor.

It is obvious what will happen if this happens to the upper part of the school and spread throughout the school.

However, on the contrary, there is one fact that they are overlooking.

"Are you... are you all right?"

The way he asked with a worried look, I ruffled his hair without saying a word.

"What."

"The Duke of Goliath is making a huge donation to this school... ...if this is known..."

The students in class A who were hesitating to run away with their fingers and the boy's expression pointing to the burden of class A were asking a lot of questions instead of words.

In fact, students in other classes, regardless of class A and class F, are watching the situation.

"So?"

"That's... "

"Why would you care about that? Go back. Go and calm the others down when you have time to worry."

With the words, I turned around and he grabbed my collar.

"Huh... what about you?""

"I'll stop by there to take care of a little bit."

* * *

"Oh, my God!"

After returning to the classroom, Timmy kicked his desk roughly and expressed his anger.

"What a teacher!"

"Calm down, Timmy."

"Do I look calm?" It's not like you didn't hear what the Boshir said!"

As Timmy said, most of the students were angry.

I always knew that the famous Bozir of Class A had such a bad temper.

But today, I was unusually angry than usual.

He insulted all the classes, committed sexual harassment without hesitation, and treated my teacher as if he were a servant.

Students could not vent their anger without understanding why they were angry about such things.

"Stop it. Why are you guys making a fuss when Josiah is still?"

Serend Letta, a cold-tempered student, calms down, but most of them were after riding in a cheerful atmosphere.

"But you can't fight with a teacher? If you don't fight in a situation like that, you're going to be beaten for the rest of your life!

"Get a hold of yourself! So you're saying that a student can start a school violence?!"

The situation took place just before the fight broke out with each other.

"Yosia, are you okay?"

"There's nothing I can be angry about."

"But..."

"That's enough. It's not the rumor that it doesn't exist at all."

Despite his work, Josiah mumbled calmly.

"By the way, the rest of the kids are late."

At the same time, the closed classroom door opened and some children, including Morrie Saelen, burst into tears.

"Mori! What's going on?"

Timmy rushed out to comfort her as soon as he saw Mori coming in crying, but Mori cried louder and hugged him as soon as he saw Timmy.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! What should I do?"

Students who were surprised that Mori, who usually has a passive personality, cried so sadly gathered without hiding their emotions.

"What the hell is going on? Mori, are you okay?"

When Timmy patted Mori Saelen's back and soothed him, Mori, who had been crying for a long time, slowly stopped crying with hiccups.

"You're... you're..."

"The man? Why the man?"

On behalf of Mori, who couldn't speak, another student slowly opened his mouth.

"You said it wasn't a student, it was a teacher."

"What are you talking about..."

"Bossir's been crushed. Debbie. Plus, I'm threatening my homeroom teacher, who's a burden to class A."

"What?"

The students jumped up, surprised by what they had not seen.

"What do you mean?"

"Don't touch your student... ..hahaha..."

Eventually, the student burst into tears and burst into tears, and the students who ran out first, including Timmy, couldn't control their confused faces.

So you're saying, "Mr. Debbie, he sent us out and turned us upside down alone?"

"That's because of us?"

Boshir, a former Goliath duchess, belongs to a highly campaigned group on the tower.

"I... I heard... ..that if you touch your student, he'll really kill you. It's like..."

Desperateness began to hover around.

Yoshia, who was sitting still among the students who were absent-minded because she didn't know what to express this.

"This... this isn't good."

"What do you mean? YOSHIA."

"It's a trap. Someone set up a trap to kick Debbie out of this school..."

In an instant, she muttered with a serious look.

"The teacher assaulted a student and threatened a fellow teacher. What do you think this means?"

"Then..."

"I'm saying there's a huge crowd right now."

"But it's so easy..."

"The Duke of Goliath, the home of Bosir, makes a huge donation to this place, Shakuntala, every year. Even if you don't, it's impossible to ignore your breath."

They don't know that their teacher has a huge stake in the entire tower and is a VVIP customer who sells large amounts of moon leaves every quarter.

Timmy humbled by Yoshia's cool judgment.

"No way! Why do we have to deal with them like this when they're making a fight?!"

So... what happens?"

"I don't know... ...but at least I'm getting kicked out of school right now, and I'm at the risk of being completely buried or disadvantaged in this industry."

The enraged students have now begun to turn the arrow of anger away.

"I'm gonna go and argue! This isn't right. No matter how psycho-like a teacher is, I can't allow him to be kicked out like this."

At the same time as Yoshia said, Timmy clenched his fist.

You're saying, "These kids borrow the power of the family, aren't you? All right, if you like family fights, let's face it."

Timmy, who was about to roll up his sleeves, opened the classroom door.

And

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

I tripped over something and was carried in by someone.

"What are you doing to get ready for class?"

All the students looked dumbfounded at the teacher's appearance as if nothing had happened.

"Seo...sir?"

"Everyone, sit down. I told you that I'm going to change the class from today."

The students thought at Mr. Debbie's smile.

This guy.

"You're pretending not to care about your work."

I'm sure he's a psycho teacher who's so hateful that I want to death.

I couldn't understand why I kept getting nervous.

There are only a few days left before we meet. Everyone has endured basic training well, so we need to take an intensive course now."

Regardless of what Debbie said, the students could hardly concentrate.

"Teacher!"

Soon, Timmy, who was the first to be carried on his shoulder, shouted protestingly.

"Is what Mori said true?!"

"Well."

"I hear you've gone crazy for us!"

"Oh, that?"

Timmy's words made him sing.

"It's not because of you. He who attacks fearlessly should be punished."

Think it's a lie and students bite their lips or not.

Debbie glanced at the prepared text with a consistent look.

It was a relationship for basic wizards.

It was quite a lot of work. This kind of cramming doesn't work very well.

"Everyone is practicing magic from now on."

At his words, Selvis sprang up.

"No, sir! So what matters now is not the class!"

Do you want me to sew that mouth?"

At Debbie's words, Selvis flinched.

"Why do you care about that? Such a complicated and dirty issue of interests is up to teachers to take care of it. If you're wrong, you'll be able to beat it back. If you did something that you shouldn't have done as a teacher, you should be beaten."

The students could not say anything at the words.

"Most of all, you are my first disciples. What kind of teacher can't keep a student?"

"... sir... ..."

Eventually, when some burst into tears, the atmosphere began to turn warm.

However, it did not take long for the atmosphere of the classroom to collapse at once.

"I'm going to class now. From now on, all of this classrooms will be blocked from outside."

"What?"

"Huh?"

"What are you looking at? I will start the actual class from today. Think of all the dog trouble you've had so far for today's class."

Deby, who spoke calmly, let go of his hand.

At the same time, blue air began to flow through his whole body.

"Come on, everybody. I'll cut through those with blocked veins and keep those with too much heating. After successfully completing today's class, he will grow to an unparalleled level."

That's it and this is it.

"If you thought I'd lower the class level just because you did that, you'd be wrong."

Why did the little voice sound so cool? Each of the students could find themselves crouching and shivering.