296 # 296

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 12th and 19th episodes

101. Noganda never betrays you.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Morrie Saelen, who shrieked and curled, trembled.

Ring!

The entire cave collapsed as if it had been waiting for this to happen.

The faces of the students were frowned upon when they realized that the only way out was blocked.

"Another fantasy?!"

"It's fair to look down on people!"

"Thorrible shock? It's seven circles of magic! It's not even funny! How can anyone use magic other than a great wise man!"

Selvis sprang up from among the enraged students.

"I'll do it. Fantasy parhyma is my specialty."

Selvis, who said so, raised his hand to the pile of fallen stones.

Then it hardened.

"Selvis. What's wrong."

"Uh, um... you know... ..."

Selvis, who was groping a pile of stones with a blank face, muttered with a blank face.

"This... this isn't a fantasy."

"What?"

"Then you're really... locked up?"

Selvis collapsed at the screaming students' shouts.

"Food... check the food! Communication magicians can't wait to go to school... to school teachers!"

In an embarrassing atmosphere, some trembled as if they were panicking and some were indignant at the situation.

And some have grasped the reality.

"There's... there's really food..."

Yosia, who mumbled absentmindedly, dragged out a large bag of bags from the inside of the buffered cave.

It was filled with water and dried food.

"You... you brought us here with this in mind from the beginning?"

"What the hell, why?

"How do I know!"

Stress builds up extremely, causing irritation to explode. Timmy shouted hurriedly, watching a quarrel break out here and there.

"Everyone, be quiet! If you're fighting right now, you can't go out!"

"Oh, I don't know! He'll take care of it! I just saw him disappear and he used his magic!"

As soon as he shouted, there was a quiet silence around him.

"Hey... Josiah."

"......."

"The magic he just used... ...is it really a terrorist shock? That... seven-circle magic?"

"I don't know... ...but I'm sure it's not a natural collapse. But the seven-circle magic is that I hardly felt Manna's flow. You must be lying."

It is absurd to collapse as if only a few places were targeted.

"Still, you can't do this with the magic tools the school supports. If this was possible, it would've flipped over on the tower."

"But I've never heard of magic without a spear."

"And you can't feel the man's man."

"Who the hell is he..."

After a brief discussion, the silence pervaded.

Then, a moment later, Morrie Saelen, who had a quiet, passive personality, carefully raised one hand.

"You know what? Guys... you know that nine-circle you said..."

"......."

"Maybe that's what you were saying... ..."

The least likely, virtually impossible reality.

But why did they bring a boy of their age as a teacher?

Think about whether you came here on the recommendation of Helison Valestia.

If that's true.

The boy's words suggest that there was no lie from the beginning.

That's why I couldn't believe it more.

"That's ridiculous. Does that make sense? The greatest magician, Dae-hyun, is 7 circles. I'm sure it's a lie to call it 7 circles at that time. 9 circles? That's ridiculous.

"Then the record I saw on the playground... ..."

"It must be hallucinogenic!"

"That's right, but now I know he's a wizard. I don't know what you've done, but you're fooling everyone. He must be a master of persistent and meticulous hallucinations."

"I'm sure you're an old man with a nasty personality."

"If you're a teacher in psychedelics, you understand everything."

Yoshia frowned when she saw the annoying children.

The fanciful story is clear. The current conclusion may be a clear fact.

But why am I so nervous?

The thought that if I continue to take this crazy human lesson, I might really die sounded an alarm in my head.

You're saying that a person under 20 is a nine-circle? That's ridiculous! Forget it. Cut it out and get up! We've got to move a little to get out of here right now!"

The students lifted the prepared pickaxes and shovels as if they were hypnotized.

* * *

Because of my behavior of conducting crazy classes twice, not once, the students in class F finally turned out to be rags after a day.

Then he opened his eyes and attacked me.

None of them stopped Timmy's actions, which seemed like he would grab his collar and blow his fist right away.

"Is this what you're gonna do?"

"Was something unsatisfactory?"

"Are you dissatisfied?" I almost died, but am I dissatisfied?!"

At Timmy's cry, I smiled and picked up the pickax that he had dropped.

"What do you think this is that you used to get out of there?"

Timmy's eyes flinched at my question.

"It's just a pickax."

"Just? Are you stoning me?"

His impression was frowned upon by my acrimonious vitriol.

I can't believe this pickaxe just looks like a pickaxe.

"It's a pickaxe that has become an art magic. It will take more than a month for the full moon to freeze to death to simply escape from where you were originally from here with shovels and pickaxes."

Some of the quick judgments I said were silent as if they had noticed the situation.

The pickaxe is a horse.

+15 is called a pull-gang pickaxe.

To be honest, I did my best to teach someone formally for the first time.

Seven-circle high-human is a sophisticated magic that makes such an ignorant act possible.

"So, even if I gave you a magic pickaxe, can you bury the student in the cave?"

Timmy said that I pressed his head off and turned my head.

"You said class F was a failure."

"......."

"You said you wanted to go up. But you're playing the knights by the means?"

Yoshia, the school's largest mathematician, exists in class F, but magic cannot be solved alone.

"Don't think someone else will be playing and eating while you're trying."

Anything that goes beyond someone requires more effort.

He frowned more at my words.

"Then you'll have to practice magic more and more, this nonsense..."

The man who was shouting violently stopped talking.

As I always say, this boy, Timmy Rendarrog, is a representative of this class and often carries a gun alone.

So I needed to make sure to him.

"Trust me, I promise I'll make you crazy psychos that no one in this school can ignore."

My serious voice silenced the students, including Timmy.

"You rather want me to be suspicious of my existence. Doubt and doubt more. Dig out who I am and think about what I'm doing because it was my assignment to you from the beginning. But."

I took a port out of a pocket filled with my waist and gave it to Timmy, and I ended up talking.

"I will never tolerate any dissatisfaction with the content of the class. There are no two chances. If you don't want to hear it, you can refuse it. Refusing classes like Yoshia doesn't mean the school will immediately rule you out. However, once you reject it, it's over from then. I will never look back on you."

Students read each other's minds at what I said.

I have to tell you I'm going to give it up. It seemed that he didn't understand why he couldn't resist.

"Is it really... Does it work?"

"I told you. A teacher is the one who leads the students to the end."

So

I'll change you in at least 15 days.

It is the only good and bad thing about children who don't know the world.

* * *

Half of the full moon passed in a flash.

The neat and beautiful Shakuntala made it easy for my uniform to become a rags.

"Ha..."

"buried in a cave in the first day, and transporting to transport water and riding in the mountains to death in the second day ......."

"Ha... if the water on both sides were any different, they'd have to get a new one, right?"

"What do you say on the third day? I really thought my limbs were going to explode."

"Oh... the forest where the explosive mana is hidden..."

It was thrown into a forest full of explosive mana stones, where it escaped naked.

About a day and a half. The next task was all the more spectacular as we trusted and relied on each other.

Without magic, it was to infiltrate the Goblin village and steal the goods of the Goblin chief.

Even if Goblin is weak, there are many Goblin in the village. Goblin is a monster who is so vicious that a man is torn apart and a woman is humiliated.

However, Debbie relentlessly pushed all the students into the Goblin village.

'If you're in trouble, I'll save you. Instead, it doesn't stop until everyone succeeds. Education extends until all of you succeed.'

I was actually caught.

infiltrate the town of Goblin several times When caught students are in crisis.

Artifacts emitting strange smoke poured down from the sky.

It was an expensive magic additive containing the scent of goblin chasing.

At this point, the students had no choice but to rely on each other and trust each other.

The teacher, Debbie, who leads them, was clearly a psychopathic psycho.

Otherwise, I won't make you go crazy like this.

During this class, which is neither purpose nor meaningful at all, they never opened a book on the theory of magic.

Anyone who gets caught reading this beggarly book will die.

That's because there was a warning from Mr. Debbie.

As each class is led by the homeroom teacher, the contents of the class itself are selected by the teacher, but I thought it was too much to do this.

"Oh... it's him."

The students, who trudged into the cafeteria without thinking of dusting their exhausted clothes, frowned at a boy of my age who was sitting on one side and eating leisurely.

"Looking at it now, it's like a meal."

"That's right. You're so handsome."

The girls, who said they were handsome for the first time, could not hide their irritation.

However, the reason why students couldn't leave Davy's class despite this situation was because of one declaration they heard when they escaped from the cave on the first day.

a confident remark that will surely help you grow

I tried to put a kite in the family to find out who he was, but there was no student who heard the correct answer.

No, most of them didn't even know who the teacher was.

"To be honest, it's a little surprising. I didn't know you'd come to class regularly."

"... ...I don't know."

Timmy grinned at Yoshia Francos' answer, which seemed to be irritating.

I've been dogged once or twice, and even though I'm tired, now I'm used to it and my head is starting to roll.

What's surprising is that the crazy teacher never threw a problem without a solution.

The problem was that the solution to the problem was so absurd or out of the blue.

"Oh, who is this?"

It was then.

Timmy turned his head in a relaxed tone, and he could see humans he didn't want to bump into at school.

"Bossir."

"I thought a beggar was in school again, but he's in class F."

"Shut your mouth. If you don't have anything to do, I recommend you get out of here."

The boy, who was called to see Timmy's vitriolic tongue, spoke with a flaunting of his neat attire.

"Well, it does look good on you. That ragged piece is a school uniform for the failed class."

"Kkilkkkkkk."

While giggling and enjoying himself, Bozir's eyes turned to Josiah Francis, who started eating without a word.

"Hey, Josiah Francis."

"......."

Either way or not, Josiah kept ignoring it.

"I don't understand why a genius like you is doing that."

"You don't have to understand that. Get lost."

"Why don't you come back now instead? No matter how much trouble you cause, the teacher will accept you as a class A."

"Of course, you'll need a price. You're famous. They spread their legs wherever they can to improve their career and their magic skills."

The sight of the children laughing and mocking broke out in the eyes of the class F.

Obviously, I've never felt this anger before.

Even though they are classmates, they are not all from other countries.

Graduating from this school beyond high school was the end of the relationship. Therefore, I didn't pay much attention to the individual's work.

In particular, Yoshia Francois was not on the same side as the students in class F because she came from the other class. Rather, it was an uncomfortable relationship due to an incident in which he was absent without permission from the magic.

But why am I so angry?

Timmy, who stood up reflexively, smiled bitterly at the bumpy muscles on his arm.

That crazy psycho helps in times like this.

Reflectively, he was about to punch Boshir by the collar.

Understand!!

"You're good at fighting while eating at a public place. All F-classmen will get a three-point cut."

Davy, who appeared calmly and lightly blocked a fist that was about to hit Bozir's face, said bluntly.

"Eat and get everyone in the classroom. From now on, I teach in the classroom."

The students were enraged at the remark.

"Teacher! Didn't you hear what that nut said?""

The fierce cry scooped Davey's ears.

"So."

"What..."

"So you can fight?"

"......a bloody human......"

Timmy clenched his teeth to a cold question, stared at him and ran out.

Then most of the F class ran away with an angry look.

Very few remained.

"What? There's a teacher of the same age.I guess it's real."

Speaking slowly, Bo Xir, who tapped Davy on the shoulder, made a chuckle.

"Have you had a hard time teaching these F-classmen? Why don't you come to my family as a wizard instead of going through a hard time? You look pretty young, but my little sister, who's not a big fan of sorcerers, will take care of me..."

Boom!

Even before the words were over, everyone in class F was shocked.

Bo Xir's body, which had been humbling and sarcastic, collapsed.

"I'm not a kid. It's an X bird."

Davy, who spoke calmly, turned his head somewhere. There was a mean-looking man staring at Debbie, looking coldly at the situation.

"You're the rumored teacher, Debbie. But can I dare to ask class A, the promising players that Colin is in charge of, what the hell are you doing?"

"That's what I'm saying."

There was no honor.

"What... what?"

"Children don't know and can do that if they're immature. But you shouldn't feel pressured."

He, who spoke calmly, threw Boshir.

"Oh, my God!

"Look... look! Hey! You! You know who Boshir is and you're doing this?! The next Duke of Goliath, the disciple of the Colin Magician!"

Just because the class is an equal school does not mean that the class disappears.

But you know.

The saint ranks above the simple royal family in terms of simple height and height.

"What do you say? Can you drop a meteo on that duchess?"

"What, what?"

"Or will you take the best wizard Colin or the call girl out of the tower?"

"Crazy! No insult like this! It's a parachute that the great sage put in for me! What right are you!"

"What right do you have, you still don't understand......"

Debbie, who had a vague ending, approached him and said quietly.

At the same time, the blue auror, the symbol of Swordmaster, began to flow through his whole body.

"What I'm saying now is not just a threat. At this school, the only students in class F can come at me."

"Eeh...eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

There was a look of embarrassment around my words.

It was a view that I didn't know who he was responding to like that.

"Don't touch my student who's already sensitive. I've seen one more crap.I'll break your neck if you leave."

Along with the words, some of the blue air currents flew like blades and brushed past the man's neck, creating thin blood vessels.

Whatever the way they are, they are my first disciples.

Don't touch me.