291 # 291

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the 12th Books

Most of the sorcerers of the society are one-sided people.

Therefore, few new people attend the conference.

Of course, most of the new attendees were disciples or acquaintances of the most prestigious wizards.

And

If the sorcerers have the same mind wherever they go.

Wizards' arguments are always obvious when things go badly.

As soon as I thought so, the conference was so obvious that I could sigh.

a place of mass fighting

Within each tower, or inside the tower, the members of numerous factions check against each other and protect those who sympathize with each one another.

In other words, the theory itself, which is the beginning of the debate, is not very important whether it is wrong or right.

It's a legitimate way to prove that you're superior to others by smashing their knowledge and criticizing them.

Of course, it's funny that you're even more absorbed in your theoretical research to avoid giving your opponent a chance to dig into it.

Everything is done because it is accomplished.

If it was just a meaningless fight.

Perhaps this conference has not been maintained.

Does this mean anything?

'They have their own reasons.'

For example, the ability of a wizard to complete a real theory by defeating all the persistent opposition attacks and proving a new theory he has established.

In any case, the level of wizards here was considerably from 5 to 6 circles, with most of them coming from their disciples, acquaintances or descendants.

Since there are seven circles in existence, rather than eight circles, one might wonder if eight circles really exist.

"According to the relative theory of the circle and the heart that Peniel V, the former leader of the green tower who has passed away, every time the circle increases, the pressure on the heart increases and the heart is overburdened."

To build muscles, repeat lifting and releasing heavy dumbbells.

Just like running nonstop to run fast and train your muscles, wizards are people who develop their core, the heart and brain, extremely.

"You said eight circles are theoretically and practically unattainable? No way. Then how do you explain the old record of eight circles?"

Of course, there was a counterargument because he threw quite a big rice cake.

"The laws of physics, as is the case with volume mass, vary in size. Although the heart has the potential for growth, there is definitely a limit to the size of a fist getting stronger. And the research results of our research group. It is predicted that the maximum number of human hearts can reach to transformation is seven circles."

In other words, 7 circles are the limit even if you change your bones. He said he could not reach the 8th circle unless he wanted to die.

The wizards, who started to talk to each other in a loud voice, began to argue one by one.

"Isn't that too hasty to say so?"

"That's right. According to Bram VI's theory, there are still too many questions to be clarified."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... The results of the study."

Various opinions poured out, but as a result, they were divided into factions supporting and opposing the Bram VI theory, and were engaged in a complicated war of words.

"More than I thought... ...it's a little bad."

WINRI, who was watching quietly, opened her eyes and murmured.

For Winley, the Ma-Tower Association's conference must have been a dream come true.

Attendance here means that you have been fully recognized as a wizard.

However, when I came to the truth, I thought it was wrong because it was a controversy over whether it was true or not, regardless of the important issue.

"Orabani."

"Hmm?"

"You said that was a false theory, didn't you?"

I nodded quietly to his question.

"That's right."

"However, given the current situation, it seems hard to find a big problem with the theory itself."

As she said, the current war of words was highly inclined to support the theory.

There will be only two people here who feel it's wrong, except me here.

Ulysses and WINRI. Just the two of you.

Both of them saw me sharpening more than eight circles of magic, so of course I couldn't agree with that theory.

It was just a moment when I was thinking about how to explain Winnie's question.

"Prince Davy doesn't seem to like this society."

It was a small voice.

The surrounding area was coldly silent because of the wavelength of the word.

* * *

The wizards, who were humming and quarreling, were silent all at once.

All the magicians who said they were quite old gathered.

When a wizard becomes independent under his or her teacher, he or she performs a ritual of becoming one wizard in every tower and is recognized as one wizard.

Like Ullis, some people become independent before the age of 20 and carve out their own way, while others in their 30s and 40s may not be able to escape by being servants of the teacher wizard.

Each of those recognized as one sorcerer becomes a member supported by the tower and is treated as an equal member, leaving his previous position.

Why am I saying this?

It was because there was a man looking at me with a slightly fishy smile behind the old-age wizard who had been picking a quarrel with me.

Colin Bermils IV.

He was a man who had been giving me quite an unpleasant look as a wizard of Ulysses a while ago.

He was dressed as a symbol of a tower other than a red tower, but it was not difficult to predict that he was a wizard of Ullis, who had yet to escape from his teacher's control.

In other words, it is a parachute established by the influence of a teacher.

He didn't hide his hostility from me from the start. by the power of abyss To be honest, he was so devoted to his feelings that I wondered what the hell he was that he almost laughed in vainly.

In the cold subdued atmosphere, Winri looked around nervously and clenched her fist.

I'm sure I'm confident.

It seemed unwelcome that so many people were all looking at me with displeasure.

And, so did Ullis, who seemed to be in trouble over the sudden situation.

The gaze they were sending me was as far as I could see unless I was quite oblivious.

Foolish. Or repulsion.

It was a rejection of why I was in the sacred tower society, not even a wizard.

Clearly, the society is an independent space and not a place where royalty can come at will.

I didn't have to break their tradition, so I was just keeping silent.

If the other side bites and droops like a dog, the other side will have to pull out its teeth to loosen its instincts.

"Well... I understand. It's different from a simple case of borrowing the power of God from the heart, such as the divine power. We are the ones who do not crave God's love and carve out their own way. Please bear with me even if it's a little boring because it's hard to understand."

In short, since we are pioneers of our own way, you, who have gained great strength without any effort for being loved by God, do not deserve to reveal your boredom toward the wizards here.

I'm confident in puns.

"Of course I understand. I don't know that the sorcerer is stubborn, or that he's trying to understand the reason of the world..."

The old man's impression slightly frown when I answered with a grin.

"That means..."

"However, I don't think it's right to say no, even if it's right. The chicken doesn't turn into a pheasant."

The smile slowly crossed my arms.

"And while it's no problem to ignore me, I'm not going to stand still in the Holy Land to ignore the magic and the act of ignoring God."

The magician's expression frown with displeasure at my words.

Don't be offended already.

" is simply a public answer to the question. But I have a different opinion. I don't belong to the Holy Land, so I don't need to save face."

I, speaking calmly, slowly got up from my seat.

Don't expect a good word from me because you've made a quarrel with me.

"But, frankly, I'm a little disappointed. I think all the magicians who have been corrected are forgetting the most basic things that are most basic."

My spiteful tongue caught the eyes of the sorcerers.

You think it's sweet?!"

"A fake who imitates magic with his divine power!"

Expectedly

When they heard the rumor that I was using magic, they seemed to think that I was simply imitating element magic with divine magic.

No one here has noticed the presence of a sleeping mana in my body.

"Ha......I understand. For those who suddenly gain great power and status at a young age and are supported by the achievements of the continent, the product of these people will be interesting in nothing."

"Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah! Yes. Well, that's the case with my grandchildren. That's what happens at a young age. However, when you get older, you get a little mature. Hahahahahahahaha!"

Some hostile wizards, who had hostility but no justification, never missed an opportunity to bite the country's existence.

WINRI, who couldn't resist their behavior, clenched her fist and said something.

I asked quietly, holding him back without a word.

"You don't seem to like being here."

Some wizards did not stop sarcasm at the question.

"Oh, don't get me wrong. I'm just worried because Prince Davy looks very bored. Definitely, the theory was difficult. But it's a seat... ..and I'm sorry I can't lower that level."

Those who were determined to bite were in favor of Bram VI's opinion.

Perhaps they are in agreement with him.

On the contrary, it was the people who had raised suspicions about Bram VI's theory that remained silent, although they did not make much progress.

"Tw... ..I can't get out of politics even in this situation."

People who have hardened their hair with age do not change their thoughts easily unlike their children.

This is because they find it difficult to admit themselves and admit that they are wrong.

When I stood up calmly, I asked Bram VI, an old man standing on the platform.

"6 Brams."

He looks at me in silence at what I say.

"The theory itself was quite novel. I don't really want to complain about that, and there's no reason for that."

"This is a theory that I and my researchers worked on for a long time. I can never let go of criticism without justifiable grounds."

"That's right. Anyone who denies what they've worked hard can't help but get angry. However, a promise with the wise man is a promise, so I have to work."

I got up slowly, speaking calmly.

Then he grabbed a piece of white ink on the black board on the platform and approached.

"Can I have your attention, please?"

Everyone looked at me in silence at my calm words.

And. Then, as if relieved, WINRI loosened her fist with a relaxed expression.

"I'm very interested in magic for now. So I've read a lot of magic books from the tower."

I, speaking calmly, began to touch some of the formulas written in white ink.

These were the modifiers that Bram VI was trying to write while explaining his theory.

"Here, here, here."

I asked after speaking calmly and relentlessly drawing the formula.

"Isn't this wrong?"

It was a different formula from the usual case where I explained that the formula I drew was 1+10 instead of 1+12.

There was a cold sneer around the mouth of some wizards when I asked my question.

"Hahaha...hahaha!"

Then, soon they began to hear their laughing sound.

"Hahaha! Prince Davy doesn't know anything yet. That's the formula. The mathematical formula and the magic formula that the pension system normally deals with are different.

Yes, in magic, 1+1 can be 0 or 2 depending on the situation and the inverse. And it could be 10.

And the criteria for dividing it follow the laws of physics.

"What else am I so worried about? Haha. Prince Davy. These are the formulas for their own reasons. Everything else is correct."

An old man, who was in favor of his opinion on behalf of Bram VI, has been sarcastic.

mocking me for being stupid or boring without knowing it properly

In the end, he seemed to be full of derision as to whether the questions he had put forward were such trivial things.

Of course, that's a simple formula that even the wizard of the second circle can easily notice.

But I kept my expression on my face and just smiled.

"Oh, really?"

Bram VI coughed a little unpleasantly in my words.

"Hmm! I can't say anything about my discussion... ...but this is a little unpleasant."

His words were added by the other wizards.

"Ha-ha. I didn't know Prince Davy was so interested in magic. If you like, I'll give you my own magic book from the tower."

"Laugh. If you do, I'll teach you the basics of magic."

It is not a favor but an obvious sneer.

They crushed their opponents as they wanted, proved themselves above, and they were satisfied with it.

So

I didn't attend here to see that.

I have no intention of instilling Winnie the wrong way.

As the laughter from all over the place continued for a long time, it was as if WINRI was about to say something.

I wrote something small under the formula I checked slowly and hit Baek-mook strongly on the board as if it would draw everyone's attention.

"But why does this formula come out?"

The audience was silent to my question.

"It's the same calculation, but the non-physical laws apply here, and the physical laws apply there. Non-physical laws when needed, physical laws when not. Is it like romance when I do it, and an affair when others do it?"

Man is a horse.

When something happens that you don't know without knowing it, you tend to interpret it according to your taste.

It's a wrong formula, but if common sense and what they think fit together, they make fatal mistakes without even realizing it.

There was a silence on the unexpected question as if it had poured cold water on the crowd.

Then, after turning the board around, ignoring those who were so silent, I wrote a light simplified formula.

If it's a formula that Bram VI has described as correct,

The simple formula I wrote came to the conclusion that this was impossible very quickly and simply.

Of course, they will be seeing this formula for the first time.

But the difficulty is very low. It's a simple level. It seems accurate because it is simple.

"See? You're wrong."

The silence of wizards who lost their words to the unexpected calculation method was maintained for a long time.