292 # 292

The Manreb hero is coming back!

12 volumes and 15 episodes

100. You're not ready yet.

Only one Ullis looked surprised in the silence.

You're so quick-witted.

He quickly analyzed this formula objectively regardless of his political position or pride. You'd have noticed the message in the formula I've just written.

After that, some of the quiet wizards opened their eyes wide and gave a surprised look, but there was no reason to care about it.

"Winley."

After a while, I was looking around the quiet conference hall and quietly called Winnie.

"Yes... yes! Brother."

"Let's get out."

In short, I passed Bram VI.

"Again, whether the theory is right or wrong, the attempt itself was very good. It's just that..."

I passed him quietly because I didn't know what to say.

"If we exclude [politics and pride] from the process and formula of discussing it, we'll develop further."

Bram VI, speaking calmly to me, just glared at the board, saying nothing for a long time.

He seemed to have noticed.

On the other hand, some were just busy criticizing me as if they didn't know this situation at all.

Apparently, most of the towers are favorable to me because of the problem of the moon's grass leaves.

However, it seems that the aristocrats who are single-minded enough to attend the conference don't care about such things.

"Stop it!"

It was not long before I heard a furious shout of Bram VI leaving the conference hall.

"Prince Davy was right, my theory was wrong. I won't take any objections."

Mumbling as if he had realized something, he shouts at me.

"De... ..Prince Davy!"

I stopped to do so, and I just waited without looking back and just waited.

"The Divine Magic is different from the elemental magic itself, but how... ..do you know this?"

Magic formulas are very funny structures.

In order to understand the theory, one needs to know how to analyze formulas, but one has to create his own circle and deal with Manna to reverse this.

I laughed quietly at his question.

"When did I say I can't use magic?"

At the same time as I said my hand bouncing lightly.

The brightness of the conference hall, which had been shining with a soft Mana Stone, shone at least three to four times brighter.

"A wizard who is not faithful to the basics goes out of the way. The wise man once told me to look around and I guess he was aiming for this."

The wizards, who were looking around at the hall in dismay at my words, could not say anything until I eventually disappeared.

* * *

"Orabani!"

WINRI, who was following me, gave me a bright smile.

"You're the best. You've silenced all the wizards at the conference, haven't you? That's their most confident theory."

Her words made me more disheveled his hair without saying nothing.

"Uh... ..don't mess your hair up."

I just murmured quietly at the sight of a man crying and complaining.

"Winley, what do you think magic is?"

Winley gave a troubled look to my question.

"Ma...a magic? Well... it's a little hard to explain like that. It's like the academic skill of feeling, adjusting, and rescuing the intangible manna that exists in nature, discovering new laws that do not exist in the world and creating a phenomenon."

I opened my eyes wide to see if Winnie, who was speaking, realized something strange.

Entering the 4th circle, he became a superior wizard.

That much brilliant Winnie would have realized one big problem.

"Orabani... ..then the formula..."

"Yes, I'm kidding."

My answer made Winley's face look despondent.

"Orabani... ..."

Win-ri, who was muttering helplessly, smiled and stopped.

"Wait a minute..."

She opened her eyes round with a murmur.

"Wait... what's this formula... oh, my God, Fria..."

Winley shivered as if she had goosebumps while talking.

"Orabani... ..is this what you're trying to do?"

My formula is wrong.

But in the process of calculating it.

Many wizards instinctively imprint a fact in their heads.

The application method that is different from conventional common sense.

And the moment you put forward the application method.

You realize that the theory of human limitations that Bram VI put forward is distorted from the beginning.

The wizard, who has not been stubborn enough, is also a double trap that can never be understood for the rest of his life.

Honestly, it's similar to that, but with a slightly different formula, everything can be understood.

The absolute law, which has no room to dig into, is completed.

However, showing such a finished product doesn't take much medicine for a magician.

Above all.

Why do I give enlightenment to people I don't like?

Those who have noticed such hints deserve to develop, but those who are complacent because they cannot develop further from their positions will not understand even if they go through their lives.

In addition, sooner or later, I will laugh at myself saying that the simple formula I showed was wrong.

Great gains for those who are friendly, and for those who are not.

Magic is so funny.

After a long walk to the accommodation, I told Winley, who was still shivering with chills.

"Go inside first. I have a place to stop by."

"Oh, my God... how many different formulas... ..if this is how it works."

WINRI, who slowly brooded her realization, opened her eyes wide and looked up at me.

"What? Where are you... Are you going?"

"Pre-survey."

Shouldn't we go to accept his offer?

The society simply went to see if Winnie was doing what she could see.

What the real Helison Valestia asked me to do is.

It was none other than at the huge magic academy in Lindhall.

* * *

There are several academies on the continent, but Shakuntala, a magical academy in Lindhall, is simply like Harvard for wizards.

Harvard?

"On Earth. It was famous for being the best university. Well, I don't know if it's really the best university."

I've never been there.

That's what human perception is.

Davey, I mean you. There are a lot of mischievous sides.

Persec was an outstanding wizard.

So she had seen the formula from a different perspective.

You didn't tell Winnie either, did you?

There is one more trap.

"You've caught me.

Don't take her so lightly. At least she was a magician who mastered eight-circle magic.

Unlike the one truth I simply explained to Winley, I hid another great truth in a subtly wrong formula that seemed to fit.

Sadly, no one seemed to have noticed that.

The only thing I noticed was Persec, the best wizard I knew.

Woooooooooooooooohoooong!!

It was not long before I reached the entrance of the Great Magic Academy Shakuntala, and I stood on an automatically moving platform.

Then, with a light echo, the blue image lifted up the square platform where I was and blew it inside the academy as wide as a magnetic levitation train.

As I was looking around, touching a moving platform as if a magic carpet was flying, I could see countless students walking around in an academy uniform.

Age ranges from 9 years old to 15 to 19 years old.

It was quite diverse.

In the first place, there is no limit to the lowest age limit.

Of course, the maximum limit exists, so those over 25 cannot enter the school.

In that sense, this is literally funny considering the high school, where most of the boys and girls my age are in.

It's not even a funny reality, such as private tutoring of the same age.

The wise man Helison Valestia suggested this instead of giving me more than two rare seals more than 50 years old.

"Welcome. Prince Davey. I first heard from the speaker, Helison Valestia, that he was coming. I will lead the temporary instructor job that Prince Davy will take over for the next 15 days."

He is an unintended teacher.

There is no reason to teach my magic to the ignorant.

However, if it is simply to overlook a widely known theory, it can be said that this side is taking it at a low price.

Bong In-seok's price was higher than expected.

However, if the wise man gave up the seal stone by his own discretion, the tower would be strongly opposed.

That's why the old man sent me to the conference.'

To put the Wizards in debt to rest their grievances.

Again, the sage Helison Valestia was a remarkable genius who knew a lot of facts and humanities except that he was a seven-circle wizard.

'At least I won Old.'

Oh, my God... you're such a narrow-minded man... a nine-circle wizard.

It's amazing.

"My name is Severis. I'm from a commoner who doesn't have much to do, but I'm a teacher at the academy and the head of the 4th dormitory because I'm in the eyes of the wise man.

He was a man with a really strict impression.

I have a hideous impression that even if I make one mistake right now, I can see why Helison Valestia sent me to him.

Unlike what he looked like, he was quite a straight man.

as a teacher of students a man who knows how to love his students

That was the Severity I saw.

Of course, he was a man who looked quite cold on the outside, apart from what he thought.

"This is Davy All-Own. I became a temporary instructor for 15 days, even though I was not enough. I look forward to your kind cooperation."

"No, sir. The great sage said that Prince Davy is still young and has excellent knowledge. And you're also a saint of the continent."

I burst out laughing at his words.

"Huh. As an instructor, class starts in two days... ..but would you like to take a look at the students?"

I nodded quietly at his suggestion.

"That's what I was going to do."

In my words, Severes nodded silently and activated something similar to the scaffold I had just ridden when I entered the academy.

At the same time, the steps inside the academy changed in unison, moving the floor as if it were alive.

"The prince is going to teach magic in the second grade, middle school. They're students just below the high school that's about to graduate. It's embarrassing, but it's also the class I'm in charge of."

"Is that so?"

Usually, the academy leads to applying for classes like a university, but the academy and Shakuntala here seemed to lead to integrated education until before the high school.

"Timmy is quite playful. Please be as careful as possible because Ellie doesn't listen to class when she sees handsome men."

While listening to Severus, who had such a silent and cold expression but began to boast and gossip about his students, I listened to the sudden sound of him.

"Hey! Did you hear that? There's a short-term instructor coming into the academy this time!"

The word turned my attention.

"Oh, that? I heard that, too! I heard you!"

It was a conversation between a young boy and a girl.

It was not long before another girl broke in on the conversation between the two.

"Oh, I heard that. I heard you're about the same age as us."

"Oh, my God... ...someone is a two-circle wizard at this age. Who's the teacher?By the way, how many circles does the teacher have?"

I don't know......I haven't heard anything......I don't even know his name yet."

As I alternately listened to the students' words and Severex's student pride, I burst out laughing at the soon-to-be-sounding words.

"Isn't that funny? What does the same age as us teach you?"

"That's right. It hurts my pride a little."

"Hey... ...stop it, guys."

"No, let's check it out. If we want to teach us, we need to have the skills. That's why we're testing."

He's still talking innocently and fearlessly, and he's Timmy.

It suddenly hit me that I was watching students who were making noise as if they didn't even recognize that I was watching them.

How far away I am from ordinary life in this world.

De... ...Davie?

Test... these little bastards have swollen livers.'