294 # 294

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 12th and 17th episodes

"Let's see, Timmy."

"...yes."

"Elly."

"Yes..."

"Alisa."

"......here, here it is."

Everything has its order.

People have different mindsets and ideas are completely different.

Since they are still children who grow up as they are injected, education itself will not be difficult, but if their lives are denied, they will inevitably become the last ones.

When I came out to the playground with all the students, I looked suspiciously at the board that I was holding in my hand, ignoring the students who were looking at me.

"Mori."

"Yes~"

"Rosar."

"Yes."

What's his rule?

Every time I called, the students said they liked it, but no one ignored my call.

"Josia."

Soon after, I called Josiah, who was branded as the problematic child of courtesy, naturally looked up when I couldn't hear an answer.

"Josia Francois."

In the silence of silence, a student raised his hand carefully.

"Well... sir? There's no Josiah."

I turned my head to the answer of the girl wearing glasses, who answered cautiously in a passive tone.

"It's an opportunity never again, do you want to hear it?"

Where my eyes were directed was beyond the large flowerbed on one side of the playground.

"Josia Francois."

"......did you know I was here?"

"Why don't you know what your student is doing?"

As soon as I answered casually, a pretty girl with black hair appeared in the grass with a grave expression.

"Yosia?"

"Oh, my God, Josiah."

Josiah Francois.

He seemed to be an unprecedented, genius student at Shakuntala, now a four-circle expansion wizard.

Magic is usually divided into six circles and black sodmasters, but in fact, it is true that the wizard's growth rate is lower.

in such unfavorable circumstances

It's true that it's a big deal for a girl who's only 16 years old to say that she's a four-circle expander

The problem was that the level of teachers who teach at school was also 4 to 5 circles, so it was true that she had to think about whether she was at the right level as a student.

"I think that's why she's so far.'

His brother's love.

At the age of only 15, Winnie, a four-circle student, went up to four-circles without any lessons at these schools, solely by magic.

WINRI's talent is incredible...

Actually, I would say no, but considering that I entered three circles at the age of 14, Winley was definitely one of the geniuses.

"Well... I'm a little interested."

After walking softly with a bored look on his face, Yoshia took me around and squinted her eyes.

"I was told that the new teacher is about the same age as us."

"So?"

"So I was a little curious, so I came here. That's amazing."

She, speaking calmly, looked me up and down.

"I can't believe she's a teacher I can't feel at all."

Her words caused quite a stir.

How ridiculous would it be if it turns out that there is no first-circle manna for a teacher who teaches magic?

"Yo...yosia! I'm still a teacher..."

"Weren't you a meritocrat?"

"Still..."

"You don't know why the A-class people look down on us like that, do you?"

I've heard it from Sheveres first.

In the case of the F class that I'm in charge of, it's the F class because it's the lowest.

In this school, where skills tell everything, it is bound to be a very disgraceful label to be in class F.

"Yosia, watch your mouth. But it's just that we lost the counter-magic, not that we're losing our individual competence."

"Yes, and besides, you didn't even participate in the last magic, did you? Why are you blaming us for being so uncooperative when there are not enough people?"

As if the goal was quite deep, the students grumbled their teeth and gossiped about Yoshia.

"It's no use being a high-circle and a genius. I'm in class F because I failed because I couldn't even fill the attendance days."

In the end, a boy might have touched her back.

The boy covered his mouth with a sick look, but Yoshia's expression had already cooled down.

"Yes... ..it's true that I didn't attend last year's Winter Wizard. I don't want to make excuses, but a teacher who teaches magic doesn't have a circle. It's not funny, is it?"

The sight of Josiah turning around without hesitation caught me by the back of her back.

She seemed to be quite a flop in this class.

The fact that she suddenly fell to class F because of her absence from the winter magic seemed to have been implicitly circulated among the students.

I'm sure he's a victim, and he's very guilty of causing damage to the whole class.

Pretty face is the problem wherever you go.'

"Teacher... Sir? What are you doing?"

"That's what I want to ask. It's not my thing to turn back a rebel. What are you doing?"

She frowned at my calm question.

"So do you think you deserve to teach us? A teacher without a mana cl."

Her words shut the other students' mouths.

If what she said was true, it was only a reluctance to learn magic from someone who was certainly not a wizard.

Furthermore, it seems to have been all the more desirable that they were the ones who would take care of them during the event called the "Magic Festival"

"That's not for you to judge. I changed my mind. Go and stand in your seat."

I retorted in a stiff tone, and she nervously removed my arm and pulled out the waistband.

"Put yourself up against me. Sir, if you're really qualified, you'll have no complaints about taking the class. They may be too soft to be dissatisfied with your guidance, but..."

She made a determined expression on her face.

"I'm different. At least see if you deserve to be our teacher..."

Boom!

Things happened before she could finish talking.

Yoshia's knee, which had been shining proudly at the end of the war, fell down as if it were crumpled.

"Huh?"

She looked at me with a frown as if she didn't even understand why she knelt.

"What's this...

"A student evaluates a teacher and decides whether to take a class or not? You're crazy! You're a friend of yours? The world is easy, isn't it? You look like you're some kind of big sage when you're in the 4th circle."

Her impression was frowned upon by my scathing criticism.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Then she slowly got up, pushing Lee Yu-mo under heavy pressure into her mana.

"What the hell are you doing..."

"I've heard your answer well. Want fast results? Okay. If that's what you want, I'll teach you accordingly."

I was going to take some time to roll it slowly. If you want such a thing, I'll rule out any mild-tasting education.

In short, I looked around the students.

"Are you thinking the same thing?"

The students mumbled at my question. He pretended not to be on the outside, but he seemed reluctant to be educated because he believed in a boy his age who seemed not even a wizard.

Anyhow, they're simple guys.

You're very excited about what's going on. Everyone doesn't even know who's going through this.

"There is no exception. 20 laps on the playground. five first-come, first-served The rest will be done on a first-come, first-served basis."

The students' faces were dazed by my words.

A wizard is more like a scholar who studies theory and phenomena. Of course, magic and body are so far away that it is called physical ability.

I can't believe we're on the field 20 times. The students' expressions hardened by the hard order that even the knights would not do well.

"You won't? Then I'll make you do it."

I bouncing my hand in short words.

Whoooooooooooooh!

At the same time, all the students' bodies began to float and were thrown on the course of the playground without mercy.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Cooch!"

Screaming and wandering students scrambled to their feet as if they didn't even understand what had happened to them.

But the students who tried to protest me from the course stopped at the end of the big course.

"What is this... the wall?"

Toong! Toong!

It's definitely nothing in the air, but I can't go out like a solid wall.

I walked casually into the back of the course and spoke quietly to the students who couldn't hide their embarrassment.

"Run to death from now on. Run and die. You are free to use magic or run to death. But, the moment you fall behind, you'll get a penalty, right?"

You'll get caught and you'll get caught.

With the words.

Behind me, the air began to tear apart, revealing a dreary space like hell.

Boom! Boom!

And, beyond the hot crack, a huge hand that might be bone or crust began to pop out.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Oh, my God, it's a monster!"

Screaming and jumping up, the students step back one step back.

Yoshia, who spoke confidently, also frowned and hardened her eyes to see if she could not understand the current situation.

"Here's the question, Timmy Rendarog. Do you know his name?"

Timmy mumbled blankly at my question, unable to hide his trembling pupils.

"Eh, the Wizard's Natural Enemy... ...Pubok."

It is a large monster that lives mainly in volcanic areas. I'm basically a mahjong. There is now a place on this continent where the remnants of lost will remain.

And the reason these guys are famous for the wizard.

It is also due to the funny fact that it is completely immune to magic less than five circles.

Of course, there is a record of all of them being slaughtered under the leadership of the Palan Empire because of the danger.

"I'm sure a lot of you have seen it in ancient books. You're under a lot of pressure, aren't you? You can believe that a chick like you is strong enough to burn it."

There's nowhere else to run, and the only way out is in front of the road.

More confusion has been added to the ridiculous situation.

"I'll change the way I do it 20 laps. What does that mean? Be prepared to die. Watch him blend right into the end of the time to run away and where you are tired to death the recall of ballok Match. By the way back and gain by it if you want to die."

It's the one you liked, right?

Boom!!!

At the same time as I said, Balok, the skeleton giant of the flames that popped out of the huge crack, struck his angry fist on the ground.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

The huge roar of the deafening roar made the students look beautiful.

When the students were shaken with a heavy shock, the students began to step back as if they were scared.

It's definitely a threat that won't be strange to sit down on the ground because your legs are loose.

They just crept away. He had no idea how he had the courage to run away no matter how he faced the registration.

"Nobody will save you, class F? It seems like they are famous for failing classes at school, so what should the school say about some of them dying?"

Yoshi cried out in a fit.

"That's what the teacher has to say..."

"Teacher?"

said I, who smiled a hideous smile.

"Didn't you say that it's hard to accept a man without a circle as a magic teacher?"

Her face was distorted by my rebuttal.

"I'll never let this go."

"That's what you decide when you survive. Move it."

As soon as I erased the smile and gave an order, Balock began to approach the students as if they had become a faithful servant.

Then, the first to realize the seriousness of the situation, Yoshia screamed.

Everybody jump!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

His legs are running like crazy even though he is crying and running.

You're a vicious man.

Human beings` true nature can be revealed only when driven to extreme situations."

After all, you are no different from your teacher.

"No, at least you don't really smash it."

I came out of the course, ignoring the screaming and running students, smiling as I saw the tremendous pressure-breathing record disappear all over the place just now.

a realistic hallucination

No, it wasn't even here in the first place.

What I did was block the course of the playground with strings so that I wouldn't count anywhere else.

And I've just given dozens of students six circles of mass hypnotism.

"At least you don't let a man who had nothing stand by the side of the road and have him follow you until he dies, do you?"

I followed the real Balok to tear me apart. That's when I started to feel Manna.

Fantasy is different from reality.

That's what...

"There, they let their legs loose in fear, and they even put on a delicate divine buff spell so that they wouldn't collapse, and only half the speed of the epilogue came out. He's been extremely narrow in the heat he's heat."

Students have even hung a full body protection magic to prevent physical damage. It's just a common running scene in a quiet playground because people can't see or hear it.

How much...

He's a kind teacher.

"What do you think?"

Single-eyed as if she had been fed up with my words and pulled my cheek relentlessly.

She doesn't know what this stupid running has to do with magic class in the first place?

"Why not? In order to investigate the distribution, activation, and habits of each person, it's best to push the mana-driven aerobic exercise to the limit."

Whatever it is, the first thing to do when teaching someone is not just an ignorant cramming education.

Understanding a student's abilities and characteristics of an individual student.

That would be the most efficient way.

"Even if we don't have much time, if we don't have enough time in advance, it's no use Persec."

At least one thing is for sure.

She spoke emphatically.

Your teacher and you are just as out of minded.

Did you know that your father, who you admire and miss so much, taught you without knowledge at the top few?

On second thought, I'm pretty pissed off. I should have set Harres' temple on fire before he came.