290 # 290

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Twelve

The sudden appearance of the old man made a flurry of alarmed expressions around him.

He would be, too, because the identity of the old man was such a famous old man that anyone living in this city called Lindhall could not know.

a man of great wisdom

He was a wizard of more than seven circles, Helison Valestia.

Even passers-by looked at Helison Valestia in surprise, so it was easy to see how great his position in the city was.

"Yeah. Is this the one that the four Yulis praised so much?"

"Oh, this is Winley All-Roon. It is an honor to meet the great master of the continent as an academic of magic."

He burst out laughing at Winley's nervous words.

"I don't know what to do with you for giving me such a good old man."

"Oh... no, sir! How can you lower yourself!"

Certainly, the Helison figure has the privilege of the Continental Union, so that he will not bow his head to the royal family or even to the king.

You're at a strange level. Normally, a sage like that is something that everyone admires.

Apart from the 7th circle, his knowledge is wise. His personality was famous for his admirably broad-mindedness.

When he greeted me and Winnie in person, who seemed to be in their 20s, he seemed to be amazed by the performing wizards.

"The sorcerers' insistence is the same everywhere.'

an obstinate, eccentric, single-minded prisoner

The sorcerers are such tribes.

"How can you lower yourself? How can it be wrong to greet someone who deserves that kind of treatment in personally.

He slightly frowned at Helison's words.

"But..."

"Stop it, there should be no more disrespect."

"......I'm sorry…"

His act of forcing an apology itself was quite irreverent, but it didn't matter.

He's already paid for it.

"Yeah, I'm here to get the game board."

"Yes."

"Well, a promise is a promise, that's good. I'll show you myself."

"If you're lying, talk to me. I'll show you around separately."

"Oh... yes, I look forward to seeing you. Mr. Yulis."

When I followed Helison Valestia, the representative, and I moved, I could see a lot of anger on the expression of the performance wizard, who was staring at me silently.

What can I say more if I don't control my emotions and attack without covering my face?

* * *

"It's a pretty shabby place to invite the only saintly prince on the continent, so eat it."

The wise man's quarrel was a great mess in his frankness.

Usually, the most wise man on the continent reminds us of a room connected to a large library.

This little cabin I was in was just a little cabin that didn't conform to the architectural style of Lindhall, which had the headquarters of the Red Tower.

He guided me to a large garden on the outskirts of the estate, not the tower. It was this little cottage in the center.

"You must have been here for a long time."

"There's no place like this old man to keep his mind at peace. How is it?"

At his words, I picked up one of the books all over the room.

The book was so unpolished that dust accumulated on the outside of the book, giving off a stale smell.

[Mana distribution theory according to orbital dynamics]

It seems quite difficult for strangers to see it.

As I turned the stiff yellow cover over, there were a lot of explanations about the plausible theory was written.

Well, yeah.

Hmm? Was there such a theory?

It's a crazy theory.

I laughed at the short dismissal.

It is a theory that answers just by looking at the title. It is also one of the most important theories in the current sorcerer society.

Honestly, it's just a theory full of contradictions in my point of view. For wizards, this was just one of the best theories.

"This book is dusty."

"Why do you think so?"

"It's a useless theory, so you wouldn't have seen it."

"Huh, the book written on that theory is written by a sorcerer whose name is both the book and the author."

"You've left it and decided it wasn't you, and you've been left unattended?"

Some of the books don't have a speck of dust, as if they were touched with sincerity. Some of them, including this book I hold, were dusty as if they hadn't touched it at all.

He smiled at my words.

"Hahaha, quick-witted Genji."

Laughing and reaching for the fireplace on one side of the room, he recited lightly.

"Go get it."

[Fire]

At the same time, a red flame began to glaze at his fingertips and slowly melt the surrounding air by burning the fireplace.

Then he shook his head while looking at the book I handed him.

"No matter how absurd a theory is, you can't burn books recklessly."

After much consideration, he did not burn the book, so he put it in the proper bookshelf and moved his hand again.

Then there was a murmur of something in his mouth, and two chairs buried in the pile of books naturally rose into the air and were neatly set.

Then, as another order continued, dust all rose into the air and clumped into the fireplace.

"The wizards will be shocked to find out that you're living in a small room like this."

"Laugh. It's not really like that again. Young people think there's a secret to my magical powers here. That's why they're ready to spend all their money if they can be invited here."

Why do humans like to lose their efficiency?

Spouting his calm philosophy, he skillfully opened the cupboard and prepared a car.

Then he held out a teacup to me and asked me quietly.

"Do you know why this old man invited the prince here?"

I remained silent to his question.

"Well, it's not easy for me to judge."

"You punk. The prince likes to make fun of this old man, who's all grown up in his old age."

"You've noticed that I'm not just here to get a game board."

A wise man would have a different view of the world.

There will be a lot of information flowing into him accordingly.

He knows well that I am not a human colony who will come all the way here just to get a game board.

However, the timing is too sudden to ask for more connections.

So Helison Valestia realized that I had other business with him.

"The only thing that grows with age is the sense. No one here will ever hear what the prince is trying to say."

It doesn't matter if it's inside the tower.

"I'd like to make a request."

He paused at my words.

"Uh-ra... ...is this prince carrying something so vast that this old man can't measure?"

Unlike Ullis, it's the second time he's met me.

The second meeting seemed sure of him.

Other things hidden inside the giant mask of the saint.

"You've been creating a lot of magic media for a long time. You need at least two seals at least 50 years old."

That's the only way to make a replica of things that interfere with the laws of the world.

"I see."

He nodded quietly at my suggestion.

"50 years... all this old man has is time. You've challenged many things in the past. So, we've also made about that size of a seal. Honestly, I'm stuck in a warehouse because I can't find a way to use it."

I was silent at his words.

"Two. Give it to me. But there's a condition, what do you say? Would you listen to me?"

I nodded at his words.

* * *

There are many things that you have to take the time to make.

I wish I could use the time acceleration magic. Sadly, it was one of the things I should not do in a position to serve God.

He who has great power will be held responsible for it as well.

There are areas that I don't do in magic because I have a huge divine power.

"Oh, brother! Here you are!"

As I got close to Winley, who found me and waved at me, he fumbled and pointed to me.

"I've arranged for you to take your seat."

For now, it is a sacred school president.

Therefore, it was also a characteristic of the pagoda that it did not designate a special seat for the reason that someone was a noble and royal.

The common goal of the pagodas was recognition based on their skills.

They were also a little uncomfortable with the idea that no matter how proud the imperial family came, they were like ordinary people at the sacred school hall.

Of course, the standard of inconvenience is the inconvenience applied to those who have been imbued with the idea of the people of course.

In this regard, the fact that Winri, a born royal, was not dissatisfied with this system seemed to show how well he grew up.

"It must have been quite complicated and complicated."

"You know, I'm really looking forward to the upcoming theoretical presentation."

In the case of Lünne, she seemed to draw attention unnecessarily because of her wings and disks, so she didn't bring her out.

I'm sure you're having a lot of fun with Hongdan and Chengdan by now.

"But is your brother interested in the society itself?"

I shook my head at his question.

"What's the point of having a talent show?"

Just because the wise man Helison Valestia is called the Great Wizard of 7 Circles does not mean that all the wizards here deserve respect.

At least the average level of aristocrats who attend this conference is four to five circles, but most of them will enter six circles at a high rate.

Six-circles are master-class, though.

It was not long before the hall became quiet for a moment, as everyone gathered. Silence magic developed like a tower. Then a man walked slowly into the middle of the stilled hall.

It was Ullis.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Ullis V, the last elder of the Central Presbyterian Church to host this year's Magic Theory Society."

His calm remarks began a conversation around him.

The Silence Magic, which was first unfolded to make it quiet, disappeared, so the surrounding area was filled with buzzing sound again.

"I'll get started right away. First of all, I will hand over the authority to Bram VI, the elder of the Blue Tower Colonide."

When Ulysses handed over a cylindrical rod in his hand to an old man with a strict impression of coming up to the platform, he quietly accepted it and looked down.

Ullis was certainly powerful enough to take such an example to the young Ullis.

"Nice to meet you. As usual, questions are always welcome... ...but if you want to criticize them, I ask you to provide a reasonable basis."

The unreasonable accusation of lack of evidence is just energy consumption.

Mumbling in a dry way, he slowly tapped on the pile of papers he was holding in his hand.

Then he said,

"This is the research I've been focusing on at Hex, a magical research institute affiliated with the Blue Tower."

With the words, several letters began to pop up behind Bram's back.

[The existence of the 8-circle ring and the resulting limit dynamics of life.]

The theory seemed quite complicated, but as a result, it was nothing much.

From above 8 circles, it is an area of theory that cannot exist in a human being. In other words, 8 circles meant that there was a limitation of species that humans could not reach.

"You're more than eight-circles of magic, aren't you?""

"That's right."

"Then that's... ..."

"It's a false theory from the beginning."

It is a calculating question that comes to mind when you enter the study of magic and reach that level. Everything in the world often shows variables beyond simple predictions and calculations.

Here's a living witness, and the mana rings above 8 circles can't be handled by human computation and mana.

There is no such absurdity.

WINRI giggled at my words.