295 # 295

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 12th and 18th installments

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Run! Run faster!"

"What the hell is that crazy man!"

The faces of the students who were running with desperate screams were truly miserable.

The monster, which I've never seen before in my life, is coming after me, and I wonder which student will be scared.

The problem was that unlike the swordsmen who have been training themselves for a long time, these are sandals who have only opened their books and rolled their heads.

Of course, physical strength is a rat poison.

Nevertheless, they ran because of fear that they would really die if caught.

It is said that humans exert superhuman powers when they feel a crisis. Their physical condition was better than usual, so they could scream and run nonstop.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Screaming, a small girl fell, and a boy who was running ahead rushed to help the girl and ran.

"Run! I'll help you!"

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

The children, who were crying but didn't stop running, finally started trying to rebel.

Of course, it is said that in order for a magician to express his magic, he must concentrate his mind while standing there without moving.

There are only a small number of levels that can be moved like Yoshia right now, even if we search the continent.

Nevertheless, Josiah did it. As if proving that talent has not gone anywhere.

Go, the candle will come down here!

Fire Blest, a four-circle flame wizard, flies into the air.

"Oh, that's not a good idea."

Of course, I wasn't the one to let them resist.

[Dispell]

Kwachang!!

As Yoshia's fire magic evaporated in the air for a moment, the faces of the children who were running were frowned even more.

"You're wrong... ...and five-circle magic doesn't work!"

The students, who murmured hopelessly, ran away from the frantic registration again.

It was obvious that they would slowly reach their limits as they had already given up the amount of abnormalities they could run on.

Knock knock!

And

Eventually, some fell down with bubbles, unable to overcome fear, pain, and hardship.

Of course, the class is not over yet, so I twisted the group hallucination magic that hung on the children and showed the illusion that the children who were left behind would become ashes in the flames of Balok.

The children, struggling with the heat and seeing the hallucination that their whole body burned down, burst into tears.

It was a moment when children who stopped running and bawled were also eaten by hallucinations.

And

After all, most students were left behind except for a few who survived to the end.

I finished writing down the number on the board I was holding and clapped my hands.

Argh!

Whoo!

At the same time, the ugly Balok, which was chasing them, evaporated for a moment, and the clique that was preventing them from running away, too.

Is it because of the fact that he lived?

The remaining students, who stared blankly at the spot where Balok disappeared, collapsed as if they had relaxed their strength.

"That's why you're so physically fit. If you train your brain as a wizard, you won't grow for life."

It was not long before Timmy, who was blank in my words, opened his eyes and attacked me.

"You bastard! "

My eyes slightly frowned at his behavior, which he ran to me, grabbed me by the collar and shook me even though his legs would be loose and had no strength to get up.

"Kill the kids... kill them all?! You're still a person?! There was still a 14-year-old! Do you know!"

"I know."

"That kind of man kills his children so cruelly?! What did they do to you?"

In the end, he couldn't overcome his anger, so he threw a punch.

But I lightly blocked his fist and nodded.

"Who's going to die?"

At Timmy's outraged cry, I glanced over the children who survived to the last minute.

Everyone was crying and not moving, but there seemed to be a lot of hostility and fear toward me.

At this point, no one was interested in how this happened.

It only sends hostility to me who killed their classmates.

"Timmy."

It was not long before I spoke quietly and grabbed his wrist.

Phew!!!

And before he could react, Timmy's whole body flew in the air and circled around and fell down.

"Gasp!"

"Your eyes are decorations? A sorcerer is a family of people who have to be suspicious in any situation. Keep that in mind."

Timmy's eyes wiggled as he saw where I pointed.

"T...Timmy..."

The student crying and calling Timmy was the first girl to be sacrificed.

"Mori?"

"I... I'm fine."

"You... how... how did you... ..that was definitely burned away..."

Timmy, who was speaking, soon opened his eyes when he saw the playground.

The ground, which was half-wave as Balok raced like crazy, was like a hallucination.

"What the... ..."

"It's a hallucination. What do you think, it's incredibly real?"

Timmy collapsed with a dejected look on his face at my words.

The urgent and urgent situation was all a scam and I was losing my energy.

"The class is over. Everyone, go back."

It was not long before I turned around without hesitation to check the figures on the board.

Poof!!!

But the students seemed to have no intention of leaving me alone.

In an instant, I slightly twisted my head against a fireball flying toward me and a hot fireball passed by my head.

"Josia Francois. Didn't you?"

"I'd like to say that. Are you crazy? This is a class?"

She strode up to me with a rare angry look.

She lifted her heels out of reach because of her small height and held them by the collar, making a fierce look.

"I've met all the star teachers, but you're the worst of them."

"That's an honor."

"......."

Staring at me with a cold look, she seemed more angry at my behavior for not even responding properly.

"The class is over after bullying students like they're going to kill them with bullying that has nothing to do with magic?" What did you teach?!"

At her fitful cry, I let her hand loose without a word and turned around.

"The proper class hasn't even started. It's my first day, so I just warmed it up. Everyone go straight back to the dormitory. I'll probably scream all over tomorrow because I'm running too hard."

The students frowned at my words.

"I will definitely report this to the top of the school."

"Go ahead."

Can we compare which one is stronger?

* * *

My eccentricity as a new short-term instructor was buried more quietly than I thought. There was no small man in this school who was large enough to impose sanctions on me as he entered in the name of a great wise man in the first place.

However, students who fiercely protested against this ridiculous class could not easily extinguish their anger, and they were only subjected to abuse that had nothing to do with the magic class.

Of course, the school itself issued a warning because it couldn't help but respond.

In a word, the whole situation was dismissed.

I'll make them into magicians. If I fail, I will donate 200,000 gold to this school.

200,000 gold.

It is not a small amount.

No, it was a huge donation, so even a wealthy Shakuntala could not be ignored.

Did you think you could buy me money now! The schoolmaster soon changed his mind to what I said.

It's too big to say "......" If you go that far, you're confident. However, it is difficult to overdo students."

As a result, I succeeded in gaining independent teaching authority, and immediately led them out of Shakuntala and headed for a nearby mountain.

Kkang! Kkang!

Every time a heavy pickaxe hit the stone wall, the stone powder splashed out without mercyfully.

"Ete-tet-tet-toot! I got dirt in my mouth!"

"Oh, shit! No matter how many students we're from the aristocracy! Why do we have to do this?!"

Alisa Jospog, who used to be his best friend, seemed to agree with Timmy's complaints that she screamed but never stopped picking her.

"What can I do? I'll do it if my teacher tells me to."

"Oh, shit! I thought you were the most evil teacher, but he's worse! I can't beat you, Mr. Erai!"

KANG!!

Eventually, Timmy, who threw the pickaxe, collapsed.

"Hey! Cut it out! The teacher... no, how long will you listen to a pure impostor?"

"But I told you if you don't do this quickly, you'll get bitter."

When Morrie Saelen muttered in a passive tone, she quietly hit the wall with a pickaxe. replied Josiah Francis.

"Timmy's right. It's not a class or anything. I can't let you guys do this nonsense."

Having finished speaking, Josiah threw the pickaxe.

Then he started walking towards the exit.

"Yosia! What are you going to do?"

"I'm going to have an argument with him. I'm going to end it."

"Ha......but Josiah, if you do that, your position... ..."

"I don't regret it. Even if I were to be expelled from school, I would have been prepared."

In short, she went out of the cave as if she were making a life-or-death decision.

And

After a very short time.

Yoshiya, whose whole body was tied tightly with a rope, came in around the boy's shoulder.

"Geez!" Let go of me!"

"Why don't you goof off when your teacher is staring at you with her eyes open?"

"Oh, my God!"

The boy walked in slowly and threw the shoulder-mounted Yoshia on the floor and snorted.

"I told you to work hard on these things, and you're kidding me."

"Teacher! What kind of class is this?"

"That's right! What's this supposed to do to improve your magic skills?"

The black-haired boy scooped his ears at the students' cries.

"So, you can't?"

"I can't! No! I won't!"

After all, the angry students acted like they were going to attack in groups, so the boy's smile was once again grim.

"Then I'll make it impossible for you to do it."

boys of the same age No, the students snorted at Deby's words.

"Ha! Are you trying to fool us with hallucinations again? You think we're stupid?!"

"That's right. Once you get fooled twice? It's not funny when someone who's not even a wizard pretends to be a wizard and cheats."

Their words left the boy with one hand open.

"You guys haven't figured it out yet?"

Light light begins to gather over Mr. Debbie's hands, who spoke calmly.

As a result, the students were curious.

How can a man without a circle?

But soon the students could notice.

This man is cheating again!

But Debbie, the students' teacher, said casually.

"Elly Taisha, what magic do you think this sphere is?"

The girl, who had a tired expression holding a shovel tightly, frowned at the boy's question.

"It's obviously a trick. No matter how hard I look, I can hardly feel Manna."

"You're wrong. This magic is..."

The boy, who spoke calmly, turned his palm lightly.

At the same time, a blue sphere fell on the floor and soaked into the ground.

It is a magic called "terrorist shock.""

The students' faces were grimaced at the words.

Before I could doubt what other eye trick that was, I could see one thing reflexively.

When that psycho-like devil smiled like that.

That something must happen.

Boom!!!

As soon as the boy was finished, the entire underground cave began to shake.

"You said yesterday's run was just a warm-up, right? It's not just watching like yesterday. You'll have to get through this on your own this time. Don't worry, I assure you it's a very low level of difficulty compared to my education."

The short-spoken boy's figure slowly began to cloud.

We have two days` worth of food and emergency medicine in here."

The words made the students nervous.

"If you don't want to die dry, just brainstorm. I've already got something here to save you."

If you don't want to believe it, you can stay where you are.

The boy, almost gone, looked at all the students and said,

You are not ready to learn proper magic yet. Think about what your strengths are and what you have learned."

The boy's declaration completely blushed the students' faces.

Lolurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

And, as if to prove that Deby's words were not lies, the whole cave began to shake and collapse.

A teacher who wants to teach magic will lock students in a dark, deep cave and bury the entire cave.

This was just beyond imagination.