303 # 303

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 13th and the 1st installment.

Whaaaah!

Over the huge half-wrecked spire, dozens of meters of earth slowly lifted its fist.

Boom!!!

Then, in a very short moment, a blow that shook the entire earth came down and completely destroyed the rest of the spire.

"Stop him even if he dies!"

Vampires, who had attacked the previous kingdom of archery, had no prediction of an invasion of the country's existence.

But the vampires here were different from before.

Basically, most of the vampire's pure power itself was more than the force alien to the power they had, and even if there were mixed people, it was only a small fraction.

It really meant pure blood vampire.

Of course, the vampires are still stubborn.

The vampires, children, women and men alike, faced Noah like a hero in a reversal, ready for a decisive battle.

However, the fact that most of the reinforcement forces are not here, and that the King of Spirits is not the only one who exists, made them despair.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Vampires, who had been keeping Noah in check, fell down with blood as the grisly sharp whip of water came upon them.

[Elime] Reduce the use of force. The current contractor is stronger, but if you try so recklessly, you can't handle it.

I'm still wondering how a human being, except for Yuriana, can wield that much power by playing two spirits kings.]

Contractor's magic is just an imitation. It's just the same effect with the least amount of mana.]

Even if you call a meteor, you don't summon it and bring it in. It is simply inducing by adding natural force.

Even with the same magic, the difference in efficiency can only be dramatically revealed.

Elaim, who appeared by forming a figure on Noah's shoulder, shook his head.

Even though all the power of the spirits cannot be used, fuel efficiency is not good.

In order to improve fuel efficiency, fairy tales need to be made, but the fairy tales between the king of spirits and the contractor are easy.

You're crazy.]

Noah, who shook the red sword and shook off the lower vampires as if he were annoyed, murmured.

[Oh, my...]

At the same time, Elijah, who turned his eyes to the sky after Noah, also looked dejected.

In the sky.

Dozens and hundreds of violet magpies were being drawn and repeatedly fused and separated by themselves.

As Noas, who knows how ridiculous the power contained in it is, began to wonder how the contractor could be intact while using such power recklessly.

[If it were a normal case, he'd be using most of his energy to handle the spirits]

It's the magic of manipulating the laws of nature. It's comparable to the power of Efreth.

As Noah said.

A huge magic pearl in the sky followed and formed a complete form.

The vampires, who watched it anxiously, could not keep their mouths shut due to the disaster falling from heaven.

"What the..."

"What, what's going on?"

I can't help but be scared of my pride or anything.

I began to feel dozens of huge presence in the sky.

Vampires, which deal with forces called [blood] by nature, are quite sensitive to manna flow, unlike ordinary humans.

And, feeling only the seriousness of the situation and not knowing the substance, they soon opened their eyes to the change in the shape of the Magic Circle.

"No way..."

"Eh... That's ridiculous."

Some people even sat down with a blank expression.

He wouldn't either. He realized that the Magic Circle released a large amount of power and was doing something exactly.

Dozens of fireballs from the sky.

The size was significantly smaller than the Meteo Strike, the highest peak in the magical world.

If the known Meteo strike was a rock, it felt like a pebble.

The actual size is bigger, but the difference in size is about that much.

Nevertheless, the sight of dozens of them pouring out, rather than one or two, was simply hell itself.

"Ro... ...protect the road!!"

"Road is in danger!"

Reflecting on the fact that they knew who the meteorites were, they began to leave their homes frantically, ignoring the existence of the Spirit King, who smashed their homes relentlessly.

Boom!!!

Elaim, go back to the spirit world.

What do you mean?]

If such a number of meteorites fall, the terrain will be distorted. It's not just one or two, but dozens of them make a difference. If I don't keep the ground on my own, the map will change.

This is why you called me, vicious contractor.

It was as Noah said, muttering quietly.

And the same was true of Elaim.

You're an ignorant contractor.

As soon as the Elaims were scattered with drops of water and Noah poked his hands into the ground.

The meteorite mass, which had fallen from the forefront, began to wipe out the whole area with a tremendous shock wave.

* * *

"Ha......not particularly a hero psychologist, but I'm so mortified by the fact that God is God's fault. How have we been looking for the last key... ...human, are you protecting it?"

"Resurrection of the Devil? I'm telling you, it won't happen..."

"That's all right. The only way to revive the demon is to quietly protect the safety of the species, the radicals and the maids who have already left my hands!"

Gosh, were you in a different denomination?

I hear you're different from the usual vampires.

In conclusion, these are also the most brutal men who kidnapped Josiah.

"You know that's not why you did a good job, right?"

"For us, noblemen are more precious than humans. Although I don't participate in bullying the weak, there's no reason for you to judge!"

Kowloon!! KANG!!

The boy, Vampire Lord, doesn't know exactly what magic I've just shown in the movie.

He seemed instinctively aware of it.

The overwhelming Manna moves from the sky and something huge begins to fall, which is something that can be inferred.

The current king of vampires. Vampire Lords has been attacking me for judging that conversation is no longer useful.

Was it because he wanted to say that he was not the head of a tribe.

The unknown vampire road boy.

He showed as great a fighting ability as I expected.

Crying!!!

Hong Dan-yi's red sword was barely blocked by a rod-like red blood sword.

A sword made by the power of a variant, not by the laws of physics.

No matter how much Hong Dan cuts down the physical system, Yeri-do cannot be false as it is comparable to the new sword.

If such Hong Dan could not cut it off, it meant that the power of this rod was definitely the load level I knew.

only

"You're half the size."

Crying!!!

When he suddenly wielded his blue tooth to cut off his blood sword, he made a bone-cutting choice this time to prevent the attack in exchange for half of my fingernails being cut off.

"What the hell do you know?"

"I took it because I thought it was too weak for a vampire road, but I guess it was right."

At what I said, he withdrew with a stiff face and threw up blood.

Vampire Lords clearly have a strong presence.

Although he can't move recklessly due to restrictions, he is the source of a tribe of vampires.

That kind of load.

It didn't make sense to be so struggling to prevent it with only a few confrontations and a few defects of methamphetamine.

"The vampire road I remember was a little bit more ignorant."

Like he said.

Vampire Road was constructed and implemented based on the memory of the sword Hares.

I had spent quite a bit of my time killing him.

It is not just a matter of strength or vigor, but by vampire road, its unique power is unique.

Because of that.

At least among the different types of enemies I have fought, the existence of Vampire Lord was definitely one of the top monsters.

Your... ...and your teachers?

'Why put those people together? They're dozens of times stronger than they were in their lives.'

What is not comparable should be taken out boldly.

Boom! Boom!

At the same time, Rod's expression hardened as the devastating earthquake began to hit the entire interior.

"What a ridiculous thing to do with meteoric magic..."

"In the next 20 minutes, all the shouts will fly. Let's finish it all in there."

Whether you're white or black mosquitoes, that's none of my business.

I'm tired of exterminating mosquitoes.

He gave me a bitter look at my words.

"Lord, we will sacrifice our lives to stop him! You have to avoid it!"

Soon after, all the vampires who joined belatedly stood up to me, blocking the boy called Lord.

He was so loyal that he could vent his heart out loud.

Such a warm military relationship also touches a person's heart.

So

"I'll let you go at least neatly."

Whatever it is, your sons are the ones who cut off the arm of someone else's student and kidnapped them.

I was caught and tracked down.

"Human, I want you to think again. The nobles here are different from the radicals who used to drive you and humans."

Is it because of the fact that their descendants are on the verge of dying?

Vampire Lord analyzed the situation in a surprisingly cool manner and went back to negotiations.

"Then you shouldn't have touched my student. Wasn't Josiah human? Wasn't that Colin or Coke that you seduced?"

Honestly, it's none of my business whether Colin dies or not, but he's the mastermind of the kidnapping that doesn't show up hidden.

It is this boy who is the fundamental culprit that caused Colin to do this.

And the original evil of this antagonism was also provided by vampires.

"It was to save the race. Of course, the safety of the race is more important to me than just one human being!"

"Well said. One of my students is more important to me than all of you."

"......"

Did he realize that it was meaningless to point out what I said logically?

The boy looked at me with a determined look with his mouth closed.

No matter what I look at it. This is not a proper load.

Boom! Boom!

In the meantime, huge meteorites pouring from the sky destroyed the entire castle and eventually smashed the common ceiling where I was, creating a huge shock wave.

Oops! You're just going to ruin the whole place...

Of course, there was a blow from Persek, but the voice of Vampire Lord reached the ear first.

"I'm... ...I'm an incomplete rod. Human. I promise. Let us go. If you do so, all vampires under my command will cease to act against humanity. We just need a real rod to lead the aristocrats of the night completely!"

"Do you sacrifice Josiah?"

"......"

"Don't play tricks on me. Vampire Road."

"There's one human being! It's not that I don't know how ridiculous that logic is, but we only need that human girl!"

I hesitated at his answer. But soon there was a laugh at the absurd feelings.

"So it's parallel for life. And I'm going to have to learn negotiations again, but what you're doing is not negotiations, it's just a bunch of raw materials."

Without hiding his troubled expression, he shook his fist.

Vampire Lords are really dangerous creatures.

the highest peak of a race In a sense, the king of the horse race was the devil, and the king of the vampire was Rod.

However, since there are many restrictions as they have strong power, I didn't think they would meet so easily and block my way.

No, to be exact...

You thought Vampire Lord was out of town, right? Otherwise, vampires can't be exposed to such a poor environment.

Vampire Road is a huge focal point. Of course, Rod's power was meant to purify and strengthen vampires just by being present.

But the vampires I saw didn't feel that at all.

Moreover, the boy in front of his eyes is subtly weak for a vampire rod.

If so, is it a lie?

It wasn't, so it was my feeling to judge that he was half the size.

"Just a little more time would have allowed us to see with our eyes the long-cherished desire of peace and safety of our race."

His expression of a short sigh was sad.

"Okay, if there's no room for negotiation... ..I think resistance is the answer."

His white spots slowly began to turn red.

At the same time, when I recalled one of the Vampire Lord's powers, I hastily stopped him.

He set off a ferocious air current and began to burn all his flames.

Didn't you see something similar?

The hero, Raina, was burning his life to catch the first Rich Knicks.

Even if it was incomplete, the existence of a rod-like being prevented me at the risk of my existence.

At the same time, all his strength gathered in his hands and began to form a huge blood cell.

That's a little dangerous.

When Percerk instinctively sensed danger, I pushed the twin swords into the subspace without a word and clasped my hands together.

"You're going to do something that you don't even know about."

My sword will be your will, O LORD, for I have pleaded with the LORD my friendliness.

With a huge, gradual completion of blood spears, I rallied most of the sacred forces that remained in my body.

I will execute my judgment under your name.

What brings you to a normal prayer?

I continued to pray with a firm expression on my face in defiance of Persek's objections.

Let me walk along the hard thorny path. My asceticism is the martyr's step towards you.]

Whoo... Whoo!!!!!!

Vampire Lord's death, whether he wins or loses a fight, is decided unconditionally.

But not the other vampires. They were ordered by vampire rods and scattered out of the pouring fire hell.

I wouldn't let them run away if it were.

I just let them escape.

Leads the sheep of the two bifangs and herdsmen.]

Argh!!

Soon after, a huge blood spear was completed and aimed at me with a huge figure of several meters.

Then, he dug into me as if he wouldn't give me a chance.

At the same time, my last prayer was completed.

[I won't eat you if you give me strength]]

[Phantom magic beyond the top 10]

[Kang Shin-gye]

[Hitting God's ear of God's ears.

My hands move towards the huge blood cells that seem to pierce everything.

"If I had lived quietly, I would have lived longer."

"Strong god... ..doesn't make any sense..."

What would they say?

Something that can't be undone.

A huge white hand flying white feathers devoured the boy as if he were hitting his cheek with a blood spear.

Slap!!!

God's ear-splitting destroyed the blood of an incomplete monarch and devoured and burned everything in its path, as if at the price of its name.

I wanted to try this.

......

I'm not telling you to!