302 # 302

만렙 영웅님께서 귀환하신다!

12권 25화

"으악!! 으아아아아!! 으아아악!!!!"

미친 듯이 뛰어다니며 고통스러워 하는 그를 그냥 두면 이 건물을 빠져나가 다른 곳까지 뛰어갈 기세였다.

거의 반쯤 정신을 놓고 비명을 질러대는 그의 모습에 나는 근처에 있던 촛대를 뽑아 그대로 그를 향해 집어 던졌다.

투콱!!!

동시에 양초를 빼고 나온 촛대의 날카로운 끝이 그의 어깻죽지를 다시 꿰뚫으며 그대로 벽에 처박아 버렸다.

"사......살려줘! 뜨거워! It's hot!!!

Ignoring him struggling with evil, I threw myself over the crack.

I had some time left because it hadn't been long since I left here.

"Your power is more narrow-minded than I thought."

I grumbled to Persec, watching the space flip over in an instant.

Her power is still unstable. In order for me to see, my opponent has to see me. Don't you know?

I took a step instead of an answer to her excuse, which was not an excuse.

Argh!!!

At the same time, the area changed for a moment, revealing a dark indoor corridor.

The probability of being a trap and the probability of being a wrong coordinate was significant, but fortunately, he seemed to have arrived at a place where there was no problem.

Of course.

"Human has come."

"That's what Shary."

"We have to stop it. The ritual for sacrifice is over..."

Pooch!!!

Dozens of vampires are surrounding me and trying to buy time.

But even before their words are finished, what remains are the blue afterimage.

There were only bloodstains of vampires.

Whoooooo!

Wipe the blood off the bronze dagger cleanly. All the remaining blood droplets evaporated with the power of Qingdao, but they almost made me feel bad for nothing.

When the vampire's unique blood direction was terribly young, I covered my nose with one hand without a word, and after a light look at the front and the left and right, I stretched out the remaining one.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

At the same time, Hong Dan flew in like a red sword and settled in his hand.

[Magical sword]

[Return]

Smack!

In a single movement, the flying swords were dozens and hundreds of swords.

Having cut the ceiling at once, I threw myself without hesitation.

"Don't let him go!"

"Don't let him die!"

When the vampires shouted once more, I swung the jeongdan without hesitation.

An enemy of the devil. For vampires, the power of the Qingdao has either the excellent resilience they have or the power of the anti-immortality.

The vampires, who did not expect to die at once, were cut off without proper resistance.

Boom!!!

I cut down the heavy door once again, and once again, I am scattered like black smoke.

Then he appeared again, creating a red afterimage.

The walls of this huge ancient castle are smashed with red daggers and all vampires with blue daggers.

It was not a good choice for them to overspend their strength when they didn't know what their opponents were hiding.

I was the one who poured out 9th-highest-ranking sex magic when I smashed Rascan Francois.

There will be no end if we go this way.

"Then stretch your hand."

Speaking calmly, I reached out one hand in the air and moved my finger quickly.

At the same time, the light of light green was held at the fingertips, creating a huge character.

"Come out, Noah, Elaim."

With my words, the earth shook, and a giant earth giant began to break down the building and emerge, and water droplets in the air clumped together to form a woman of water.

[Contractor.]

[What's going on?] Why are you so angry...]

The two spirits kings who were talking looked at my expression and were silent.

"No more, no less, just one thing."

Destroy everything you can.

In my words, the two spirits were scattered as if there was nothing more to see.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

At the same time, a huge explosion and a scream believed to belong to vampires began to resonate everywhere.

Vampires' hideouts exist in many places.

And this is the vampire's hideout I haven't found yet.

I didn't expect to come, but the vampires, who were encamped in case of an emergency, couldn't stand the ignorant attack and collapsed.

And when it reached the end of an endless roar.

I realized that the link chain connected to the soul of Josiah was shaking fast.

There is only one such case. When you're really scared.

"I can't help it."

Realizing that I lacked time, I drew a number of commanders without hesitation.

Then, he released the command mana toward the underground, which was tightly closed.

[9 Circle Command Wizard]

[Naming]

Squeeze!!

In an instant, when the rotting, rotting, and crumbling floor was broken, endless stairs began to be seen.

Walking inside using Wolyeongbo without hesitation, I was able to encounter some of the top vampires blocking the huge gates.

"Totally... ..there's no monster."

"How on earth could a monster like that among humans..."

Vampires mumbling at me were simply as powerful as the ones we met before.

But unlike Pace, he was extremely wary of me.

They also know that unless they are idiots, they lose many of their homes as soon as they are caught.

Namely

This means that they recognized the existence of the country as a predator full of risk factors, regardless of the limitations of the species.

"Stop it unconditionally. His blue sword is dangerous. Be careful not to cut yourself."

"Take your time even if you die. Don't let him go in until the ceremony is over."

What does that mean?

I've come to my senses with the power of the jewel and recovered a considerable amount of manna and recovered to the 9thankle.

It was certainly not the same level as the previous pace or the lower levels of vampires.

To be exact, simple forces were similar to pace, but the vampires here did not have the power of invincibility twisted with abyss like the pace or its sub-vampires.

Vampires can't make everyone consistent. Vampires are probably divided into different factions and fighting for power.

And, at least, this place was a little different from vampires, which were strangely mutated like Faith, using the power of abyss.

"I authorize the use of the power of the soul. Make sure you're all right."

At that time, a vampire stretched out his hand as if he had been contacted.

At the same time, the Saakamanian air current began to create a huge window and a huge amount of energy began to flow through his entire body.

It was the blood of a vampire.

"The power of the soul. You're a pretty good aristocrat."

Among vampires, the power of the soul expressed by only the top few is literally an object that embodies the power of the soul.

That cachaman spear is perhaps a weapon that amplifies his power and is his soul itself.

Soon after, after the man who pulled out the spear first, other vampires began to pull out their weapons, and the air around them began to pressure me as if it were being crushed.

"You're such a sucker."

My short evaluation flashed red eyes.

Boom!!!

At the same time, the sleeping mana started to move in unison and took control of the area.

I began to weigh them down.

"Oh, my God!"

"What power?""

If my knees didn't stretch out, I fell down and spread one hand toward the shocked and began to create a ball of flame on my palm.

White Nova is highly explosive and almost burned out, making it difficult to use.

Then, you can only put a Hellfire called 9 Circle Flame Magic Flower.

Flaming!!

The Hellfire, which began to burn without a single spear, began to mix with the commander Manna and turn into a new Carman flame that even absorbs light.

And when the fireball was completed.

Vampires, men and women who instinctively sensed danger, attacked me.

I took a step forward after casting Hellfire completely without hesitation.

Then he stuck it down to the vampires.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Along with a huge explosion, the area was shaken and even the doors of the huge stone walls they were guarding were smashed at the same time.

When I saw the men who had disappeared in ashes without even screaming, I walked away without removing the still burning Hellfire from my hands.

Then, I could see.

A pale-faced girl who loses her arm and is hanging on a huge cross.

It was none other than Yoshia Francois, who I was looking for.

And next to her was a boy who had a different feeling than the vampire he had ever met, watching her without a word.

It was a calm impression, but the boy's beauty was very beautiful.

"You're meeting all sorts of things."

In an instant, vampires appear in front of the boy, blocking me from approaching him.

One of them was a vampire that I know well.

Vampire Shari.

She was Queen Liness's maid of honor, and she was also a vampire who attacked the Duchy of Felicity.

"Lord... ..Please step back!"

The boy looked at me calmly at the urgent cry, which was completely different from when we first met.

"I heard you took my kid."

With the words, I jumped at Shari without hesitation.

For a moment, my scattered body was revealed again in the smoke of Sakaman, and Chari looked up at me, unable to even respond to the sudden raid.

Originally, she would also have been directly hit by the Hellfire and all her body would have been burned down.

Whoo!

but

The boy, who was calmly silent, seemed to be moving, but he stretched out one hand to block my arm.

"Road means Rod."

Vampire Lord is the absolute head of a race.

It is true and true that the power cannot be weak.

For vampires, position is power, and it is all indicator.

The boy, who crushed the Hellfire with the power to burn forever, looked up at me with a calm face and said,

"I will surrender, human. Request negotiation."

a boy who declares surrender so calmly and so absurdly Dozens of swords were put together in a moment at the same time as the alleged vampire Lord's remarks.

"......"

In a moment's clash of swords, I shook Hong Dan, who was holding it in my hand without a word.

Deep down!

At the same time, a large line formed on the cheek of Vampire Lord, who had avoided the attack with more agile and clean movements than any other enemy he has ever met.

"I refuse. You shouldn't have brought Josiah."

When I swung again, who spoke calmly, he reached out his hand reflexively and snatched Hong Dan's blade and began to withstand my strength.

The only weakness of the Hongdan family is that there is a limit that it cannot be cut unless it is cut.

It is cut as soon as it touches the blade, but it was meaningless if the skill of the swordsman was not stable.

The boy, who instinctively realized the danger of Hongdan's Qingdao, was extremely wary of reaching the black day, blocking my attack and opening his mouth again.

"Have you come all the way to this place full of traps for a human being? I don't understand. Is your guy fearless? Aren't you afraid of death? Or is it stupid? How can they push the enemy without any countermeasures?"

The boy who spoke calmly and pushed me out once was definitely a small figure, but the power in it was more powerful than the sword god Hares had said.

If it were a real vampire road, I should honestly be nervous and deal with it, but this little road in front of me was definitely weaker than the vampire road I've experienced.

There must have been some internal strife among vampires.

As soon as he opened the street with me, the boy flicked his finger and a huge number of vampires began to appear from all over the place.

Two crazy spirits kings would be sweeping away a lot of vampires, but this is a lot.

I don't feel like I'm completely lucky.

"Go back at least now. I have no intention of antagonizing you at present. But if you want to save that human girl..."

Most vampires were determined to attack me in the face of death when the boy, who was vague about the end of his words, nodded his head.

"All the vampires here will stop you."

Normally, it's a ridiculous situation. There was only one person on this side who was surrounded by a huge number of vampires.

To be honest, it is a miscalculation method to find one YOSHIA.

but

"Don't block it or not stop it. There's one good thing I learned from my magic teacher."

I answered the calm boy's offer with a cold smile.

[9 Circle vs. Wide Area Magic]

[Big meteor shower]

I don't know where this ancient castle is, how many vampires are surrounding me right now.

One thing was for sure.

A few giant meteor showers from the sky.

That everyone is equal.