304 # 304

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 13th and the 2nd installment

It was King Noah of the Spirit who prevented the mass of meteorites from completely burning down the area.

And Vampire Lord, two beings.

However, the aftermath has been quite strong as Lord lost its power.

If it is the top magic of nine-circle, where dozens of meteorites fall, it is not easy to get it completely unless it is the spirit world.

Do it right! Contractor!]

Of course, Noah's complaints surged and reached me.

Sadly, I faced the boy who slowly burned himself to death by the flame.

The limit is clear as long as the meteor shower has been arbitrarily called. Magic will soon stop even if I don't use my hands.

The boy blocked my way while burning the torch.

"I'm going... no... no. I'm obliged to protect my race. I'm a county... ..."

His grueling appearance was devastating.

I understand that Rod is desperately taking care of the safety of the race.

This boy did it in consideration of the circumstances in which I was caught.

In other words, he risked his life to gamble.

Therefore, hasty judgment was dangerous.

Every vampire is frankly not a big threat.

To be exact, the only thing that can directly threaten me right now is the complete vampire road, which has been tainted with power.

Vampire Lord, who had encountered it himself, also knew about it.

But why did he do this?

"The lifeline is tough. Why did you do that when you knew it would happen?"

Vampire Lord smiled bitterly at my words.

"There is nothing I can tell you while it is already hostile."

"Then there's no way."

If there is no room for conversation, there is no other way.

Do you know why war is taking place?

War is the last choice made by those who have been in conflict to the extreme because they cannot make concessions to each other once against the seeds who try to attract money.

The only thing that's been colliding with me, like Vampire Lord said,

The quiet moderate vampire has only launched one attack for the tribal aspirations.

As a result, the direction of attack was the same, so there was no room for concessions.

"But does it matter? I've put a contagious curse on some of your people who just escaped."

He looked up at me blankly at my words.

"A contagious curse..."

"Well, the harm is when the trigger is pulled. I'm usually exposed to the location."

He smiled dejectedly at my words.

"You're a vicious man. But it doesn't matter."

He, who spoke calmly, carried on.

Just now, the Awakening Magic has been activated safely. Man, you're not going to kill that human girl. I don't ask for your understanding. This is the only way we have left against borrowing the power of those mysterious creatures from our species."

My eyes were frown at the words.

"Look at him?"

"Please, be merciful to my people for the last time."

He closed his eyes completely at the end of the remark.

The incomplete vampire Lord, who had done his bidding, fell asleep with a comfortable face and disappeared.

Davey? You don't think she's...

When Persec opened his eyes wide, I approached Josiah without hesitation and drew Manna on my index finger and middle finger.

Then he awakened Josiah as he was.

Boom!!

Her body, which was still asleep with a light shock wave, slowly opened its eyes.

She is.

Boom!

I put my fangs in my throat without hesitation.

Of course, human beings are words.

The fangs are not sharp enough to pierce something.

However, vampires have evolved to suck blood, so their fangs grow considerably longer when they suck blood.

De... ...David?

"I know, so keep your mouth shut."

I did not restrain her even though Josiah was sucking my blood like a newborn baby was sucking breast milk.

After finishing the meal, I patted the baby's back as if it were inducing a burp.

Rather, this may be a better thing.

Whoo... Whoo!!!!!!

It was not long before Josiah, who had been losing a lot of power and shining red eyes, slowly raised his head and took it off the neck.

Uncoagulated red blood flowed down the collarbone, but I lifted all the force in my body while hugging her.

[Class 1 vs. Magic]

[Dr. Park's seal]

[The safe]

Boom!!!!

Josiah, who instinctively sucked my blood in to relieve the blood thirst embodied in the race.

She is.

It must have been the bud of a human-masked vampire road, who was named the next vampire of the boy I just killed.

* * *

I thought carefully as I was pushing back the neck with one hand and raising the sacred power, leaving Yoshia sitting in a daze.

Does this make sense?! How could a vampire rod be born in a human body?

Persec couldn't erase the expression that it was incredible or ridiculous.

Davey, talk to me!

'He wasn't human in the first place.'

It is also important to keep in mind the possibility that it was a vampire wearing a human mask.

The important thing is.

This meant that it was out of the ordinary feeling.

As a result, their consciousness was successful. In the end, I completely awakened my power as a vampire by giving Josiah his neck.

If she had prevented my blood from sucking, the vampires would have been unable to escape their blood lust and self-destruct.

That's a good scenario.

That way, even Josiah can't stand it.

I'm not a heartless person enough to confiscate my face that my student who raised me with affection is a vampire.

The purpose of radical vampires seeking the resurrection of the Devil and moderate vampires who just wanted to live a decent life was the same, but as a result, moderates were successful cases.

So... ..you're gonna kill that kid?

'Are you crazy? If you're going to kill me, come get me.'

I knew from the beginning that YOSHIA is a little different from normal humans.

To be honest, it's a bit of a surprise that it's evidence of the vampire road's bud.

After confirming that a light green pattern appeared on the forehead of Josiah, I quietly hugged him.

Her blank face did not respond to the sound of her body being lifted body.

"If the situation is like this, we have to use it to our advantage."

I sealed my will as a vampire road, which took control of Yoshia's self in an instant.

a first-class sorcery It is also a place without the concept of magic, so perhaps this seal will be maintained forever unless she is really on the verge of death.

When the vampire instinct was sealed, the only thing left was Josiah's original will.

"First... sir?"

Josiah, whose black eyes turned red, looked up at me blankly and murmured quietly.

"I've never seen a troublemaker like you in my life."

"......"

She opened her eyes as she turned her head absentmindedly.

Then he got angry and tried to lift himself up.

However, it is impossible to get up properly because he was moving while hugging me.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

When she recovered her balance and hugged her struggling again, she muttered, raising her hands with her bare face and covering her face.

"Oh, my God... ...I'm in love with a vicious teacher. It's the humiliation of my life."

Puck!

"Kkkk?!"

What can you do if you hear that? I'm going to let it go.

Yoshia, who fell and fell on her hips, looked up at me with a tearful face.

"What are you doing?" How dare you treat her so ignorant!"

"You don't have to be hugged because it's humiliation. And I would have told you before that you insist on gender equality when dealing with students."

She clenched her teeth at my question and stopped.

Then he stared blankly down at his arm.

Apparently, one arm was cut off. However, now she had both arms intact.

I didn't exactly attach her arm in the subspace.

That was an arm that was created when it became a vampire.

"How is your arm... ...where is this place?"

There are about 10 minutes left before the magic begins. It's too late to go now."

She paused at my words.

"What?"

"It's late. F-class abstained."

She shook her head with confused eyes at my words.

"I can't... I can't..."

Seeing her in vain, I pressed his head without a wordless.

"There's something more important than that. Listen."

Not speaking for you will do you no good in the end.

They say it's better to be beaten first.

Let's talk about it as a confirmation first. Were you a foster daughter?"

At my question she looked up at me with her eyes wide open.

"What's that... ..."

"Was she the adopted daughter of the French?"

"I... don't know."

I don't know.

Then you should hit him with a fact.

"You're not human."

She paused at my words.

"What?"

"It's not human, it's aristocrats, vampires."

She screamed at my words, saying it was nonsense.

"What... what are you talking about? Sir!

"Do you think I'm lying?"

Her eyes trembled incessantly at my words.

"I'm... I'm not human..."

"Don't worry. Nothing changes. I've blocked everything I need."

"Vampires... ...Vampires..."

"Congratulations, you've become the queen of the damn mosquito. It could have been stopped, but it was left as a part of it."

"How come?"

"You'll die if you stop. And I have some things to use."

If you keep suppressing your instinct, it will explode someday. It might be best to blow out some air at some time.

You're being merciful.

'You're wrong—I don't have any mercy.'

It can calm Yosia's condition and block the bother of moderate vampires rushing in with bubbles.

The best way is to completely crush the opponent, but since the vampires I encountered are not the source of the moderates, this is rather a comfortable axis to pursue the future.

"Let's go back first. I'll go and explain it to you in detail."

"What do I do now?"

"Well, fangs, all you have to do is suck blood, and the color of your eyes is not a problem. I don't have a good relationship with the divine power in the first place. You just have to live as you are you? Nothing changes anyway."

As long as she has blocked most of her instincts, her title is only a vampire load from a human being, but nothing changes.

Oh, there's one.

ignorant regeneration that restores a severed arm at once

"What do you think? It's awesome, isn't it?"

"Not at all!"

The only thing that changes is that a new rod is created and vampires who are free from the thirst for blood become calm.

There is no doubt that radicals will be exterminated. It was my judgment that the moderates would not be stopped to kill.

Why is that?

'I saw the flow. When Josiah becomes able to control his instincts later on, it will help control vampires a little.'

Something big started to happen. In that case, at least a little bit of preparation can't be avoided.

Looking around the site of the empty old castle, which collapsed completely and became ruined, I looked worried about how to go back.

Vampire Road boy, he was willing to set up several traps in case I came here.

It must have been that important, so they probably prepared it meticulously.

As a result, it was successful to come over here, but in order to go out on the contrary, it was necessary to break this space that the vampire rod had blocked using numerous mediums of Blood Police.

"Well... sir."

She was absent-minded because she didn't understand the situation yet, but she opened her eyes wide as if she had realized something.

"What is it?"

"Well... then did you save me?"

"Yeah, thank you."

"...yes. Thank you. I was really scared."

Now, smiling familiarly, she replied playfully.

"By the way... where are we?"

"Goseong."

"No......I can see that just by looking at the wreckage."

"It's the hideout of the guys who caught you. Honestly, I don't know if this is the eastern, southern, or western part of the continent. She's completely lost."

She opened her eyes round at my words.

And now he seems to have realized something strange about the situation.

"Teacher...how are you supposed to be here? And I was definitely caught by that weird guy."

"Think simple. I came all the way here to find you, and now all I have to do is find you and take you."

It is not the teacher but the lord of Hines' estate to break down Colin, the wizard who created this situation.

You know things can't be explained so simply.

"Oh, my head hurts... I don't know. I can't organize my thoughts."

"Think simple. This teacher saved you. What do you think? Thank you, right?"

She frowned at my words.

"It's more disturbing to see you emphasize something. Every time you show off, you took away a lot of things."

"I saw it right away. I think you need to draw some blood."

Like it or not, when awakened to the vampire road, a large amount of power is applied to the blood.

I'm not interested in your characteristics. That power is a bit attractive. I'd like to get some samples.

"Bl......blood?"

"Just a little bit. We'll take samples to check the variables... ..well, we'll use them for experiments."

It doesn't matter even though I have some real intentions.

"Oh, my God, how could a rogue like that be a teacher... ...then how did you get here? You said you didn't even know where you were."

"I didn't mean to come here, I just followed. Not when you go back."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

Ignoring her words, I looked through the boundaries of imprisonment and quickly rolled my head.

Manna, divine magic, and commander Mana. Because it used a lot of energy, there was only one warp left to be able to avoid any difficulties.

Meteor showers still consume too much mana.

It was not difficult to break the scaffolding with force, but it felt like I was staying here for another half-day.

Furthermore, with the disappearance of the Vampire Road, the solidity of the crystal became stronger as soon as something was triggered.

Originally, it would be a chasm that I set aside to keep track of the vampires who had fled.

"Hmm..."

"Well, sir?"

"Yosia, it's a secret from the others."

Unfair illegal tutoring is not good for students.

When I raised one hand, which I said calmly, a blue light began to shine.

"I'll give you a problem. Explain about Manna particle theory."

Josiah tilted her head at my words.

"Mana... particle theory? That's the theory of the existence of particles in mana."

"Well, then how do you think the Mana particle can maintain the nucleus of another Mana particle?"

"What do you mean? It's too difficult..."

"A little difficult? Then let's change the question. I think what will happen if the wind hits the ball with a sharp knife."

The answer is obvious.

"It's going to pop."

If a mana particle is hit with something with a sharp sacred place, it naturally causes particle division.

There is something similar in the physics of the Earth.

To create enormous power by dividing.

"Look, we're stuck around here so we can't get out."

"......I don't know, but say yes."

"Right now, you and I don`t feel a bit of a bother to break everything down because Manna is vaguely lacking. Then think about how to break that damn wall."

She frowned at my words.

"Is it possible? How do you break a magical wall with a number other than magic?"

"It's possible. How to break it without using a magic trick."

The answer is a horse.

exploding all the manna in the area All you have to do is break it down.

Let's go, fission!

You're going to pop it here?! You maniac!

I don't know! Pop it!

Without hesitation, the blue mana was made like a needle and stuck in the core of some of the finely woven mana particles.

It's impossible if you don't get to the top of the fairy tale.

I am a sorcerer who does this strictly above transcendence.

I will affirm that nothing is impossible to me.

Each of the mana particles that have lost their sustenance split into countless tiny grains.

The pellets break apart again by hitting the rest of the mana particles.

Then, there is a tremendous explosion in it, creating a huge shock wave around the area and shaking the balance.

Unlike fission, mana is not kinetic energy.

To put it in a good way, what I've shown you is.

It's a theory that's going to be crazy when it comes to the Tionis, and it's very dangerous to use as a weapon.

It's like a wide range of magical EMP bombs.