300 # 300

The Manreb hero is coming back!

12 volumes and 23 episodes

102. Accepters and fugitives.

"Grade six, Bram. What's wrong with you?"

"What are you talking about?"

Colin, who was working as a wizard for Ullis, asked irritably about Bram VI's behavior as if he were possessed.

"Prince David. I'm afraid you'll never see me running around like that."

"You're running wild. A criminal is a corporation that roars accordingly."

"That's not what I meant! Have you forgotten our purpose?"

"Colin."

Bram VI, an old man who briefly dismissed, said quietly.

"I am. I'm thinking of quitting."

"What?"

"That's a few words. But I realized something bigger than all my life's research in the words of Prince Davy."

Speaking calmly, he approached Colin and patted him on the shoulder.

"I've told you so many times."

"He is a man of the Holy Land! Do you think it's right for a man of the Holy Land to come here to the top of the tower and do something like that?"

"Did he just look like a saint of the Holy Land?"

"......"

"That's why you're still not over five circles."

Elder Bram!"

"Stop it! I just want to enter the 7th circle myself rather than be encouraged by the unknown. Is the story over? I think I'll see the end if I try a little more."

Bram VI, who is well aware of his lack of comparison with Helison Valestia. However, he was confident in his skills and intelligence in his position as a six-circle master.

I thought there was no problem with my theory.

It was a matter of course for him, who was full of pride.

But there is an old saying.

Slime in the cave.

Unlike the plains slime, cave slime is the widest world for him, as he has lived in the cave all his life since he was born.

The formula written by the little boy who asks why he thinks so.

It was simply a way to prove that one's formula was wrong.

Everything took place on the occasion of thinking of the ceremony.

"That's when I realized. What a dull life a wizard has been living because of his stubbornness and stubbornness. Now I can't wait to tell you to slap me in the face and wake up."

"Mr. Bram."

"So I won't tell you anymore. You should quit, too. Don't you know that he's a reluctant man? Don't follow the Ullis Central Elder and keep an eye on him."

"......"

Colin gritted his teeth at Bram VI's horse.

Then he murmured briefly.

"That's how it comes out."

Speaking calmly, he approached slowly.

Nevertheless, Bram was just busy writing his own theoretical formula.

Boom!

"Oh, my God!"

"You're so careless, you're going to die. Elder."

Colin, who mumbled briefly, smiled grimly.

Then he took off the hood that he had written deeply.

"Nose... Colin..."

"It's a poisoned dagger. It's a bitter pill I got from him. It's said to be a deadly poison for people who have had a transformation."

"Ee...eee!

Bram, who was angry and red-eyed with blood, quickly cast a magic.

But even before the magic was completed, it collapsed, bleeding out.

"When you activate Manna, the poison just spreads faster. You may face reality, but I am not. If there's a convenient way, I'll go there. Goodbye. Elder."

Colin's grim smile was different from before.

There were strange veins on the skin.

I don't know if it was because of the aftermath, but I could see that most of his hair had fallen out and disappeared.

Bram VI's interests were elsewhere.

"Come on... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you...

"Yes, I got the power of a five-circle master in return for the contract. When this plan is completed, I will become a six-circle wizard. Do you understand? You've climbed the six-circle magic in a short period of time!"

Pooooooooh!!

Colin, who kicked his body violently, put his hood back on and spoke quietly as soon as he found out he was dead.

"Get rid of the body. advance a plan We need to secure the offering, so put the stovepipe in Rascan's burden."

After a short murmur, he gleamed his eyes dangerously.

* * *

"Mori, didn't you see where he went?"

"...what? Oh...I didn't see it..."

Timmy kicked his tongue briefly at Morrie Saelen's answer, which he said with his head down.

"What's wrong with you, man? Where the hell did you go on the last day?"

He, who spoke bluntly, stared annoyingly at the small box he had taken out of his pocket.

Most of the other students have them, but Timmy felt embarrassed about the box for nothing.

"How's your condition?"

"Jo... ...Okay!"

When did Morrie Saelen answer with a red face like this? Timmy smiled at the change but thought it was a natural result.

He wouldn't...

"The magic has begun! What have we learned so far?"

"Break it all!"

"They've never experienced a percentage of that dog's life!"

Those lunatics are the main culprit.

Of course, it was the students in class F who were almost half crazy, not to hide anything.

Seeing Morrie Saelen, who seemed to want to run and join right away, Timmy thought something was serious.

To be honest, he did the same. I didn't know before. After he started his theory class properly, all the students were able to realize it.

I can see how this lunatic is going to roll if he really tries to kill someone.

The fruits of all kinds of hardships were sweet.

The process was hell itself that I didn't want to go through again. And it was very important that after the hell was over, the mind was united with unknown confidence and pride.

"You can win!"

Timmy shook his head as he penetrated into the gap of the new children, stretched out his small hand and cheered with him.

Even if you say a word, Morrie Saelen, who was embarrassed, changed like that. I wondered if others would be different.

"I can't see the teacher."

And, the biggest variable. Yoshia Francois, who rarely attended classes and was far from students due to her track record of not attending magic.

There is a fact that he suddenly began to attend class regularly.

All he asked her for was to come back quietly, but Timmy thought she was quite fond of the massage hitting battle.

"What's wrong with your expression? Are you ignoring my class so much?"

"Uh...uh? Oh, no. But what?"

"I can't see the teacher."

"I know that."

"That's weird. I definitely promised. He's not our teacher anymore, but he comes to see our magic."

Timmy frowned at Timmy, who recalled the clean face of the mad teacher, who always said, "I'm not interested in myself, and winning is an obvious result when I think about how much effort an individual has made."

"Anyway, until the end, this man..."

While kicking his tongue, he looked as if he wanted his parents to come to the parents' visit.

"Then they'll give you a gift."

"I'll look for it. You go and calm those maniacs down."

Yoshiaga, who pointed out the F-class students who were grinding their teeth saying that the magic must overwhelm them, even shouting, patted Timmy on the shoulder.

"You're the head of class F."

"...yes. Don't play hooky this time."

"I didn't do it because I liked it."

Speaking calmly, Yoshia immediately activated Manna.

What I learned from Mr. Devi was actually not much of a theory.

But from him, the wizard learned extremely realistically the first important things to do.

How to measure the opponent's manna. And how to distinguish, track, analyze, and interpret the manna.

Mr. Debbie was in that sense a bit of a novelty.

The mana was so light that I wondered how humans could do that.

I already know that the rumor is spread that he is a sodmaster.

There is no way to know why the Wizard was a Swordmaster, but as a result, he was not a normal human being.

But what I can feel from him is that he's below the average. Therefore, it was rather easy to distinguish.

Yoshia, who left the eastern part of the F class and entered the central part of the city, ignored the way she looked at him and walked away.

It was then.

"Josia Francois."

Her voice was quite fishy and stopped her.

"......"

She turned her head with a stiff face and saw Ms. Raskan, the burden of class A.

"Follow me."

"...sh...h...hate."

Crawling like a cow animal, she showed an instinctively imprinted blood predator.

"Ha... you won't follow me?"

At his threat, Josiah backed away reflexively.

"Well, all right. You can go if you don't want to follow."

"......"

"You're doing it yourself."

The grim smile hardened Yoshia's expression.

* * *

The wizard of the magic school Shakuntala was held, and the city Lindhall was truly a success.

If the national large festival under the name of the Continental Union was a sword competition held in the Duchy of Felesti.

The magic of Shakuntala is literally a great festival between the towers.

Most of the students who graduated from Shakuntala are said to be full of talented people enough to belong to the kingdom's wizards and towers.

That is why the tower provides a large amount of money to Shakuntala every year.

In order to select outstanding talent, even one at a time.

For the middle school, there are still high school classes left, so it's less interesting.

If anyone recognizes the level of students in class F now, something quite interesting will happen.

Large-scale magic battles, defensive battles, siege battles, and deep battle of magical characteristics in the huge forest.

In addition, Yoshia was determined to attend the magic festival because she was well aware of the result of automatic withdrawal when even one person was canceled.

"Why are you so nervous? Listen to it."

The problem was this man in front of me.

The burden of class A is on Rascan. As a teacher entering the 4th circle, honestly speaking, the magic level is lower than that of Yoshia, but there was a big difference between a teacher and a student.

"It's all right... ..yes."

Speaking in a very rigid voice, she looked down on the sofa.

Raskan, who was looking at her silently as her elegant black hair trickled down, slowly approached with a smile.

Then she gently rubbed her hair with her hand.

"As time goes by, it grows beautifully."

"......"

"Well, certainly compared to your father, your mother was so beautiful despite being a commoner. Laugh."

Josiah's parents are aristocrats of his own authors.

To be honest, it is not very high, but Yoshia's parents were in a position where even the top aristocrats could not do it carelessly in many ways.

the top of a ladder

Her father was none other than the great lord of the upper part of the French, the great eastern continent.

Although he was a commoner, the king, who praised his talent, became an aristocrat by submitting his own title.

That's how much influence the top has on the country.

Therefore, even the Marquis of the Countess cannot afford to neglect her family.

The man before me was different.

Rascan Francos.

He was none other than Yoshia's uncle, who was of the same bloodline.

Why is Raskan doing this against Yosia?

"Stop... ..don't. You must attend this wizard."

"Dragging. Didn't you say you'd send it right away if you listened? Stubbornness is the same as ever."

The reason was simple.

"It's good to be empty. Go ahead."

"......"

"I have no choice but to report your brother's business."

The word opened Josiah's eyes.

"That's... that's!"

"Why, don't you like it?"

Laughing out loud, he sat next to Josiah and put his hand on her shoulder and swept her cheek.

The sticky breath was so creepy that Yoshia had no choice but to clench her fist reflexively.

Raskan, who grabbed her chin looking down at the floor with a teary face in anger, giggled and burst into laughter.

"Look, what could you do? All you have to do is listen to me. You grew up so beautifully. All you have to do is hug this uncle. Then I will protect the glory of the tower, your brother's safety, and the future of the top."

It's her own thing that she couldn't tell anyone. She had never intended to betray class F in the first place.

But in the last magic spell, Raskan molested her, citing her brother's woe that only she knew, and it was already over when she ran away.

"Sam... ...you're my cousin... ..Please stop."

"Oh, what's that got to do with you? How can my uncle turn to another place when you grow up so beautifully?"

Sweeping her tearful cheeks, he slowly reached out to her chest.

"Last time I let him run away. I have a lot of time now. I'll send it back before the magic begins."

She clenched her teeth at the word.

If you put up with yourself. Everything works. With this level of shame, my friends will be able to safely perform the magic. Orbies and tops can be safe.

So you have to put up with it.

"Nobody is coming. Are you going to take it off yourself? Or do you want this uncle to take it off himself?"

She slowly reached out to the buttons of my school uniform, sobbing at Raskan's insidious voice.

The longer you take, the less likely you are to participate in the magic, so I thought it would be better to be sold quickly.

"Right, right. Good boy."

He stroked her head and chatted, and his eyes were red and bloodshot to see if he could not stand it anymore.

'Teacher...'

She didn't know why the vicious teacher, who said, "I'll kill you if you touch her student," came to mind.

Not just for reason. I missed the warmth of the man who was responsible for and leading them and unexpectedly affectionate toward his disciples.

'Teacher... Help me...'

This is a remote laboratory. There will probably be no one to find this place and no one to visit.

I know it's impossible. I felt bitter that I could rely on a teacher who had been ignoring me for a while.

It was time for her hands to shake when she unbuttoned a school uniform with tears in her eyes.

with a jerk

"That's a good move."

Poof!!

There was a gruesome roar of the flesh.