308 # 308

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Thirteen volumes and Sixth installments

"You still have a lot to improve. The knowledge and skills you have are actually common everywhere. Frankly speaking, it's unclear whether you can enter Betelstro if you've been there."

To be honest, it's not hard to enter the school. That's what "back" means.

But. Who do you think you're going to give me this talent?

"So you have to take your time to learn slowly."

"Teach me... You'really?"

"Yeah. My brother can do a little alchemy or engineering."

Eonisha gave me a distrustful look.

But soon, I was surprised and looked down as if I realized the difference between her and my position.

"I can't believe it. If you hate me, please let me out of the palace. You can be a commoner."

"Really?"

As soon as I finished speaking, I got up and reached out to him.

"Then let's see for ourselves and decide."

In my words, Eonisha gave me a questionable look because she didn't realize my intentions.

But soon when I held his hand and hugged him, he looked surprised.

"Oh, my God!"

"Be careful not to get sick. If you're not used to it, you'll be upset."

Spang!!!

Dozens of magic lines flash around even before the words are finished.

And. I changed the space in a blink of an eye.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Welcome to the Hines estate."

At my words, Eoni-sha looked around with a look.

Then he shrank nervously.

Because I brought Eonisha underground, which was lit up by the gentle mana stone.

"This is... "

"You won't be disappointed."

I could be wrong about what I'm saying.

He seemed to be more wary when he was too natural to give a story.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!

Then, when he heard something fast turning over the hall, Eoni-sha flinched and took a step back reflexively.

But I didn't stop walking.

Soon after, standing in front of the huge door, I touched the operating system next to me and the huge door slowly began to open.

And

Eonisha, who had been constantly wary of her surroundings with a worried and blue face, opened her eyes wide as if she had forgotten her behavior a while ago.

And he gave a childlike exclamation.

"Wow!"

That's right. The underground lab at Hines estate was created for my greed.

The Decepticon formation was made here, and so was the Avengers formation.

Of course, the Dwarfs who do research here continue to invent new things and teach me alchemy or engineering techniques from other worlds that are not known on this continent.

It became almost like a secret research institute that cannot be seen in other countries or territories.

Three species of engineers gathered to make something and on one side, a large Golem, Decepticon formation, was seen standing in a dignified form.

"Great... great!"

The eyes of Dwarf and Elves, who were wandering around the lab, reached this side with Eoni-sha's cry of shining eyes like a child.

"No, you're not a teacher."

And one of the dwaffs came up to me by moving his thrilling legs hard.

"Welcome, you've been busy lately, haven't you?"

"Yes, there's no quiet day. Is there any advancement in technology?"

"Well, always. To be honest, there is little improvement in technology since Enabelle."

In response to Dwarf's answer, Eonisha gave me the same vigilance as when she first saw me.

"Hmm? Who's this human girl?"

"That's my brother."

Dwarf gave a questionable look at the calm answer.

"Sister? Doesn't your teacher already have two beautiful sisters? Were there any more?"

"He doesn't get in and out of the palace."

"Well... I don't care. By the way, what's going on?"

"Eonisha."

When I called Eonisha, he fell from me in surprise.

"Would you show me something on your wrist?"

"......"

"It's all right."

At my reassuring tone, Eonisha eventually stuck out a rugged mechanical device stuffed into her arm.

"Whoa... ...it's..."

At the same time, the Dwarf engineer, who realized the novelty of the idea rather than the technology contained in it, flashed his eyes.

"Hey! Come on!"

With Dwarf's cry, other Dwarves and elves who were supplementing the device with spirit magic began to flock.

Suddenly, when a large number of eyes looked at him, Eonisha lost her color as if she was embarrassed at what to know what to do.

There were a lot of things to be wary of, but as more people gathered, it seemed that the head was overloaded.

"Oh, my God... this is quite new!"

"That's true."

I've never taught you everything.

I've solved most of the technology I know by telling them little by little when they need it rather than by telling them from the beginning.

"How's it going?"

"Well, technology is terrible. Honestly, it's just too harsh."

Eonisha's expression died black after Dwarf's cold evaluation.

I don't know when and where he became interested in this technology, but as a result, Eonisha was very interested in engineering and alchemy.

As her first work, which she created with her pure heart, is evaluated as such, she is bound to be depressed.

"But everything else is amazing! Look! Master! We didn't use vibrations to create poetry, minutes, and even seconds! Don't tell me you're... "

"This guy made it all by himself."

That's why it's amazing.

No matter how early you get your education. No matter how fast the growth of the Tionis continent is compared to the Earth.

It was strictly shocking that a child, who was just a high school student in elementary school, had conceived and made a Taeyeop watch sloppy.

Eoni-sha... he's an amazing genius.

If Winnie and Varys grew rapidly after the real war, Eoni-Sha was a real exhausting genius who pioneered something by staying in the room and rolling around what he liked.

To some extent, it is hard to see a genius like this.

The eyes of both Dwarf and the Elves looked at Eonisha once again.

"Ho... ..you're still young, and that's great!"

"Oh, my God... ...it's not usually a novel idea."

The eyes of elves, dwaffes, or human engineers began to be interested.

"Sir... ..maybe..."

"I'm going to make this machine work. It's made by this guy. Of course, the Lord will not be me, but him."

The watches available on this continent are quite inconvenient. However, it was not very similar to the modern clock on Earth, which was created by Eonisha.

"I like it! What an early age! Hahahahahahahaha!"

It was not long before one of the Dwarfs smiled loudly, and there were laughter from all over the place.

Eonisha, fascinated by the amazing appearance of the lab, soon turned her face red as engineers began to praise her.

"What do you think? Don't you think this place is pretty good?"

When I heard my question, Eonisha, who was embarrassed, looked at me with astonishment.

He carefully nodded as he looked at the Golem of the Decepticon squadron, which was being calibrated inside the lab.

"Yes... ...it's amazing."

"Shall we move again?"

When I hugged him with a smile and stepped into the air, the expressions on the faces of the Dwarves were young.

"You're merciless to my brother. My teacher said."

"TZUYU..."

You'll have to pray that Eoni-sha doesn't hear that.

* * *

"You've been waiting a long time, haven't you? It's a contract made in a hurry, but I made it using the draft that you made beforehand."

"Good job, Amy. You can rest well today."

"Ha......but I'm still behind in my work…"

"I'll do the rest."

There are things to check for yourself.

Amy, who had stuck out a thick pile of papers in my words, nodded quietly.

"Yes."

As soon as Amy left, I gave out the contract to Eoni-sha.

"Eonisha. Can you read?"

"Yes, I studied hard."

"Really? I'll just point out the important things first."

In my words, Eoniqia had a hazy look that the lab had not yet been forgotten.

I'm sure he wanted a reality where he could get away from me and achieve his dream.

Like it or not, she'll be out of breath just because I exist.

But I can't allow it to be taken away from others once I've recognized his talent.

"First of all, every project that starts with your name will be known to the continent under your name. So is the placenta clock you're wearing now. Now it's sloppy and rough, but the best technicians will teach you skills and complete it with the right stuff."

In my words, Eonisha, with a dreamy face, fiddled with a watch that was reflexively fastened to her wrist.

"Other than that, he is responsible for all expenses incurred in providing technical consultation assistance, or materials or projects."

"Is it... Is it okay to do that?"

"I have a lot of money."

At that relaxed tone, Eonisha's expression frown momentarily.

Honestly, it's annoying.

Let them ignore it.

"I won't touch whatever you do. I will continue to support you, even if you bake, boil, and trick me into making things to kill me."

"How come?"

He asked me with a look of incomprehension.

"I'm not going to die if you go through so much trouble."

Even the 8-9-circle wizard will kill me with one machine, no matter how many hands and two feet I have. You have a big dream.

"On the contrary, I believe you won't come up with ideas that are problematic for the continent."

At least Kalus and Benedict said nothing of it, but Eoni-sha was quite realistic, unlike my brothers.

"We're going to move on to the earnings distribution? First of all, the profit of everything the Dwarfs make is seven to three. But you still have a lot to learn, so I'll take seven from you, considering your education and materials costs."

"The..."

"You still have a lot in mind, don't you?""

I mean, Eonisha took a very small note out of her arms.

Perhaps all the ideas he's been thinking about are in there.

"Other benefits, additional revenue-generating costs. The cost of maintaining your dignity, and everything else."

As he continued to teach, Eoni-sha seemed to worry about it one by one at first, but he didn't even know what he understood.

It's still too difficult for a child.

And

That's what I used.

It's a vicious circle that's still trying to suck up a child.

Talent is a real gift. If you miss it, you'll regret it.'

"Eonisha."

After a slight rebuttal of Persec's criticism, he called Eonisha, who was fiddling with the contract with a blank face.

"...yeah...yeah?"

The guy who looked up at me with a blank face was in a difficult situation to make a proper judgment due to the appearance of the lab and the contract he just recited.

"Yes, this is the last time. Let's just hang in there."

He looked blankly nodding at my words.

"It's about the contract period. I promise you this brother. Betelstruck can teach you more than alchemy and engineering skills you can learn. This is what you want, isn't it?"

"......if I could learn many things..."

It's important to run away from me. As a result, his interest in alchemy and engineering was real.

"Yes, but I don't want the technology to be leaked. So it's the last item. It's a life contract. Do you understand?"

With my soft smile, Eoni-sha only twirled around holding a pen with a blank face.

We're almost there.

"I will protect you and pay you for your life. You can do whatever you want to do. Performance doesn't force either. Study as you like."

You still don't know that you can't make money if the results don't come out anyway. a baby girl

As if almost all I said had reached out slowly to the life contract.

And right before I sign.

I heard someone's voice in my ear.

"Davie, Lünne thinks very low."

"Be quiet, dude."

Boom!

Eonisha, who was trying to sign her when I slammed her head, looked at her with her eyes glistening.

Oh, come to think of it, the height difference between Eoni-Shia and Lünne is not that big.

Perhaps he became interested in meeting a girl of my age.

"That kid..."

"I'm trying to run. It's a golem.

Eonisha's eyes were wide open at my words.

It's now!

"What do you think? Isn't it awesome? All I have to do is sign."

In my words, Eonisha wrote his name in the contract without realizing it, as if he was fascinated by the fact that Lünne, who acts like a living creature, is a golem.

The contract was signed.

So I stroked his head and turned my head.

"Lune, what's the matter?"

"I saw it from Barris. countries and territories. A number of important sinners, missing persons, have been found all over the continent. That number is over 200. And all the kidnappings are similar to those of the Hajji coal mine."

At the words, my smile cooled me down.

At this point, I can't help but wonder what they want.

"You're running these bastards.