305 # 305

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 13th and the 3rd Episode

The first time is slow, but the scope is vast.

One particle divides into two.

Two are divided into four, four into eight.

The pace gradually accelerated, breaking down every mana in the area, precisely based on me.

Originally, in order to use magic, the magician cherishes Manna by drawing and expressing his manna as a catalyst.

If this happens, the means to go back will disappear even if the system is broken.

If you can't handle it that much, you won't have the right to call it 9 circles.

Stop! And if a chain reaction causes Manna to explode out of control!

However, Persec was more afraid of the devastating aftermath than of the disappearance of the whole mana.

Manna exists everywhere, and the chain of explosions will spread endlessly.

However, I dismissed her worries in a single word.

What, you don't even know this? I'll have to learn magic again.'

Gains!

Angry, she pulled my ear and screamed evil.

On the contrary, Yoshia, who did not understand the situation, was just a blank face.

Poof!!!

Soon after, the chain division that reached the critical point went beyond its limits and eventually began to accompany a huge storm.

So I held Josiah in my arms, speeding up the pace even more and more.

"Let's go."

"Uh... where?"

"Where are you going, I'm going home. Are you going to live here forever?"

"Uh......how......"

"Look carefully."

Her eyes opened as if she was looking for something to refute.

He wouldn't either. A huge amount of manna began to flow out of my calm body, and a huge magic pearl was revealed based on me.

"Uh......how did the magicians......"

Frustrated by the overlapping magic unfolding in the space where Manna had completely disappeared, she murmured in amazement.

"Hold tight. Over."

"What?! Argh!"

[8 Circle]

[Space Transition]

Boom!!!

The mana had already evaporated and the mana had hidden in my body, creating a magic trick.

Josiah looked alarmed at the way I used magic and ignored the spear.

"High-speed movie with magic?""

Before the space was reversed around the frightened woman. I threw a pre-prepared magic wand into the air.

Squeak... Squeak!

Then, all of the space was changed to contain the mana division of the area, which was soon after the scaffolding set up by Vampire Lord was caught up in the mana particle division and quickly decomposed.

What would happen if the mana were moved to this space where the particle division is taking place?

Persec's eyes opened wide when he realized my intentions.

The disaster... ...Davie, you don't tell me.

I saw it right away.

Poof!!

Soon after, the space was changed in an instant, and the ruins of Goseong quickly turned into a familiar magic school building.

Then, throughout Shakuntala, mana division spread.

Fabababababang!!

Watching the explosion spread at a tremendous speed with continuous binge drinking, I landed in the air with strength in my legs and a simple physical ability holding Yoshia.

Boom!!!

Of course, due to the lack of control, I fell and caused a huge crack on the ground, but fortunately no one saw me and Yoshia appear.

In the first place I appeared was an old research center where there was no one, namely Rascan Francois, who was Yoshia's uncle.

Pababababak!!

Shakuntala is more mana-rich than ordinary places, so the aftermath has become even greater.

Are you going to destroy all the manna of the continent?!

"No, I'm going to get rid of the mana inside Shakuntala."

Of course, most of the tools that move or work with mana will go black, and there will be a lot of course.

It's none of my business.

"Right?"

You'd be very sorry to pop it in your private lab.

That way, we can keep the tentacles together for 24 hours, which we caught in the abyss."

That's terrible!

Unlike nuclear fission, which splits endlessly with only raw materials, Mana particle division has limitations.

Intangible forces with will are to cut off the great space and prevent the spread of it to protect themselves.

Therefore, the correct calculation of the burst range required accurate formula calculation and accurate diffusion rate control.

If any sorcerer would do this.

He will laugh in vain, saying, "Don't talk nonsense."

Looking up at the sky while hugging me with a blank face, Yoshia opened her mouth with her eyes turned red.

"What the hell did you do?"

"What if this massive disaster happens in the middle of the magic system?"

"Of course he stops... oh, my God, are you crazy?"

Yoshiah, who covered her mouth with both hands, looked at me in surprise.

"I don't know. It's hard to blame anyone for such a thing if it's just a natural disaster."

Who would know who did it if he didn't act like a fool me.

"Come on in. Some of them are dying to wait for you."

The event will be suspended as long as an unexpected terrorist attack is carried out on magic. It is highly likely that the wizard will be moved on or reopened after the situation calms down.

Then I'll come forward.

It's to leave the bag and use it for this kind of thing.

It's not hard to get the magic back to work with a word from the great master Helison.

In my words, Josiah looked at the sky in silence.

Sir... What the hell are you? That was... ...a massive space transfer magic, right? I know, I saw it in a book... ...the eight-circle magic that exists in theory, but cannot be implemented by the human brain."

That means I'm more than an eight-circle wizard.

"Don't try to eat your homework like that."

When I spoke calmly and gave her a cool slap on the back, Josiah screamed and stepped away from me.

"Ah! Again! Again!"

"I changed the color of my eyes. Sooner or later, I'll send my blood through a person. Don't forget. Never bite a person's neck. Vampires' awakening has stages."

It's exactly the awakening stage as a vampire road.

"But... ..I still don't know anything! I don't understand why I suddenly became a vampire!"

"I'll send you a letter through Yulis, the elder of the Red Tower. Send me a box when you're really tired. I'll write you some advice."

She had a lot to say in what I said, but she looked patient.

At my words she looked at me with a confused look and soon nodded slowly.

"Are you going?"

"I have to go. How long will I be playing house?"

Did he feel something instinctively?

She asked me questions that I wouldn't normally ask.

"Then, sir... can we meet again?"

"Can we meet again?"

"I don't think I'll ever see you again if we break up like this."

I kept silent at the words.

"Tell me."

In the end, Yoshia burst into tears.

But he took a step back from me with an ugly smile.

"Teacher, I will never forget this grace. I don't know anything about it yet, but I'll trust you."

"Yes."

"Well, I'll see you sometime. We."

Then she turned her back on me without hesitation and began to run quickly to the direction of Jungang-dong.

The speed is too fast to compare with the usual speed of Yoshia, but she herself did not seem to recognize it yet.

You just leave the vampire road like that? To be honest with you, she's the opposite. Vampire Lord's awakening is a threat to you even considering the risk of simple power. I'd rather put a few more restrictions...

"No, just leave it."

Do you know whose dog Vampire Lord is?

"If I hadn't seen the possibility, I wouldn't have let it bleed in the first place."

Yoshia is my student, but I can't just cover her up.

"And politics should be a good excuse."

Even if it was a little irresponsible, I thought it was the best choice I could feel now.

I can't completely block her awakening, but at least I've delayed the time, so I'm quite free.

What if... what if he finally antagonizes you?

"I just have to beat him until he wakes up with a rod of love."

If you just plug in the first button well, you have to put the rest on your own.

In the first place, vampire road is not a place to rise to experience or experience.

It can be said to be a birthplace.

Of course, I heard that if there is a potential vampire in the middle, it can be loaded, but if there is a born vampire load, the choice goes to the latter unconditionally.

in other words

If the boy Vampire Lord handed over to Josiah the next Vampire Road post, it also meant she was fully qualified.

If the name was lumber enough to become a monarch of a species, I thought that I would show my talent enough to control and control myself even without touching it.

When Josiah disappeared completely, Persec looked strangely uncomfortable.

This led me to a step before she made a difference. Then, he looked over the space and looked at the quiet research building he had arrived at before heading to Goseong.

"I wonder if he's still alive."

I suffered endlessly from the torch, but honestly, I didn't see if I was dead or alive, so I don't know.

Fortunately, however, when I entered the chaotic research center, I could see a man who was stuck in a wall and was in a short twitch.

It was her uncle, Rascan Francos, who molested Josiah.

"Kkkkkkkkkkk..."

Rascan Francois was alive in the same shape I had pinned against the wall before I left.

But his condition was devastating.

The skin was so dark and hard that it was miraculous to be alive that the eyeball was exposed to high heat and evaporated.

The hair disappeared without a single trace, and the surrounding area was filled with the terrible smell of something burning.

Nevertheless, he was alive.

Originally, he was still on fire.

It was after the fire of God was extinguished because the mana particles were divided on a large scale and affected the torch.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Perserk made a cold face as he watched Raskan, who had a strange voice that could not even speak properly.

I should've just popped the egg.

At the murmur of Persek, I poured divine power into his eyes without a word to regenerate only the parts of his eyes.

Then he rolled his eyes slowly and looked at me because he could see again.

And

He resisted desperately, trying to struggle as if he had seen a ghost.

"Let's get it over with."

Feeling the pain of burning for a long time but not dying, he was already half-dead.

But instinctively, I couldn't shake off my fear.

"You know why I regenerated your eyes?"

When I asked him, he just let out a scream and showed no movement.

"At least on the way, I thought I'd have to see who was hitting you and killing you."

To speak calmly, I have now begun to lift the commander Manna, the strength left in my body.

[7 Circle Command Magic]

[Gasp]

Ugh!!

As soon as the command magic was activated, cracks began to break up on the floor where he was.

And beyond that, hideous and terrifying mouths that seemed to devour the whole body of Rascan immediately began to pop out.

It was a two-dimensional existence, called the majeure, or the majeure of ministry.

"For your information, Agwi eats his opponent alive."

"Uh...Uh...Uh!!!"

He desperately tries to struggle, but his muscles are all burned up, so he can't move.

Whoo! Whoo! Whack!

Soon the monster, with its hideous mouth protruding from the floor, bit the screaming Raskan alive and dragged him into the crack.

He appealed to me for mercy with a face full of fear, but his life was as good as dead from the time he burned him with the torch anyway.

Can I go without looking? I think the children prepared you a gift.

"Do I have to do it?"

She giggled at my question.

But there's something called priestly affection.

At the words, I thought hard and reached into the air lightly.

Although he has almost used up Manna, he can use message magic, which is the main skill of Manna, rather than the amount of Manna. When you become a 9-circle wizard, your natural recovery speed is different from the basic wizard.

I made a link to class F students and sent out a message magic.

Once with affection as a teacher.

Are you sleepy in your circle?

It's a neat piece of course.

It must be a clean personality.

My last words to my first disciples as a teacher were quite simple.