301 # 301

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 12th and 24th episodes

As red blood splashed on his face, Yoshia Francos' eyes, which were clenching her teeth with a face full of shame, opened.

Who comes into a quiet and secluded laboratory where no one seems to come?

I thought of one person for a moment.

Sadly, she wasn't the reliable teacher she wanted.

"Oh, my God!"

Raskan, who was pierced on the shoulder by a red blade, staggered to his knees.

Then he opened his eyes when he saw the man who attacked him.

"Huh?"

"I told you to hold the offering. You're doing something stupid."

The man, who mumbled for a short time, was pressing the robe so hard that he couldn't recognize it.

Perhaps he lost his strength, Rascan struggled to collapse. However, the man ignored the Rascan and called Yosia.

"Josia Francois."

"...who...who are you?""

quivering, she asked. No matter how hard I trained in hell, I couldn't stand this basic disgust.

"I guess you're not just a coward."

In short, when he tried to move, Josiah leaned the sofa back and handed it back.

Then he rolled back quickly and threw the magic he had prepared in a flash.

Fireball!"

The reaction is unthinkable in the reaction is unthinkable.

However, the change naturally occurred as the class continued to compete for one second under the devilish teacher.

Whaaaah!

A massive size that could be three or four times the size of a regular fireball.

Even though the same mana is used, its efficiency and size are incomparably greater.

"......."

"Yosia started to sing together in a flash with a stiff face."

It was because the man had too much eerie energy to fall at once.

Boom!

Then, the red blade that flew out of the smoke cut off her arm before she could reveal her next magic.

"Huh?! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

It was a moment when the blood fountain broke, and the terrible pain came in an instant.

Yoshiah, who fell screaming and collapsed, grabbed the part where her arm was cut off and cried.

Pooooooooh!!

But soon her body collapsed at the first blow of the man who approached her.

Perhaps she had lost control of her body, but she could not even scream with trembling eyes and just faced him.

"Take it as an honor. He who can't look at you even after trying his whole life wants you."

Speaking calmly, he held her back and turned his head.

At the same time, a crack opened and a woman walked silently out of it.

"We don't have time. Everything goes down in smoke when he notices it. Let's go."

"Yes, Mr. Shary."

* * *

"It's a good atmosphere."

Watching the noisy atmosphere of the school, I took a leisurely look at the students walking in groups of twos and threes and headed to the place where the class F was located.

It took some time because of the problem with Raina's physical adjustment, but he arrived well at the right time and was complimenting himself.

You'd better move diligently instead of doing anything useless.

As she said, it doesn't seem a little late.

Entering the quiet hallway with class F, I slowly opened the door of the classroom.

Swoosh!!

At the same time, dozens of pairs of eyes moved towards me.

"What are you all doing? The magic begins soon."

The students' facial expressions were subtly distorted by my words I said.

"Where the hell have you been?""

"Your days as teachers are over, you bastards. Don't ask for unnecessary responsibility because today is just an observation."

I stopped because I spoke calmly and ran quickly and slapped Timmy's forehead.

"Hmm? What's wrong with you?"

"Yosia... ...is gone."

Alisa Jospoge carefully opened her mouth among the noisy students.

"Josia's gone?"

"Yes... ...just like the previous one."

I could recall a human being reflexively by Alisa's words.

I don't know exactly why Yoshia didn't participate in the magic last year.

But one thing.

I knew only one thing that had been revealed by Persek's power.

The fact that the burden of Rascan A class is involved.

To be honest, it's good to put it away as soon as possible because it's a distraction, but it was a foolish judgment that I didn't touch it because I was considerate of the delicate relationship between Yoshia and it.

"What are you talking about? Didn't you hear that if one of you falls out, you'll be given up? Didn't you know where your classmates went?"

The students clenched their teeth to the cold and cold question.

"That's... ..."

"I went out looking for you and then disappeared!"

"That's right! I'm just looking for it because I'm worried it won't come when the time comes!"

"Josia... ...he said he'd be there no matter what. I'm sure that wasn't a lie!"

"You're not the type to lie in the first place. YOSHIA is."

I clapped my tongue short at the students' rebuke.

"Go to Jungang-dong where the magic spell is held."

In my words, the students kept silent looking at each other with anxious expressions.

"Don't forget what I taught you. Be confident. If you do as you do when you learn from me, you won't fall behind in other classes."

"Teacher..."

"I'll take Josiah with me. The contract period is over, but we still have to make it."

After patting the head of a schoolgirl who called me uneasily. Turning, I disappeared as if I were scattering away.

Then all the bases were completely shut off and started to move.

Do you know where it is?

'I don't know, so I'll have to find the guy I know first.'

If the burden of Raskan is that he took YOSHIA this time.

You won't see anything good.

In an instant, I crossed the air and reached a fairly old building, frowning before I even entered the building.

"Blood fragrance?"

A strong blood scent means that someone is here.

One foot, two feet without a word. Retired, I skimmed through the quiet window.

As soon as I found a very feeble flow in this remote research building where not a single person came, I curled up.

[Monthly report]

It's my main method. It is the most secretive yet quickest way to walk.

In an instant, black smoke spread all over my body and my body was scattered, and at a moment I appeared in front of a tightly closed third-floor window.

"Whoop!"

What the hell!!!

Having smashed the window without hesitation, I soon entered the interior full of terrible blood.

The smell of blood as if someone had just used it was too strong.

And. I felt familiar energy.

Vampires...

"I thought it was going to cool down, but I guess it's still there."

A trace of the vampire slowly walked into the bloodstained floor.

Then, I could see.

With a man struggling with a bloody floor.

The arms of a little girl who seems to have lost her owner.

"......"

I walked without a word and kicked the man over.

"Luck!"

At the same time, the man with his eyes wide open turned upside down and sent the gaze to me.

"The burden of the Rascan. I must have warned you. If you touch it, you'll die. Doesn't that sound like a horse?"

He trembled at my words.

Thus, I pulled out the red blade that penetrated his shoulder with my bare hands and activated his divine power.

[정화(purification)]

[Haines Hill]

His body slowly began to recover after the expression of a fast-toxic purification and advanced recovery magic.

"Cough, cough, cough!

And when the light was over, Raskan coughed and tried to twist painfully.

If I hadn't trampled on his chest.

"Didn't you hear me?"

He clapped his teeth when he asked the question calmly.

"Eh...Mr. Debbie..."

"Yes, yes, we've met before. Don't you think so?"

Speaking calmly, I slowly took my foot off.

Then he trampled on one of his arms and crushed it before he got up.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!Ouch!

Screaming at the terrible pain, his mouth closed in a flash.

He was forced to shut his mouth.

"Was that funny, was it?"

He shook his head frantically with my gruesome smile.

Scream and mash the other side. If you understand, nod your head."

At my words, he gasped and nodded like crazy.

When I untied the current, he gasped and clenched his teeth.

"Where is Josiah?"

He spoke in a quivering voice at my words.

"I don't know what... ..."

Phew!!!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

This time his legs were completely crushed.

I shrieked and struggled to subdue him, and my eyes glowed red.

"Lascan Francos. If you say that one more time, you will not be responsible for the consequences."

He clenched his teeth and nodded in a trembling voice at my words.

"Eh... ...I took her... ...nose... ...class 4 Colin."

At his words, I looked down at him without a word.

"Colin? What's wrong with him?"

"That... that... that... hehehe!! Please! Please! I'll tell you everything!"

Screaming and backing away, he soon revealed all the facts he didn't have to hear.

She was being sexually harassed by Colin, who had been ordered to keep Josiah tied.

Raskan, who had long been determined to embrace Yoshia, was fatally wounded by an unidentified woman and a fourth-class Colin, who they soon visited, and said she disappeared into a strange crack.

Maybe the strange woman is a vampire.

"Oh, yeah. I tried to do that to my niece."

"......."

"Well, it's not my business to interfere in personal matters. Don't go overboard."

I turned my head away, speaking calmly.

The slender arms that had fallen after the loss of their master seemed to belong to Josiah.

As soon as the blood drained out and picked up the pale arm, I poured mana into the cross section and kept it intact, then glared at Raskan.

"Where have they disappeared?"

"That... that... that..."

"You don't want to talk?"

"Oh... no! Ha......but I don't know either! He suddenly appeared and suddenly disappeared... ...and I'm just a terminal person. Yes."

His words made me wonder what to do.

If it's already gone like this, it's hard to find it.

Then, we have no choice but to use a different method.

As I opened my hand, which raised Yoshia's arm, her arm flashed and began to be engulfed in the mana of the commander of Sakaman.

[8 Circle Black Magic]

[Soulink]

At the same time, a magical scene with a black-and-white light under my feet began to emerge.

Raskan watched me with his eyes wide open.

As much as he was a wizard, I couldn't understand how ridiculous I was now.

"Uh......how did this happen..."

Ignoring him shaking and muttering, I threw my arms into the subspace.

The chase is over.

The location is a place I don't know, so I can't warp recklessly.

With the recovery to the ninth circle, there will be no problem if we overdo it.

[Link]

[8 Circle Magic]

[Warp]

In an instant, dozens of blue magic lines are revealed in the air above the Sakaman Magic Circle.

At the same time, the magicians revolved and a new blue crack began to form in front of me.

Link between Yosia's arm and her soul to track her position. It expresses warp magic after specifying its coordinates.

I don't know what's on the other side, so it could be a trap, but it didn't matter.

One goal. Bringing back the gruesome disciple, Josiah Francis, safely.

That's all.

Davey! Whatever it is, the longer you drag on, the more dangerous he'll be!

On Persec's advice, I tried to throw myself into the crack without hesitation.

But before that.

Stopping, I glanced at the crouching Rascan, scared and slowly reached out.

"God says."

"Yes... ...Yes?"

"Suck it up."

[9th Eccentric Final Vocalization]

[God's middle finger.]

Two boom!

In an instant, a white cluster of light hits his body, smashing the ceiling.

At the same time, his body began to burn. While alive.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

He struggled with a terrible fever, but the white flames persistently burned him out.

"No more, no less, just burn for two hours. You can go through it after that."