307 # 307

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 13th and the 5th installment.

103. The Queen of the Clock.

"I've been waiting for you. I was going to give you a kite when you got back."

I put a flick on his forehead without hesitation in the hospitality of Varys, who welcomed him with a tired look.

"Ack?"

Screaming and falling down, he looked up at me bewildered by the sudden situation.

But soon he woke up as if he realized that his body had changed.

"Ah..."

It`s a simple recovery from fatigue. How many days have you been up?"

"Ha ha, I don't know. It's been a couple of days."

Even if a person cannot sleep for three days, he or she will go crazy, but he or she is holding out well.

The playful boy was growing little by little as he went through real war.

"Are you tired?"

"Yes, it's hard."

The man who answered sternly smiled.

"That's how passionate I am. I think I know how hard my father has worked since I learned how to manage state affairs."

"Really?"

"Of course, you made some mistakes over time."

A smiling fellow took out a hidden letter in the pocket of conquest.

"This is the report. I did some research with the help of the book you lent me. The report on the Haji coal mine seems to be true."

"Who's the culprit?"

"It's... it doesn't seem to be human being. Look at this."

a Haji coal mine

Unlike the Earth, it is famous for many people dying because of its poor technology.

As a result, most miners are often accompanied by sinners, which is why it is a very bad place for human rights.

Of course, it is only natural for the kingdom of Loun, which has the law that abhorrent sinners have no human rights.

There was a large stone bed and a body lying on top of it in the basement that followed Varys.

"All the other bodies were burned down, but there was only one thing that was worth saving the cause of death. I think he set the fire to leave no trace. One of them must have escaped."

Varys, who had his glasses fixed once, removed the cloth, apparently because his eyes were tired.

It's being operated.

"The dogs and the dogs."

In the first place, it was nothing more to see.

But for sure, I put my finger on the neck of the body without a word and slowly let the sacredness slip away.

"Brother, are you a vampire?"

"That's right. He's pretty strong, too."

Radical vampires are all around their bodies with bizarre powers.

Therefore, it was not difficult to distinguish moderates from radicals.

"Why did the vampires suddenly go after the Haji coal mine?"

"What's the difference?"

"Well... no matter how hard I look, there's no sign of them finding anything there. It's like he came to me vaguely and killed me and left."

How many bodies were found?"

"The number of bodies identified is about 282 and more than half of them are damaged and cannot be found."

"Really?"

The fact that they went to the remote mountains without touching anything would mean that there was something they wanted.

"So I'm saying. Sir, as far as I've done with my own research."

He rolled his brain to come up with a hypothesis.

"What made it so difficult to identify people is that there were people who had to hide their existence and take them from there?"

"For example, the Duke of Calus or Benedict or Barieta."

Queen Lynes Barieta was given orders at the hands of King Krianes, so the three were left.

There's no guarantee that they are.

'That's right.'

"Barris, I'd like you to do some research from now on."

"Yes, brother, just say it."

"See if there were similar situations in other countries."

"Other countries?"

"Yes."

"First of all... I see."

"And what about Kalus' body?"

"Not found."

I nodded quietly and covered the body with cloth at the sharp reply from him.

It's an experiment.

"It's not going to be easy to make the devil's body.'

When the time comes, you'll bring her back?

'Don't be ridiculous. You can't.'

She frowned at my firm words.

Why? Davey, I'm sure she said it. If Simyeon wants to make her finger wash, she should be resurrected as the devil.

At her persuasion, I stepped up the stairs from underground to the ground with a cold smile.

"Do you think Simyeon is a pair of hot pants?"

What?

"The radical vampire is now using the power of abyss to revive the demon. And once they do, they're going to get attacked again?"

That's...

"And I said, It's obvious who you'll be if you become the devil king."

The goddess of Priya is a horse.

I like tragedy in the unexpected part.

"So you're gonna... ..."

My steps stopped as I was nailing Persec.

It was because of a little girl who was waiting for me in front of the palace hall where there was no one.

"You..."

"Hi, brother David O'Loon."

a resonant voice But his voice sounded very frightened.

Nevertheless, the girl clenched her fist tightly and refused to avoid me.

"Eonisha."

Eonysha Allown.

She is the last daughter of Queen Linnes, the only royal family of the aristocratic tribe to survive the rebellion of the royal family of the aristocracy.

To be exact, I kept her alive.

"What's going on?"

She didn't have any particular grudge.

He was so scared and didn't get in and out of the palace.

"Lord of Kings!"

At that time, a woman who was approaching from afar opened her eyes, ran quickly, covered her behind her back and looked down at me.

"I'm... I'm sorry. I'll be right back."

"Silly! Wait! I have something to tell you!"

"Lord of Kings!"

I slowly reached out to restrain the two of them at the sight of the girl scurrying in embarrassment.

"Stop, what's the matter?"

I asked him calmly, but his expression seemed quite firm.

I was about to say something to the two of them.

"I'm...I' Degradation! I'll take your daughter away soon!"

This time, Eonisha seemed to be unable to refute.

"Wait a minute."

In response, I stopped the two men, relaxed their expressions, and asked.

"You got something to say?"

The child will be on alert for useless kindness.

Therefore, I thought showing a cool-headed attitude would give Eoni-sha more confidence.

"I'm sorry! Degradation! ...Hurrah! Your Royal Highness is still young!"

"Did I just ask you?"

The lady flinched at the calm question.

"Don't step forward. It's enough to ignore the royal family in front of them."

"I'm... I'm sorry.

"Eonisha."

"Yes... yes!"

The startled man replied with a very stiff face.

"Follow me. You have something to say, right?"

"...yes."

Seeing him nodding his head with a determined expression, he looks much better than Carlos or Benedict, even though he is still young.

It was so different that I wondered if it was a child from the same mother's womb that I could laugh at it.

* * *

It's been a long time since I visited Prince I, located on the outskirts of the palace, and I was impressed by the fact that I was in better management than I thought.

"Well... Anisha managed the palace from time to time."

"Really? Well, that's great. It's been a long time, but I've lived here for quite a while."

At my words, Eonisha followed me nervously and quietly.

"Now, it's from the Elf Forest. It'll taste good."

"......"

The most vicious car...

'If you don't know, it's just a delicious tea.'

Wonhyo might know it's skull water.

I waited with a relaxed mind, looking down at the tea cup without a word.

She is the youngest daughter of Queen Linnes, my enemy, but that didn't mean she was a sinner.

Kahlus and Benedict did what they had sown, and they didn't want to wait and see Queen Linnes's sins become a joint agenda.

"There was a lot of talk about purging you at one time."

"Laughing!"

The frightened man looked at me. Then carefully, asked in a frightened voice.

"Your Grace..."

"We're not on good terms, but that doesn't mean I'm going to split up like your brothers. Call me whatever you want."

"I'm... I'm sorry.

The man, who had been silent for a long time with his head down, opened his mouth again.

"Davie, don't you hate me?"

"You? What did you do?"

"...that's... I'm the daughter of a sinner."

"Did you start the rebellion?"

"The..."

"Or did you agree?"

Smiling and savoring the teacup, he grudgingly drank slowly.

He has learned the culture of the royal family since he was young, so his posture is good, but the child looked surprised as if he was burned his tongue by a hot car.

You must have been so nervous.

"Carlus and Benedict only got what they sowed, but you decided you were innocent, so you left you alone."

"That's... "

"Come on, try to speak better, you want to ask me something, right?"

I rarely enter the palace, and I am just a prince who has given up his right to succeed.

However, all the nobles of the royal palace had no choice but to take a look at me to some extent.

What happens at the moment when you stand out when you cross the line.

They've seen it once recently.

The list of nobles who tried to take money from the rest of the world in Heinz's territory was handed over to Barris, who, at the king's command, stepped forward and sent all of them to the execution site.

I was only trying to show the fact that if I went wrong, I would be given a title, a trumped-up and executed, but to the present aristocrats, I would only be seen as a huge hand hidden behind a simple reign of terror.

Eoni-Shia must be so afraid of me because she must have heard of such a royal palace.

"Well... I know I shouldn't ask you this."

The careful speaker clenched his fist.

Then he looked down at me.

"Send me to Betelstrok, engineering country."

"Betelstruck?"

It is a country with significant development in alchemy in the central continent. In a simple sense, it was also a place with the highest level of technology in the country.

"Yes, I... ..I want to know more about alchemy and engineering."

"Why are you asking me for that?"

I asked a question in accordance with pure questions, and he looked at me.

"Well... ...I'm the daughter of a sinner... ...so I can't do anything that's beyond the eyes of Davy's brother."

I sighed at the words.

"If you want to do something, you can do it."

"Ah..."

"Not just going to Betelstruck."

He opened his eyes wide at my words.

Then he urgently raised himself up to complain.

"Uh... What's the matter?" Betelstruck has an academy with famous scholars! Any noble or royal family has the right to enroll...!"

The gist of her remark was so. I want to go to the academy.

But I answered firmly.

"No."

"Uh... What's the matter?"

It is inevitable.

This continent is seemingly peaceful.

However, it has only stifled wars between countries, leaving most internal problems at the country's discretion.

The problem is that Betelstrok's wealth and appearance of the King's faction are very similar to what it used to be in the Kingdom of Lounn.

In my experience, there will be a civil war soon.

"There will be a civil war there soon. You're only 11 years old. It's still too young to hold out there."

It's really cute when you talk about it one by one. To be honest, 11 was too young.

He looked despondent at my calm answer.

Then something caught my eye.

"How about that?"

At my question, Eonisha was startled to hide the little mechanical device on her wrist.

It was a little rough and sloppy bracelet for Lady, who pursues beauty and elegance.

But I didn't care about that. The effect caught my eye.

"Oh... nothing."

"Did you make it?"

"......"

I slowly asked him again for his silent behavior.

"Did you make it?"

"...yes, it's a trifle."

"Would you like to show me?"

In my words, Eonisha put out her small arms to me with a stiff face.

It was a rugged, monotonous, and sloppy mechanical device.

However, the effect itself was very basic. And, more than anything.

It was a novel idea.

A watch?

"Eonisha."

It was not long before I called Eonisha slowly and he looked at me with a nervous face.

"Have you made it easy for anyone to check the time?"

"How do you... how do you..."

"You. Won't you do business with your brother?"

I'll give you the technical skills. I'll teach you. The technology I learned from the alchemist teacher Ivar is a long way ahead of the technology here.

"Business... you mean?"

"Yeah, I'll teach you a lot of skills without going to Betelstruck. I can teach you as much skills as you want until you grow up. I'm just providing you with the ideas you have."

As a child, the idea is rather more novel. It's amazing where he learned such engineering skills, but Eoni-Shia certainly seemed quite talented with this line of work.

Like that clunky watch on your wrist right now.

"Let's start with the contract, seven to three. Of course, I'm 7 considering providing technical skills and self-control. I'll give you all the support. And I'll show you the skills you want."

"The..."

There are conditions, however."

With my smile, he looked at me without knowing anything.

"Do you know what a life contract is? Eoni-Shia."

My favorite contract is the slave contract I offer and the one I hate the most is the slave contract others provide.