309 # 309

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Thirteenth and Seventh Episode

"What kind of... ..."

I opened my eyes in a strange mood as I skimmed through the report without answering to Eonisha looking up at me with an uneasy look.

I knew she had never had a proper alchemy or engineering education in the first place.

During the reign of Queen Liness and the Duke of Barieta, Eonisha, who had been confined to her palace while refraining from entering the palace, loved to read from an early age.

I knew that's why she read a book about this field.

'That's more than I thought.'

I breathed a short sigh, hiding admiration inside.

Perhaps because of that, Eonisha looked up at me with a child's unique anxious expression.

"Can't... can I?"

"May I ask what you thought you planned this for?"

At my question Eonisha hesitated with a look of tears in her face.

"Well...that's... ..."

Eonisha, who eventually burst into tears as she thought I was angry because I was dumbfounded, shed transparent tears.

"I'm...I'm sorry. I'm...I'm sorry."

When I saw him crying after being frightened by the reaction that he didn't want to know what was wrong, I thought he was definitely a child.

I'll... I'll do it again."

"No, you don't have to."

His eyes were wide open to my cold reaction.

He must have thought I was disappointed.

"Well, that's... ..I'll do it right this time! I can do better!"

He's stubborn.

Eonisha did not know that the premise was wrong in the first place.

"You don't have to do it again, there's nothing to find fault with."

Eonisha's eyes opened round at my horse.

"I don't need any great inventions. Tell me exactly what you wanted to make."

"......he, um... ..a watch that everyone can use conveniently..."

"Right. If you add this and that to a watch, of course the common people won't spend it on expensive money."

What matters is how cheap and manageable it is.

We have to question why not in this case."

Eonisha's eyes were wide open again at my words.

"And you have to appeal. What did you come up with this? And how to make this happen. At least to become an alchemist or engineer, you need to have that level of sophistication."

"Ah..."

"You're not going to be under me forever, are you?"

To be exact, it's a life contract, so I don't want to release it.

To be honest, if he really wanted to stand on his own one day when he really grew up, I was going to tear up the life contract for just a few provisions.

"So. Do you think this is possible?"

"Well... I saw in a book that there was a light and strong white tree among the trees!"

He scurried out an explanation.

"A... light, cheap and strong material. You don't have to be too strong! Even if you use it for a long time, you don't have to use it for too long and it has to be cheap!"

He was a natural.

At the age of the earth, he is only in the high school of elementary school. At an age when she should have fun playing simply, the child had all kinds of thoughts to make her dream come true.

No matter how young the royal aristocrats are, the child is only a child.

Frankly speaking, boys and girls of average young age who grew up nicely, not in cases like Barris, Winley or Tanya, were usually immature.

In that sense, Eoniqia would have grown up quite nicely, but it was different.

"The common people have to use it, too! I read in the book... ...the common people do a lot of bad things. That's why they get water and mud! Mercenaries say they get shocked often because of fighting!"

Therefore, he chose a white tree that does not worry about being wet and broken or breaking down due to frequent shocks.

The white tree is a mysterious tree that is almost waterproof except for its roots.

In the first place, the plan itself is not a completely ruined item by water, but it is like using waterproof wood to prevent the tree from becoming damaged or the internal parts from being damaged by water.

White trees, unlike other trees, are famous for eating light and insects.

Unlike other trees, it was a tree with extremely low moisture requirements. On such a topic, it was a tree that was hard enough to withstand the shock because it was mainly a windy area.

It is also a material that can be recognized quickly by anyone interested in alchemy.

"There's a problem, isn't there? This watch you planned needs to process the white tree. But how are you going to handle a broken tree instead of being cut off by bringing a decent knife?"

He muzzled at my question.

Then he replied with a tearful, unassuming voice.

"Well, you know... if you spray water on the roots, it's going to keep the water in and it's going to be full of moisture, so it's going to be soft."

"Why do you think so?"

"That's... ..that's what I thought..."

How's Davey doing?

'That's creepy.'

It comes from the idea of a pure child.

Originally, most of them were to laugh off, but there was such a unique characteristic that I could admire how much Eonisha had read.

The current pension school in the Tionis continent, which I have collected, did not even think of using white trees in this way in the first place.

Most of them only looked at the solid material and waterproof effects of white trees.

Eonisha's suggestion was correct. Of course, you should use a special solution, not water, but the idea itself was incredibly sharp.

As for me, I was interested in whether this frightened and treacherous younger brother could do it.

"I've contacted the Dwarf craftsmen, so if you go and tell them, they'll leave what they're doing and help them."

"I... are you all right?"

I nodded at his question.

"What?"

"Well... it seems like they're all doing something very important."

That's right.

The production of additional Golem in the Decepticon formation and the production of the Avengers squadron are also busy. In addition, there is no proper plan yet to be planned by drawing surplus power from the power generation facilities and the facilities that have not yet been completed.

"I'll help you."

But they didn't have to worry too much because they also wanted to do so in the first place.

Humans on the continent can do things that they couldn't realize due to a lack of technology.

Dwarf, called a technical race, and elves who communicate with spirits or natural plants. And there is a technology source at the level of over-technology on the basis of the Tionis continent.

"You'll be fine. Let's make it your own way."

In my words, Eonisha nodded with a face full of enthusiasm and ran away.

I don't think there's much he can do right now.

There is definitely something in Eoni-Shia's head that will bring her ideas to reality.

"There's nothing wrong with any invention with the grindstone."

You're a vicious man.

It wouldn't take long.

How much of an invention in the name of an 11-year-old girl will have an impact.

* * *

fifteen days

During that time, I forced Amy to take a vacation and send her back to her hometown, and I took a peek at the opportunity, dealing with the subtly blocked territorial issues one by one.

"Your Majesty, this is a letter from the royal family and the Holy Tree."

"At the same time?"

"Unfortunately, they arrived around the same time."

At that remark, I took out the document without a word.

Then, they were able to pick up the common parts of the two correspondence.

It is clear that radical vampires continue to move and attract people, but there are no rules, and it is not easy to specify because it is such a huge movement.

Of course, from the outside, it seems.

"Down?"

"Yeah, good job. Go in and rest. I'll take care of the rest."

On a short congratulatory call, the chief of the bell of Bernil gave a strange look.

"Ha, why don't you take a little break?"

I hesitated at his words.

"Break? What's left of me is time."

"No way. I know you haven't enjoyed your leisure time comfortably lately."

I lost my words and began to eat at the words of General Bernil.

"Did you?"

"I haven't been down in a long time. When you look in a person's eyes, you can see his or her psychology to a certain extent."

He smiled lightly, speaking calmly.

"You must be very tired."

"Really? Then I'll relieve my fatigue."

"Huh, a good destination..."

"No, let's find a place to relieve stress."

To relieve stress, there is nothing like beating and breaking.

We've finally got them moving.

"You need to pull down the guys who know they're playing on top of their heads.'

If you're caught looking around and playing pranks, you'll get beaten severely.

When I got up from my seat, I opened the window without hesitation and reached out my hand. A large eagle that flew from the sky gently sank on my arm.

If you receive an eagle with sharp claws, you'll get hurt badly if you hit it with your bare arms.

Surprisingly, the eagle sank down as neatly as if it had cleaned its claws.

There is only one group in my life that uses amazingly well-trained eagles as a precursor.

"Vernil, the chief of staff. I'm sorry, but I'll be gone again. Please take good care of me."

"Where are you going this time?"

I`m going to relieve my stress, as the chief executive said."

"Goodbye."

He did not ask why or why he was emptying the land.

As just a man, Mosi calmly saw off the owner's path.

[David] I could see the element you were talking about. There was an order from the top to find out why. If possible, appear in person with the Knights...]

Now I'm not an apprentice, I'm an official member.

The difference is a big law.

This method is often used in strategy.

The act of drawing the attention of the other person through various actions and then continuing to make small gains.

The kidnapping of radical vampires is definitely an act of purpose, but that may not be the main thing.

Then the only element they find that has nothing in common is what they are after.

We can't put in a lot of people because we should not be seen as much as possible.

It was simpler than I thought.

I have a lot of snow on this continent.

I smiled a cool smile at Lünne, who came quickly from afar.

"Lünne, let's go to your hometown for a little bit of a back-breaking."

"Very highly valued!"

Lünne, who had a very boring time at the tower, seemed to have accumulated a lot in the meantime, as the name of the battle golem.

As soon as I saw him shouting and clinging to me, I immediately activated the ring I had put on my finger.

* * *

Drum roll!!!

"Come on, move."

"We don't have enough time."

Men wearing black lobes move quickly inside the black forest.

Wearing grotesque lobes covering the entire face like fanatics' costumes, they had a seemingly dangerous atmosphere.

Men on the back of a lizard with a blue scale quickly began to dash through the forest.

Then, a carriage pulled by small lizards followed the procession.

It was as if a thief stole things and ran away, but sadly, no one followed the tens of thousands of them.

As those wearing black lobes moved in the dark forest, it felt like they were assimilated around them.

I was moving fast in the cold forest to the point where I could breathe well.

The fast-moving procession soon stopped the lizards when they saw a huge rock blocking the road in front of them.

"Stop!"

The procession stopped at once at the cry of the man at the front.

"The road is blocked. I'm sure you didn't have this when you came."

"It looks like there was a landslide as we entered the forest. Look over there."

The leader, who raised his head at the words of a man wearing a robe, drooled at the sight of the broken mark as if suggesting a rock had fallen from the cliff.

"We don't have time. I want you to bring these to me quickly."

Poof!!!!

It was not even before the words were finished.

For a moment, a flash of light seemed to flash in the black forest, but a purple flare blew up a couple of men in the back.

Then, before the frightened Robes could react, a small silver-haired girl who popped out of the forest flew up like a flash of light and struck down a dark-colored croissant bar in her hand.

Whoooooooooong!!!

Shock waves spread to the point where it was hard to see a simple metal swing out, crushing the lobes in the range like rats.

The sudden roar caused the lizards to roar and make a disturbance, and the surviving lobsters quickly began to panic as their ranks were twisted.

"I... what?!"

I'm sure no one knows they're here. Why did this happen?

I was about to shout at a situation that the leader of the robe in the lead could not understand.

His new model collapsed as the lizard he was riding collapsed.

Then someone's relaxed voice came very close to his ear falling to the floor.

"Come on in. You thought I didn't know, huh?"

The boy with red eyes was clearly not there until just now.

But the boy was standing in front of his eyes when he came.

In an instant, the blue sword in the boy's hand seemed to flash, and all the protective magic on his body came off for a moment.

And

At the instant, the boy's hand snatched his head and threw it into the ground.