306 # 306

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Fourteenth Book

"Hey, you skipped your meal again."

a little cabin in the woods

A bright blonde girl asked with a slight frown.

"......"

The man who did not answer did not even look at the girl.

"Are you the kind of person who can live without eating?"

When asked by the girl, Ilina de Palan, he did not answer.

It was almost a coincidence that he was dying of fatal wounds in the dense forest.

At the end of her menopause training, she was quite surprised that there was another presence inside this forest, only known to the Imperial family of the Empire.

The presence of a man was like a welcome guest to her, who had been wielding a sword for a long time without meeting people.

Isn't it normal to train the lungs in caves?

She did so at first, but after a series of processes, she began using the entire forest as a training ground.

Thanks to him, I was able to find a man.

She took him to the little cabin where she lived, treated him, and distributed food.

He was a man who didn't even get up properly at first, but he recovered to the point where he could talk with his eyes open for a few days.

"It was dangerous enough to have to be treated urgently, but now you're skipping meals, and you're going to die again after you've saved everything that was dying?"

Illina approached him slowly, frowning openly, perhaps annoyed by the man's unanswered attitude.

Seureung!

And when she approached him, the man raised a black air and pointed it at Illinois' neck, as if he were no longer approaching him.

"......"

"I'm not surprised."

It was a calm question.

"I thought I'd be wary of the presence of commanders."

"There's no reason to be hostile to someone you know because they have a head coach mana when they're writing about it. Could you clean up a bit more than that's all. But I think it's kind of like this attitude to Eun-in."

The man didn't take any action against Ilina's words.

"Why did you save me?"

"Why did you save him?" It's not funny. Isn't it natural to save someone who's dying? You're not some vampire."

"Do you know vampires?"

"More than I thought."

Illinois has a considerable grudge against vampires. But not for other races.

"You're an odd man."

"I didn't save you to hear that, so listen. What do you call it?"

"......"

"How frustrating!"

Frustrated, she reached out to snatch up the black air stream with one hand.

The reflexively surprised man erased the sharply slanted black air flow, but if he did a little wrong, he would have been seriously injured.

"You know, you didn't mean to hurt me."

Speaking calmly, she sat on the bed where the man was lying and held out a spoonful of soup she had prepared.

"I don't know what's wrong with you, but when you die, you just help me because I feel awkward in my dream, so don't get me wrong."

"......"

"What are you going to do if you live on it? You're going to die without struggling stupidly?"

"......you could have left me alone."

"You're funny."

Frown, she gave a cynical smile.

"If you just let it go, you're dead, you know?"

"......"

"So don't annoy me and just shut up and eat."

The man slowly opened his mouth after watching Illina for a long time, when he drew in the spoon with forcefully.

"That's right, good."

Illina then fed the soup into his mouth with a bright face as if she had lost all her irritation.

"My friend, you know. I'm a doctor. I use a sword and a magic trick, but I also do medicine."

At Illina's words, the man mumbled without saying anything.

"Even if he says it's the enemy to beat him to death. If you're sick, beat them to death after treatment."

She went on calmly, reminiscing.

"Well, I don't have any medicine, so it's all about simple first-aid treatment and the injection of divine power."

"......"

growl

"You must have been very hungry. Here, one more spoonful. I have so much food in stock that I can't eat it all by myself until I die."

The man clicked his tongue at her words.

"One day you'll be very sorry."

"Well, you don't mean anything to me, do you? I'm quick to sense things."

"......"

"My name is Illina. Illina de Palan. What's your name?"

The man, who was persistent in asking, mumbled the soup for a long time and slowly opened his mouth.

"Bell."

"Bell?"

He nodded quietly at the question of Illinois.

"It's Belial. Call it Bell."

He continued with a calm face.

"Human, why are you in this forest? I don't think it's a forest for humans to live in."

"It's because of the training. I don't know, but this forest is a private property of the Palan Empire. And I'm training to get over the wall."

"Are you trying to cross the sodmaster?"

"Yes, you look like a sodmaster or higher already. I envy you."

At her words, Barrier slowly closed his eyes as he looked at Caldiras on one wall.

"That's ridiculous."

"Are you mean?"

He looked like he couldn't understand what was wrong with Illinois.

"I will not forget the grace."

At the short answer, there was a light smile on Illinois' lips.

There's a doctor who treats people with this sense of happiness.

The smile on her face was altruistic and beautiful.

* * *

"Huh?"

At the tower Lindh Hall, there was a calm procession of funerals.

Elder Bram VI was killed.

He was one of the great elders of the Blue Tower, and he was a great man who was said to be in the seventh circle like the great sage Helison Valestia.

It was said that such a man was killed while studying something in his lab on the enemy tower.

It was clear that the old man, who said that the eight-circle was beyond reach, was definitely the limit of human beings at level six.

What do you mean, a portrait? The tower doesn't have a good atmosphere either.

'You have to get out of the point.'

"Welcome."

Helison Valestia, a visionary who welcomed me calmly, seemed unable to hide her feelings of sadness.

"I'd like to you."

"Although... ..I'm happy to see the change in Bram VI, the Lord is indifferent."

"Can a magician believe in God?"

"There is divine magic, which is proof of God's existence, and I can't believe it."

He stood up, speaking calmly.

Then slowly poured the wine into two glasses and held it out to me.

"It's a drink when an important star falls from the tower. I'll have a drink for you."

"I won't refuse."

The taste of wine was surprisingly fresh and sweet because it was a drink under special circumstances.

In my answer, he swirled the glass around without a word.

"Bram and I weren't on the good side. We often didn't stop arguing over each other's opinions."

I just listened silently to his complaining remarks.

"But his pure desire to explore magic was acknowledged more than anyone else. Even though I was in the 7th circle first... ...maybe he would have been in the 7th circle if I had been there for another 10 years."

I asked the question calmly at the bitter mumbling.

"Did you sort out who the unsub was?"

"Colin IV... ...no, to be exact, it's the right thing to call him Colin. He's already decided to be kicked out of the Blue Tower."

Speaking quietly, he took out a small crystal ball.

"It's a surveillance video game set up inside the tower. Colin was photographed there."

The crystal ball contained the scene of Bram and Colin arguing and the scene of Colin killing Bram.

What was surprising was that the magic he showed was not up to four circles of magic.

"It's a five-circle windless cutter. Looking at the usage time, I don't think you just became a 5 circle wizard."

My guess was that he had no surprise.

"Where did he go?"

"I'm trying to track it all down... ..but I haven't heard any news yet."

"I'm sorry."

He has already left with radical vampires.

How can I find a man who's already hidden?

The Colin I saw simply has a considerable sense of hostility toward me. There was no sign of being encouraged by vampires.

As seeing fate does not foretell the future, the only way to know his change first is to hope that the power of abyss borrowed from simple Persheck will provide a large service.

He meant that the term "comprehensive power" should not be used for nothing.

"Just in case, I see similar cases everywhere."

"A similar case?"

"Maybe it's just a coincidence, but in my short knowledge, they all seem to be related."

What he said seemed more relevant than I thought.

There were people all over the continent who suddenly went missing through a similar route to Colin.

Although it is a common world for people to disappear, strange events like Colin's situation are bound to be noticeable.

Having a brief conversation about the situation, I left the wise man's office and headed straight to the room that Winnie and I had been given.

As expected...

"Davie, Lünne is very dissatisfied."

There will be a sulky Lünne waiting.

Lünne's face, rushing to my lapel and openly complaining, was cold.

His usual expression was still there, but somehow he was very angry.

"Has everything been all right?"

"I don't think so. Unusuality, report that Winley exists."

I looked up at her words.

Just in time, WINRI, who was coming out of the hotel, found me and opened my eyes wide.

"Orabani!"

Winnie was wearing a robe worn by the Red Tower wizards.

WINRI didn't belong to the tower, so wearing that outfit.

"You're in the Red Tower."

"Oh... you just figured it out. I was going to surprise you. Hehe."

WINRI, who washes away my tangled clothes, poked out her tongue.

"Yulice invited me to a small research team that she made this time. You said you needed the help of a talented wizard who was already in the 4th circle at a young age."

I nodded quietly at his answer.

I'm sure YOSHIA did, but WINRI's level was not even higher than YOSHIA.

Even though he was not educated at a magic school, he achieved the situation through actual warfare, so Winley's talent shines, although he has different directions.

"So I'll be here for a while."

"I don't want you here when the tower is in a mess."

"Uhhhhhhhhm.

From the expression on his face, he seemed to really want to stay here.

"You can do it if you want to."

I looked at Lünne for smiling.

"Lunne, what about Annabelle?"

"In the hands of the Hines, we're having a monthly wage thief. We think he's a very laid back.

"I'll have to get him. Protect WINRI's safety for a while."

Enabel, the only member of the Avenger Squadron, the new Golem Squadron, has a smaller combat capability than Decepticon, but magical capabilities and efficiency in many ways exist above the Decepticon Squadron.

Therefore, if he is the one who can protect Winnie without attracting any attention, Enabelle will be the right one.

The Avenger Squadron was originally intended for rear support, not for forward combat.

Of course, there is a considerable distance from the Red Tower and the Hines estate, but that's a couple of warp magic.

"Thank you very much! Brother!

"There are conditions instead. Never overdo it. If you get treated unfairly..."

Be sure to say.

Tell me everything without leaving a single thing. If there's a guy who treats you unfairly.

I'll break down this endless tower.

Winley grinned as if she had taken my words as a joke.

"Yulice, I need to talk to that guy."

You know what, the age difference is, but he keeps trying to reach out.

This is no use raising a daughter.Donnie!

Winley, that child is not your daughter.

I don't know!

"Davie, another report."

"Hmm?"

Lünne pulled out a small piece of paper from my pocket.

It was a precursor to making contact.

Usually, a lot of communication is made with a magic crystal ball, but a magic communication port was still a work that had to be equipped with various requirements.

In a small letter bearing the royal seal of the Loun Kingdom I could realize that it was Varys who sent it.

Then, my eyes knitted momentarily when I opened the letter.

The content was like this.