319 # 319

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Thirteen

Davy, you know this could turn into an international problem, right?

"I don't care, there's already been a case."

But...

"And, now or when do we experiment? The tower is the best place to experiment.

The ones I use now will not exist but me in the future.

Even if you don't want to release it somewhere else, you should be a seven-circle wizard if you can figure out the principles of it.

"When wizards concentrate on research on a tower, their heads become hardened. Sometimes I have to get some fresh air and exercise. That's why only the belly comes out."

As he made fun of the communication, Helison's voice made me feel strange anxiety.

"Your Majesty the Emperor Deorte played some pretty interesting tricks in the Lindis Empire. Do you know?"

There's no way you don't know.

He has the title of a great prophet who deduces a lot of things with simple information.

[I know...]

"It's similar. Don't worry about it. Well, it's not because you have a feeling of deterrence."

[Well... Davey, you're not!]

I, who spoke calmly, slowly got up from my seat and bounced.

As soon as the lightly floated body floated into the air, I waved my hand to take a bag out of the subspace and shake it off in the air.

Inside, there were dozens of capsules with skull patterns in strange colors.

"This is what the wise man has brought on himself."

[Hey, calm down for a second, what the hell are you going to do!]

"Hey. What are you doing? It's just a present."

Delivery from hell.

Slurping...

Capsules sprayed into the air began to come to mind one by one.

Don't use this sword, which is called the dream of prosecutors, for such a thing.

"Oh, I don't know."

PING!!

Capsules that began to fly quickly along the fingers began to snuggle through the red tower's windows, doors, or vents.

And

As if I had waited, I threw the light bulb in my hand into the air.

"It's very interesting if you know the principles. If you understand this, I don't know if I can make it into 8 circles."

Wait! What are you going to do to the Red Tower?

"A. I don't know if I'm going to break down the tower. Don't worry."

Boom!

The light bulb, which popped up in the air, exploded with a faint sound from the end spire of the red tower.

Argh!!!

At the same time, the green shock wave scattered for a moment, creating a huge gale and shock wave.

Let's go! Fission!

The splitting of the particles is dangerous, as there is a random chain reaction.

So the new weapon effect designed to spread to a certain extent.

Let's take a look.

In a flash, a special mana curtain surrounded the Red Tower.

Inside, huge shock waves exploded one after another, and the manas began to evaporate in unison.

For a magician, a mana is like a part of his body.

"So you need to work out."

I've started working, strong body can not be upset if you had to leave. Do you know? I wonder if I can break the window and jump off the smoke.

The average person dies at this height.

"Oh, I don't know."

Knock, knock!

When the top-floor window of the tower was pushed open casually, Helison Valestia's surprised face was seen looking into the communication crystal ball.

"Yes, Davey, how can you... how can you..."

"I came in a hurry. Your reaction is not good."

"Over there, it's dangerous, there's a fourfold barrier to the window. And they're dangerous, so you're dangerous...

"Failure? Was there such a thing?"

Speaking in a relaxed tone, I slowly opened the window and opened it.

Then four golden spheres rolled around on the palm of his hand.

I don't know what the principle is, but I couldn't understand what the phrase was if I had that sense.

"Are you talking about this?"

His face was shocked, confused, and despondent by my question.

"Oh, my God... that's the Fracture Magic? How did you... ..."

"How long? Just tear it off and roll it like a ball."

It's a lie.

"That's ridiculous...... did you break up the unidentified Mana shock wave that just exploded on the tower?"

"How do you look?"

"I've never heard of Manna evaporating in such a chain. It's like a natural enemy to a magician."

"It's not magic."

His eyes opened up at my calm words.

"What?"

"It's a weapon. It's a weapon. Don't do that. Great sage."

Smiling and entering the window, I sat across from him and said.

"Let's play a game with me as a hostage from now on. If you win, I'll teach you a magic that'll help you."

He faced me in silence at my words.

"On the contrary, if I win."

I'm going to explode the csickness bomb all over this tower.

"For your information, I've been struggling so far, but I won't let it go this time."

* * *

"Yes, sir..."

I heard the old man's pain.

Thump!!

At the same time, one of Old's words, which he believed, was surrounded by my words and disappeared.

"Look, Prince Davy. Oh, just pass me one."

"What's wrong with you, Hyun-ja?""

"Huh, didn't we do this for fun? It wouldn't have been such a big deal to cause an accident on the red tower."

"I know."

Doing what you've just done to make me laugh and rush to death.

"For your information, it ends in three days. It's difficult if you don't find it."

His face hardened with concentration at my words.

Then he opened his eyes and looked up at me.

"Huh... ..you had fun teasing the old man."

"That's not a lie."

"Hmm?"

"Like this."

I moved a horse and he looked down at the board curiously.

Then he opened his eyes wide.

"No way!"

"It's too late, isn't it? It's going to pop?"

"Hey, hey, Davey! Ask for something else! The unidentified wavelength that exploded just now is a disaster for the Red Tower! You were responsible for the Manna explosion in Shakuntala."

"Well, I don't know."

He squinted at me as he deftly took off his countenance.

"Don't say that. Tell me. This old man knows best that you're not the kind of person who'll come to see him because of this. What do you want?"

"I'm in a bit of trouble if you take the initiative like that."

"Huh! I doubt you're a teenage boy. I feel like I've seen a worn-out greeting in the political arena for decades."

"I'm building an academy on the Hines estate. We expect it to be completed in a few months at the earliest."

"Academira..."

"I'm going to teach swordsmanship, magic, medicine, spirits, Neo-Confucianism, economics, alchemy, culture, and more."

He put down what he was holding as if he were interested in what I said.

"Yeah. Tell me the details."

"But the system is a little different."

It is a different system from other academies.

"Every student's face scholarship, except for failing, should go basic."

"I don't think it's a small burden."

"That's all right. There's nothing more expensive than weapons anyway."

In my words, he seemed to realize what weapon I was talking about.

"The shock waves that surrounded the entire enemy tower... ...will have a tremendous impact when they become known to the world."

"I suppose so, but there will be no one to make it in the future."

That's the problem.

"Why are you so sure?"

"I'm saying that if you don't have at least seven-circle master-class skills, you can't do it."

He gave me a dejected smile.

"I see, that's why you came to this old man. As a warning."

"You are a man of character and wise, and I believe you know what will cause more stir."

"Yes, the scholarship system is nothing new. Well, what's the difference?"

"I will accept students of all races, all classes and all classes."

His expression hardened at my words.

"You... ..maybe."

"If you were afraid of opposition, you wouldn't have thought about making it. My wise man, in the world."

I said quietly, smiling.

"There are people who want to learn but can't. There are a lot of kids who are talented but can't bloom and fall down."

"......"

"That's why we build a school for them. If you have the right to learn, you can learn everything."

"But it can be blamed for discrimination."

"I suppose so. That's why I'm here."

I'm looking for advice.

He gave me a bitter smile on my smile.

"Huh, a young man is so determined and bossy about an old man... ...what else do you want?"

"Put the stove in the stove, please. I need to find someone to be a magic school teacher. Frankly speaking, it would be nice if Hyun-ja could be the dean herself, but she's also a busy person and Lindhall's position, so I don't want that."

"Okay, then I'll put a condition on this side."

He spoke calmly, but his eyes were filled with desire.

"The magic tool that created the shock wave... ...can you show me?"

At the words, I quietly showed him a spout of sparks taken out of the subspace.

"Ho... this...

Holding a sprock-sparking sphere in his hand, he began to look around.

"You... may I ask you a question."

"Speak."

"How did you build this?"

I answered his question with a grain of salt.

"Some lunatic threatens to burn it to a Hellfire if he doesn't solve the core theory within three days."

"Heh... Hellfire?"

"Yes."

There is no lie in the hero's corridor.

Frankly speaking, not a single person had a normal teacher.

Even the gentle Death Road, Roa Ias.

* * *

Davey, you've planted cs cars all over the tower. What are you going to do about that?

"Oh, that?"

After leaving the Red Tower and returning to the Hines estate, I flew to the plains where the F-class students and Lünne were being tangled excitedly and threw one hand.

PING!

At the same time, a small spark occurs at the fingertips.

"I'll blow it up."

Oh, my God... the impact of the mana emp still hasn't gone away.

"You said you gave me a small gift."

And

I don't think you know it well, but the Hellison Valestia sage has lost the game to me.

I'm a bit grumpy to get out of the situation with words.

That's awful.

"We'll discuss it next time."

I sent you a list of F-classmen from Shakuntala Middle School. Is that not your fault?

I hesitated at the word.

"Oh, I don't know! You have to go through that to work out!"

You're not even funny... ...and she won't give you any advice even if it gets into an international problem.

I didn't think about it any more.