310 # 310

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 13th and the 8th Episode

Drum roll!!!

Lünne began to collect particles without a word at the sight of the rapidly moving blue lizards and the phosphorus of the lobes on them.

Then he made a crouba, held it in one hand, implemented a cover in the other hand, and pulled out a light saver.

"Davie, I'm waiting for orders."

"Don't touch anything. Take care of a few of them and subdue the others."

"Mission accomplishment."

With the words, Lünne's eyes twinkled.

[Decepticon Squadron, Sniper] permission to shoot Target is a battlefield]

Two bang!!!

Starting with the mysterious voice that came out of Lünne's mouth, purple coal flies from the other side of the cold wind forest.

At the same time, it was a moment for Lune, who crouched down, to attack them, scattering bright light powder.

Seeing Jin-hyung, who quickly became a father, I quickly approached In-young of Rob, who was at the forefront.

[Monthly report]

[King Jürg's Crowd Controller]

[Hitting the bone]

Boom!

With a gruesome sound, Frosty Rizard, who had strong legs running in the lead, collapsed.

At the same time, he snatched Rob's man, who lost balance and bounced into the air, and landed him on the ground.

"Come on in. You thought I didn't know, huh?"

Argh!

He couldn't even scream because of the blood, so he was definitely the one I was looking for.

But the rest was a little surprising.

In an instant, Rob's men began to strike back.

They were the ones who resisted Lünne's attack by casting a memory-riding magic on a lid that shoots cold air-breathing.

But what good is that?

Two bang!!!

Unlike his slender appearance, Lünne has his own style of fighting toughness.

It was safe to say that there was no mercy in his hands in Lünne's attack, which struck out the flying sword with his bare hands and then smashed the crouba in the center of his face.

Some might be a little afraid of her for actions that do not show an inch of mercy toward the enemy, but I was in favor of Lünne's own way.

On the contrary, they are easily suppressed to the point where there is no feeling of losing steam.

The only survivors were some of the men that Lünne had left behind and one man who was overpowered by my hands.

"Davie, these are human beings."

Soon there was a report from Lünne, who took off his hood.

"Check it out."

"In line with the expected number of abductees. I believe David's predictions are correct."

At the words, I quietly took off the mask of the man I was overpowering.

A pale-skinned man appeared when the mask, which was covered up like a fanatic, came off.

One intermediate vampire, most of them brainwashed.

It was more difficult to find because it was at this level with honest appreciation.

"You don't know how many traps I've set up all over the forest to find you."

"Kkkkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"Okay, let's see what you tried to take so hard."

Throwing him, who fell motionless, I removed the cloth from the wagon that was being transported as if protected in the middle of the procession.

Uh-huh.

At the same time, Persec's face was frowned upon.

And then I quietly opened my mouth as I was looking around the entire wagon.

"From now on, forget all the facts you have met with us."

The eyes flashed once, and seven circles of group hypnotism began to occur.

If the original purpose was to stop them from transporting these things safely.

Now it was necessary to change the way a little.

As long as the ban is imposed, they can't get the right information from their mouths.

However, in a situation where you can't be sure what your opponent is doing, pouring in the power of abyss is a big loss on this side.

Then what should we do?

I have no choice but to take advantage of the gold gap.

The condition of the ban is to divulge information about radical vampires.

In the end, there was nothing wrong with the information as long as it was not leaked.

However, there was something to check before that.

Davey.

I heard a call from Persec to confirm the wagon they were secretly transporting.

I mean you. Why are you just letting this go?

"Nothing."

You definitely said you wouldn't resurrect her as the devil.

"I did."

But they're just letting her build her body.

I was silent instead of answering the question.

"Yes, you honestly don't want to get into a tabooed body.

Human beings, beasts, and other little bodies are extremely dangerous.

The strength of the body will not be the problem, but how they use the body that is made of it later on.

"Think about it, Persec. Why does abyeon help vampires?"

She tilted her head at my words.

"They're trying to resurrect you as the devil. In that sense, it's a different enemy."

For Simyeon, all the creatures in the world on the front of the coin are enemies.

But you don't have to help vampires?

To create a disturbance?

It's just not funny.

If you're not...

"Maybe as soon as you settle down, you'll be swayed by vampires and eventually taken to the abyss.

At least that's what I can think of now.

Davy the Great Reds and the Devil are places to be kept under the name of the Lord. No matter how arbitrary the abyss is, it doesn't make sense to play with the god who controls the side of the coin.

That's right. That's usually the case.

So was the reason why she wanted to continue to take risks and become the devil.

Shim-yeon will not be able to touch her if she becomes the demon king and becomes a great enemy, and if I cut her down, Shim-yeon will lose her again and not be able to find her.

That's how it's been avoided for 3,000 years.

The reason why her soul was not in the loop of reincarnation may not have been just a matter of sealing.

Ignoring her opinion, I was looking through the luggage inside the wagon, and soon opened the lid of the jar, which smelled stale.

In there...

The heart of the creature was full.

"It's the heart of the beast. It's definitely a strong heart."

At the time of the Reinforce Alpha Knights class, it was said that there are some cases where DNA is absorbed and strengthened whenever the opponent is eaten.

Although alien life seems to be a rising trait, what is important is that they have a rough idea of how they make the devil's body.

"You're almost finished with the Devil's body."

You're almost done?

"Physical ductility. It's a taboo duct made from the stone of a wise man. It's one of the taboo lists of the goddess Priya... ...but they seem to be ignoring it with the power of abyss."

......what if there's a problem with breaking the taboo?

"Well, there are a lot of problems with breaking the taboo, but I know very little about it."

I've only heard of it, but I've rarely done it myself when it comes to taboos.

But... ..the wise man's stone?

"There was only one vampire who could do this."

alchemist milkyoo

The pink-haired vampire could do it. It was a mysterious object with a wise man's stone in its body.

I don't know if it's innate or if it's transplanted by someone.

"Even if moderate vampires aren't a big problem, radicals should be wiped out. When you're ready, it's time to end the war."

I picked up a fragment of my heart and slowly began to pour out my manna.

It was necessary to engrave it carefully and meticulously, as it would be discovered before it could be reached properly.

As it happens to be the heart that accepts Manna.

There were two magic tricks I engraved.

And

The moment one of the magic bursts.

The war is over.

* * *

"Davie!!"

As soon as I saw me, I heard the cries of two girls running with bright smiles.

"How long has it been!"

"That's right!"

A fierce-looking girl with pale pink hair hugged me without looking back.

Rather than a rational relationship, this fierce girl had a strong sense of motivation.

"Get off! Shire. What's wrong with Davey, who hasn't been here for a long time?"

"Oops... I'm sorry. "Heehee, it's been so long since I saw you."

A child is a child even though he has become a full member of the apprenticeship unit.

Although they are much more realistic and talented than the new chicks at the academy, most of them who are far from the world were on the pure side.

"How have you been? I can't see Illinois, so you're here alone?"

There was a murmur at the back of the twin spirits girls who chattered and asked if they had a lot to say.

"If you ask like that, the genius will be overawed. You guys! Ask me one by one!"

"Hag!"

Starting with Hague, a boy carrying a giant lemma on his back, Faldir the Paladine, and Lucia Shelman, a fanatic of Daphne, were also seen following.

"Oh, my God! Davy! Long time no see! The first saint, Daphne's protection..."

Her partner, Fildir, quickly restrained her as she looked like she was going to praise the first saint Daphne endlessly.

"What about Alisa Patrick?"

But unlike others, Alisa was not as visible.

"Well... ...Alisa belongs to Roaming Night. Besides, there must have been a political marriage story in the house this time."

I nodded quietly at the sight of them whispering about the rumor.

Even if the call-up order was issued, roaming-nights were only required to respond to the call only if it did not seriously disrupt their lives.

I had nothing to say even if I couldn't come. Previously, Alisa made fun of Illinois quite a bit on the same topic, but this time it was the opposite.

"Honestly, I didn't expect you to come. You've ignored all the calls, what's the matter?"

"I think I need to see some teachers."

Lucia Shelman fumbled at my words.

"If that's the case, leave it to me! I just happened to have something to do with Dr. Boris! I'm on my way, so let's go together."

I nodded quietly at her suggestion of dragging my arm.

Compared to when I first came here with Illina, Boris Tellman's big body didn't change much.

Also, the attack method of wielding two unique giant swords recklessly was still present, and the sword with traces of time was filled with the sword and hung.

"Long time no see. Mr. Boris."

"David, you're here! Otherwise, I've been waiting!"

"I... ..Mr. Boris. I'm here, too."

"Oh! I'm so sorry. Would you please report to teacher celia?"

"What's going on?"

Boris looked a little nervous when asked by Lucia Shelman.

According to a tip from the Davies, a little disturbing movement was found in Pandora`s area. I have something to tell you about him.

He didn't tell me anything about it when he was an apprentice.

It was because it was dangerous.

However, after the test, which had many problems the other day, the students who became regular members were teachers who did not go around because they were no longer dangerous because they were strictly knights.

"Let's go. Everyone's waiting."

I nodded quietly at the words.

* * *

Last Whispe. Entering the gathering of all the top articles of the Reinfos Alpha Knights, who work in Pandora's area, I suddenly threw my point.

"We need an army to fight."

"War?"

The expressions of the best knights are questionable in my words.

"No, look, Davy. What the hell are you talking about? I got a call from you, and I let you know as soon as I checked it out! Shouldn't we at least talk about what's going on?"

At the chant of a knight, I nodded to the thought that I had thrown too recklessly.

"The people you've found are vampires. It's been seen in Pandora's territory from time to time."

"I've already heard about them. Are they involved in this? For what?"

I answered Boris' question quietly.

"Among the vampires, radicals who have turned against Lord and joined hands with the Maids are trying to revive the demon king. It's clear that if you leave it alone, something very stupid will happen."

"Ma... the devil?"

I went on and on, ignoring the cries of the frightened.

"So I sent a bomb. You'll have to decide the moment one of the dozens explodes. Either this side is over or the vampire is over here."

I, speaking calmly, shone in my eyes.

"According to the Knights' Rules, there is no reason for the Knights not to come forward as long as they have identified enemies that pose a threat to the entire continent, not to the secular world."

"But I don't know anything about the scale or strength of my opponent."

A knight opened his mouth a little carefully.

"Davie, Danwon, it's true that you have overwhelming strength. And black magicians with vampires and horse-riding people on their backs attacked the old knights. They corrupted Gao, the leader of the Knights of the Traitor."

Then another knight opened his mouth.

"Yes, we have no reason to refuse it at all. But we still haven't recovered since that incident. And in that situation, we have the ability to bring out defense personnel who protect Pandora's territory."

"The bottom line is, we just need more soldiers."

The knights nodded at my words.

"I provide soldiers."

I, speaking calmly, took a small test tube out of the subspace.

It contained a transparent solution and a purple lump of flesh floating in it.

There was a final test before Layna's soul was laid to rest, so I used all my knowledge of the vampires I know to prepare a second bomb.

If the primary bomb is a physical explosive.

The second round will be about biochemical terrorism.

There can be no mercy on the enemy.

"It's a parasite that infects vampires. Once you divide, you'll eat two, four, eight, like a canary, endlessly dividing them into eight. And they listen to the top-notch objects."

"Oh, my God, you..."

"It's kind of destroying the common sense that zombies are the exclusive property of vampires and black magicians."

The knights' faces turned blue as if they were horrified by my smile.

I'm now claiming to infect vampires like zombies and let them fight among themselves.