312 # 312

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Thirteen volumes and Ten episodes

I watched Reina with breathless response.

"Oh, I shouldn't have done this."

Even though the color changed completely and became clear white, it felt new not to get old at all.

The wings that sprang up behind his back seemed to spread out at any time.

What do you mean no?

"You can't wake up already."

Looking at her silently, I called Lünne.

"Lune, Paru."

"I don't understand, but perform orders."

Even though Lünne was curious about what I said, he implemented Paru and stuck it out to me.

Davey?!

In response, I tried to stop her from waking up without hesitation.

"Uh...Ummm... no more, no more."

She murmurs quietly into silence.

"Phew. I almost threw it in."

When I threw Paru back to Lünne in cold sweat, Persek and Lünne looked suspicious at the same time.

"Davie, why are you taking the attackers?"

I was just about to destroy Reina. You

"Don't wake up now. You'll be in big trouble if you wake up when it's not adjusted."

There is no adjustment at all for her to wake up yet.

The biggest problem with her existence is the removal of her existence by the rules of the world.

No matter how strong the abyss is, the huge rule itself cannot be ignored carelessly.

So what I've done to Reina now is nothing more than a fraud.

This object is not the Layna you tried to wipe out.

The problem is that if she awakens without any such process, it will be a complete sham.

"I'd rather destroy the body and rebuild it."

Are you a psychopath?

"It's a little extreme prescription, but if you don't do this, you can't save it."

Poof!

Soon after, I installed a device similar to an oxygen mask around her mouth and pushed it into a test tube, and put my hands together.

I don't know the prayer, but the mindset itself is quite pious.

[Repair, Masuri.]

[Sept. Vocalization]

[Sanctuary]

The simple sanctuary magic stabilizes her body by sanctifying the area.

Reina, who was tossing her body lightly, fell asleep again with a calm expression, as if she was slowly stabilizing within the mythical area.

So when do you wake up?

"He'll wake up soon, but not immediately after the surgery. A few days at the shortest time, a month at the longest."

That's a big deal.

"Let's wait and see what's going to happen. Please mind your own business."

It's just a sense.

If the soul is successfully settled in Reina's body, it is time to use the rest of the seal stone.

Persec must think that I leave much room for the body that vampires make.

It doesn't make sense what she says.

That's why they can't break down the body.

I'm sure you think so.

As soon as she enters the body, as King Perserk, she will be resurrected.

In accordance with that, whoever it is, a great deficit is born.

The extent of the flow I could avoid was whether or not I would be a great deficit, but there was no choice that she was born the devil and that I would not be a great deficit.

Still, Raina's condition was better than I thought.

"I'm almost done."

When Eonisha returned to the Oval Office, I stopped what I was doing and looked at the little box he had brought.

It was a watch that had the perfect shape for a person's wrist.

"Let's see."

The watch he gave me was a masterpiece made by combining Eoni-Shia's ideas with the technology of the Dwarves.

If you ask me if it's just a great thing, I'll say yes.

It's not the quality, but the watch she made is an easy-to-use item.

The greatest invention in the world is not so great that it is difficult for anyone to touch it, but a convenient item that anyone can easily use.

In this regard, Eoniqia's watch tended to the latter.

"But there is a problem."

He hesitated and replied with a haggard face.

"Problem... ..will you see this?"

Then I showed a bunch of metal in a small box.

"What is it? I've never seen it before..."

"It's called Mana Circulation Stone. Unlike mana stone, you can't charge and flow large amounts of power."

"Ah..."

"With a good durability and manna around, we can maintain a lot of small energy."

"No way..."

"Of course, the metal itself is not very durable, so I'll throw it away after a few months of use."

Eonisha's eyes opened round at my horse.

"Well, I've never heard of such a substance anywhere!"

"That's right. I made it myself, but others would know."

The words filled Eonisha's eyes with curiosity.

"You made it yourself? Without any foreboding in such a short time?"

"Do I have to make it with the warning that I'm going to make it? Is this enough?"

"That's enough! I love you so much. Brother!

"Yes, there's nothing to love."

"Hmm!"

When Eonisha realized what she had said, she withdrew from me with a frightened look.

He was so happy that he knew what he had said.

"Well, that's... ..I'm sorry to have to say that..."

He seemed afraid that I would get angry at any moment.

So cute.

Smiling with soft eyes, I quickly let him go when Persec wanted to hug him right away.

"Well, that's all I can do for you. I'll have to do the rest myself, right? It's your job to coordinate opinions with technicians. I hope you get good results."

"Yes!"

I replied hurriedly as if I couldn't miss the opportunity, leaving the guy running away and disappearing behind me, I took out the contracts I had put in the drawer.

Then he smacked his lips.

"Well, let's rake in the money we earned from the grindstone."

Inside the document was an exclusive contract with one top.

The watch Eoniqia made was a small watch that was powered by a mana circulating battery made by me with a wristwatch that returned hour, minute, and second hand.

Usually, to know the time, they use the sun, a huge clock tower, or other magical artifacts. In addition, most of them lacked the technology to make such a cheap and convenient watch and did not have to do so.

However, the fact that anyone can easily access it this time, as it targets ordinary people, creates diversity in the customer base

commoners, mercenaries, merchants, and other knights who can't afford to spend money on small things.

"The more you take the bribe, the better it tastes."

Roll like a dog to get an exclusive contract.

Eoni-sha rolls and I take the money.

Lünne and Persec, who were watching the situation without a word, frowned at my sordid smile.

* * *

"What do you think is the most important thing when you make a new product? Eoni-Shia."

Eonisha, who was holding a small box in her arms dearly to my question, looked up at me.

"The most... the most important thing? Well, completeness?"

"Ding."

"Then it's like a heart to the people who use things..."

"What are you talking about, you're a philanthropist?"

"Well, then, time to reflect on the matter of the goods..."

"Ding."

I went out to the streets of Yeongji with him, who had declared all wrong.

Eonisha followed me without saying anything and just watched me questionably.

"The most important thing is. You're supposed to put saliva on it so the others won't eat it."

It is often called a monopoly of copyright.

There was a good system on Earth.

It's a patent.

"What you make is patentable from the Alchemy school. There's a branch of the largest pension school in the Hines estate. Let's go there."

Eonisha walked a little awkwardly in my words.

"Something... it's a very secular."

"Isn't that what a little boy does?"

"I am also an educated royal family."

I complained not to ignore it, but I didn't answer.

"Oh, my God! Welcome!"

On my sudden visit, a man, the head of the pension school Verse, rushed out in a hurry.

I'll be the most important VVIP customer for the tower, pensioners, or top managers here.

It was a natural result if it was natural because I visited it myself, not anywhere else.

"Nice to meet you. It's my first time seeing you in personally."

"Oh no! I've been informed that you're coming and I've prepared it! Come on! Let's eat! I'll give you a treat that will never disappoint you!"

Looking at the rushing branch manager, I said to Eonisha.

"Did you see? This is the position of the boss. You will learn how to be the boss from now on."

Is it important for me to learn alchemy or engineering?"

"Have you forgotten what's in your research?"

"...money..."

"That's right. It's brilliant."

You're teaching a kid a good thing.

Persek, who kicks his tongue, doesn't know yet.

Gapjil means that if you shout at the right level, your position will rise.

The head of the pension school's Versil branch greeted me in a very low manner, as if he had seen the division commander visiting the unit.

"Haha, I'm sorry for the lack of preparation."

That's what I'm saying, but I can tell from the fact that the best reception room is in the best car. Looking at the tension in the faces of employees working in the pension school, I could see how much I pecked before I came in.

"Ha-ha. I'm ashamed because it's a shabby place."

"No, that's enough. Rather, hospitality is excessive."

"Hahaha! I'll take it for you! But, uh, if you need anything, I could have called you in person."

"There's nothing good about being conspicuous."

"Hmm."

My words began to carry a complex psychology in his eyes. So I brought Eonisha and nodded to him, and he showed him a small box he had taken out of his arms.

At the same time, the branch manager's eyes opened when he found out exactly where the item was used.

After all, pensioners are businessmen.