313 # 313

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Thirteenth Book

You didn't gamble away your position as the head of the branch.

He realized the value of things in an instant and could hear the calculator running in his head.

"That's interesting. If you brought it here, not the tower, it's not a magical artifact."

"That's right. It's a small watch made by nature's mana using the power of motion."

Eoni-Shia explained her first invention with her eyes glistening like a favorite toy.

"Oh, my God... ...to draw the power of the manna circulating through nature. This is a real thing. Besides, the power that's the most problematic to implement doesn't seem to be a problem."

The branch manager, who was looking at the clock, looked at each part of the clock with a look of curiosity as if he was interested in something new, not the knowledge he knew.

Then he opened his eyes wide as if he had realized something.

"Oh, my God... who made this?"

"Well, that's."

"Eonisha made it herself."

"Wow, my lady?" Oh, my God. It's... it's amazing. Is it made of cedar? Oh, my God! It wouldn't have been easy to do such precise work with a white tree!"

"I processed it the way you taught me!"

"That's a great power! It uses the power generated by Mana circulation to save power! You don't need a lot of power, but you don't need a lot of power on the part. It's operating correctly!"

He sprang to his feet as if he had a fever.

"Prince! Please let me lead the way in obtaining patent rights! I will never let you down!"

At his cry, I looked at Eonisha without a word.

"Oh, what do I do?"

"What are you asking me, you have to decide what you made."

"Well, still..."

It`s okay to have problems. Think it's all an experience and do whatever you want."

In my words, Eonisha nodded after a long period of pondering.

As a child, I can't afford to think about complicated problems.

"Well, then, please! What should I do?"

"If you sign the contract first, I'll protect your patent rights under the name of that elic, the head of the Hines branch of our Versile School of Pension. In the future, this technology will not be used for commercial purposes without your permission."

At least it will be maintained if there is no war.

He continued to explain with curious eyes.

"In addition, your name will be registered under the name of the craft, and our pensioners will be certified by the Continental Union under the orders of the King of the Three Kingdoms! If you don't do this, you'll get a huge penalty regardless of your status! That's it! Not to mention the royalty issue, not to mention the reputation! Just the fact that you made this great invention in your early teens..."

"I... I don't know what you mean..."

Eonisha, who was only interested in simple alchemy and engineering techniques, looked confused because she was not used to such complicated problems.

Why don't you help me out?

"You just have to get to the point."

"Oh! I'm sorry. First of all, there's nothing wrong with the technology! There's no record of a patent like this! Yes! It would be a great honor if you could let me proceed. My Lady!"

His eyes were full of passion, although he was servile.

He seemed to want to see the inside of a watch mixed with processing technology right away.

"Well, if that's the case, you'll... "

"I can't ask too much for such a big deal! We'll take almost no patent maintenance fees! Instead, please give me the authority to study this watch for myself..."

Eonisha gave a troubled look at his words.

"Oh, brother. What am I supposed to do in this situation..."

"Make your own decisions."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Please! I'll take care of everything!"

Eonisha eventually bowed her head as she asked for the opportunity as if she would never miss it.

"Boo, please."

"Thank you, my lady. What a broad mind you have! This grace will never come again!"

He looked at me, bowing his head again and again and thanking me.

"Oh, my God. Prince, you're a great brother. Considering that she is only in her early teens, she will be a great alchemist in 10 years and 20 years!"

I grinned at the words.

"It should be."

The greater Eonisha becomes, the more it falls to me.

* * *

Eoni's watch became known to the world.

At first, there were many comments that it was nonsense, but in fact, the items made based on the watch that Eoni-sha first made were released through each top, and the story began to change completely.

the queen of the clock

It was a title given to Eonisha.

Eonisha's expression brightened day by day, as she was so happy that what she had created was so well received.

* * *

"Yosia! Come with me!"

The little girl followed quickly toward the black-haired girl who led the way.

"Oh, my! Why are you going so fast?"

"Oh? Uh-huh... ..nothing."

Once there was an unidentified shock wave that evaporated all the manna in the magic academy.

This naturally forced the magic to stop, and perhaps it was lucky that the magic could be held again with Yoshia still present.

"Yosia! What are you going to do?"

"Well, I don't know."

"It doesn't matter at all, does it? Don't that right?

When asked by the girl, Josiah gave a bitter smile.

the mad teacher

A sigh came out of itself.

There was no way to know why he was in this situation.

"Half F! Class A! We'll start the magic battle now, judging that everyone is ready! The representative of class A is Bosir Goliath! Siles Kalin! Orcia Melcon! The representative of class F is Yoshia Francois! Timmy Rendarog! Morrie Saelen!"

The three-to-three battle of magic gives a significant score to the entire wizard.

Because of that, it was a game that either class could never give up.

"No attack to kill! Actions other than the specified rules will be judged by foul play!"

Yoshia, who was fiddling with the robe symbolizing the F-class without a word with the cry of a muscular man with a stern look, slowly looked at Timmy.

"Save it dearly."

"What?"

"I'll come to the front."

"Just say you're doing it alone, right?"

Yoshia smiled furiously at Timmy's question.

"I learned it under that maniac, and if I get dogged here, it's better to just nose into the dishwater and die."

No matter how many four circles it is, there is no business in the head.

It was a word of arrogance, but Timmy nodded quietly as if he realized the meaning contained in Yoshia's words.

"What do you say?"

As for Timmy, who shrugged his shoulders and took a step back, Yoshia lifted the oak staff without saying a word.

Yes, the teacher didn't say much, but he realized in a few days how ridiculous a monster he had become.

He did not intend it, but at least he would use it if the reality given to him was like this.

On the other hand, class A looked down on class F and was grinding their teeth.

At the center was none other than Boshir Goliya.

He was also so wild that he couldn't stop him in class A because of the Goliath Duke's restraint.

It's bad luck that he wasn't bad at such a subject, but he was also a boy who was ahead of his ability.

Just in time, the two characters who want to give him the most confusion.

It was Yoshia and Timmy.

The most angry teacher was the devil or something, but his father, the Duke of Goliath, pressed hard not to know about him or to provoke him.

He couldn't understand it the most.

He was only a teacher of the same age.

Apparently, it was a parachute, but what do you mean a teacher? If it works, he will not be able to satisfy his magic.

In fact, he was said to be a man without a man or a circle.

"It is the most dangerous Yoshia Francois in class F. On the contrary, the other two are just shivers. There is no element that we will lose. I will continue to interfere with the magic of Josiah as I have prepared. So you guys take the other two over quickly while I hold out."

A cold mutter, Boshir smiled coolly at the end of a small wand in his hand.

It was not intended, but it was primarily a family treasure.

Not only does it increase the wearer's mana in large quantities, but it can also be used spontaneously by memorizing five different kinds of magic.

It's obviously a rise in numbers that goes against the rules of magic, but what does it matter? Most of the teachers are on his side anyway.

The magic that had been memory-driven would have been hard to recognize if it was sent off pretending to be a short-lived spirit.

As the treasure was not a treasure for nothing, it was a treasure with a secret power that would not be easily discovered by the six-circle wizard.

I had confidence not to be caught, and considering that his skills were actually in the middle of the third circle, I thought it was enough to disturb her even if I didn't win.

In a quiet confrontation, Bozhir provoked Yoshia by smiling furiously.

"The whore becomes a wizard, and the world is so good these days."

"I hope low-level provocation is magic, too. You've got the makings of a sorcerer."

Boshir's expression slightly frown at the sight of Yoshia responding casually.

When he made disparaging remarks like a prostitute to her, she pretended not to be the same but showed considerable concern.

In fact, it was more stimulating because she was well aware that she was not such a frivolous woman.

But it was subtly different.

'I don't care what it's become.'

Gently shining at the end of the war, Bo Xir prepared a fireball magic stored at the end of the war to send off the magic right away.

"Poong!!

Soon after, as soon as a teacher watching the referee raised the staff high and sent a signal, Bozhir's first ball flew in.

"Go for it! Burn everything! Fireball!

Of course, it was Fireball, a three-circle magic made by concentrating for a long time.

For a short sentence, it is very effective, so even the fourth circle wizard, Yoshia, will be surprised.

Flaming!!!

At the same time, a fire broke out at the end of Bozhir's Wand, and Bozhir just smiled at Josiah, who was quietly holding his staff.

"At best, the wizard can't get into his head, Josiah Francis."

He must have been surprised to see the high-speed window and the high-quality fireball.

Just by looking at the look of the officials, teachers, or students on the floor watching the game, you could see it.

"Oh... oh, my God, you're such a sophisticated and fast magician in three circles."

"That's the son of the Goliath Duke."

"It's a child of the great magic family."

The wizards of the tower, who have recognized the true value of the Fireball, evaluate Boshir as if they are surprised.

"That's class A's talent. That's going to make a big difference soon."

The teachers were busy praising Boshir.

"Oh, my God, is that magic skill our age can do?"

"It's like a total scam."

The reaction of the students was astonishment and despondency.

The direction of the fireball was slowly pointed at Josiah.

"Come on, come on! Damn it, X.

He must have been surprised at his inability to understand how he would react. The reaction will be revealed soon.

Boshir, who was waiting for Josiah's response, was hardened by the harsh voice he heard soon.

"It's like a dried-up anchovy that's so noisy that it only lives in its mouth, did you make a circle out of its mouth? You didn't think I'd recognize you if you used the Memorizing Wizard, did you? a despicable brat That's why you can't."

"What... what?"

"What are you doing, Shin? Come on, I'll make you look like a fried chicken."

Boshir's expression was grimly distorted by her provocation.

Then, at the end of the Wande in Bozhir, the fireball flew violently toward Josiah.

"Oh, my God!"

It's definitely too late for magic.

Even if it is sung quickly, it will not be without effect.

"Interpret, I will tell everything apart. Dispel."

Contrary to Bozir's thoughts, the fiery ball, which had been flying fiercely, scattered itself before reaching Yoshia.

"Puppies like you, compared to the mad teacher, are like ground ants crawling on the ground, get lost!"

Phew!!!

It was at a speed that I couldn't even react to.

In an instant, Yoshia dug in with a tight grip on the staff bag.

In an instant, Josiah's cold voice was heard even before Bo Xir, who was surprised by the approach, responded.

"Do you know what the best technology I've ever learned from that crazy teacher is? It's a beating, it's a bird."

Boom boom!

It happened in an instant.