317 # 317

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Thirteen volumes and fifteen episodes

Two Dwarf elders from the Red Rock tribe were waiting for me at an inn in the Hines estate.

"Oh, there you are!"

"Ho... ...that young man has such a great skill..."

The red-bearded dwaffes who sent me curiosity generously when I saw them for the first time came.

Then he reached out one hand and nodded.

"Nice to meet you! Our Dwarf's teacher! I wanted to meet you someday because you said you gave me great grace to make the first flash of light again!"

"I'm a parting! This old man's name is Garem!"

"This is Davy All-Own. Nice to meet you."

When I replied with Dwarf's etiquette, the Red Rock Dwarfs looked happy.

"Hahahahaha! A man who knows the manners of Dwarf! The more I see it, the more I like it!"

"Oh, you crazy old men! How much did my teacher help our people and how much attitude is that!"

"Huh... you should know that the yellow ones are hot-tempered. Chew."

The parting of the red beard took a small box out of his arms.

"Please accept my offer, even though it did not directly help our Red Rock tribe, it is Dwarf's shame not to repay the noble man for his great contribution to reviving the first flash of light! This is a necklace made by the best construction company in our town! It's a magical artifact!"

When I opened the box at his words, a beautiful necklace with small jewels came out.

"If you walk directly to someone precious, something happy will happen. Well, that's half a superstition. Laugh."

Gareum tapped his elbow to see what was so fun.

"Hmm!"

"No, let's go to the castle."

"No, we're technicians. He's represented the technician. I heard about that yellow tribe on the way here. He wants to build an academy."

"Yes."

"Dwolf, Elf, Su-in, Ork. It's a school where everyone can learn what they want... ...it can't be small. All right, if you give us restraint, we'll build it for you. Give me three months."

"Three months?"

"What's taking so long? Our Red Rock tribe is the largest town, and the ones in it are the architects. There are thousands of artisans who can move on their own. Using magic tools to speed up is a familiar thing."

I looked at Elder Golda, seeing her confidently speaking for three months.

"It's not impossible. Well... it's a little bit... ...but if our Yellow Rock tribe does the construction, it'll be two to three years. A teacher."

"Okay. You said what you wanted was technology, right?"

"Well... yes! I don't want much. I'd like you to share some of the skills you've taught the Yellow Rock tribe."

It was a transaction that had nothing to worry about.

* * *

That was good enough.

The behavior of Gareum and Garem elders, who rushed off to tell the village that they would be dealt with faster than expected, was simply the reckless bull itself.

After the technology sharing was confirmed, when Hong Dan, who was running excitedly, found me and rushed to hug me when I returned to Yeongju, leaving Gareum and Gareum who left to show their skills first.

"Ah! Dad!"

"Oh, you can't run indoors."

"Yes!"

When he hugged the man who answered in an excited voice, Cheng Dan, who followed him carefully from behind, reached out his arm.

"My wife... ...and Blue Dandi..."

"Yes."

"Low-ha, there are students waiting. May I show you?"

"Yes."

I think it will work out if I coax the children to watch among themselves.

"Where are you from?"

"It's a magic school."

"Where are some magic schools? Whatever. Okay. There's nothing you can't do that you're asking for. In this situation of academy architecture, a field trip is not... "

Opening the door of a large drawing room, I suddenly looked suspicious of the hardened atmosphere of the room.

And

"Huh?"

He gave a slightly bewildered look at the unintended consequences.

"Hey, Timmy, what am I looking at?"

"Fantasy."

Timmy answered the murmur of Alisa Yospogg with a blank face.

"Strange? Is there a problem with your eyesight..."

Others were as well.

The number of students is about dozens, but there was no one who didn't know one by one.

"Why are you guys here?"

I first expressed to them the first question that came to mind.

And

The answer came from the mouth of one of the absentminded students.

"Well, that's what we want to say. Mr. Debbie."

* * *

In a quiet confrontation, I haven't thought for a long time about what happened to this situation.

a student on a field trip from a magic school

And the students who came on the recommendation of the sage Hellison.

A fast-moving head came up with an answer.

If conclusion is made, decision is carefully and action is quick.

"I'll stop by the Red Tower soon. Clear the schedule."

"Yeah...yeah? Huh?! Hey, low! No! There was Queen Wynry's Royal Highness."

"I think after I bring it in. Get out."

The ensuing Colonel Bernil bowed his head with a faint look.

"Wow... Dad?"

Hong Dan looked up at me and asked me, sucking his finger.

"Oh, Dad?"

"Well, that cute little girl... ..."

The students looked blank as if they had yet to accept the situation.

Long after such silence, courageous student Timmy slowly raised his hand.

"I... Dr. Debbie?"

"......"

"Why... are you here?"

As if to make the final resistance, I stroked Hong Dan's hair, which pinched my cheek, and replied heartily.

"Why are you here, is there a problem with me in my house?"

Everyone's expressions began to frown as if they were throwing cold water.

Among them, the most spectacular thing was.

"Eh, no way... ...this is a disaster... ...a disaster!"

He was a little boy named Derrin, who was panicking and holding his head in both hands.

* * *

When humans go through bad things, they usually change in a few steps.

First, escape from reality.

"Hey... this must be a joke. Don't that right?

"Teacher Debbie is a human being, and there must be something."

"That's right. They're about the same age, so they might be acquainted."

Second, anger.

"No! Damn it! Does this make sense?!"

"How is Prince Davey the saint and teacher Debbie the same person?"

Third, sadness.

"Huh...Huh... ..the world is ruined."

"I will perish, this world..."

"It's a disaster... ..a disaster... ..that the Lord of Prias is finally infuriated by human greed..."

Fourth, give up.

"......"

Hong Dan tilted his head as he saw no one talking. Then he slipped out of my arms and tapped Timmy's arm, which was closest to him.

"Wow... what's wrong with your brother?"

"Ah..."

However, Timmy just remained silent, as if the appearance of Hongdan was more shocking.

Among them, Josiah Francis quietly played the fireball and held his hand burning.

"It's ruined... the world is ruined..."

That's because the vampire Rod has such a thin wick.

Of course, I can't just watch the process without saying anything.

"They've all gone around in groups, haven't they said."

I didn't teach you to do stupid things without facing reality. I'm forgetting those things.

"Huh?!"

When I smiled grimly after I snatched Yoshia's arm and dispelled the magic, the students looked at me with stiff faces as if they realized the reality.

"Yes, Mr. Debbie... ...do you really think you're Prince Davey?"

"Isn't the name similar?"

"How many people do you think are wizards for a priest?""

It was as the students who were surprised and refuting it said. Even if the names are similar, there's a basic common sense.

'Hold on.'

I think he wanted these kids to realize who you are and to realize what you are.

The act of trying to make a new change by allowing people to experience a similar experience, different from themselves.

That's not a bad choice.

I don't feel good as long as I'm involved there.

"Hongdan, why don't you go to a fun tour with your dad?"

"Yes!"

"I want to see her! I want to see it!"

Students' attention was focused on the two children's fatal cuteness of responding with a lively smile.

"Seo, sir. Are these two little girls really your daughters?"

"Are they twins? But their hair color is different..."

"First of all, isn't it too early to think about your age?"

"That's right. Married right after adulthood would still be a baby..."

Some have revealed questions that arise between me and my two children.

"Lune, get the Decepticon squadron ready. We're going to practice."

"Lünne, carrying out orders. Is Lünne, the Elder Brain, also participating?"

"As you please."

I will show you hell.

"Yes, I'm here for a field trip."

"......"

I gave a soft smile to the students who looked at me with a look of loss of the world.

"I heard the news. You said you won first place in the magic. Good job."

"Oh...yes..."

"I'll give you a field trip that I'll never forget. Let's warm up first."

* * *

The eastern part of the Hines estate, which has yet to be developed, is connected with large fields and forests.

Immediately after leading the students there, I threw the cube in my hand lightly and got it.

It would be nice to have Enabelle participate, but unfortunately, the Avengers squadron is currently in the area of expansion, so it cannot be taken out immediately.

After all, the only Decepticon formation available was enough. When the Baby Wizard grows, some objects from the top of the Explorer will be a good product for collecting data from the Decepticon squadron, which has been upgraded to the master level.

Using his student as data for Golem growth...

"So who told you to freak me out? What? Disaster? These things are crazy."

The expressions of the students who were searching around from afar seemed more alert than anticipation.

I approached those students and smiled slowly.

"How does it look here?"

"Hey, over here?"

"Well, I don't know."

I nodded quietly at the reaction of the frightened students who didn't know what to say. Then he slowly turned away from them and walked away.

"Take a good rest as long as you're here for the holiday. I'll make you something fun."

The students' expressions change subtly at the words. It's certainly good news, but it wasn't exactly good news.

"Mega-tron, electric saw and drill. Gunnery mode on."

[Ready for startup. Done.]

With that, I heard Megatron's answer from my ear.

"We've had a lot of trouble in the whole area. Let's have some fun."

Two boom!

With my murmur, a purple coal flies from afar.

As soon as one of the students who had been absent-mindedly stepped back, the coal was relentlessly dug out under the student's feet as if they had completely disappeared.

"Huh?"

Seeing the frightened look, I didn't stop smiling and shouted for the students to hear me.

"It seems like you're trying to give you a good lesson, so you have to live up to that expectation. Megatron, cs maltane maximum output, launch."

[Shooting]

Two boom!

Devilish bullets flew through the air that would crush the human face to the bottom of the sewer.

You don't have this in your house, do you?