318 # 318

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the Thirteenth Book

Scared by the appearance of purple coal, students look around with their eyes wide open.

The target student sat down and trembled.

The instinctive sense of crisis that he would have had a break even if he was a little late drove him into panic.

But all it could see was a dense forest and a plain.

"Dae, whatever it takes..."

"It seems like he's trying to make you realize something good. Then, I'll live up to that expectation. Megatron, cs maltane maximum output."

It was not long before they heard a hellish voice.

Then, dozens of violet coal slowly flew up into the sky following the words, and everyone could see it.

Don't you think you've seen this situation before?

"No way..."

Pong!

And the disaster that fell from the sky...

It began to fall to the ground with a very light sound.

Push it!

"What?! Spread the streets! What the hell did this crazy man do something!"

I have experienced it before, but how can I be treated without any response?

Reflective shield-magic students hurriedly interlocked the shield to wrap it around, but...

Sadly, students' proficiency in shield magic was not enough to prevent the flow of disturbing air.

"Huh? What does this smell like..."

"Cuck!"

"Huh?! Euh! Euh!"

Then, hell began to open.

When the disgusting and stinging smoke covered everywhere, the students forgot to cast and began to fall to the floor and struggle.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! My eyes! My eyes!

"Spicy! I can't breathe!"

The situation was like a bolt out of the blue for students who struggled with fright.

Debbie, or Davy, I thought the crazy teacher would do something else. Now it was only a student of the Academy that one side was a saint who was far above the other to be divided into teacher and pupil.

However, aside from that, the students knew they would do anything if they were teachers who did extraordinary things as they had a purpose.

So it was good to prepare for a possible attack.

However, no one thought that the attack would ever come in with this unidentified act.

My head is ringing and I can't control my body because of motion sickness.

Tears and runny nose flowed down from the terrible spicy and stinging smoke, and even drooling from the mouth that could not be closed.

an absolute abysmal condition

Students rubbed their faces with their hands to wipe their tears reflexively at the presence of the hideous smoke that drove the face of the aristocrats and royalty to the bottom of the sewer.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Sue, breathe! I can't breathe!"

"Don't rub everyone's faces! Don't ever rub it!"

The quick-witted Yoshia shouted with a red, bloodshot face.

At the same time, he was covering his mouth and nose with both hands, apparently knowing what the faces of those who drank the smoke were like.

"I have to get out! Sue, I can't breathe!"

As the falling coal emitted a cheerful sound and created the living hell, the students decided that they could not solve it with their shields, so they rushed to jump out of range.

Before long, however, the students made desperate faces in the face of a determination to bring back terrible memories.

The face of a devastating skeleton didn't matter now.

It was full of instinctive desire to jump out and breathe fresh air.

"Open it up!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Get me out of here! No!"

Alisa Jospogg was able to imagine her own skeleton, covering her mouth and nose with one hand and desperately knocking on the wall of the crystal.

"It's a good thing. Megatron, put that notebook in. Subdue without killing power."

With the words, the students, who were crying their eyes wide open, flinched by the huge roar that was coming soon.

And what they saw, desperately opening their eyes, was a giant metal giant with a huge, bizarre saw and a hideous-looking drill.

He was a huge metal giant with a curious cylinder.

"Blood, avoid!!!"

Some students who are reflexively aware of their dangers shout.

The metal giant took a step forward and began to give the students an indelible trauma.

* * *

On the chaotic plain, students were lying down and blank-faced.

The exhausted students looked ridiculous.

"Ha...... we're alive, right?"

Timmy, who mumbled absentmindedly, slowly got up.

The smoke reminiscent of hell and the raids of the giant metal giants that have been attacking in it were beyond imagination.

"Mori. Mori, it's okay... Poop..."

Soon after, Timmy fell on the floor and supported Mori, who couldn't raise his face, and burst into laughter.

"Look, don't look! Don't look!!"

In response, Morrie Saelen freaked out, covered his face with one hand, and began to hit Timmy's face with the other hand.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

It wasn't surprising that Morrie Saelen, who was usually so calm, resisted with such a fuss.

When I came out of that smoke.

When I finally thought I could breathe fresh air.

Students could see the faces of themselves and their peers around them.

Tears, runny nose, and drooling down the valley.

The aristocrats of the Tionis Continent, British and royal women, learn how to take care of themselves from an early age. In the case of men, they learn to control themselves, but as a result, they are educated to keep their dignity.

Not to mention how the students who came out of such a strict education would react to themselves, who are now the worst-looking ones.

Especially if you're a boy or girl of a dreamy age.

Mori was not the only one who covered his face with red coloring, crying and covering his face.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! I can't get married anymore..."

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Male students who are familiar with the relatively miserable skeleton laugh at each other's faces, but female students look almost like portraits.

"Hahahahahaha! Hey, Josiah. Just your tail... ..kkkkkkhhhhook!

Timmy, who was eager to tease Josiah whenever he had time, was hit by Yoshia's fist and carried the air.

"Clean..."

Soon after, she quickly returned her face to her original clean state with clean magic, grinding her teeth and trampling on Timmy.

"It's good, isn't it? It's good. It's"

Puck! Puck!

"Kook! Come on, talk to me! The aristocrat is so violent..."

Puck!

"You need to get hit."

Because Timmy was already teasing several girls in addition to Yoshia Francos, girls who made their faces clean with clean started to intervene one by one.

"Dead! Timmy!"

"Timmy!"

"Kkkkkkkkh!"

The Duke's children, however, had nothing to do with the problems of such rank.

In the first place, Timmy was a child of a peacock, not a peacock.

It is true that he is the son and daughter of a noble family, whether it is an aristocrat or an aristocrat, and he has never received an aristocratic honor.

In an instant, when all the anger was engulfed by one Timmy, Timmy rolled around with a look of death and escaped them.

"Oh, my God! It's the evil teacher who made this happen! Why are you doing this to me?"

"Oh, I don't know! You're not even a human being who can beat you up!"

"What's going on with that lunatic? I'd rather be you're right!"

"Eh, that's right! Tee, Timmy was laughing at us! Si, don't you know it's rude?"

Punch!

The atmosphere was so bad that other boys just sat idly watching the situation as if they had not thought of intervening.

"Since she sowed it, she should reap it."

"My classmates have changed so much."

How can I forget? In the magic, Yoshia single-handedly, and by force, she dusted the students in class A.

At first, the girls in class F, who were gentle and sweet-smiling, were magicians, but who were like ladies of the aristocracy, became slightly twisted after only a few days of hell.

"By the way... where did the metal monsters disappear?"

"Yeah. He destroyed it with excitement and disappeared for a moment."

"What about you?"

"Ha..."

As soon as the word teacher came out, everyone's expressions began to darken.

"Really...... is Prince Davey the saint teacher?"

"......."

"Please tell me no. Somebody please..."

"The world is ruined. He's the scourge of the world!"

"The Son of God... the Son of God is the one who delivers the word of God, right? So... is it possible that the Lord, who is disappointed in the world, sent the continent down to destroy it?"

A girl who was pressing her eyes with a handkerchief between conspiracy theories carefully raised her hand.

"By the way. Even if Debbie is Prince Davey, are all the miracles you've shown her?"

The most questionable question was that.

A person who has mastered the divine power cannot deal with elemental magic. The only strong elements of complexity are the basic mana and spirits used to use the sword.

Others have a very tough personality.

"But why did the saint become a magic school teacher?"

"How can I know... Crazy!"

One of the students, who was mumbling annoyingly, looked at the sky and made a look of surprise.

"Here he comes again!"

"Michi-Kwang is moving again!"

"Do, run!"

"No more!"

A scream-like sound reverberates.

More than four metal giants, which had disappeared at the same time as if they had been waiting, are now beginning to be seen.

A giant with a huge shield and a sleek-looking giant were added.

Then, the most imposing of such giants, Golem with a drill, and the little silver-haired girl with a blank face on her head.

"Second round, Lünne, join us. Davy's message."

The sound of gulping echoed among the students.

"I'm not going to die. Don't worry. Resist desperately."

"Hey, you crazy?!"

Pong!

Push it!

Subsequently, a similar level of smoke erupted, and the students' expressions began to die black.

"Lunne, you appreciate stress relief very much. Judging that the students that Davy taught will get through the crisis well. Raise the difficulty level."

Then, they gather particles and make black powder and hold it in their hands.

Then, before the students could react, they dug in, hung up a student's leg, tripped him, grabbed his leg, and slowly started spinning.

It was a gesture that anyone could see would turn quickly and throw it away.

"Oh, no, right? Tell me no! No, I don't want to!"

"Very highly valued."

"Selvis!"

"No! We're late, Selvis, let's bait the sacrifice!"

"Hey, smoke is coming closer! Run!"

"Oh, my God! The wind's starting to blow back to us! How can the weather be so unruly!"

With a dismal voice, the students began to run frantically into the forest as if there was nothing more to see.

* * *

If a decision is made, practice quickly.

I threw the spark-frying light bulb in my hand and got it, and without a word, I took out an expensive small communication tool.

The distance is not long, but there is nothing wrong with connecting at least from the top of the tower to the top floor.

"Dear Master."

Hmm? Isn't it Prince Davy?

He sounded quite surprised.

[This must be a short distance communication tool... How can I contact you...]

"I had the F-class guys do something funny."

I heard a laugh coming from the other side of my horse.

Students should not know the identity of the teacher.]

"That's what I'll be my call. By the way, do you look busy?"

It's nothing. There's been a flash of research. I've been saving my sleep since two days ago.]

Good for you.

"I came to the Hines estate anyway. I thought I'd say thank you."

[Sighs] I'm glad this old man's nosy ass helped. But did you come here to say that? I don't know where they're contacting me. Without coming in person.]

"I'm already here. It doesn't have to be like that's not necessary."

I, speaking calmly, smiled grimly.

"The intentions themselves are good. I have a rough idea of what they mean by sending them here. But you know what?"

[Hmm?]

"As soon as they saw my face, they looked like citizens of ruin."

[What? Laughing out loud!] You must have reacted like that because of how harsh the class was, so please regard it as an old man's little joke.]

"Why don't you know, I don't have to be in trouble and angry. But I'll repay you for your kindness. I brought you a small gift."

[Stand up, gift?]

a quick-witted old man

I heard a perplexed voice.