311 # 311

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 9 of the Thirteen

"So you're saying you're gonna infect them all and make them fight each other? Does that mean you don't believe you need troops?"

A man threw his opinion inside the quiet conference room.

I remembered him as the man who was at the forefront of the betrayal of Gao the Knights of the Knights of the man who was suppressing the situation.

"Explain it a little easier to understand, I'm getting older, and I don't understand it."

Most of them, including him, seemed to have the same opinion.

"Simply put, we'd like to increase the number of parasites that will kill themselves. It's harmless to humans, but deadly to vampires. If they're not the top vampires, they'll all get infected and bite and fight among themselves."

In fact, I wouldn't have done this without fragments of abyss life.

Biohazards don't necessarily have to be limited to humans.

"Then, what do you want from the top?"

"There won't be parasites in the air, but it's a magical substance, even if it looks like life. That's why we need ingredients that are catalysts."

Then I put out a little stone from my pocket that I took out of the subspace.

It was blackened, but it was shiny to see if it was well managed.

"That's... ..."

"The teeth of Mutant Wolfe?"

It is a wild beast spread throughout the continent, but it is not well known unless it is a good hunter.

And

It was also a common object in the Reinfos Alpha.

"Most of the catalysts can be processed with mercenary requests, but it's not easy to find such things as Mutant Wolf's teeth and ice scorpions' venom."

Money doesn't mean you can just get it all. In this regard, it was quite a merit to become a member of a secret team like Reinforce Alpha.

"I'm not lying."

I took a step back without urging them to glisten little crystal balls.

"At least they don't have to shed human blood to make mistakes."

"What about the upper vampire?"

"I'll take care of everything myself. We have to save the non-threatening ones and kill everyone else."

I don't care about my position to say that I'm going to kill them all, and I don't care about the knights who accept it.

It will not be normal.

Isn`t there any way to be more purifying? But still, biochemical terrorism..."

"Shall we?"

The upper part of the Knights was silent on my words.

"They're not gods. They've been hiding all over the continent. They're hiding in a secret place where even information guilds can't find it properly. If all-out war spreads, a lot of people will die and land will be polluted and useless."

Maybe they'll win.

The prisoners will be taken away, livestock or bloodied until they die.

Those who resist will be executed horribly or mocked.

The Ma people who joined hands with radical vampires, of course, will not be more or less as they have no good feelings for humans.

"Is this continental existence? Is this a secular state of fighting?"

At my question, the expression of the upper part of the Knights was darkened.

"I see. It's not difficult to provide the ingredients for the catalyst, so let's look at it in a positive way. First of all, Davey, the catalysts you asked for are in stock in the Knights' warehouse. I'll give you the volume for now. I'll contact you through the entire library as soon as I get additional supplies."

"Yes."

"David Unit."

"......"

I turned my head at Boris' call.

"I'm sorry for you. And I can't always thank you properly."

The meeting at the top didn't last long.

It was an issue that had nothing to lose in the first place.

The presence of parasites that infect vampires and antagonize only vampires of blood does not harm humans.

Even if the method was a little too much, there was no reason not to choose if it could minimize the damage and wipe out the opponent.

First of all, delivering some of the parasites to the Knights of Lein Force Alpha, I simply taught you how to use them.

The use of parasites, to be exact, parasites, was simple.

As long as it penetrates into the opponent's body, it will be over.

Some of them may have immunity, but most of them did not, so it was probably a big deal.

The power of the abyss might protect them?

I'm sure they'll remember and fear this forever.

"You've touched the wrong person, you bastards."

After returning to the Hines estate, I threw the sack out of the subspace as soon as I entered the silent private laboratory without a single person, seeing off my fellow knights who said they would come to the Hines estate whenever they could afford it.

Davey, by the way. Did you need a catalyst in the first place for the parasites you created?

I shook my head to the silent question of Persec.

"Lune, you're very quick to read, I'm sure Davey cheated."

You're a quick-witted little boy.

"Ehham. Lünne, we've seen a very old model year. I think it's pretty fast in terms of sense."

"Yes, sir."

Lünne's expression, which was proudly speaking with a weak chest, was frowned at my answer.

No matter what he expresses, he has maintained a straight face.

It was my first time to look so openly dissatisfied.

"Lune?"

"Very low. I think David's personality is very low."

The man, who was staring at me with a frown on his face, strode along and kicked the materials scattered on the floor like a sulky child with his toes.

"Very low..."

Then he becomes silent."

Davey, explain it in detail. Is it true what Lünne says?

"That's right."

To speak calmly, I catalyzed the prepared reagent bottles and emptied the things I had received.

Then he put in some substances and reached out.

"Temperature is roughly..."

The color of the liquid in the bottle changed and the catalysts I threw slowly began to change as I mutated and caused flames with the fingertips.

Then, after a while, when it was poured into a pre-made frame, it slowly began to harden like a small lump of metal.

What is this thing for?

"Lithium Battery."

Lithium?

"Similar, but a little different. It circulates nature's manna, not electricity. It's not a very good product because it's so inefficient, but it's at least the best to use it to move a watch. The production itself is simple."

Unless there is no Manna, if the battery is fine, it will be semi-permanent.

If the battery's life is not over or broken by a strong impact.

Doesn't it make up for durability?

"It's possible, but is there any reason to do that?"

She opened her eyes round at my words.

I see... ..there's a limit to life, so it'll sell again.

"It's business. It's rather a loss to force it up."

The clock Eoniqia conceived was a simple placenta clock. But I know that ordinary people who are busy working can't want elegant and elegant watches, and as a result, they can always check their time and want cheap goods.

I'll need it soon, so I'll probably think about it sooner or later.

It's just amazing to see the fact that the knights are making raw materials for watches with the items they received to prepare for the war against vampires.

"There's no free lunch in the world! I don't know what to do."

a very vicious human being

"This is how people live."

It's a little embezzlement, so that people can taste alive.

Of course, embezzling to the point where you can't even achieve your original purpose is a waste.

What about the rest of the ingredients? As you said, where can I use the rest of the ingredients?

At her words, I pulled out some of the ingredients separated from the bag.

Then, they threw it into a pot they had prepared in advance and divided it into test tubes as soon as it was completely dissolved after some time.

"For use here."

Then he placed a seal stone and a chunk of flesh on a small magic pearl drawn on one side of the lab.

It was a lump of tentacles, an abyss that exerted extraterritorial power on all the laws of the world.

The movement to find Percerk immediately hid in my pocket with a blue face.

I don't think so.

"It looks like that, but the power inside is quite useful."

What I'm trying to do is separate and seal parts of the tentacles' power.

It was like the last work needed to construct Raina's body.

Uh-huh.

Soon after, as the Magic Circle began to operate, purple sparks started to pop from the tentacles.

So I poured the reagent I had prepared in advance into the tentacles.

"Stay calm."

Push-ee-ehm.

Then the mass of flesh contracting like a deflated rubber ball soon became silent, and I began to move the mana to extract the power from the mass of flesh as I had prepared.

What if I fail?

"Failed is frozen to death, and if this fails, I'll nose it into the dishwater and search it."

[8 Circle]

[Custom Space]

When insurance covers all areas of the area and creates an area, the forces that were leaking out of control are fixed in the air and caught in mana.

And slowly began to seep into the seal stone.

Several experiments had already been conducted to make Reina's body.

Soon after, as the size of the seal stone began to decrease with light, I took out the end of the first moon from the subspace.

The end of the month! It's been a while since I saw that.

She, who still seemed to have no regrets, took her body out of her pocket half way and hid again when she saw a lump of tentacles.

"Grow up! Knock, knock."

Boom!

With a light sound, the seal stone, which was as small as a fingernail, began to grow gradually.

The size should be enough for me to adjust.

Soon after, as the seal slowly grew and changed to the size of a human heart, I made it as if I had waited and sprayed the reagent bottle on the seal.

What about that?

"I'm making it flexible. It's an organ that needs to be used as a replacement for the heart, but if it's hard, it could break inside."

In my words, Persec looked at the stalagmites, which seemed curious.

It also succeeded in sealing the power of the tentacles of the abyss.

There is no regret, but the conditions were not so good as to say that this was all for now.

The chunk of flesh, which had been properly sealed for most of its strength, quickly contracted and soon dried up.

"That's too bad..."

I didn't use all the lumps of tentacles, but it made me feel a little sad to lose half the amount.

Since then, I have taken out Reina's body floating on the test tube and put a saggy seal on the chest, expressing the magic.

Dozens of overlapping magic lines began to seep under the skin near her heart.

Just watch it for a moment without saying nothing.

My face slightly frowned as I was looking at Reina's body without a word.

Why don't you open your eyes?

At the words, I grinned at the little piece I had prepared without a word.

"The soul is here, and when you open your eyes, that's the problem."

Then he pushed a piece into her forehead and I turned around.

"In a few days, your soul will rest and wake up."

Reina's body is a body that has realized my desire. Some are prototypes, but her body is not human.

So you'll only come to your senses after a few days of adjustment.

I thought so.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

I don't think it's a date.

The reaction came too quickly.