316 # 316

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Thirteen

"It's almost finished, to be honest, it's my first time working this fast, so I'm rather puzzled."

"Thank you for your hard work."

"Now, in a minute, we can power the whole land. Even in the homes of the common people."

"Eonisha is planning a simple system to install a mana lamp, not a lamp, at home this time, so please help her a lot."

"Huh, the imagination of the little princess is always amazing."

The report by Elder Golda, the technical advisor, gave me a nod.

"There's no room left, is there?""

"Yeah... the Yellow Rock tribe is starting to work on it. Most of the artisans will be locked up in the workshop. I'm sure there's a lot of money for self-control and for people, but there's not enough artisans to direct it."

"That's true."

"Don't worry! I've coaxed some of the best construction engineers on the continent."

He shouted confidently and handed over a small letter.

It said the Red Rock tribe Dwarves would help with the work of the Hines if they could share only one skill with them.

"There's nothing to worry about! I've decided to pass on two of the many skills you've taught us. I'm sorry to have done this without discussion, but..."

"That's great."

I accepted the proposal with pleasure. If it is a red rock tribe, you can't not know.

Many dwaffes have their own skills in each village.

And the Dwarf metropolis, the Red Rock tribe, which lives in the southern tip of the Central Continent, was a village of the best architectural engineers on the continent.

Basically, I will eventually touch the complicated technology, but most of the other things can be left to them without any problems.

In fact, it was not necessary to hide that the techniques of the Red Rock Dwarves were mixed in the building of the Three Kingdoms.

"Red rock..." That's not bad."

"The most urgent thing in the land of Hines is the number of craftsmen. You need a lot of technicians to grow fast. What are you going to do? Let's leave the issue of building an academy in the western part of the territory to them."

"Good. Let's make a contact."

He grinned at the light answer as if he knew it.

"Two elders of the Red Rock tribe are here to meet their teachers. I even packed a package to see if he drank the soup properly."

There is nothing more to worry about after listening to him.

I jumped out of my seat and walked away.

"Let's meet up right away."

"Oh! Degradation!"

I was walking out of the office.

Monmidor, walking across the street, opened his eyes wide and ran to me in a hurry.

"What's the matter?"

"It's from the Palan Empire and the Red Tower."

"What's the story?"

As he walked with him, he confessed the story without a lie.

"The news is that Iliana, the queen of the Palan Empire, has returned from her menopause. I think he's over the master's wall."

"You're fast, too."

It's ridiculous to be a sodmaster before the age of 20.

It's almost impossible to be a talented area, but she's talented enough to wake up a new sword and become a master.

How could he have made it his own with just what I showed him?

"Send me a gift to celebrate. I won't like such accessories, so a wrist brace would be fine."

"Next is the news of the Red Tower. I got a call about visiting the Hines for the future of the apprentices. It seems to be the request of the great sage Helison Valestia."

"Reject. Why bother?"

He hesitated at my simple answer.

"That's... ..Your Majesty King Criannes has already agreed."

"This gentleman..."

When he made a face that showed his annoyance, Monmidor made a prickly face.

"How do you like it?"

"The damn class. It's dirty, or it's dirty, or it's a shame to be independenthusiastic.

Even though his remarks are close to treason, Monmidor shows no signs of surprise.

"Shall we get ready?"

"Are you crazy? I'm just saying it. Accept it if it's a royal order. He's the one who's taking care of me, but why don't you refuse this?"

In my answer, he pulls a small chart out of his arms. It was definitely a lieutenant, but the security was so good that he didn't want to be a salary thief that he was helping Amy's work.

"Here are the names of the apprentices and of each noble family or royal family. And the details and the list..."

"I'm busy, so give it up. If you gently coax the snuffers on your own, they will flinch."

An absurd expression flew in from around me.

Losing.

"Davie, 17 years of physical age. Not much at all."

"Be quiet."

After calmly retorted, I moved to the place where the Red Rock Dwarfs were in charge of the large-scale project on the land.

* * *

The procession through Lindhall, where Shakuntala is located, was quieter than expected.

Usually, they would use Mana Gate, but some students wanted to enjoy a relaxing trip, so they preferred to ride their own horses.

Jukdo, fragile rice is a wizard is not filled rote education of every teacher an evil.

"Miss Yosfog, are we really going to the Hines estate? Honestly, I can't believe it."

"Atherin, well, I know you're seeing someone amazing, to be honest. Should I say I don't understand..."

A dwarf boy tilted his head in response to Alisa Jospog."

"You don't understand?"

"No, I know he's a great man. You're not a great wizard, you're just going on a field trip. Do we really have anything to gain from that field trip?"

That's true, but the boy seemed to be focusing on something else.

"Prince Davey, the saint, says he's a great man... ...and he's a wonderful man, isn't he?"

"There's little age difference between us, but I heard he's a great man who's made a lot of achievements on the continent. I've heard that divine magic is more like a miracle of God."

"Is that true?"

"I actually haven't seen it in person, so I don't know, hehe. Oh, but I've heard rumors that you're really handsome. I've heard some young people say that they saw Prince Davy in person at a dance they attended before. That's why I'm looking forward to it."

At the words of Alisa Jospog, the boy patted the horse's back, apparently wanting to go faster.

"My house is a devout Priestess. Honestly, I'm really looking forward to it!"

It wasn't just a conversation between the two. Usually, students in class F had considerable questions and expectations about the procession itself.

The world is wide. Meet many people and find something to learn from them. There is something to learn from a three-year-old child, but he has already made numerous achievements.]

Would a great speaker lie to them?

As a result, the students who gained a lot of enlightenment through interviews with the wise man had considerable confidence in his visit to the Hines estate.

Age is similar, but the fact that they are really great also stimulated their curiosity.

"By the way, the land of Hines is really huge."

Students who entered the realm of the Loun Kingdom and entered the end of the territory of the Hines estate looked mysterious when they saw the vast plains.

"Prince Davey the saint is a great man. Originally, the land of Hines was a dying land, and the land itself was abandoned because it was cursed and the climate hardened."

All the students looked at the boy at the little boy's words.

"That's right, Derrin said she knows a lot about Lord Hines and Prince Davey, right?"

"I heard that Prince Davey came to the Hines estate less than a year ago. Young Jimin said it was not easy to winter with only 200 people. But now it's entering the ranks of thousands of cities."

You became such a famous city in a year?"

"Yes, it's famous, isn't it? the full-leaved work of leaf business of the moon In addition, Dwarf is accepted as a Young Jimin, and the famous Elf is the only one to accept as Young Jimin."

"Elfra... I want to see it."

As Timmy bluffed and muttered, Morrie Saelen, who was next to him, poked his mouth and Alisa Jospog pulled Timmy's mouth.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"You deserve it."

The students looked at Derrin again, ignoring Timmy, who frowned with his mouth closed.

"But it's so beautiful for a dead land."

One of the students questioned the appearance of the natural scenery that has not yet been reached by humans.

"The rumor has it that the goddess of the Lord Priest, who was moved by Prince David's prayer, has blessed the land. That's why we were able to grow plants and grow grass leaves on the moon. Other than that, I heard that monsters don't come."

The students looked surprised at Derrin's detailed knowledge.

"You... what do you know so well?"

"Oh...hahaha, the parents of the house are devoted followers of Prince Davy..."

"I think you're more excited about that."

Derrin bowed his head to the voice of Josiah, who came in with a prick.

"Well, can't you... can't you?"

When asked with an anxious face, Yoshia hesitated as if embarrassed.

"Who... who said no?"

"Anyway. Chew."

"In fact, my brother is working on an article in the Palan Empire. Prince Davey saved my brother's life the other day."

Then I have to understand.

"Prince Davy said he was a wonderful man. I think he's a very kind and cool person! First of all, she's my role model! Deathly Hallows! He who fulfills the duties of the nobility! There are many people who praise Prince Davy for every passerby. It's proof that he's such a great man!"

A feverish voice rang out.

"In a similar way, you have a teacher, Debbie. I thought you were a sodmaster.

Only Yoshi has seen magic properly, so all the students just think that the human being, Debbie, is something equivalent to a sodmaster.

"Dev... teacher... ha... ha... ha..."

Derrin, who was laughing awkwardly, smiled.

"Comparing with a bully like that is an insult to Prince Davy!"

"Mi... I'm sorry. Don't shout."

"Please don't make such absurd remarks again! Dr. Debbie is amazing. But as a human being, he's a complete failure!"

"Well...yes..."

The students looked like they were just shaking their heads.

But I didn't deny that everyone was thinking the same thing as Derrin.

Starting from Lindhall and riding a horse and carriage for about a few days.

Upon arriving at the center of the Hines estate, the students looked as if they could not take their eyes off the novelty.

"Look... look at that! The towers are lined up!"

"Oh, my God, it's a warp!" There's a hydroponics! That's the rare Toin tribe!"

A student flashed his eyes as he saw a To-In girl, who seemed to be Young-joo's maid, walking softly with a large bag.

"Oh, my God, that beauty is the elf..."

"You look like a man."

"Oh, my God!"

Everyone looked surprised at the sight that was hard to see anywhere on the continent.

And that's not the only surprise.

Not only the waterway system, which is different from ordinary land, but also the architectural style, unlike ordinary street buildings, looked so stylish and beautiful.

"I want to live here..."

"Oh, my God, Prince Davey must be a great man."

The students, who walked slowly inside the castle with bewitching looks, were soon able to find the red-haired, blue-haired twin girls running through the hallways of the city.

"Laugh out loud! Catch Hong-

"hehe...heh...heh... go, value!"

At the cry of a red-haired girl who looked active, a little girl with blue hair seemed to be chasing her diligently, gasping for breath.

"Warning! WARNING! This has a considerable adverse effect on physical efficiency! Lünne is asking for a break!"

It is followed by a small silver-haired girl with wings on her back.

At the very strange sight, the students were able to follow the lady into the big reception room of the lordship.

"Wait a minute. My junior contacted me that he would be there soon."

At the words of the old butler with a soft impression, the students nodded with anticipation in their eyes.

"I'm so sorry that I suddenly came as a group. I really don't know what to do with this hospitality."

"Huh. It's okay. It's already been talked about. Ha-ha is looking forward to meeting you, so you can just relax."

At the words of the old butler, who introduced him as Bernille, the students were all the more excited about the existence of Prince Davy.

"Who is he really like?"

"Well, isn't it possible to get close by coincidence?"

"Ara, we are now students of a noble family. My opponent is the top candidate for the best husband on the continent."

The girls had a dream and wondered what kind of people the boys were so respected.

When your imagination has grown so big that it can't be bigger.

"You've been waiting a long time. Prince Davey has arrived."

Before the old butler, who seemed to have been contacted, opened the door softly and someone in a uniform began to enter slowly.

"Where are you from?"

"It's a magic school."

"Where are some magic schools? Whatever. Okay. There's nothing you can't do that you're asking for. In this situation of academy architecture, a field trip is not...."

Students' tension reached its peak with the relaxed voice that seemed to come in while talking to someone.

And

"Huh?"