314 # 314

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Thirteen

104. Hines group tour.

Vampire Road.

Although she can't even use her energy properly because she can't go through the awakening stage, she is a vampire.

It also woke up as a perfect vampire road.

What is vampire road like?

It was the vampire road that was strong enough to judge that even the lunatic Daviolan could not easily win, as he was the landlord and absolute head of a race.

If the elf has a god and a world number, the vampire has a rod.

Although if the rod is gone, the vampire is so big that the penalty will not be able to overcome the blood craving, on the contrary, if the rod exists, the vampire was definitely a member of the top predator.

That vampire road.

Even if he can't use his energy, he won't be able to handle it.

In fact, Josiah has already undergone a slight change.

As a result, the changes she felt in Manna became more sensitive and her handling skills soared in an instantaneously.

Even if all the students in class F had achieved outstanding achievements, Yoshia was a little different.

'Manna is visible, and the flow is starting to show. As a result, the change began to occur more than usual when taking classes, but Yoshia was unable to use it openly.

Be careful and be careful.

Otherwise, a truly dangerous situation will come. The teacher's sincere advice was somehow not a lie.

"Oh, my God!"

Josiah snorted when he saw Boshir Goliya, who was thrown out in an instant and stretched out.

"Bo, Bo, Bo!""

In an instant, when my team member was beaten, the other two students in class A drew up the magic reflexively toward Yosia.

But faster than that, Yoshia's cane flew in.

Puck! Puck!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Laugh!"

Although he did not perform a magic spell properly, it did not take long to knock down three students.

The crowd was silent at the far-fetched ending, and Timmy and Mori, who were Yoshia's team, sighed and shook their heads.

He had no choice but to be absurd when he stepped up alone and beat it like a bug with a cane in a 3:3 game where he had to show a magic battle.

"I... I don't understand!!"

Soon afterwards, the man who took the seat on behalf of Rascan Francos, who was burdened by class A, who had disappeared, shouted hurriedly.

"Yo, student Josiah broke the rule of using magic, the basic rule of the magic competition, to subdue the opponent!!"

The crowd began to sympathize with the cry as if it had been instigated.

"That's right! It's not a martial arts competition, it's a magic competition! I can't accept this kind of situation!"

Subsequently, the followers of the Duke of Goliya tried to reverse the situation, but the three opponents had already fainted with bubbles.

I was about to yell at the first time because I was dumbfounded by the fainting situation.

The match was fair. What's wrong with using magic to win a magic battle?"

There was a murmur from all sides of Mr. Severes' counterargument.

"Josia, explain yourself."

At the words of Sheberez, Josiah took up his stick and drew Manna.

"Heist, Strance. It's definitely magic. I also added two overlapping parts to it. Do you have any more complaints since I mixed the dispel in the middle?"

Her words silenced the crowd.

In other words, he quickly wiped off Bozhir's sacred fireball with a dispel and mixed the Heist and Strance magic with a double-spread.

As a result, heist and Strance were magical and the crowd couldn't hide their bewilderment.

"I've been running a magic spell for years, but this is the first time I've ever had a match like this, and it's ridiculous."

The muttered teacher raised the flag as it was.

"I acknowledge the magic of student Josiah Francois! I declare the F-ban victory!"

It was an absurd game, but as a result, it became an overwhelming game, with no choice but to side with Yoshia.

"I want some blood..."

"What?"

"Huh? What did I say?"

As Yoshia muttered while looking at the three people lying down, Timmy looked at her with a surprised look.

"What did you just... ..."

"Oh, nothing."

Yosia frowned as she glossed over her words.

Unintentionally, changes began to take place once in the awakening phase. The desire to suck blood slowly began to emerge.

It was not unbearable, but I thought I wanted to eat a delicious dessert.

Never suck blood other than me. If you suck my blood and awaken, you will bleed someone else, the catastrophe will burst.]

When she remembered her teacher's words, she pressed it down and walked slowly.

As a result, the game ended without the other two using a single spell, but the magic did not end in a single game.

That's what most people thought before the magic resumed.

The victory of this magic will come from either class A or class B.

In a way, it was a natural result because it was divided into classes based on skills.

However, the magic itself began to creak from the beginning when the F-class overwhelmingly crushed the A-class as if it had shattered the expectation.

"Go! I call you in the raging flames..."

"Shake, show your dream. Slip."

Knock, knock!

A student who was quickly singing Firebolt collapsed after being hit by a sleeping spell by an ordinary student whose name was not well known among students in class F.

Magic speed, usability, and coping.

The overwhelming result forced the crowd to remain silent again.

Those who watched the magic seemed to be unable to believe what they were seeing.

Until there is a magic spell. In addition, before the strange rumors circulated in class F, the class of the lowest-ranked students in the middle school was class F, but the current situation did not show that way.

In addition to individual and team events.

The dignity of the F team, which swept away the points at random, left an eerie strong impression.

"Ready! Pass it!"

"Come on, you bastards!"

Whaddda!

There were three students who used simple persistence magic, but the rest of them showed high-level cooperation.

When the students preparing for the magic of the F class lost balance and collapsed in an instant, the attack magic they were preparing for in the F class poured out like bombs.

Even if they were not great magic, their size was usually too large and intense compared to the East Circle Wizard.

Whaaaaah!

For a few moments, the F-class swept away the final game with only minimal damage left, and showed themselves celebrating their victory and leaving the stadium without any regret.

"Well done, everyone."

"I think it's much easier than I thought."

"How can they win if they don't practice well?"

The smiles of F classmates who celebrate themselves giggling are a little scary on the outside. It was thoughtfully dismal.

"Hey, guys."

Even Mr. Severes, who had a consistent expression without any expression, looked embarrassed.

"What are you... ..."

"Mr. Severes. If you learn from that maniac. Even if you don't want to be, it's like this."

He has never taught a proper standard before. Transform themselves and die if I don't realize to eodeoteoji to the human being.

What's scary is that you get beaten like that, but your whole body feels refreshed and better.

Students who continued to be exposed began to change in a horrible situation, as they wanted to shout that they were not a pervert like a masochist.

"he...hehe..."

In fact, even Morrie Saelen, who had been shrinking with a passive personality, had to say nothing more because she had a heavy smile.

"Well... Dr. Davy. What the hell did you do to the students..."

Mumbling away from the students, he looked back at class F heading to the waiting room.

"Huh, that's great."

Behind Ceverex came the voice of a relaxed old man.

"Huh! Big, big sage!"

"It's working, it's working."

"Oh, when did you come? If you'd given me a word..."

"Dragging. Do you use this old man when he gets stuck in a magic spell where students are the main characters?"

Speaking in vain, he slowly opened his mouth as he watched the students in class F disappearing.

"It's amazing again. Your sister, Queen Winley, is actually quite talented. He's creepy enough to look at this old man."

What crazy wizard can make students do that in such a short time.

Helisson Valestia was a great speaker who lived a long time and was also a man of the prestige of being a seven-circle wizard.

But even he has never heard of how to grow students at a rate that goes beyond this common sense.

No matter how low-level wizards grow faster than high-level wizards, practically at the age of 10, a person who learns magic often stops at 4 or 5 circles using his or her entire life.

"And now that I see it, Mr. Davy recommended it to me. I remember Mr. Davy was definitely a saint... ...what the hell is he?"

Helison shook his head at his question.

"Huh...... what more do you know? I can only tell one thing."

Even a seven-circle master-class wizard has a manna that is too vast to measure the manna.

"It's not like you've cheated on my appearance at all. Maybe..."

It's like a dream for a magician.

Hellison thought so.

It was a judgment that could be made because I had never actually seen the existence of the first Rich Knicks.

"So, the winner is half F?"

"Huh? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Honestly, I can't believe it."

"Yes. The class that won first place has a meeting with this boring old man."

Speaking calmly, he was able to hear the voices of class F coming out of the waiting room again.

"Mr. Debbie. Isn't that too much?"

"Yeah, I even prepared a present, but it just disappeared. I can't find out where he is and what he's doing."

Helison, who was watching some students in class F from afar, shook his head and smiled.

"I see, by the authority of the wise, I'll have to give the F class a tour of the Hines estate."

"What?"

"This old man will speak to the king of the Lown Kingdom."

He looked like something interesting was going to happen.

"At this age, Severes."

"Yes... my wise man."

"I'm very interested in small stimuli."

Though everyone else praised him for his wisdom.

Sheberes, who had brought him from afar and close for a long time, could tell.

You old man. You found something interesting.