315 # 315

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Thirteen volumes and Thirteen episodes

Three weeks of rest were announced after the magic.

After the big event, the magic festival, Shakuntala will have a public holiday called "A Rest Day" in three weeks. It was also a day that was created to give students who had been preparing for a long time a honey-like break.

And all of Class F is a dream for wizards as it was predicted.

He had entered the Red Tower for a meeting with the sage Helison Valestia.

"Huh, what if they knew that a boy of the same age who they met quarreled with for nearly 15 days was a wizard unparalleled to this old man."

When I think about it, I could laugh on my own.

Helison grinned as he watched dozens of students carefully walking around at the end of the spire.

"Deputy, the interview is ready."

"Ho-oh, yes. I've seen the sprouts coming, so I'll have to welcome them. How can I be called a wise man if I can't say a word of blessing to the sprouts who showed such great magical talent in magic? Laugh."

His expression of walking, lightly shaking off the broad robe, seemed full of interest.

Yikes! Yikes!

Soon after he went down to the drawing room where the students were waiting, Helison burst into laughter as soon as he saw the students who were nervous.

"Laugh. Make yourself at home."

"Dae, I'm meeting the great wise man!"

The first thing in the lead was Timmy, who jumped up and bent down as if stunned, all the other students looked down after him.

"Hooray..."

But only one.

As much as Josiah Francis looked at him with a strange look.

"There's an interesting kid. I don't think there's ever been a kid like that before.'

While thinking about it, Helice slowly moved and smiled softly.

"Come on, think of yourself as your neighbor's grandfather and relax, otherwise you won't be able to talk."

"He, that's."

"Oh, he's fine. Oh, yeah, that's what happened."

Timmy, who was bending down to Helison's soft tone, slowly rose up, his eyes twinkling.

Helison Valestia, a great prophet who is called the greatest wizard of the continent to wizard students, was simply an absolute icon and the end of what he wanted to be.

As Helison waved his hand lightly, Manna moved and Manna began to move on her own.

Then, tables that seemed to be prepared in advance slowly flew in front of the students and settled down.

Subsequently, teapots and teacups began to be set one by one in front of the students, moving as if they were alive.

"Oh, my God... this miracle is controlling Manna without a spell."

"Surprised!"

The frightened students' eyes flashed as if they would shine at any moment.

On the contrary,

At least one person watched it with a calm look.

'Teacher.

He was the one who was ahead of him with useless anxiety that he would never see him again.

a boy of the same age who single-handedly ran to save himself from being kidnapped

However, the boy who gives such a great impression that he can't feel the same age, was similar to that but different.

'Wrong...... when you first used magic, you didn't feel like you needed a spear. If you felt like you were seeing the flow of manna and inducing control... ..."

On the contrary, teacher Debbie, who came to save himself, felt like he was manipulating Manna around him.

As if it had become Manna itself.

a strange feeling beyond the concept of domination, transcendence

I was curious about the identity of Debbie, who taught themselves, because I could not even feel it from the wise.

"Maybe, you're a dragon that only comes out of a fairy tale.'

Dragons, called the race that created magic, are common only in fairy tales. However, no one can tell if it exists, so he just dismissed it as a legend.

"Huh, hold it before it cools. Originally, I wanted to meet everyone separately and talk to them, but this is why we had no choice but to meet together."

"No, no! It's an honor to see you like this!"

At Timmy's cry, Helison sat down with a funny smile.

"Yes, I learned it under the teacher that this old man recommended."

"Oh... that lunatic..."

"Hmm?"

"Oh, no! It's nothing much. Hahaha!"

Timmy, embarrassed, blocked my mouth and smiled awkwardly.

"You mean Dr. Debbie?"

"Yeah, Debbie. That's the name. So, what do you think teacher Debbie was like?"

When asked by Helison, the students answered as if they were possessed.

"Crazy."

"Psychopath."

At the same answer, Helison watched the students with a blank face for a while and soon burst into laughter what was so funny.

* * *

As soon as he could afford it, Helison Valestia was able to hear from the students about what Deby did.

At first, the children had a hard time with Helison, but once they spoke, they talked about their experiences with God.

And the students' experiences were told by Helison Valestia, who just nodded silently.

"Oh, my God, do you know what the teacher said?"

"If he wants to live, he wants to die. If you leave your body to your instincts, you'll avoid the bomb."

The grumbling of Timmy and Alisa Jospog came out.

"If you really want it, the universe will come forward and help you."

"What an irresponsible teacher!"

Rosa Foren and Elly Taisha also shook her head in dismay.

The almost grumbling, grudging experience made Helison smile and put his tongue out.

"I've had a long life, but I've never had a class like that before. Heh... ..'

It was even more surprising that the performance was too good to be considered simply insane.

Josiah slowly raised his hand toward Helison, who was just listening silently.

"Ho, Miss Josiah Francois. So, do you have any questions?"

"What the hell is the teacher? No matter how hard I think about it, I don't look like a person."

"Hmm. What does that mean?"

"I think you know better than that."

Timmy, stunned by Yoshia's calm question, stopped Yoshia.

"Yo, Josiah! That's not a way of talking to the wise man!"

"Huh, that's okay. It's okay. Yes, Miss Josiah Francois. May I ask you why you ask such a question?"

"Sir... ..I thought you knew what Debbie was hiding. To be honest, I can't believe what I saw easily, so I'm asking you a question at the risk of being rude. Dr. Debbie... ..what the hell are you?"

Helison was agonizingly silent at the words.

"If Mr. Deby didn't tell you who he really is, it's his choice."

"But..."

"In the world. Miss Josiah Francois."

"......"

"There are so many people. Let's see... so, do you know the territory of Hines?"

The students' eyes met on his question.

"If it's the land of Hines... ...is that where the First Prince of the Lun kingdom, Prince Davy Olloun, is there?"

"Yeah, he's a great man who in less than a year turned the land that was near barren into the richest land. The prince is still young."

The students' expressions subtly showed their softness at the words.

"Well, honestly, the saint is loved by God. I think it's separate from long hours of training."

"Of course, even so, I thought he was a wonderful man when I heard rumors that he had ended the Undead situation in the Palan Empire."

The overall image was so.

He saved many people as a saint. He saved numerous commoners from the mysterious epidemic and made a brilliant contribution to dealing with the undead corps that may bring war clouds to the continent. a specimen of a saint who later concluded a massive event in a maritime city

"They're of similar age, but they're comparing such a great man with a teacher like a bully... ...heap! I'm sorry! I'll say something rude..."

"Hahahahahhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Helison laughed at what was so funny.

Then he asked.

"Yeah, I'll ask. Is Prince Davey a great man in your eyes?"

"Yes, of course. A saint who saves so many people is a hero."

"That's right. I heard you're a killer. I heard that you might actually marry the sword princess of the Palan Empire."

"Huh? I was told that there was a national marriage with the Queen of the Lindis Empire."

The students began to share their opinions.

"Huh, what kind of person was Mr. Debbie you saw?"

"Psychopath."

"Crazy."

However, the students admitted only one fact.

"An unidentified teacher who changed people in a way that transcends imagination."

"To be honest, I don't want to admit it, but we've improved our skills by a landslide in just 15 days."

The students' words suddenly made Josiah feel a sense of separation.

Mr. Debbie. Prince Davy.

'Oh, my God...'

I thought so, but Josiah shook his head.

Prince Davy was a saint. Deby was a divinity manipulator, and not to mention, a wizard. It's a wizard that's hard to measure a circle properly.

Besides, I've never felt sacred from him.

Above all, it was not funny that such a punk teacher was a specimen of an adult who lived and was praised as a hero who saved many people.

It may not be the smile of ridicule, but the person with a soft and wonderful smile.

Perhaps he is a prince riding a white horse, which is only seen in fairy tales.

That's what I thought.

Rumors are consequently inaccurate.

As such, to Josiah, Prince Davy's appearance was mostly imaginary.

'If he's Prince Davey, he'll have a fireball in my hand.'

She shook her head, saying it was almost a disaster.

In the first place, the premise that a priest who uses the Holy Magic is a wizard was wrong.

The reality was that even if a magic test exists, no one who uses magic and divine power at the same time could exist.

"Dr. Debbie is a horse. Unless he says it himself or happens to know it, if he didn't try to reveal his identity, it would be a courtesy for him not to let him know."

"Well, that's right."

Yoshia, who mumbled curtly, clasped my hand.

I want to see you again.

His...

I want to suck his blood.

Reflectively thinking so, she shook her head.

"My, what did I think?"

Confused by her own thoughts, she carefully turned back to Helison.

"Huh, yeah. I think I'll be able to give you guys a piece of Deby's news."

"Really? Where can I see it?""

"The teacher! He just disappeared without saying hello properly!"

At the students' torch, Helison Valestia gave an interesting laugh as if she had found a toy.

"Yeah, I said I was heading for the Hines estate of the Loun Kingdom, and I think there's business there."

The words drew students' attention.

"That's a good for you. Experience in the world is an important corporate thing. You can't just stick your head around in the academy forever. What do you say, why don't you take this holiday to the Heinz estate of the Loun Kingdom?"

"Hines... ...to the estate?"

"Yeah, since this old man happens to have some acquaintance with Prince Davy, why don't we go on to the wide world and meet a saint of great murder? While you're at it, it's a good idea to find Mr. Debbie."

"Oh! I heard that there was a lady of the clock in the Hines estate! He's an alchemist who made a great invention in his early teens."

"There are so many great people in the world!"

Experiencing the wide world firsthand. Experience how useless the solid stereotypes you have built are.

That's what Helison intended.

A thousand hearings are not worth one seeing. It's better to watch it once than to hear a hundred words.

Helison began to wonder how much more he would grow if he added a sense of novelty to the student's growth, which completely changed his student in just 15 days.

It occurred to me that if I saw the boy who broke the common sense that magic and divine power cannot coexist in person, I would have a great realization for the students.

What if Prince Davey eats some gum in the process?

It is also interesting.

There may be a massive explosion in the enemy tower.

Prince Davy, who he knows, would not commit such a merciless act. He thought so.

The word "freedom" will be used in these places like this.