328 # 328

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Fourteen Books and the First Episode 1

Uh-huh.

When the hundreds-meter-long dragon with huge silent scales fell asleep quietly, the nearby people carefully moved to their faces, fearing that the ferocious dragon would wake up.

"What is the status of the dragon?"

"Here you are, Grand Duke. As you can see, I fell asleep after eating enough."

"......"

A pale-skinned man bowed quietly at the question of a horned man who glanced at the dragon without a word.

"This is just the beginning. Black Dragon can't be satisfied because it hasn't fully recovered yet."

"Oh, no!"

"But if you wait a little longer and a little longer, that Black Dragon will come back to life. Then I will kill all the hateful humans."

The pale-skinned vampire smiled grimly at the horse of a horned man called the Great Prince.

"Is there any possibility?"

"I put all my life and death on this war. When the devil is resurrected, he can take the land back from those hateful men. Don't forget that."

"Yes."

"What about the movements of the humans.

The vampire quietly answered the man's question of moving his steps again.

"We have been briefed on the gathering of the nobility in the central Palan Empire. Maybe they're trying to figure out what to do about this."

"Yes, did you send the messenger? They're idiots who will notice the status of the cannabis and vampires by themselves."

"Yeah, I've got some unforgettable gifts. Don't worry. Even if there was a monster, the messenger would finish his business safely."

"Huh, it's only human."

The acting president, who made a mockery, grabbed the black jewel in his hand and walked again.

* * *

"Hey, you rude!"

"How young and full of spirit! How can you say such a thing like that!"

"You have to pay for what you sayings. Son of a saint!

The atmosphere around me cooled down from the start due to the spread of the energy fight.

Horror eyes fly at me from all sides.

Varys sighed with one hand, pressing the temple with one hand, wondering if he had never thought I would directly refute the emperor of the Western Empire.

It's just that I'm not myself, but I don't have such a good opportunity.

"Don't argue with Jim?"

His act of talking nonsense showed an unpleasant look by the Lindis emperor, Deord Alindis.

"Don't forget the fundamental purpose of your present position, Conthas the Great."

"Huh! The old man in the East is very much in love with the saint."

"It must be the custom of the Western Empire to make a rough tongue of it. But your father wasn't so arrogant to me either."

He frowned at Emperor Deord's remarks, which showed his displeasure.

I`m sorry, but this is not the tradition of our Contas Empire. Emperor Deord, I respect you as an emperor and as an unarmed. However, I believe that anyone who is respected will understand why I made this choice."

"... ...the clever one."

Quite a few people responded to Contas the Great's the Great.

Obviously, if there was someone who had been preparing for this even before it happened and he had not given any word, it would have been a matter to take seriously.

"Let's get this straight. Prince Davey the saint. Long before this, you used a large amount of money to buy new weapons from the Palan Empire, custom-made and loaded them into warehouses within the Palan Empire. Other investments were made to airlift food and mass-produce attack magic scrolls on the tower."

Contas the Great spoke quietly.

"Oh, my God... it's completely..."

I think we predicted this situation."

"Huh! Why didn't you tell me this in advance!"

There began to be a torch filled with discontent here and everywhere.

It must happen that what I have done is known.

In addition, whether you like it or not, the current questioning is something that you must go through once in the future.

"That's right! If I had predicted this would happen! If I had told everyone about this! The two countries wouldn't have been burned down in a few days!!"

knock, knock

In an instant, when the situation turned like the hearing, the poor Salivan lightly knocked on the table.

"Are you all having a joint meeting? Or are we holding a hearing?"

"Prince Salivan! The same goes for the Crown Prince! If you know this, explain to everyone why you hid it!"

Saliban's expression was even more frowned as several royal representatives jumped on the momentum of the Great Contas.

The problem was some of the yellow men present here.

"Isn't your brother still lacking the ability to tell the difference between big and small things?"

"Because I'm so incompetent..."

The feverish Salivan glared at them with a sharp look, but the princes only gave them a relaxed smile.

"What are you doing?"

I asked quietly when I saw them.

"What?"

"I've prepared a lot of things, just like the high priest said. You know, if you'really. What did you do while I was preparing like this?"

"Well, what do you call that?! Son of a saint!

Immediately, several furious aristocrats from other countries asked indignantly.

"It's already been quite a while since the crisis in the state of Felisty. After that, the Undeed of the Palen Empire and the Monsters Invasion of the Sea City of Valcas."

It was for a moment that the crowd who were making a lot of noise about me kept their mouths shut.

"Please answer the question. Were you an incompetent leader who never felt at all conciliatory while I was dealing with them?"

"Wow, we don't hear God's voice! It's the saint's duty to hear it and let us know!"

"Did you think the saint was the notification magic whispering into your ears? How can I tell you that I didn't even get off? Do you want me to give you a lie?"

"God, blasphemy!"

"The blasphemy is what you want."

Boom!

"You're a saint, but you're not too rude! Is this the will of the Kingdom of Lounge?! Or is it the will of the Holy Land?!"

"That's right! Are you sure you can handle this kind of course."

"Stop it!"

Emperor Derart was indignant and mediated the surroundings.

"Prince David. Don't set the pace with their petty politics."

No, Emperor Deport continued to fan me and supported me.

"You've already seen three major events, and you've noticed that there's some sort of power."

I still can't confirm whether one is related to vampires or not.

Everyone was silent about my shifting steps.

"If you've learned anything in the past, you should have prepared yourself for the future. First of all, is it wrong for the person who has prepared for the future because of anxiety Or,"

Was it the fault of those who cared about the state coffers, saying that it was not their job after three such incidents?

"I can't give you the least amount of my word!"

When I laughed at the question, the royal family of great physique frowned.

"As soon as. Ha...! As soon as possible. By the way,"

My eyes, which slowly closed and opened, flashed red momentarily.

"Why do I have to deal with your petty incompetence?"

"Hey, hey, hey!

"Prince Manatrina, this is the situation. Are you sure you can handle it?"

"I will never tolerate this rudeness. I want you to report to His Majesty right now..."

At the words, I quietly took a small crystal ball out of my arms.

At the same time, a cute little elf girl appeared over a self-operated crystal ball.

[Davie.]

"Emily, what's the arrangement?"

[Can't let the Continental Crisis slide] The number of Elf soldiers is not that large, but the Nymphs and Ant sent reinforcements. I'm done preparing for the war.]

From now on, we will turn the edge of the soldier`s spear. The destination is the Kingdom of Manatrinas."

I start to look alarmed at what I say."

Those who fight for the interests of their country are enemies, even though the enemy poses a great threat to peace on the continent is just around the corner. I'm going."

My determined remarks began to resonate all over the place.

However, none of the leaders of the three kingdoms came forward.

"Hey, hey! What the hell are you doing?!

Realizing that something was wrong, the prince of the Kingdom of Manatrinas hurriedly tried to mediate the situation by looking at the emperor and me of the three empires alternately.

"Great, the Continental Warfare Convention..."

"Round Kingdom will withdraw from the Continental Union as of this time. Honey, the Continental Union's Convention on the Elimination of War has nothing to do with the Kingdom of Loun. Amelia."

[Really...] You're launching an attack on humans?]

"The scariest thing in the war is not the strong enemy, but the incompetent allies. I'm going."

[......]

Amelia sighed at my words and turned her head.

Soon after, he seemed to be talking to someone and opened his mouth again.

Sinmok's mother agreed with Davy's opinion. From now on, I will move the Nimf, the Elf, and the whole army of the Spirit's allies.]

"Wait, wait!"

When the Elves suddenly turned the spearhead, it was the prince of the Kingdom of Manatrinas that was embarrassed.

He shouted at me with a pale face.

"Hey, this is ridiculous! We're fighting each other in a place of continental security!"

"Same side? I don't think you're on the same side. He's the enemy's man."

[Listen!] Everybody march. Destination is small kingdom of central continent! Manatranas! We must seize the kingdom and surrender as soon as possible! Don't forget that I'm not a real human being, I'm a group of people who want to burn the entire continent!]

Emilia, who ordered the advance as if she were listening, seemed a little uncomfortable, but he was flustered by a firm cry.

"Who, who would argue about wrongs and make a life-or-death decision? De, Prince Daveyah! Calm down."

"What's wrong with you? This is what you want, isn't it? It's not that you didn't hear who the enemy was. It's the Black Dragon. In just a few days, a monster that devastated the kingdom is pushing in. Do you want to start with future interests that may or may not be in danger of the whole Daeruk falling into chaos?"

Coooooooong!

When the white sanctity burst out of my whole body, some opened their eyes to the pressure of the sanctity of being a saint.

"Excuse me, please."

"Stop, Prince of Manatrias, if you behave any more freely, the Contas Empire, one of the three pillars of the Continental Union, will not protect you."

"The same goes for the Palan Empire."

"The Lindis empire deals sternly."

"Well, that can't be..."

I asked quietly, leaving behind the prince who collapsed with a devastated face.

"Another complaint."

"......"

There's no way there's such a thing.

The fools fell into the trap set by the leaders of the three empires.

"There's no disagreement. Our kingdom of Valkas will follow the opinion of our great benefactor Prince Davy, the great benefactor. Also, if Prince Davy were to leave the Continental Union, our Balkans would be equally hostile to the Kingdom of Manatranas."

"...oh, when do we make such a life-and-death decision? Well, I was just wondering a little bit. Come on, calm down your anger..."

They were caught trying to tear something apart.

Most of the people who sweat and make excuses were the ones who bit me a while ago.

"Prince David. That's enough."

Soon after Saliban opened his mouth quietly, I reconnected the crystal ball and called Amelia off the advance.

There was not a single person who opened his mouth recklessly in a chaotic conference room that seemed to have been hit by a storm.

Later I asked for Contas the Great.

"Daeje, did you keep the entertainment in mind?"

Then I stopped walking in the middle of the huge table.

At the same time, he added slightly.

"We can't specify the location of the enemy, and we don't know the purpose. You don't know the power, and you don't know where to start. That's why we've prepared this for the Palan Empire, the central country where we can deliver weapons to the entire continent the fastest. I was worried about a possible or not conflict. Has that been answered, chief?"

What I said made him giggle about what was so funny.

"Hahahaha...hahaha! That's great! That's great! It's more than I expected!"

He wiped the smile off his face after shouting.

"I recommend Prince Davy as the commander of the expedition."

At the same time, Salivan and Emperor Deord added as if they had been waiting.

"The same is true of the Lindis Empire."

The Palan Empire is in favor it."

Some of the kingdom's characters were embarrassed as if they hadn't even heard such a story, but there was no human being who had no fear of throwing opposition in a position in favor of all the Three Emperors.

Didn't you just watch the situation of the Kingdom of Manatranas in Ancho?

"Prince David."

He called me quietly.

"Your insight is amazing. All right, I'll admit Jim's rudeness. Anything is fine. I'll give you Jim's neck."

"Great, great!"

"Stop it! You are born a man and don't say a word with one mouth. How dare you people humiliate your king?"

And he was satisfied with his face when he bowed slightly to me without hesitation.

If this worked out well, he already knew what kind of blame I would find for preparing this in advance.

So he boldly set fire from the start.

Although it is apparently radical on the surface, it is definitely a decision to clean up the post-mortem issues.

At the same time, the action to see how I deal with it is quite cute.

But that remark was good.

"You can't hope for the consumptive act of cutting the king's head. But it's good if you tell me what you want."

Have you heard of it?

It's a bomb parachute appointment.

"Please appoint a commander-in-chief to replace me. The Emperor of the Three Kingdoms, led by the Great Emperor, must approve it. Raina, come on in."

With my words that followed, the door of the conference room opened, and Raina walked slowly in, a beautiful woman who fluttered her sky-blue hair.