325 # 325

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 13th and 23rd episodes

You have to be the most embarrassed.

Illina, who was looking up at Layna as if she had lost her words, slowly tried to reach out and stopped.

With a look of uncertainty about what to say and what to do, Illina kept looking at Raina and me alternately.

Therefore, I threw a keyword as a confirmation.

"Say hi. He's very close to you."

Illina's expression was subtly frown at my words.

"Someone close? Do I know him?"

"Maybe you know best."

Illina's mouth was sulky because of her playful tone.

"What the... what the hell is..."

"Will you believe me if I say it's you?"

Illina's eyes were slightly wide open at my words.

Then, Veryl, who was watching it without saying a word, opened his eyes slightly.

Well, let's see how it comes out.

"What... ..."

"Fighter Reina. Illina de Palan on the parallel line. The commander of the 4th Division of the Last Resistance Army, the only one remaining alive, was defeated by Percerk, the demon king, who was revived after a plot by a vampire."

Before Reina died, when she was drinking with me.

She told me a lot of her stories.

How lonely, painful, and sad all this time.

Illina's pupils trembled incessantly at the continuous explanation.

It was well known that what I said was not a simple joke because she had been through me.

"Lies... Oh, no."

It was Illina who saw Reina in a confused voice.

Reina, on the other hand, looked at me with a look of incomprehension.

"Are we really allowed to do this?"

"It's okay. I'm doing it because I believe in it."

Reina questioned my unexpected answer but said nothing more.

It's time for a bite.

"He was seriously injured in the undead situation in the Palan Empire and taken prisoner and detained by the Mahan army, and suffered years of terrible torture and humiliation that could not be described in words."

The trembling hands of Illinois turned pale as if they were going to break.

"Shall I tell you what's going on here?"

At last, Illina's eyes were reddened by my subsequent words.

Then he looked at Reina with a look of realness.

The manna in the air began to shake, but not a single person except me seemed to notice it.

"All these words... are true..."

Boom!!

Then, Illina opened her eyes wide before she could finish and stopped.

She wasn't the only one.

Except for Reina and me, the whole world felt as if it had stopped.

"It's... ..."

"It will happen if you make a fuss about the past. Look, you've been wiped out. That won't change."

"......"

"If you force yourself to remind me of your existence."

Speaking calmly, I covered my mouth with one hand and spat out what was stuck in my mouth.

It was a red-hot six-piece.

The reality is that once you enter the 9th circle, you get closer to internal immunity, but even though you are in such a position, the impact was not normal.

"We're going to be regulated, aren't we?"

"Okay... are you okay?""

Surprised, Reina rushed to help me.

"What are you doing?""

The scene of shouting urgently was the same enough to make me think that it makes sense even with age.

"Never try to experiment. Even if it's the moment you bring these facts up for the purpose of disruption..."

You disappear from the spot.

Raina's face turned pale at a word without a lie.

"Don't commit suicide because you spent a lot of money on it."

"Oh, my God... ...there's no human being who can show that in this ignorant way!"

"You know, here."

Pointing at me and jokingly speaking, I soon reached for her.

Curse is originally half made for good purposes. I'm sorry, but I'll put a curse on your face. As long as I am alive, I will remain semi-permanent."

"You're not going to see me as Illinois?"

"It's similar, but I don't think they're the same person."

This is not the only way to prepare.

"If that's the case, I wish I hadn't made this face in the first place..."

"It's easy to say, and what did you do wrong to fix that pretty face?"

She smiled dejectedly at my words.

"If I had heard of this place, I would have fallen for it."

"You don't?"

"Well, I'm willing to give you anything, body or mind, if you want, but I'm not as clean as you think. Honestly, I'm a little scared of men."

"Do as you please. I hate doing things around here and there, too. Close your eyes."

Whoo!

And at the same time, the air currents surrounded Reina for a moment. When it was completely gone, I flicked my finger and slowly defrosted the hardened mana around.

Once thawed, Manna soon began to slowly unravel the area, causing a chain reaction, and soon the hardened Illinois and Belial began to move again.

"Davie, who the hell is this... ..uh?"

And Illina, who had been absent-minded, has repeated the same thing to me as if the interim process had been deleted.

To be exact, it stopped while doing it.

Illina tilted her head as she looked at Reina with a questionable face.

"Strange? I'm sure..."

Reina's face remained unchanged.

However, no one saw her as the same person as Ilyna de Palan.

I just looked at him as someone who looked a little alike.

a perception curse

This means that the 9-circle curse used for Reina has settled down properly.

"What's wrong with you? staring into a person's face"

"Oh, no. I'm sorry. It was rude. Oh, no, that's not it. Yes! You! What makes you judge me like that? What do you know about me?"

When Illina snapped at me as if she had been grumpy for no reason, Reina looked at me quietly.

Then he shook his head quietly.

"That was a slip of the tongue. Please forgive my rudeness if you were offended. Lady Hwang."

Illina looked embarrassed at the calm tone that was different from her previous one, which had been subtly choked.

"No, well... if you say so, I have nothing more to say..."

Unlike me, who has a temperament to bite when the opponent's tail is lowered, Illina did not like the meaningless division itself.

On the contrary, all my attention was on that man named Belial after Reina's work.

"Raina."

"Yes."

"How many positions does he hold?"

"Well, I've never had that much conversation. But I'm sure it was a very high position."

"Really? Well, you know more than I thought."

As I said so, I looked at him and asked.

"What made you come all the way here?"

He didn't answer my question.

Instead, they asked questions in reverse.

"Come on over... ...man, do you mean you know where we came from?"

"Did I look like a pushover enough to give you information without thinking?"

Instead of answering, he remained silent, but he constantly looked at me.

The eyes were more of a boundary than hatred or hatred.

I`m just a failure in my mission anyway. I have no value as a prisoner. Although I thank you for treating me humanely without killing me, it's just another matter."

"That's too bad. I was going to get the information out of the way if I got here."

We look at each other through a quiet war of nerves.

He was well aware that he didn't touch Belial to be considerate of Illinois.

"But before the prisoners of war, that human woman is like a lifesaver. Though the enemy is the enemy, he does not do anything stupid that cannot distinguish between grace and revenge."

He said so, but he got up and said, leaving.

"I'll pay you back."

I eased my hands lightly at the sight of him saying his words and disappearing.

Then he slowly got up and looked at Ilina and snapped his hand clappingly.

"What, what?"

"What do you mean? You should do what you always do."

After instinctively realizing what I was doing, Illina sprang up.

Seureung!

At the same time, he pulled out Caldiras and shuddered away from me.

At the same time, it was so funny that his pupils were constantly shaking.

"Well, you don't have to do that, do you?"

"I'm going crazy even if you do it for me. You can't even pay for this anywhere."

"Well, I know that!"

"Then take it well, dude."

Boom!

Even before the end of the conversation, Illina, who had been overtaken by Reina and overpowered, struggled desperately in cold sweat.

It is a desperate resistance for a brilliant blonde woman with a noble atmosphere.

The scene where the future self was holding and overpowering himself in the past was a complete scene.

Of course, I don't know about it at all.

Illina, who reached Sodmaster, was a strong contender.

But Reyna was a warrior who had been out of that line for a while.

Sodmasters can't be a big threat to me.

"It'll only hurt for the first time. I feel better soon."

The girl, Illina de Palan, seemed to have a miraculous constitution that made a person's desire to massage just by looking at her.

You don't do it to others at all. If I knew the efficacy of your massage, I would bring a bundle of money.

'That's my refusal. I don't want to do it for you unless you're this good.'

Wooddeuk...

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The terrible scream was a bonus.

* * *

"You bloody bastard!"

A white-haired man gritted his teeth looking at the huge laboratory that had been completely blown away.

Perhaps because he was in a state of severe wounds as if his whole body had been burned, he made a murderous expression that seemed to tear and kill someone if he was caught.

Everything was going well as planned.

but

It was time for final processing using materials supplied from Pandora's area.

What the researchers touched was a big explosion.

It was a shocking and divine explosion.

As a result, the body of the king was severely damaged, and half of the people who took him as a sacrifice became unacceptable.

It was his intention to anger vampires, although the ignorant and absurd idea of repenting the hatred with divine magic is absurd in the important work of using human hatred as a source of sacrifice.

It's in the palm of your hand.

In the first place, he was aware of their research and progress by simply supplying and receiving materials.

It is questionable how humans can create such a ridiculous situation.

As a result, he succeeded in doing such a thing.

Thanks to this, he lost a considerable amount of time in the resurrection of the devil himself.

"Not like this. It's time to show the pride of the nobility."

"If you're ready, move."

Angry vampires no longer opposed the war, and everyone gave their approval.

The decision soon moved their long-prepared corps.

It was also a moment of war.

Only they didn't know that.

The fact that there is a secret association waiting to move with a large number of troops.