329 # 329

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second installment of the 14th volume.

Yuck!

Reina's eyes widened at the beauty of the door, and everyone's eyes were on her.

She looked calm in the gaze of the royal family and even the royal family, who had a large wall, who seemed to shrink.

Her life was too rough to be intimidated by the gaze of countless people.

I glanced at Salivan as she appeared with a huge unwoldo wrapped around her back.

It was because I wondered if my brother, who cares terribly about his younger brother, might recognize him.

"Who is that woman?"

However, there was no one who judged Raina to be the same person as Illina, as to whether the curse worked properly.

"I'd like to say hello. This is Raina."

"Laina...... do you have a last name?"

"Yes."

There was a buzzing cry around the firm answer.

"A commoner in the world! The common people are now..."

"You mean you're going to make me commander?""

In the cries of the bewildered, Contas the Great watched Reina alternately for a long time.

Then he lifted up his leg and hit the floor.

Whoo!

With an ignorant sound, the ground splits on one side and everyone's eyes turned to him.

"Stop! Her existence is not a lie. You fools It's also oil-based that you can't recognize a strong man who is far beyond the sodmaster."

The fighters with high strength seemed to have noticed the power Raina had at once.

To them, I may just be a strange creature that can't feel anything, but Raina would be seen as having a large amount of manna and divine power in her body.

"Who is she?"

"I'm a hero called by God. Not only the military, but also the command of the troops, you have the ability to do nothing wrong."

Everyone looked at her suspiciously at my explanation.

That's because her outward appearance, though in her twenties, looked too young.

It was a long time ago that she became a sodmaster.

She looked like a maiden of her flower-like age, with no change in her appearance because she suffered from a transformation.

"I'm the one who took God's weapon, the Longinus, to the cause. It's my freedom to doubt my abilities."

I, who cut off the conversation, smiled at Contas the Great.

"I'm sure the high priest won't say a word in one mouth, will he?"

He giggled at what was so funny.

"You were playing at the top of Jim's head in the beginning. Did Jim bring the situation here with a thrust?"

I didn't answer his question.

"That's good. That spirit! I'll buy you high! Did you say Reyna?"

"Yes."

I recommend you as commander of this coalition under the name of the Great Contas. Any differences?"

"There isn't."

"No."

Other countries that benefited from the good wishes of the three rulers of the Three Kingdoms, including the Duchy of Felisty and the Baltic states, voted in favor.

The acting king of the country and the national miners, who had been very wary of my ever-increasing power, nodded quietly when they realized there was nowhere to retreat.

It was a moment when a parachute commander was appointed without proving a single ability.

"I can't stand by this. Although the belated action caused the two countries to fall apart, there will be no more! I demand the Allied presence."

"I'm for it."

It was not long before I nodded quietly at Reina when the Great Godfathers voted by nature.

Then he moved slowly and pulled the white flames out of one hand.

"Prince David?"

"Before that, I think you should all hear who the enemy is."

Speaking calmly, I reached into the air in the middle of the conference room.

Whoo!

At the same time, something was caught in my hand and the surrounding space began to twist.

"Oh, my God!"

It was the screams of the unexpected.

A pale-skinned man dressed in black in the air, which had not been seen before, was dragged out.

"Huh?! hahaha!"

"Chi, he's an intruder!"

"Have Your Majesty!"

With the cries of the embarrassed, the guards who protected the kings pulled out their swords in unison.

But I stopped their fuss with one hand and spoke quietly.

"I had a hard time hiding. I won't ask you what glory you've been hiding for."

"Kuh...khhhh! Rain, damn man! How!"

"Is that what you'"

I put him on the floor as I said calmly.

Then he lifted the box in his hand lightly.

The contents of the box, which seemed to be a gift...

"You'd better not see it."

Some of what I said were already mouth-to-mouth as if they had seen the content and some of them looked suspicious.

"What! What the hell is that?"

"The head of King Solbran."

My words moved a man with a pale face on the floor.

Then he gave a strange smile.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The price against the noblemen of the night and the existence of the manatee will not be light."

"Fa, the nobleman of the night?""

"The existence of a magical world."

The man's smile deepened toward the surprised.

"The Great Prince of Mana, Astarot, has come here to condemn you in personally. And we must not forget that our great night nobles have begun to move to condemn you arrogant humans."

"The nobleman of the night... no way. Vampires..."

Salivan's muttering surprised some.

"Oh, ha! Everyone will die. No matter how many times you've come together, the results won't change! Your resistance will die for nothing, and soon the demon king, who will open his eyes, will destroy you and return the land to its original master!"

He shouted at me, exaggerating like an actor with an audience.

"Davie All Right! How dare you to be arrogant against the aristocracy! From this time on, there's nothing you can do! I will destroy you in the name of the Son of Man when the Devil is resurrected! All human necks in front of you."

Whoo!

A terrible evil spread throughout his curse.

The men, weighed down by the spirit, opened their eyes wide and stopped, unable to breathe properly with their pale faces.

Raina cut his hair with the undewoldo, which fluttered the golden air when the cloth was untied.

At the same time, his body, which was slowly swelling like a bomb, began to contract again as if it had become flat for a moment.

He was a man of considerable power, but the divine power of Reina sent the existence of such a spirit to the Lord at once.

"The vampires and the Maas will march again soon. We don't have enough time, so move right away. I'll take command of the Central Allied Forces until all continents gather."

Taw! Lightly shaking off the blood from Unwoldo Island, she turned around without hesitation and left the conference room.

After that, I turned around quietly.

"Prince Davy."

It was then.

Turning to a familiar voice, I could find Alice, the candidate for the saint, slowly approaching me.

"Long time no see. Prince."

"Your face has become quite comfortable."

"Thanks to you, I thought a lot."

Speaking calmly, she took a small cross out of her arms.

"I'm sure you've put up a representative because you're moving separately. It may be a poor thing for the saint. May God bless you in what you do."

I, who received the cross without words without revealing my innermost feelings, smiled silently.

"I heard the news. Rina's the final candidate."

"Yes, Lina was more noble than I thought. This is the last time I've been a candidate for a saint. From now on, he's just one god serving God."

She laid down all her powers and rights as a candidate for sex.

Therefore, he seemed to have been very talkative at one time in Sungkuk, but he seemed to respect his choice.

I've got to hand to you.

A grin said she quietly.

"I heard the rumor. He creates an academy that can teach everyone."

"Where else did you hear that?"

"In my dream, God made the first revelation. Ha...... a voice that I've never heard before that longed for."

She said so and asked with a look of relief.

"Even though I'm not good enough... ...I want to be a teacher of theology. If you come back safely in this war."

"There is no reason to refuse."

"Thank you."

Alice was in some ways a great priest, and it was a matter of great fire in the past.

She has become the last candidate for the Holy Woman with her ability.

* * *

Human movements were being reported in detail.

The Vampires and Maasite allies began their advance by dividing several directions behind the numerous-scale main force.

However, it was clear that despite the fact that it was an advance team, the number was a large-scale military corps with as many as 150,000 troops.

Lower vampires, hematocrites, eroded monsters, and ferocious beasts from the mana.

Although the heavy load on the way to the Tionis continent made it difficult to control the beasts, it did not weaken them.

Their brutality remained the same, and they were at risk of biting the enemy at any time.

Gorgon, a senior vampire who is currently leading an advance team to suppress human seizures, felt quite satisfied with the armour of the horse harness, which amplifies his strength.

Wearing armor alone not only strengthens your energy beyond your original strength, but also follows your orders from brutal beasts who are hard to control.

As many as 150,000 hearts.

Nothing in the world seemed to be able to stop the army if every single one of them looked at threatening soldiers following the terrible number of armies.

Besides, there is a presence behind them that humans are most wary and afraid of.

Black Dragon Gargas.

Originally a wise dragon.However, it looked like a dragon that was long exposed to the power of mana, weakened and eroded by reason.

Even if it was weaker than the magical creature Dragon, called the magic bell, it certainly did not go anywhere.

"Huh, 150,000 for a spy mission? It's not funny that 150,000 people are so wary of a human being like that's not funny."

Mumbling coldly, he kicked Goblin hard on the back of his head as he walked with a vague gait nearby and murmured irritably.

"I'm not the body to do this kind of spy mission! This body."

It's a good thing it's been done. I'd rather push it like this and take those weak-kneed bastards down. If he makes a contribution, his master will look back on himself.

There was nothing to be afraid of if it was not a small number but 150,000 troops and every single one of them was such a dangerous force.

Laughing!!

It was then.

A goblin and a ghost wolf, who had left for a reconnaissance mission far away, quickly ran toward Gorgon.

Gorgon had no hesitation in piercing Goblin's head with a heavy hand.

Kick!

Gorgon, who pulled a part of his brain out of Goblin's head, who had not even finished screaming, smiled grimly as if he had eaten a snack or chewed Goblin's brain.

"Ha... ha ha ha ha. At the very least, human beings, what would you do?"

He was a vampire with an unusual power to eat his opponent's brain and absorb his memory.

So, although it was usually used for reconnaissance missions with monsters, Gorgon himself was confident that his abilities would only be limited to that extent.

Although there is a arrogant human being who is concerned about his master in the opponent's history, isn't that human?

He was a terrible aristocratic chauvinist.

He was an extremist man who said that any race except the aristocracy was only inferior.

"Move! You little bastards! I'll let you eat the meat of the humans for dinner!"

The original mission was to examine the enemy's movements and tie their feet until additional troops came, but Gorgon had a different mind.

With his armor-resistant self and this large force, he can defeat them at once.

It was actually enough power.

Thus, he did not stop the march itself, and he was able to find numerous human soldiers and cavalry watching him as if he were facing him in a large plain.

"It's going to be a boring war."

I can't believe you came here without fear.

Gorgon was about to give the order to march, thinking so.

"Hmm?"