326 # 326

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Thirteen volumes and Twenty-four episodes

"Sigh... Sigh..."

Her loose eyes, panting breath, hot cheeks, drooling from her mouth reminds her of a very obscene appearance, but sadly, her clothes were neat as if proving that no one had ever touched them.

"What an amazing body."

It is a mysterious body that has a strong desire to massage at any moment.

The Swordmaster and the Expert will remain the same.

If you look at the strength of your own strength, you won't be able to break it with a machine gun from your previous life.

That's what transformation is.

Human beings, the only race that can cross the limit because they have the most ambiguous power, undergoes self-evolution once they experience transformation.

A soft skin, but a body that absorbed mana, when needed, was no different from being an extremely rigid shield itself.

Let's pull out a dagger without a word, strengthen my body and draw my fingertips...

Cargagagagak...

Rather than being cut by a knife, the reflexes made the blade hurt.

"Oh, I feel it every time..."

In your case, your body is more strange. It's not usually that bad.

No matter how hard a sodmaster is, he is not as ignorant as he is.

Honestly, haven't you had only one transformation? You'll have to go through three or four more transformation periods if you're not that ignorant?

"What should I say..."

It's happened once before.

When I survived in the desert.

It was when I was sucked into the basement because I fell into something wrong.

The man who was welcoming me at that time had thousands of teeth sticking out of his mouth with a giant sandstorm, and had the power and sharpness to pierce steel.

I almost died at first.

"I got used to it after I chewed it again."

Well... ..I don't think you can get used to wanting to get used to it.

"The body will continue to strengthen. I was a soul back then. The power is being slowly applied to the body as it is all engraved in my soul."

Didn't I tell you before?

The first thing that taught me was none other than the ignorant monster of the physical school.

Hercules, a survival expert.

"He's simply a test of how strong a man can be."

How hard was he actually?

In her question, I took the last-ditch first-choice battle in the corridor as the best example.

Not all heroes were as crazy as then.

"I stopped your father from breaking the sea with my bare body. In the first place, the lunatic survival expert doesn't have a shield or a weapon on his body."

Oh, my God.

It is impossible to know how large the sword was used to separate the sea.

In particular, the heavy sword of the body is not a speed or technique, but rather a grandiose technique that focuses on destructive power.

The reality was that there was virtually no hero except Hercules who took such a sword with no body.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

After covering Ilina, who was shivering and convulsing, with a blanket, I wiped my smile off and said quietly.

"I have no one to listen to, so let me see you."

I heard a sign outside the door.

It was Belial.

Later, I spoke to Persek through will.

Persec, can you take a look at Ilyanna for a second?'

I guess it's something she shouldn't hear.

'I don't care if you listen to it. I don't really recommend it.'

In my words, Persec seemed troubled for a long time, then nodded and sat on the simple bed of the cabin.

Yeah, she doesn't have to stand by you in everything.

"Yes."

After saying so, I walked along with Belial without anyone listening in a long time.

Belial followed me slowly with a wary glance, and by the time I arrived not far from the cottage that stretched out in Illinois, I had a light hand.

Uh-huh.

At the same time, Mu Young-chang's Silence Curtain unfolded, and Belial looked at me without hiding his gaze that he was a little puzzled.

"What do you want to say? Human."

"We don't have to be formal between us. I'll ask you straightforwardly. Clarify the purpose of your coming here."

"......"

"Otherwise, whatever Ilina said, you're dead here."

without a smile

Belial's expression began to turn pale as a huge mana began to move.

In the first place, he was seriously injured and was recovering.

Even if he fought in a normal state, he would have known best that he was not the one to do anything if the power gap was significant.

......

"Silence..."

Whoooooo!

One of his arms fell off as soon as he finished talking.

"Huh?"

"You think I'm kidding, right?"

When he smiles and asks a question, he steps back.

It means that you won't accept my smile.

I opened my mouth again to him, who faltered and walked away without even thinking of rebelling.

"The arm, if you don't put it back in less than 30 minutes, you can't put it on forever. Think carefully."

"You're crazy, as expected. Madness ate into the soul, not the body."

I looked quite surprised at the unexpected comment.

Come to think of it, I think there was only one of the mah people that Harres had ever realized that he was the only one who could guess my condition just by just looking at my condition.

So

"Was it Seop Melphrog?"

"...that's... how did you do it?"

"I don't know. Melphrog's eyes make me aware of my condition. I'm sure it's been a while. Is it a descendant?"

"......"

He clenched his teeth at my words.

"You're going to shut your mouth to the end."

"Crazy."

"Honestly, I've never told anyone."

After remembering everything and living for nearly a thousand years, the human self cannot be intact.

"I was a little crazy."

Whoooooo!

Soon the other arm was cut off in a flash.

I asked quietly, although it seemed ridiculous for others to see him in a situation where he was being driven only by a simple sword.

"What is your purpose? I told you I'm going to crush the vampire, but I don't think you're going to just cooperate with the vampire and turn this place into a mess."

I have already done my best at the time of the death of my close aide, Nick."

"The gold that Knicks had on you? He's already been invoiced, so it won't work."

He avoided my eye at what I said.

"The eyes are turning. Did you hit the nail right on the head?"

"......"

"Then what is it? I don't think he's particularly greedy. It's a bit negative about the resurrection of the devil. The reason why the current rulers of the world sent you on foot is that it's hard to say that they and you have the same purpose."

I smiled as I was pointing out one by one.

"If you're a descendant of Melfrog, you can see the soul."

Speaking calmly, I soon used his scattered arms to lift them up.

Whoo!

At the same time, he looked at me in surprise as the commander Manna began to pour out of my body.

"How can anyone with the power of divinity..."

Uh-huh.

His arms began to cling to his body as if he were alive, and soon after he recovered enough to move himself, he sent me an incredible look.

"What the hell do you... what do you know more?"

"I've got a hunch. Melprague was a devotee of the Devil's Persec. If the custom is still alive, all you want is not just the resurrection of the devil. It's Persec's comfort."

His expression wrenched at my words.

"Can I tell you more? The problem is, when that happens, there's no reason for you to refuse when vampires try to resurrect the devil. I would have welcomed you if you had welcomed me."

"I'm doomed..."

But I refused. What's the reason?"

He looked at me like a monster with a haggard look on his face.

"Even if he doesn't listen to himself, you're the only one who can find the devil's soul, so he sent you. You've noticed something wrong. Isn't that right?"

He clenched his teeth at my words.

"Vampires... ...the vampires have settled the demon King Persecrech's spirit into the body, resurrected it, and are trying to do what they want."

They can't forget that Persek is not an idiot, but the devil who cried out for peace.

Nevertheless, the reason for her resurrection is that she is the only demon with the absolute power to attract the mahjong.

"So when the ban was lifted, you had a different idea. As soon as I knew who I was, I stood by him. Why?"

Even now, if he could have run away, he could have run away.

His eyes began to tremble with my eerie smile.

"I think if you're specifying the location of Persek's seal, there's only one. Somewhere around Ilyna, the owner of the Shingam, you would have thought that Persec's soul was sealed."

"The grace and resentment are simple excuses. Now, tell me. What do you really want?"

"... ..to find the spirit of the devil. My eyes are sealed with the spirit of the devil. You can see it even if you do."

"So?"

"And so, he..."

It protects the soul of the pure blood absolute, which is currently the only remaining, until the end of life.

"I wish the devil's resurrection, but I couldn't let them take advantage of it. That's why I used a human woman. She's showing me her sympathy."

Human relationships are very friendly and ugly to each other.

However, at a time when everything worked out well, one thing could be said if I had to pick a strange point.

Persec remained with me in a state of spirit.

However, why did he not see Persehrk?

The reason is

"You. What's your eyesight now?"

"......"

"I can't control it when they come over here."

I don't know much about Ma'an itself, but at least I've had that kind of overload. The reality was that they were judging it that way.

That's why I don't find her covered with scarves, even though I have Persec next to me.

I have never spoken to anyone but myself. How the hell did you find out?"

"I told you. I was in an environment where I couldn't live in my mind. When you're a nut, you usually don't see anything."

Do you know Tazza?

They're gamblers. They're scammers at the smallest difference that most people don't see.

"......"

"What people think. Sometimes I see it clearly, so I get it done on purpose. I'm really good at acting."

I can make as many people as I want to protect, but I can't make people who can understand me.

also

"I'm in a situation where I won't be strange to disappear anytime."

I spoke again quietly after silence.

"I just took it, and I guess it hit you right?"

"You're crazy. There is no reason why Maan is called Maan if it is at that level of filming."

At that, I grinned and blew in the commander's mana under the overload that hung on his body.

"You. Are you ready to die for King Perserk?"

"Why should I tell you that?"

"I'm going to get a sense of what I'm going to do in the future or not, depending on your answer."

said he, snatched his sitting hand.

"I don't do a lot of useless investment. It's normal to kill you on the spot, but if it's worth your investment, you should keep it alive."

I, speaking calmly, smiled broadly.

Only one for everyone else. It is also a story that should not be told as much as the former king with silver hair who kept protecting me.

The vampire's plan is now too late to stop.

"You. Let's have a party with me."

"What are you talking about?"

"There's only one thing that fits you and I. What do you say? Do you want to try?"

He was silent at my question.

"You'll need a price."

The quick-witted man seemed to have found something in a smile imbued with my madness.

"Yes, I need a price."

"What is it?"

At his question I quietly told him the most important price.

It was just one thing.