327 # 327

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 25 of the Thirteen

107. Hearing, saintly spirit.

"Don't approach me."

With great vigilance, Illina glared at me and posed as if she would pick Caldiras right away.

"Here we go again.

"You wicked bastard! You humiliate a lady like that and you think you're safe?!"

"Well, not once in a while."

She gritted her teeth with a calm remark.

"No matter how good it is to be strong, I refuse to do this disgraceful thing!"

She was so obsessed with improving swordsmanship that she would prepare for anything in return for getting stronger, but the shock of the aftereffects seemed to be hard to shake off.

Her cry showed a firm resolution.

"Do you ignore all the services you've offered to do so well?"

"Be careful what you say. Davey, do you know if I've seen you for a day or two?"

I got caught!

"Actually, I just made it because I liked the taste of my hands."

"You... ..profit!"

Ignoring her in anger, I turned away quietly.

'Don't forget—it's going to be a big deal. Never step forward."

"......you're not gonna tell me what's going on?"

I shook my head quietly at the sight of him asking with a complicated expression.

"Trust what people say. It's for you and the person who thinks you are the most important in the world."

Then when I caught a glimpse of Layna, she turned away with a strange look.

"Raina. Let's go."

"Yes."

Illina, who spoke calmly, followed me and looked at Reina, tilted her head and shouted at me at the subtle hint she had felt.

"Davie!"

I turned my head to her shouting from behind.

"Well, you know what? I don't know what you're trying to do. When it's all over, can you free up some time?"

"Time?"

"Yes, there's someone I really want to show you."

She then dyed her cheeks slightly red.

When she turned her head to such a fruitless figure and activated the magic, Persec, who was sitting on her shoulder and dozing, rubbed her eyes cutely.

He's in conflict. My heart became restless when I saw him face to face. Just be honest with me. I mean you. Aren't you good at catching people's minds?

'Well, I don't know.'

Let's go.

Tsu-fang!!

For a moment, the space was twisted and the familiar forest was revealed again.

Later, I could see the peacock and the tomb of the Blue Dragon sitting quietly waiting for me, and a giant monster recovering from the blue light between them.

"I've recovered a lot."

[Humans] It's been a while since I've been here, so I'm in a hurry.]

"I have to take two of them."

I'm amazed at the spirituality of these gods. For the time being, I can hold out on my own.]

"Yes, that's great. Fire rooster. Currrrung. Let's go."

Find all the hidden bases of mosquitoes and go to exterminate the last one.

It's not the same as exterminating all vampires that have been practiced before.

I will reduce the size of the species to a large scale and nullify it.

I said I gave Reina the nukes of the two nexus who were reconciled by light in my words.

"Take these two guys with you. I have something for you to do."

"If you're an order. Even the neck of God."

"Don't be so harsh in front of the saints. From now on, Reina as men in action again."

Then I took a large window out of the subspace and stuck it out to her.

It was the new longinus, which was shaped like Unwol.

Reina, who received Longinus without any vigilance, fell down with her eyes wide open.

A pale face nearly collapsed, she instantly pulled Manna up, grabbed a spear, and looked up at me with a puzzled look.

"This... this is the weight..."

"Usually, it's about 80kg, and you're not the owner, so it's about 300kg. You managed to hold it."

"Are you crazy? This is a weapon?"

"Nothing in the world can destroy that ignorant man. You won't get a scratch. And, I think that's better for you."

A heavy sword is a sword technique that uses heavy weapons.

If he is as talented as Raina, there will be no big difference even if he is not a sex sword.

The sword made of Helixium, a metal of God, was the world's highest weapon in terms of its strength, drawing tens of times the strength of Oryharcon, Adamantium, and hundreds of times the intensity of awakening.

"I'm half asleep. You've made the power of the saints mistaken for a sword, so there's no weapon better than this for you to use as a warrior."

"What's your purpose?"

"The main character for the killing of the buoyant demon king."

People are. Preparations must be thorough to prevent variables from occurring.

* * *

Beppel, a small estate in the southern Solbran kingdom of the west.

The very small rural area, with only 200 Yeongji residents, used a small number of vigilantes to protect the security.

"Father!"

Yuri, a vigilante who was guarding an old wooden post, rubbed his sleepy eyes as he watched his son, who was learning to work under a hunting ground, running hurriedly to the land.

"Oh, my God! draw breathlessly!"

"hehehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Yuri frowned sharply at the sight of her son running from afar and shouting.

He is a very mature son. How can he boast to everyone around him that his son is such a mature and wonderful son?

On the surface, he was quite blunt and cold-spoken, but his behavior was a little strange to Yuri, who was famous for her love for her son.

"Father! Avoid it!"

Yurik tilted his head and nodded to his fellow vigilante at the sight of him running from afar and shouting hastily.

"Open the door for me. I don't know what's wrong with him."

"That's true. How can your son be so surprised?"

"Well, there must have been a wild beast coming out of the mountain."

Yuri, who opened the door of the table of contents with a smile and walked out, could see her son's expression of getting closer quickly become paler.

"No, dad! Close the door!"

"What? What's he talking about from the morning breeze?"

"Oh... no!"

It was then.

As soon as my son freaked out and shouted as if he had found something.

The glass could see a huge shadow from the sky.

Then, his body, which raised its head along the shadow, hardened.

Why didn't I know?

There are so many huge things.

Not only Yuri looked at the sky with a blank face, but also the vigilantes who were guarding the goal looked at the sky. And most of them were of the same mind.

Whispering!!!

And

As soon as the main character of the huge shadow flying in the sky dropped a huge roar, I felt the whole area of the ground shook.

In the intense echo, Yuri could see something walking from the forest where her son had escaped.

And

He opened his eyes in dismay.

What he saw was.

It was simply an incalculable war of hell.

Flaming...

Then, as the hero of the giant shadow in the sky opened his mouth, red flames began to gather.

Without a chance to avoid it, the fire hell was created in the land.

* * *

The kingdom of Solbran, located on the southern tip of the western continent, collapsed in just a few days.

The ripple effect of this one sentence shook the entire continent in an instant.

It was a tremendous piece of all time.

Not a single kingdom has been destroyed by war since the Continental Union, formed under the name of the Three Emperors, signed an agreement to eradicate war.

Those who had been out of the war for a long time were slowly becoming indifferent to the real danger of war.

Meanwhile, the news of the collapse of the small country Solbran was enough to spread throughout the continent through the mouths and mouths of countless people.

The events of the southernmost maritime city of the eastern continent and the Undeed Changshu incident in the Palan Empire did not cause much repercussions because they did not know how dangerous the enemy's capture was, but this time it was different.

the advent of the Black Dragon

The army accompanying the dragon is a large army of hundreds of thousands, but the dragon, which turns hundreds of thousands of people into ashes at a time in Bresse, implies an unparalleled strength compared to the Frost worm before.

There was only one direction they were heading.

It was the eastern part of the continent.

Their offensive of non-stop movement and random destruction posed a different level of danger than the rise of the undead of the former Palan Empire.

And a few more days later, when a small small country headed east after Solvran was burned to ashes in another few days, the entire continent began to shake.

Fortunately, the mysterious army of those who burned down the two countries stopped in the ruins of the kingdom's capital as if it were to replenish their strength for a while, but the power was not going anywhere.

Of course, the Three Kingdoms, which could never let the situation go, quickly held a central conference of the Continental Union and called in the king's representatives of all countries who joined accordingly.

Using the famous Lindis Empire air force, the kings and their representatives of each country began to move from all over the continent.

And the fact remains the same in the Kingdom of Lounge.

After Varys was elected as the king's deputy, I was selected in the name of the saint to attend the United Nations Conference.

"The King of the Louns! Prince Barris Allan and Prince Davey Allan are here!"

"Come on, listen to me!"

In a hurry I opened the door without hesitation and went inside.

There were dozens of nobles and royalty with mixed expressions turning to me.

"Honorless glory to His Majesty the Emperor."

"Welcome, Prince Davy."

an old emperor who welcomes me

I can see Emperor Deord. And behind him, Katherine Caravella, the usually slow-smiling queen, waved quietly.

"Ho... ..that boy is a troublemaker on the continent."

Subsequently, a young man with brown skin sitting on the other side of the Emperor Lindis' empire identified me with his arms crossed with an imposing expression.

In addition, the youngest crown prince in the center, the new crown prince of the Palan Empire. Salivan was quietly welcoming me.

"I would like to say hello to you, the twin dragons of the Lindis Empire, the little lions of the central Palan, and the Black Scorpion of the Western Continent."

"Black-and-white-carved... ...who knows Jim's stage name is rare in the Empire."

He said it was interesting, but he couldn't leave his hand still for a moment.

It was a great appearance of the Western Contas Empire, which had a great sense of triumph.

"I guess I'm the latest."

I could see familiar characters sitting quietly on one side.

the deputy king of the law from the Holy Land There was also Alice, who was a candidate for sex.

She looked at me and bowed her head quietly to show her respect and then remained silent again.

"Let's start right away as it's happening."

Although it was a gathering of two imperial emperors and representatives of all the national federations on the continent, I spoke to them without hesitation, heading to the seat assigned to me.

"I'll check before that."

It was then.

The young emperor, Contas the Great, who was quietly watching the situation as if it were funny, glared at me and said,

"Prince Davey the saint."

"Yes."

Have you predicted the situation?"

"Well."

He gave me a ridiculous look when I responded with a smile.

As if the discomfort was at its peak, two bearded men behind Contas Daeje pulled out Shamshir to stop him, but he raised his hand and stopped him.

"Don't take Jim's intelligence lightly. I understand that you have signed an agreement with the Crown Prince of the Palan Empire to fund the production of large amounts of weapons in Ammma-ri. Besides that, you invested a lot in the tower. Because of the mass production of the attack magic scroll."

He's got a great piece of information.

"That means you've predicted and prepared for this, right? And there's no promise from other countries."

I bowed my head quietly at the word.

Are these people picking a fight at an important coalition meeting?

"The Great."

"......"

"What is the purpose of asking such a question?"

When I asked him a question, a man jumped up.

"Excuse me...!"

Boom!!!

However, the man, who was shouting in a hurry, collapsed under the light fist of King Contas.

"Does Jim dare to cut in on what he says? Okay, go ahead."

"That's an obvious answer. It's just a moderate estimate. It's obvious. I don't think the king would lie because it's an unimaginable situation."

"Your liver is swollen. Prince."

People around me get nervous at the sight of the gentle anger is rising anger.

I don't think he's judging the situation yet.

"I don't think he's got all the status reports yet."

I erased the smile when I smiled brightly. Those who knew me turned pale at the sight.

It's not that I don't know what you mean to say to me.

"If you're trying to get me off the hook, do it after the meeting."

If you don't want to go behind, you're the Emperor of Daeje High School.

"If you have enough time for this unnutritive interrogation, I'll help you get a little more urgent. I'll give you a couple of sacred meteos for the Empire."