324 # 324

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Thirteen volumes and Twenty-two episodes

The face-to-face meeting with the Ma tribe was frankly quite surprising.

It was a combination that exceeded everyone's expectations that there would be a mahjong in black armor who was blocking the middle road in the resurrection dungeon of Knicks, the first rich man close to the king and the 9th circle black wizard, which took place.

Although it is not completely impossible to understand, it is not completely impossible to understand because I suffered quite a fatal injury in the aftermath of my awakening at the time following the attacks of Lünne and Catherine.

Nevertheless, I had never thought that the wounded man would flee to the Palan Empire and be hiding.

Ma, Belial didn't seem to understand what I meant.

For him, Reina would have been the first person to meet.

As the former warrior Reina's existence was deleted, some of his memories would have been modified, and it was obvious that he had already met Reina, the dying warrior at that time.

He is the enemy in the first place.

As he raised the power of abyss, his name was Belial.

In terms of rank, it only appeared that he was a man of the upper horse race and a man of integrity named Belial.

Belial, who bounced off in an instant, and Reina's expression, aiming at a white-colored sword as if to subdue him, looked full of confusion, betrayal and anger.

"I can't believe you're trying to frighten a powerless girl..."

Now it's hard to call yourself yourself, but for now, one of the enemies of this world line is crushing himself like a coward, so his eyes are bound to turn.

It was also the only man in the Ma tribe who she acknowledged and paid homage to as a knight.

On the contrary, Illinois seemed to have failed to grasp the situation with a blank face.

Other than that, I was just watching the situation without saying anything.

"What, what?"

The most embarrassing thing was none other than Illinois.

Looking blankly at me with bright blonde hair flying around, she took a step forward unknowingly and called my name.

"Davie? Why are you here?""

Illina, who is asking me with an anxious face like a child caught doing something wrong, shouted in a perplexed voice without knowing why she was like that.

"Why am I here?"

"Yes! I wouldn't have told anyone that I would be here..."

Speaking calmly, I tapped on the collar.

"That's what I saw. I was wondering where you were going."

Illina, who was following me and checking her collar without saying anything, made a questionable face.

"Nothing at all."

At the words, I ignored her and walked toward Belial, who was overpowered by Reina.

"I've got a tracking spell in your body."

"What, what?! Are you crazy?! Unauthorized use of magic in the bodies of the royal family?! Do you know that if you get caught, it's not my problem, it's what's going to happen in the Palan Empire?!"

"Oh, don't mind that."

Speaking calmly, I grabbed Belial by the collar as soon as Reina stepped back.

"We're already done talking about it. You don't seem to know, but I've been talking to you for a long time.m. a long time."

"Oh, my God... I didn't hear that!"

It also has a bugging function."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Gura."

Illina's expression was embarrassment itself.

It wasn't actually a lie.

Salivan, who had a private relationship with me after the outbreak of the Undeed in the Palan Empire, has made a proposal.

Until the moment when Illina becomes a sodmaster. Secretly protect Illinois.

The price was a large sum of money.

I wasn't in a big money-losing position in the first place, but it was hard to find a reason to refuse, so I got the suggestion and secretly planted a magic trick on Illinois' body.

Salivan, the new Crown Prince of the Palan Empire, certainly chose to protect his brother by hiding himself in the dark. It's better to be hated by Ilina than to protect him from everyone's hands.

He was not afraid of being stigmatized and tried to protect his younger brother's life.

Was he able to deal with his brother's safety with complacency simply for the sake of national prestige?

Of course not.

I smiled at Belial looking at me without a wordless.

"It's not like this, but I'm a guardian for now. I'm not very patient enough to keep a jerk alive in front of my eyes. You want to make an excuse?"

Belial was silent to my question.

I never thought of the problem with this guy.

You don't even know why he's here in the first place.

"You..."

Only then did he open his eyes slightly wide as if he recognized me.

"We've met before, haven't we?"

Originally, he never met me.

But he couldn't deny what I said.

the presence of a hero, Raina

This was due to the fact that the world's rules began to erase its existence, creating an empty space.

It was none other than me who filled the position.

In fact, if you sum up the rumors on the continent, I am the one who solved the problem of the first Rich Knicks in the maritime country.

In other words, it was not Raina but me who put up a fight between Belial, a black knight who guarded the Nicks' beacon, and Catherine Carabella, the Great Fire Fox.

"I see... ...he meant you."

Belial looked at Illinois with her head in her head as if she understood.

The training for the pulmonary tube must have ended. I wanted to see your face, so I came here. There's a funny thing going on."

I was smiling and talking calmly, but I soon wiped my smile and asked for Illina.

"What should I do for him?"

"......"

"Just say it. Apparently you know you're a dangerous mahjong. I can kill this guy right here with one word of yours."

It was Belial who moved before I even finished talking.

Although he lost most of his strength due to injury, he instantly created a black sword by pulling up a black maggi all over his body.

He used a familiar sword to me to shake me off and widen my distance from me.

Even though the injury was close to death, the sodmaster was a combination of speed and technique that could not be responded to.

In fact, Illina did not react to his actions at all.

It is clear that sodmaster is a really great situation.

It is safe to say that it is a talent from heaven that will never be found again if it is just enough to become a sodmaster before the age of 20 through one's own efforts, like Illinois.

But that didn't mean she was a complete warrior.

It's just time to become a master.

In this sense, the reflective resistance of Belial, which already has more than a master-class force, was not an easy-to-understand class of movement.

That's it.

Whaaaaah!

"Large..."

It's a bell by Illinois standards.

Sadly, I'm not a baby bird that just became a sodmaster.

"I didn't know there would be anyone who would fear the forbidden leaves of the greatest empire, but when I do, I try to keep the line as hard as I can."

I, speaking calmly, grabbed Belial's neck and put her in a giant tree once again, squinted at the fact that his condition was worse than I thought and scanned the whole body.

"I've got a mess in my gut, and I've got a bad temperament. Don't move. If there is one more shock here, you can clear the invoice as it is."

I don't hate horse-riding, but it's not common to admit to the enemy.

He kept vomiting blood at my words and sent me a weary look.

"T... ...that's ridiculous speed. Are we really human?"

"If you want to doubt, you can do whatever you want."

He stuck to silence at my question.

Instead, someone else stepped up.

"Leave it to me. Now I can completely deal with this shameless and insensitive man."

It was Raina's move.

For a moment, Raina, who made a white dagger and pointed it at Belial's neck, murmured threateningly.

"......"

At the same time, Bellier's eyes, looking closely at Raina's face, were small questions.

It's inevitable.

Basically, it has changed a little, but Reina's appearance is strictly similar to Illina's growth.

Although she changed her body a little to her taste when reconstructing it, the basic facial shape or feeling did not disappear.

"You..."

"I thought you were still the Ma clan who valued morality."

Leena, who mumbled coldly, glared at him with a beam in her eyes.

"No way, I didn't know he was trying to force a woman weaker than me..."

"I've never seen you."

"I suppose so, but I've seen you sick and tired of it."

Shivering, Reina pushed the sword further.

"Davie! Stop it! He's my patient!"

then

I could hear the urgent cry of Illinois.

"Patient? These days, even if he's a quack, he's dropping a therapist on the floor?"

"Don't play with words! It's just an accident in a fight! Are you going to keep playing with me?"

I watched Belial without a word, but I relaxed my face without hesitation and retired.

"Raina, put your sword away."

"Yes."

Reina, who was acting as if she would kill him right away, quickly changed her attitude and erased the white sword.

Belial, who had been held in my hand, lost his support and collapsed and vomited a handful of blood.

"Sodmaster. Congratulations."

Illina turned her head to a calm remark and replied coyly.

"Huh, you're quick to notice..."

"But it came out pretty fast. Seeing that you've gotten prettier, I think you've succeeded in getting rid of your old bones."

"If anyone sees you wielding a sword, they'll get it. And I don't get a single compliments."

Illina turned her eyes a little red as if she was feeling better at my compliment.

You saw him wielding a sword and you crossed the wall yourself? You've had a fallopianosis?

Do you think it's the name of your dog?

Usually, I can't do that.

When I pressed her head and stroked her blank head, she smiled unknowingly and fell from me in surprise after realizing her situation.

Are you... are you going to treat me like a kid?"

"Who treated you like a baby?"

"...when I see you sometimes. I tend to think of everyone else as a child except you."

I got caught.

Illina, who glared at me with a subtle look, soon moved to help Belial.

"Hey, how are you?"

"......"

Instead of answering, Illina turned her head to me as Belial remained silent.

"Davie, can you save this guy?

The existing treatment doesn't make a big difference. I'll make it up to you."

"Hey, it's the Ma clan."

She is silent about what I say.

"It's not just the Ma, it's the guy who was guarding the first Rich Knicks, don't you know what I mean?"

Illina slightly bowed her head to avoid eye contact with my words that seemed to throw acrimonious criticism.

"It's an alliance with vampires that you want to beat to death."

Illina's facial expression was subtly frowned upon the fact that she knew what I said.

"I know that... I know, but considering Per... ...it's not just a bad horse."

Ah.

Come to think of it, Illina knows you because of Caldiras.'

I did indeed.

"First of all, it's a step. regardless of being bad or not it is bad"

"He, I know that, too! I know."

I asked quietly at the sight of her expression of not knowing what to say.

"Do you want to save me?"

"At least I don't want to pretend I don't know a dying person. And... ...he doesn't seem like such a bad horse."

At the words, Reina, who was next to me, gritted her teeth.

"I've had that kind of hell in my mind."

Illina glared at Reina with her eyes lit up at her sarcastic remarks.

Then he strode and faced Reina and got angry.

"What are you? Who are you to pretend to know everything?"

Laina smiled coldly at Illinois's behavior, subtly raising her spirits toward Layna.

Perhaps Reina feels like a human being who wants to advise her by hitting her cheek when she sees herself in the past.

"The world is not as justice-filled as you think."

"Thanks for the advice, but it's up to me. I believe in my eyes."

As if angry, Illinois took another step toward Reina.

"Huh?"

At that time, Illina's face, looking at Layna's face, began to turn into embarrassment.

Although her face has changed a little, Raina appears to have aged a girl named Illina de Palan, who came from another world.

Although Illinois is only seventeen years old, Reina is in her late twenties.

There was a big difference, but there was no difference.

"Eh... Davey. Who the hell is this guy?"

Illina, who took a step back in embarrassment, hurriedly turned her eyes to me.