321 # 321

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 19 of the Thirteen

the western continent

Some of the forests of guardian deities, called the Holy Place of the Hwall State, have been changed to what happened not too long ago.

And as its owner changed, two beings were found in the forest, except for the grotesque giant, the guardian deity of the forest.

The new masterpiece, Fire Chicken,

The two were the same.

Flaming...

The roosters, the buldak, have enjoyed peace since they were born.

Yikes!

Indeed, I thought this place was a paradise that my parents always talked about.

Fluttering!

The fire chicken, which did not cause flames, fluttered its simple red feathers and ran through the forest, twinkled at the sight of a fruit hanging from a tree.

That's a comorro fruit!

I remember that it was the most delicious fruit ever served by humans who sometimes come here to pay tribute.

The fire chicken, which flapped its wings in an instant and floated up, soon picked up a fruit at the end of its beak and roared fiercely.

Gosh! Gosh!

Is it enough to roar at a single fruit?

In the first place, sour water is something that you can live without eating, but fruits and meat that are delicious to the buldak are strictly a matter of preference.

And for the fire rooster, the fruit of the Comoros was sweet and cool enough to open his eyes to the new world.

Unfortunately, the fruit of the Comoros did not come out very well even in this forest.

Whack! Whack!

Compared to the giant fire chicken, one of the Komoro fruits was really small, but as if he wanted to chew even one small fruit for a long time, the fire chicken mashed fruit with its beak over and over again and over again and swallowed the fruit.

Oh, my goodness!

Hehehehehehehehehehe!

When the satisfaction was high inside even though he didn't eat well, the buldak, who openly burped, fluttered his wings and laughed.

There is no one here who goes against the fire rooster.

Humans in the 'present' country looked sacred at the fire chicken, and their parents, who used to bully the fire chicken, have not visited it for a while since they put it in the forest.

It may be perverse that parents are not interested, but the fire chicken did not.

I am a glorious new masterpiece!

Oh, my God!

The fiery rooster, which set off a strong roar and caused flames all over its body, wobbled around.

I felt heavy as if my body was chubby because I got used to playing and eating for weeks, but it didn't matter.

Yikes!!!

As soon as a frightened wild monster found the fire chicken, he stepped back and bowed his head.

Even ordinary threatening monsters instinctively shrink when they encounter a fire chicken!

I'm not weak!

I am a strong new masterpiece!

Only then did he realize that his existence was not abnormal, and the fire chicken fluttered its wings as if playing with the frightened monster.

I am the king!

The proud roaring fire roared and soon began to pick on the crumpled monster with his beak.

In my old days, huh?

Poke puck.

Crying...

Whether or not the violent monster walked away with the sound of pain, the fire chicken persistently bullied the monster and enjoyed it.

Loud rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

It was then.

A lightning bolt fell from high up in the sky, and it was thrown down by the monster and baked.

The fire rooster looked blank as he saw the monster ripening black in an instant.

Just now, his toys were swept away by lightning.

The fire chicken that touched the monster's body with its wings with a blank face is the Blue Dragon, the main culprit of this situation.

He glared at the Qurung.

Sigh! Sigh!

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

Fierce anger began to grow in the fire chicken's body at the presence of the Qurungi, who stared at him as if he was very angry.

After his parents disappeared, his Blue Dragon Kureungi began to wander from place to place without fear, thinking that his presence to control him had disappeared.

I can't believe I'm the king of this forest!

The fire rooster flew into the air, causing a red flame, leaving its body intact in a fierce anger.

Even though I'm lazy, I'm not down enough to be eaten by a fellow like you.

As if to say so, the main character glaring at each other and the originally fierce Blue Dragon Kureung stared at each other and seemed to fight right away.

When the god of flames and the god of lightning fight, the aftermath goes entirely to the forest and to the "hyun" country, a country outside the forest, but that was irrelevant to the two self-esteem-mad god.

Today either you or I are going to die and do the sequencing.

It was just as soon as the fire chicken, which had this heart at the same time, was about to attack the Kureung with a huge flame.

"Are you kidding me?"

The body of the giant body moving as if it had been waiting and the masterpiece fire chicken, which was causing fierce anger by exploding flames, hardened in an instantaneously.

"It's a good thing. Don't that right?

With a relaxed voice, the cock's head turned as stiff as a rusty metal door.

At the same time, the Cheongryong Kureung also turned his head like he was nervous with his long, thin beard up close.

And both gods found the place where their voices were heard at the same time, and they could see the devil standing there calmly.

Crying! Crying!

Instinctively, the fire rooster that extinguished the flames could be seen.

What should we do now?

It's aegyo!

Crying... Crying...

He is the king of the majestic and proud forest, and he is the only one left if he does not care for his parents.

a fried chicken

Reflexively turning off the flames of the whole body and approaching the boy, the fire chicken turned over and showed its belly, and used its beak to rub it in the boy's hands.

"Oh, my fire rooster. How quick are you?"

Even Shin Soo, nicknamed "Anger Control Disorder," is good at controlling anger in front of that human.

The quick-witted fire chicken's behavior helped the boy repair a woman with sky-blue hair in her arms.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

On the contrary, the fearless Blue Dragon Kureung only looked at the boy with a wary face.

That stupid worm.

The mastermind, who thought so inside, carefully embraced the woman with sky-blue hair handed over by the boy, with a look that it was obvious without seeing what would happen soon.

"The Qurung hasn't been hit lately, so you've lost your nerve-free."

Ring ring!

As time went by, he wanted to protest that he had become somewhat stronger, and eventually, the Blue Dragon Kureung chose to protest rather than surrender.

As lightning began to fall in an instant and the whole forest began to have an effect, the fire chicken looked at the Kurung with a pathetic look on his face.

And

Soon after, the fire chicken, who saw a light spark splashing from the boy's hand, hit his head on the ground not to hear the mournful scream coming soon.

* * *

[Extra]

[Natural Disaster Series]

[Shouting out loud and clear.]

Once again, the lightning control magic, which swept away the chimeras created by Count Lington from the former land of Ordem, where Barris and Winley lived, will be realized.

If Kureung has already used his power to force a thunderstorm, it would be best to ride it and use it.

The sight of Kureung, who was so fearless, forced me to seize control of the thunderbolt without hesitation and poured lightning into his whole body.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Surprised by the unexpected change, Kureung tried to escape by screaming, but the purple magic team led the thunderstorm to aim at Kureung without mercy.

Dozens of lightning strikes at once.

It is a thunderbolt that reaches hundreds of millions of degrees, but it is not a big blow to the Kureungi as it is a new lightning bolt.

There's nothing to be made.But it's not that I'm not sick.

"It's wrong to play the game!" I screamed and screamed and scolded him for a long time. It didn't stop until it sagged.

Then, he could stop magic by sticking out his tongue and closing his eyes and falling down.

Davey! That kid is going to die!

At Persec's frightening cry, I looked at the cunei with my tongue sticking out and my eyes closed.

He seemed to be dead by the relentless attack.

but

"Let's pull out a beard and make a beard tea."

I approached the front of the Qurungi and murmured, as if I didn't care about that.

Or should we try crafting with the scales of Shin-soo's Blue Dragon? Or else..."

Let's cut the meat and make some boiled meat.

Ring ring!!!

"How dare you pretend to be dead? Mr. Kock."

The Qurungi quivered at my threat, curled up all over and bowed his head.

A stately blue dragon?

An envoy and a great man to protect?

I don't know about that, but what is in front of me is a gruesome dog worm that defies and pretends to be dead after being caught having fun falling thunder and having fun.

"Raise your head in five seconds."

Ring!

As the huge eyes of the mountain, which raised their heads reflexively, trembled relentlessly, I smiled satisfactorily and raised my hand on the scales of the mountain.

The huge cuneung seemed to wobble, but I gently stroked his scales.

"Our Qurung. I guess I haven't taught you how to understand the situation yet."

When he saw the masterpiece, the fire chicken, who had been lying upside down, rubbed his body to the ground and acted cute.

Apart from the face of the Kureungi dying darkly, the face of the fire chicken began to be filled with elation.

To interpret it as one pleases.

Cute and servile are like this! A fool who doesn't even know the wisdom of living!

It can be interpreted to a degree.

I stroked the scales of the quivering cuneung again and smiled.

"Buldak is quick-witted, but our Kurung seems to be slow-witted because he's just been born."

Kk...Kkkk...

"Did you do something wrong?"

Kureung nodded desperately to my question.

"Why do you do something wrong?"

Crying!

As if embarrassed, the Qurung was groaning with a sickening sound.

"No?"

He nods his head again at my question.

"Is this the inside? Outside."

Crying!!

He was struggling like he was about to die, but he could never get away from me.

"If I'm sorry, will my new life end? If you don't get scared, will I forgive you and it's over?"

Crying... Crying...

Eventually, Kureung began to pull up all his wisdom and cling to me, reviving all the experiences he had ever seen.

Forgetting his huge physique, he turned his body upside down and started rubbing his nose into me.

It's not a small size, but it's a giant blue dragon doing this, so it does lose its shape. With such a good education, there will be no big problems in the future.

No, it is clear that even if it happens, the difficulty of the settlement will be easy.

There is no need for great skill in craving. You just have to spin it like a Mobius belt.

After entering this forest, I saw the power of Reina's body, which is rapidly activated, and I thought I chose the right place.

"That's enough. You both have bridal wreaths, right? Give it to me."

Wake him up.

In my words, the two Shin-su came near me, stiffening themselves without complaints.