330 # 330

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Fourteen Books and the Third Plenary Session

108. The Miracle of Pure White and the Rise of New Water.

The other soldiers' movements were clearly defensive.

In addition, it is advertising that it will prevent the military, which is a mixture of 150,000 strong monsters, from the front.

Without going crazy.

The ridiculous behavior of humans, who appear fearlessly with a series of cavalry at the forefront, was likely to be done by a fool who did not even know the basis of the tactics.

If the number is small, you have to think about slowly cutting it down in an ambush or a trap to block it from the front. What a ridiculous thing to do.

Gorgon's expression cooled with derision and contempt.

"Ha! Not funny guys. You're not afraid to stand in front of my forces? Ha!

The number of troops was rather superior to the vampire side.

The dominance of the actual number of people, which is about 40,000 to 50,000 at the most, was nearly double or triple that of vampires.

Not to mention the level of soldiers pointed out by keen vision.

It was qualitatively different from the army of vampires, who had been preparing for battle for a long time, and those cowards who crouched in fear and were busy looking around.

the battle between the hobjjol and the well-trained armies of hell

Gorgon expressed both irritation and surprise at the recklessness of fighting even though there was a perfect difference enough for even children to know the outcome of the fight.

in a twaddle

It was not long before a person riding a horse slowly walked out of the center of the human army.

Then slowly, he took off his pitch.

"Isn't she a young lady?"

Gorgon's cry clearly recognized a woman with a sky-blue hair that took off her helmet.

"I have no fear of trying to stop this army!"

As the voice rang out without loudspeaker magic, the other side began to show considerable agitation.

The feeling was a clear fear.

The frightened soldiers are humming and afraid of each other.

The stronger you push, the more scared you get.

Gorgon approached the enemy's army with his spirited steps.

As if escorting him, the human agitation became immense as the giant minotaurs of the skin of Sakaman followed.

"You're trembling, are you afraid of me? Hehehehehehehehehe, I will! You'll be scared! All the peace-stricken Neckats can do is scream and die helplessly!"

Soon after, the soldiers began to whisper in their ears.

"Oh, my God... What the hell are those monsters..."

"How can I win if the numbers are already more than double..."

From trembling young men to old men standing with resigned faces.

How urgent it was, the soldier's age deviation was a mess.

Many soldiers were properly trained, but the number of soldiers who were conscripted urgently was overwhelming.

"Human girl, you'll also have to take a good look! Because of your stupid judgment, all the people who believed and followed you will be brutally torn and eaten! Four years will also be inevitable, Khhhhhhhhhhhh, don't worry. I'll suck the blood and kill you for as long as I've been dried and twisted myself!"

As the red air began to flow through his whole body, there began to be a heavy flesh of evil around him.

Despite this situation, however, she got off her horse with her pitching off and slowly untied the large unwalled cloth on her back as if she was not interested.

"Listen, soldier."

It was not long before I heard the voice of Raina, who untied all the cloth.

"You'll be afraid. You'll be scared. Enemy numbers are more than our own. Each risk will be higher than any previous event."

Gorgon slowly turned back to his camp and gave a cold sneer at her calm speaking.

"Maybe all of you will die. But you can be sure that it's not now."

She continued, speaking calmly.

"We have only one purpose. It's for those stupid vampires who are so peace-stricken they can't do anything."

How frightening the resistance of mankind is.

Speaking calmly, she slowly lifts the undulating moon.

Boom!!!

At the same time, a golden air stream poured from the sky, and huge forces began to gather around her whole body.

"Hmm?"

Alarmed by the stronger power than expected, Gorgon could soon hear her.

"All men, have faith. In the name of the commander, I won't let anyone die easily. Cut the opponent and kill him. That's the only way to protect those who trust us and wait for us!"

With a calm cry, she slowly raised the unwol-do high.

Then he took a step forward.

"God is with us. A noble man, empowered by the name of God, is helping us. We should not waste his efforts to protect humanity by himself."

It was not long before she took another step in a calm voice.

"All troops. Charge."

Soon after, with her cry, the soldiers began to move slowly, fearful.

They are enemies that will threaten the foundation of mankind, not the fight between humans.

It means that if you don't fight, you'll die, but it's the same.

"Erex bee! Yeah, once, twice!"

"If you die here anyway, you'll be all searched! Let's go!!"

The feeling of killing and killing one more person who would rather die than running away for fear, which is half desperation, has spread strongly.

Gorgon, the top vampire, didn't know. That's because of the existence of a dragon that has overwhelming power that makes them feel that it may really destroy the continent.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The morale of the soldiers began to rise gradually, regularly hitting the giant Helveod's spears.

Even though there was nothing blocking the back, the soldiers on the human side began to march in line with each other as if they had struck a drainage camp.

"All units! Spread your wedge-shaped camp!"

It was not long before the soldiers began to approach her cry, taking the form of a single spear in perfect order.

Gorgon turned his head away with a cold laugh.

"Bite it, tear it apart. It is a shame to a proud aristocrat such as a fool who is being eaten."

The lower vampires, who already thought they were winning, were not scared at all.

Aside from the majestic advance of humans, the change in morale brought about by the confrontation between the fierce and relaxed vampire armies was certainly an overwhelming victory for vampires.

But the change soon began to twist little by little.

Boom!!

A huge white wizard, hundreds of meters from the sky, began to emerge, led by Raina, the first warrior to rush in the lead.

Gradually speeding up and shouting, the soldiers and cavalry rushed to the scene with their grim faces as if they had not found a huge magic line stretching out from the sky.

And

when the two armies reached the point of collision at any moment

Soon after, pure white magicians made in the sky began to scatter huge pieces of light, forming dozens and hundreds.

The truly horrifying divine buff magic soon became surrounded by all human soldiers, and soldiers who did not notice their change at once began to rush like men whose lives ran on alert and exercised superhuman power.

Something's wrong.

Feeling it instinctively, Gorgon stepped back without realizing it and distorted his expression.

This can't be happening.

I don't know what that white magic pearl is, but I could see one thing for sure.

If you don't stop that right now, you'll be in big trouble.

It was about time for him to rush up his energy to prevent the activation of the Magic Circle.

Yikes!!!

Gorgon opened his eyes to the huge roar from the sky.

A huge bird of flame coming down from the sky crossed the army of vampires exactly and inserted the ultra-high-temperature flame Bress directly.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The unidentified buff magicians are marching fearlessly. In addition, a huge fire bird from the sky.

Frustrated, Gorgon looked blank as he could not accept all the unexpected changes in the war situation.

And even before he shouted something out of the blue.

Realizing that his body was overwhelmingly lightened, the fighting spirit began to burn surprisingly in the eyes of the human soldiers.

"Dead!!!"

"To protect my family!"

"The saint and the warrior are together!!"

with one's cry

Gorgon could see.

The nettle-type attackers of human soldiers, who were less than half in number, immediately enter by pushing their own troops, who were proud, brave and ferocious.

* * *

"Are you all right?"

I watched the situation quietly at the words of Alice, the sex candidate who led the priesthood to join the war.

On the surface, it was a battlefield where the human side seemed to be at a disadvantage.

In addition, he showed a sense that shook the psychology of the soldiers.

"The sacred magic of the priesthood doesn't reach all of this. I'll join that line right now."

"Keep an eye on it. The priests who are in charge of recovery should not get hurt. "Gender and Female Candidates for sex.

"......"

If a soldier gets hurt, the priest treats him, but if a priest gets hurt, there is no one to heal him.

Alice was just silent about what I said.

The chant of the enemy, Gorgon, made not only the soldiers but also the priests who were watching the situation from afar sicken.

"Really... are you all right? Even if you're watching from so far away..."

"Oh, my God... I'm afraid we're all gonna die."

"I have to talk to the Holy Lady and the Holy Father and join the ranks."

I was watching the situation, ignoring the murmuring words, and turned away when I saw Raina silently lifting Longinus and starting to move.

"Alice, let's get started."

"What?"

"We need to pave the way for a turnaround."

I, who spoke calmly, clasped my hands strongly and closed my eyes.

Boom!!

At the same time, a white air began to burst out of my whole body.

[To save countless innocent people, let's make a half loan of grace on 36-month interest-free installments.]

[Ninth Eccentric Last Vocalization.]

[신의 성역(Sain Sanctuary)]

Argh!!!

A sacred area that makes the viewer's eyes wide open begins to activate for a moment.

"What the... ..."

The priests looked at me with surprise when they realized that the power of the divine magic they saw in person was far beyond the level of the divine magic they knew.

In response, I said after creating a passage that connects the place where the priests are and the plain where the soldiers fight.

"What are you doing? I don't want buffs. Get ready to use the recovery magic. Thanks to that Magic Circle, the healing magic used here will be activated there."

I, speaking calmly, stretched my clasped hands out to both sides.

In this war I never had to make a direct attack.

That's how you can get the most out of it.

I'll hang the buff for you.

[Stress]

[Hard skin]

[Stone Skin]

[Distraction]

[Vital Pump]

[Mana Convergence]

The great white air of power began to spread, and the strengthened divine magic began to unfold throughout the area, which was declared holy.

All altruistic buff magic in the sanctuary of God is amplified by more than double.

[Lenovatio]

[Reinforce the Mind]

Restoration of physical strength and mental strength.

[Devine Protection]

Even a protective magic.

Later, without hesitation, I activated the amplification magic that I often used to wipe out Goblin from the former Hines estate.

Strengthen once again due to the sanctuary of God and amplify once more into the already active buff magic.

Let's see some divine magic.

[Saint Gloria]

As I always say, if there is a buffer that breaks common sense, the simple difference in the number of heads is meaningless.

Fight and die, you can bring them all back.