
Unable to advance straight forward, the dozens of yards between them became an insurmountable wall for Tatsuya.



“So, he’s finally reached the point where he can’t hold back any more.”

Seeing Tatsuya forced into a corner, Yamanaka actually remarked happily.

“Please be serious, sensei. Even Tatsuya-kun can’t rely on only his five senses to completely detect the early warning signs of magic invocation and Invisible Bullet. Given the current situation, we can still use a ‘sixth sense‘ as an excuse in place of ‘Eye of the Spirits’.”

At Fujibayashi’s vigorous defense, Yamanaka smiled devilishly.

“Really? That’s true, while he can fool those third and fourth rate scrubs…… It’s hard to imagine he could pull a fast one under the eyes of that gentleman.”

Yamanaka’s line of sight was resting on Elder Kudou, who was watching the match with abundant interest from his seat in the chairman’s lounge.

Fujibayashi only spared him a quick glance before switching back to Tatsuya.



Kichijouji was looping around the fringe of the arena as he advanced towards First High’s monolith. When he came within 100 meters of First High’s territory, Leo barred his path.

Finding it odd that the defender was so far forward, Kichijouji fired off an “Invisible Bullet” as he ruminated on this.

No, more like he was about to fire.

“Wha?”

In front of him, a black wall obscured his gaze. Leo had removed his mantle and held it unfurled before him.

A metallic plate flashed towards Kichijouji’s flank like a storm of blades.

Facing the flying blade from the Weaponized Integrated CAD, Kichijouji immediately activated Move-Type Magic and sprang backwards to avoid the blow.

On its heels, a powerful gust chased after him.

Kichijouji used Weight-Type Magic to reduce inertia his body was suffering and used the force of the wind to reduce the gust attack.

(How meddlesome!)

Kichijouji muttered in his mind and aimed the “Invisible Bullet” at Mikihiko.

He chose to first remove this irksome fire support.

However, the moment his gaze fell across the gray robes, he was suddenly unable to detect the target’s proximity.

Like a heat wave disrupting the focal point of a camera, the gray figure became fuzzy and hard to grasp.

(Illusions!?)

They had taken advantage of the fact that “Invisible Bullet” required visual confirmation. The moment Kichijouji realized this, he also detected the blade of the “Mini Communicator” slashing downwards at his head. Unable to dodge, he could only close his eyes and await the impact.

“Gah!”

Yet, Leo was the one who cried out in pain as if all the air had been forcibly expelled from his lungs.

The blade Leo swung was sent off target and buried itself into the earth. Leo was flung aside by the blast and crumpled to the floor.

“Masaki!”

He was saved! Sparing the words of thanks, Kichijouji called out the name of his protector.

Kichijouji, who had completely fallen into the enemy’s trap, was plucked out of danger by Masaki, who was still bombarding Tatsuya’s position.

His fingers quickly danced across the screen of his CAD as Kichijouji brought up Weight-Type Magic.

The force of gravity abruptly intensified, sending Mikihiko “plummeting” downwards helplessly.

Kichijouji abandoned fixating on his favorite magic and poured on the magic to crush Mikihiko into the earth.

Completely suppressed, Mikihiko could only expel the crushed air out of his mouth.

Tatsuya did not idly watch this scene pass by.

The split second that Masaki diverted his attention to Kichijouji, Tatsuya immediately closed the gap to within 5 meters.

For someone with Tatsuya’s physical skills, this was but a paltry display of his prowess.

Yet, his target still remained one step away.

Masaki’s face clearly betrayed his agitation.

Rather than being a panic brought on by terror, the instincts of a soldier who had survived the battlefield told him he was in danger.

A continuous chain of sixteen compressed air bullets, far surpassing the limits laid down by the rules, came swarming towards Tatsuya.

The Counter Magic Gram Demolition was a technique that used compressed psions as bullets to forcibly eradicate Magic Sequences.

Due to its forceful nature, this was a highly inefficient technique.

Unknown to the common man, Magic Sequences also differed in strength.

The Magic Sequences forged by someone of Masaki’s caliber could not be so easily disassembled, so overwhelming force was used to forcibly annihilate it, which required an outrageous amount of compressed psions. Even for Tatsuya, this was not an inconsiderable sum, though it was far beyond what an average Magician could produce even if they spent the entire day working at it.

Yet in this instant, he had to dispel 16 shots.

Even though Tatsuya instantly made the call that Gram Demolition wasn’t going to make it in time, he resolutely refused to use “Decomposition”. He stubbornly stuck to his orders to keep classified magic under wraps.

He hid the fact that he was capable of “decomposing” information structures through “Gram Dispersal” and met the attack with “Gram Demolition”.

The ensuing result was a given.

After bringing down 14 of the shots, the last two hits struck home on Tatsuya’s body.



Seeing Tatsuya begin to crumple towards his feet, Masaki spat out “Shit!” in deep regret.

While in a complete flight or fight mode, he had released magic that surpassed the rules for destructive power. He realized this point the moment he released his magic.

This was only a few seconds after the fact, so the panel of judges might not have noticed yet.

The red flag hadn’t been raised yet, but he was profoundly aware that he was about to be disqualified for violating the rules.

That realization caused precious seconds to slip from Masaki’s hands.

His mind was completely blank as he concluded that there was nothing he could do to avert that.



[Multiple rib fracture. Liver ruptured. Massive internal bleeding.]

[Combat level dropping below optimal conditions]

[Auto Restoration Ability \ Auto Activate]

[Magic Sequence \ Uploading]

[Core · Eidos · Data \ Retrieving from storage]

[Restoration \ Commence — Complete]



—This sequence was completed even before Tatsuya could even consciously realize this.

Subconscious signal processing vastly outstripped conscious signal processing in terms of speed.

By the time he realized he was collapsing, his flesh had already been restored.

Within easy grasp of his fingers, a pair of motionless legs could be seen.

Tatsuya had no clue why Masaki stood there frozen and completely defenseless.

Currently, that reason did not concern him.

Before he even took the time to dwell on that subject, his body had already risen to its feet.

He took a step forward with his right foot and stretched his right arm past Masaki’s face that was appalled with shock.

The right hand that stabbed forth was never intended to strike Masaki, and just as it passed Masaki’s ear an explosion that was on the same level as a flash bang sprang from Tatsuya’s right hand.

The roar rendered the observation deck utterly silent.

Even Kichijouji, who was still locked in combat, couldn’t help but stop his actions and turn to look.





On Tatsuya’s right hand, his thumb was pressed tightly against the tip of his index finger as he held his inter-crossed fingers before him.

Under the gaze of the all the players, judges, spectators, and supporters, Masaki sank to the floor while Tatsuya powerlessly fell to his knees.



“What? What the heck just happened?”

Her face and voice unified in complete panic, Mayumi inquired of her neighbors.

No one answered her.

Neither Suzune nor Azusa could answer Mayumi’s question.

“……He snapped his fingers and then amplified the volume.”

The answer came from Katsuto, who was directly across from Suzune.

“……That sounds about right. He simply amplified the sound wave. Such a cacophony would likely rupture his eardrums and the semicircular canals, thus incapacitating Ichijou-kun. Certainly well within the confines of the rules.”

Suzune said after Katsuto.

“While the sound was amplified many decibels higher, the magic that was used earlier was solely from the Oscillation System. That’s why Tatsuya-kun, who doesn’t excel in activating magic at high speeds, could still accomplish this in such a swift manner.”

“That was obvious right from the start! Anyone could tell that from seeing the right hand!”

However, Mayumi’s mood seemed to blacken even more at these explanations.

“I am asking why was Tatsuya-kun able to rise after sustaining Ichijou-kun’s attacks that should have crippled him!

Wasn’t Tatsuya-kun taken out right there!?

His counter with ‘Gram Demolition’ was clearly not in time, right!?

He should have taken at least two hits!

So why has Tatsuya-kun taken damage that is beyond the maximum threshold for destruction and is still able to continue to fight!?”

“Saegusa, calm down!”

Mayumi took the news that Tatsuya might have sustained terrible injuries extremely poorly, as evidenced by her ashen face. Katsuto tried to calm her in a solemn voice.

“I saw the same scene, but the truth of the matter is that Shiba stood on his feet and moved in a manner that someone with grievous injuries is simply incapable of and defeated the enemy. Based on his current appearance, he appears to have suffered damage from the sound attack he released and not any other major injury.”

“But……”

“Isn’t Shiba an expert in antiquated martial arts? Rumor has it that the older styles contained physical arts that could strengthen the body and techniques that could mitigate blows directed towards the body. This is probably something similar to that.”

“…………”

Even though she wasn’t entirely convinced of the veracity of Katsuto’s words, Mayumi still recovered her calm.

“Our knowledge does not make up the entirety of the world. Magic is not the only ‘miracle’ out there.

In addition, the match isn’t over yet.”

“……You’re absolutely correct. I apologize, Juumonji-kun. Sorry, Rin-chan.”

As Mayumi was reconciling with Suzune, the battle entered a new phase.



“No matter when I see his Self-Restoration, the sight always impresses me to no end.”

Fujibayashi turned a half skeptical look at Yamanaka, who was happily remarking on the situation — albeit with an appropriately lowered volume to account for the crowd around them.

“……Did you really see Self-Restoration actually activating? I, for one, didn’t see the psion waves generated by spell activation.”

“Neither did I. I doubt Kudou-sama noticed either. That being said, the speed of his Self-Restoration ability has long since surpassed the realms of human cognition speeds.”

After reaching this point, Yamanaka finally noticed Fujibayashi glaring severely at him.

“Ah, no — I didn’t see anything. Of course I didn’t see Shiba Tatsuya-kun use some sort of theoretically impossible Self-Restoration ability. Seriously, his endurance is superhuman. How interesting!”

Yamanaka said lightly while indulging in delighted laughter. Fujibayashi stared at him in perplexity.

“Regardless, please don’t call him in so you can run experiments on him. He’s one of the only two people in this country, and rumored to be among the 50 or so precious assets with Strategic-Class abilities!”

“Somehow, I don’t think he’s such a weakling that he’d fall apart after one or two experiments.”

“Whether he would fall apart is not the problem here!”

At this merciless scolding, Yamanaka quickly shrank his neck in.

“Fine, but no matter how we slice it…… He used that thing, just like Fujibayashi said he would.”

“Indeed, Ichijou-kun is simply too tough an opponent with a low quality CAD. I think that even Flash Cast would be legitimate here.”

“Single Systematic Flash Cast, eh. Oh well, at least he managed to keep our secrets.”

The ones who wanted Flash Cast to remain a secret were the Yotsuba Family and not the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion. This ability was considered too unethical for even the military to adopt.

The Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion labeled Tatsuya’s original magic as classified. Even in the direst straits, Tatsuya stuck to his guns and never used “Decomposition”, only activating his Personal Restoration ability, which was something that no one could identify even if they saw it anyway. This way, Tatsuya only drew the attention of the masses. Otherwise, from the military’s perspective, a prized military asset like Tatsuya should be constantly protected from the influence of foreign elements.

At the same time, that would also severely limit his personal freedom. If the situation developed in that direction, the military would be forced to consider opposing, no, flat out countermeasures against Tatsuya. While his words were irksome, Yamanaka actually heaved a sigh of relief at the current outcome.

“The CAD in his left hand is calibrated for Oscillation-Type Magic precisely to cover for this. He’s just as prudent as always.”

“If that’s a high school student, there is something seriously wrong with this world. But, Flash Cast…… If he was an enemy, that sort of speed would be a terrifying threat.”

Fujibayashi expressed her sincere acknowledgement of Yamanaka’s words.

“Indeed…… That’s practically brainwashing the brain into carving the images of the Activation Sequences into memory, then directly recalling the Activation Sequence from memory without the aid of a CAD. This ability completely bypasses the need for the CAD to spread and read the Activation Sequences……

In his situation, the calculation area in his consciousness has taken this to the next level. By being able to construct Magic Sequences from memory, he also avoids the time needed to construct Magic Sequences in real time…… This way, he has absolutely replaced the deficit in processing speed.”

“More like made up for and then some. Do we even have someone in the troop that can beat the speed he just displayed? Even Yanagi, who shares the same systematic talent, is only barely able to match him.”

“……True, I can’t think of anyone else.”

The two of them were no longer watching the match.

They were solely focused on Tatsuya, who was still kneeling on the ground.



Kichijouji was utterly panic stricken.

He could not believe the scene that lay before his eyes.

Masaki was stretched out on the ground.

Even though his opponent, Tatsuya, was also kneeling on the floor, light still dwelt within his eyes.

In other words……

(Masaki, lost……?)

This was an altogether unbelievable sight.

An implausibility that simply couldn’t occur.

Originally, even if there was a minuscule chance the team could lose, the possibility that Masaki would fall was practically zero.

“Kichijouji, watch out!”

Kichijouji snapped out of it upon hearing his teammate calling out to him from their original position and activated “Lightning Rod” magic on reflex.

The grass became the focal point of the lightning attack and grounded out the electrical force.

Kichijouji finally realized that his opponent, who should have been crushed into the ground by Weight-Type Magic, was panting as the long robe whipped about him and glaring at him.



When the roar reached his ears, Mikihiko had no idea what had just happened.

He didn’t have the leisure to personally witness his surroundings.

Still, when the pressure forcing him into the ground suddenly vanished, he quickly rolled to a safe distance and got to his feet and spontaneously adopted evasive maneuvers.

Then, he finally took a good look around him.

Leo had been knocked unconscious.

Tatsuya was on both knees. Even though he hadn’t fallen, he didn’t look like he could continue.

And next to him, Ichijou Masaki stretched out his full length on the ground.

(You did it, Tatsuya!)

Mikihiko once thought that Tatsuya could find a way through anything; yet on the other hand, he also felt: “Even Tatsuya is……” Fired up by the achievement before his eyes, Mikihiko leaped up with renewed vigor.

Not that Mikihiko’s condition was any better.

Maybe, he was the worst off of the three.

A sharp, stabbing pain accompanied each laborious breath.

Even if the ribs weren’t broken, he probably couldn’t avoid minor fractures.

Due to the exorbitant amount of time under stress, he was a little light-headed right now.

His back was still in pain from being violently thrown to the ground. Mikihiko cursed the hardness of the earth despite the grass in the privacy of his mind.

However — he was not about to surrender.

In the worst case scenario, he still had to go one on two.

No, fear had no place in his heart, this was the savage truth of reality. Even so — defeat was not an option.

Tatsuya conquered the “Crimson Prince”.

At the very least, he was going to show him that he could take down “Cardinal George” — it was this “obstinacy” that drove Mikihiko to stand on shaky legs.

He manipulated his CAD to release a lightning attack. At the same time, he channeled magic into the gray robe he wore — psions that had been digitized.

His image was consumed by the spirits of “shadow” hidden in his robe.

Shadows are not synonymous with darkness.

The outline of an object could be traced by its shadow.

As independent information bodies of “shadow,” the spirits of shadow could disrupt the light and darkness that made up the silhouette in order to hamper an opponent’s ability to identify and aim at the target.

The spell originally belonged to the Yoshida Family and him by extension, but Tatsuya was the one who provided the robe as supplement, rewrote the software of the CAD to its current peak condition, and suggested that he use this spell to distort his image.

It was all thanks to Tatsuya that he could come close to matching his previous self — though Erika believed that he had surpassed his past — in terms of magic.

For someone with his family background and history to be forced into such degrading tasks was the ultimate humiliation, and Tatsuya was the one who gave him the opportunity to prove his mettle on the battlefield.

Along the way to the finals, Tatsuya was also the integral cog that made their advancement possible.

At this rate, at the end of all things, all the laurels would fall on Tatsuya.

Upon realizing this, Mikihiko bit his lip and funneled new life into his wavering legs.



—I will not rely on Tatsuya for everything!

—My pride forbids me from doing so!

—No matter what it takes, I will have my vengeance!

—Kichijouji Shinkurou, how you have dragged me into the mud!

—Come, allow me to return the favor!



These were the proud, grandiose, and arrogant words that Mikihiko spoke to himself.

Tatsuya said it already.

He already told me.

It is not you, Mikihiko, who is lacking. It is the spell itself.

Then—

(Tatsuya, allow me to prove the truth of your words!)

He ignored the magic that shot around his body.

Shadow magic had displaced an illusion of himself several steps away for the enemy to shoot at.

Putting faith in his own abilities, Mikihiko typed a long string of commands into the large smart phone-shaped CAD hidden in the inside of his robe.

Next, he took his right hand off the CAD and slapped the earth next to his feet.

Most Generalized CADs use two numbers and a confirmation key for a total of three keys to begin an Activation Sequence.

Higher quality models, especially the high tech smartphone ones, had features that included auto complete and selection of high efficiency magics, so one key stroke was all that was necessary to activate magic.

Yet today, Mikihiko hit over 15 keystrokes.

That was 5 times as many moves as the usual Generalized CAD needs for magic invocation.

Nevertheless, Mikihiko used a fraction of the normal time to complete the steps for Ancient Magic.

Since the number of key strokes for each Activation Sequence was the same, Mikihiko had no need to hit any extra keys. He wasn’t planning on combining five magics into one Magic Sequence, he was setting for the continuous activation of five magics.

This was a technique that unfolded in increments.

It wasn’t a simple Magic Sequence that had five magics crammed inside. Inside the code for each magic, there lay instructions to begin constructing the next Magic Sequence.

Each magic would verify the surrounding conditions and pass that onto the next spell, which was a mandatory and critical step for all Magicians who wielded Spirit Magic.

This continuous chain of movements didn’t require individual verification, but would process everything in a single, uninterrupted string.

That was the answer that Tatsuya gave Mikihiko.



The earth groaned beneath his hands.

Kichijouji was aware that the groaning was not caused by the Ancient Magic user striking the earth with his hands, but because he had activated Oscillation-Type Magic in the ground.

In spite of this, the “Magister”-like appearance and movements as well as their accompanying effect was sufficient to allow Kichijouji to mistakenly perceive that “the earth shook when the palm struck the ground”.

Cracks formed in the earth beneath Mikihiko’s hands and rushed towards the location where Kichijouji had lost his balance.

The ground was not physically tearing apart, but was being separated by the force exerted within. Theoretically, this was a concept he understood.

But for unknown reasons, his mental calculations seemed to have lost touch with reality.

Kichijouji used a combination of Weight-Type and Move-Type Magic and sought to escape through the air.

However, his feet were unable to leave the earth.

Grass was firmly wrapped around his ankles.

—He didn’t know of any magic that could command the plants like animals.

His heart wavered at the idea of being attacked by unknown magic.

This was done by simply commanding the air currents that brushed over the earth’s surface to create the image that the grass had wrapped around the target. Yet, Magicians who were only familiar with Systematic Magics would never believe that this was simply a “coincidental” — instead of actually changing the direction of the currents, all that was necessary was the perception of being “entangled” — brush of air.

The cracks in the earth arrived beneath his feet.

Kichijouji could almost feel the grass pulling him into the earth.

These were all illusions.

In order to escape from these illusions, Kichijouji gathered every ounce of Magic Power at his command into a leaping spell.

—And completely ignored the possibility that all this was unnecessary.

He had no need to tear through the cumbersome grass to jump to such a height.

Kichijouji was overcome with relief at escaping the mossy hell that had risen to his chin by springing into the sky. In this particular moment, his consciousness had completely overlooked Mikihiko’s presence. The opponent whom he was locked in battle with currently did not exist within his attention.

This was the decisive opening.

Mikihiko had continuously activated 5 magics.

“Earthshaker”, “Earth Splitter”, “Wild Hair”, “Ant Hell”.

Those were the first four spells that Mikihiko used.

And for his last attack, “Thunder Child”, this one was going to swat Kichijouji from the heavens as it came hurtling down from above.



“You bastard!”

Using his hands to hold him up, Mikihiko confirmed the kill shot. At this time, magic launched by the last member from Third High came flying towards him.

Dirt and dust piled atop one another as they came rolling forward, also known as Move-Type Magic “Land Tsunami”.

Compared to the original conception of the magic, this was really a downscaled Land Tsunami. Maybe it was because the user wasn’t well versed in this magic, or he toned down the firepower because of the rules.

Nonetheless, for Mikihiko, who had already sustained considerable damage from Kichijouji, this spell had sufficient power to finish him off.

He might be able to summon the spirits still burrowed in the earth to repel the oncoming dirt, Mikihiko thought — then swiftly gave up.

Alas, he didn’t have much Magic Power left.

While it was called Spirit Magic, the “spirits” themselves didn’t actually possess any power. Spirits were ultimately information bodies and nothing more than mediums used to influence the Eidos.

So, we still lost…… He thought as he watched the earth rush towards him. Suddenly, Mikihiko’s vision was obscured by darkness.

With the heavy sound of something colliding into a metal wall, the earth returned to its original position.

Mikihiko raised his head towards the black flying object that blocked his view.

There, he found his teammate waving his hands and shouting at him.

The flying edge of the Weaponized Integrated CAD had traveled a long distance to take out Third High’s last player.



“……Did we win?”

“……Yeah, we did.”

Mayumi asked as if muttering to herself, to which Suzune replied in the same manner.

That became the signal.

No one knew who started cheering.

One person set off two others, then four people, eight people, the chain reaction continued onward.

Finally culminating in an explosion.

First High’s disorderly cries seemed to merge together and sent the observation deck rocking.

This was a pure and innocent expression of emotion.

It was a sound that both serenaded the victors and bestowed the crushing blow of judgment towards the defeated.

However, this reckless celebration quickly tapered away.

Meanwhile, in the front row of First High’s supporters.

The figure of a young lady could be seen as she clasped both hands to her mouth as she watched the arena with tears of joy trickling down her cheeks.

Seeing her brother stagger to his feet and wave at her, she was at a loss for words and could only gaze at him.

As if to support her, the applause gradually spread around her.

Shortly afterward, the applause spread from the stands for First High’s supporters and spread across the entire stadium, regardless of whether they were friend or foe to form a clapping tide of praise.

—The entire stadium was enveloped in warm applause.



Even Tatsuya couldn’t help but be embarrassed by the unexpected shower of applause.

Tatsuya took off his helmet and walked to the two others. Leo and Mikihiko were both waiting for him, neither one of them sparing a glance at the audience stands.

“……Speaking of which, you stole all the limelight. Were you waiting for that to happen?”

The first thing Tatsuya said as he approached was this accusation of being a glory hound. Yet, regardless of whether it was the recipient Leo, Mikihiko who heard this, or Tatsuya who spoke up, everyone knew this was only to hide their awkwardness.

“No way. I was really out of it for a while. That’s the first time I’ve taken such a hit since taking a hit from a large motorcycle two years ago.”

“What? You took a hit from a large motorcycle?”

Mikihiko asked with an “Are you joking?” expression, but Leo nodded his head earnestly.

“Yeah, that one hurt a lot. There was some kid behind me so I couldn’t dodge, so I just decided to bite the bullet and pow! Just like that…… Still got hurt though, since I got away with three fractured ribs. Fortunately, this one wasn’t as bad as last time.”

“Uh…… Leo? Just in case, I just want to make sure that you used Fortifying Magic to defend against the compressed air pellets, right……?”

“Eh~, I’m sorry to say that all my concentration was focused on attacking…… So as you can see, I didn’t have any defenses in place. Ah! How embarrassing.”

Mikihiko’s face was flooded with question marks. Bluntly speaking, he was openly gaping, but fortunately no one was on hand to laugh at his expense, since the large screen had switched to view the entire arena overhead and was unable to capture any details of the players’ expressions.

“Then, you’re telling me…… You just took Ichijou-kun’s magic attacks?”

“I was defenseless, right? That’s why it took me so long to get up. Hm? Mikihiko, you broke your lip. Are you OK?”

“Ah…… Yeah, I’m OK…… Sorta.”

Mikihiko could only stand there stupefied at this disjointed conversation and unbelievable confession. However, Leo was in an excellent mood, so he didn’t pay much attention to Mikihiko’s bewilderment.

“Speaking of which, Tatsuya, you OK?”

“Hm? Sorry, could you repeat that?”

“I said, Tatsuya, you OK?”

“Ah…… Eardrums are ruptured on one side. Right now my ears aren’t doing too well. Compared to that, Mikihiko, what’s wrong with you? You look like you’ve seen a UFO.”

Mikihiko was currently engaged in a mental struggle over “Was he the strange one, no, that’s impossible”.

“Uh, Tatsuya, you didn’t hear…… our earlier conversation, did you?”

“I’m sorry. I’m reading lips right now to get a hint of what’s going on. I did however catch the part about Leo getting hit by a large motorcycle.”

“……So, do you have any questions for him?”

As if trying to end his mental struggle once and for all and prove that he was perfectly normal, Mikihiko asked Tatsuya with considerable trepidation, but……

“Questions? About what?”

Tatsuya’s answer sent Mikihiko looking skyward in despair.

“Mikihiko, what’s the matter? Don’t be so melancholy. We won! We are the champions, the champions!”

“You’re right……”

Mikihiko suddenly looked exhausted, which was perfectly natural considering Leo was perfectly at ease and Tatsuya seemed to mirror that sentiment.

Seeing those two, Mikihiko thought.

In the end, the final gasp was not decided by Magic Power or spells, but by physical endurance.

Upon seeing the two others finally give in to the undying applause and stand there side by side, shoulder to shoulder, as they waved back in response despite their embarrassment, Mikihiko was painfully aware that: “I need to train a lot more……”





Chapter 11




The celebrations for both the Newcomers Division and overall victories happened at the same time.

The three replacements who took First Place and were directly responsible for the triumph in the Newcomers Division were all injured in the finals, so this wasn’t exactly the time for reckless celebration. Even with that in mind, the real reason was even though overall victory was assured, preparations still needed to be made for tomorrow’s Mirage Bat event, hence they didn’t have time to really celebrate.

Thanks to First High’s newcomers turning the table, the difference in score between First and Third High grew even further.

Currently, the difference was 140 points.

For tomorrow’s Mirage Bat event, First Place earned 50 points, Second Place received 30 points, Third Place gets 20 points, and Fourth Place nabbed 10 points.

For tomorrow’s preliminary round and the finals for Monolith Code, First Place obtained 100 points, Second Place received 60 points, with Third and Fourth Place each receiving 40 points.

Based on tomorrow’s result, First High’s overall victory might become a certainty before reaching the final day.

The players and technicians were overwhelmed with work trying to procure the essentials (such as the uniforms and CADs for the Monolith Code players), so any member with time on their hands was also thrown into the fray.

Tatsuya intentionally avoided using “Restoration” on his ruptured right eardrum and received the usual medical treatment from the infirmary. Afterwards, he used Self Restoration to fully repair the damage and covered it up with the medical patch issued to him. Currently, he was alone with Miyuki and busy preparing for tomorrow.

None of the other team members, especially the upperclassmen, knew that he had fully recovered, so they were still in the throes of worry. While Tatsuya felt slightly guilty about deceiving them, he had his reasons as well. In atonement, he chose to silently endure the discomfort caused by wearing the ear protector in the scorching heat of summer. —He was quite aware that such a trivial matter did not constitute as atonement.

Still, even though they were “overwhelmed with work”, this could not compare to the sheer madness from the day before.

Scratch that, maybe it wasn’t even close.

Yesterday evening, he had to fully equip two people from scratch — three, including himself — CADs included, which created a level of frantic industry rarely seen in this field.

Although Miyuki had switched from the Newcomers Division to the Official Division, she was originally slated for Mirage Bat anyway, so her preparations proceeded apace. Events outside of their control had cost them a day, but that wouldn’t affect the outcome by much.

“Don’t force yourself, Tatsuya-kun, take a break. You already pushed yourself too hard yesterday.”

“Miyuki-chan, you too. If you always work so hard, we’ll never stop incurring injuries.”

Tatsuya expertly completed the CAD examination. Along with Miyuki, he was practically forcibly expelled by Mayumi and Suzune, drawing today’s activities to a close.




Elsewhere, at this time during the same night, another group of people were plagued by insomnia as they were backed into a corner.

“At this point, First High’s victory is practically written on the wall…”

“Fuck that! Do you want to give up? Do you want to sit down and die?!”

“If First High wins like this, we’re going to lose over a billion. In U.S. dollars!”

“We’d be better off dead in the face of that kind of loss! HQ was never interested in this plan because upon failure, the loss in capital would be enormous. We were the ones who forced this plan through. Now, if we’re lucky we would be turned into ‘Generators’, and anyone unworthy would become ‘Boosters’ to slave away for the organization until the day we die.”

The men sitting around the table turned fearful gazes on the four frozen men standing in the four corners of the room.

“Without this plan, we might not be able to meet our quotas… but I think we overreached ourselves.”

“This isn’t the time to say that! …In that case, let’s do it, by any means possible!”

“He’s right! We already spent considerable energy forcing the favored candidates to lose their matches. By now, we shouldn’t hesitate to adopt more brutal tactics. Even if our customers are suspicious, so long as we don’t leave any evidence behind, those are only empty accusations at the end. Now, we go all the way or bust!”

“Send agents to the assistants. For tomorrow’s Mirage Bat, force all of First High’s players to withdraw — by any means possible!”

“They won’t die if they’re lucky. Otherwise, I guess they weren’t lucky.”

The men looked at one another with maniacal smiles on their faces, their thoughts in accord.




The ninth day of the Nine Schools Competition. The pleasant weather that lasted until yesterday took a turn for the worse, with thick clouds that hinted of rain covering the skies. It was a dark and overcast day.

Still, there was no blinding sunlight with the dark clouds in the sky, creating perfect conditions for Mirage Bat. For the players, Miyuki included, this forecast was undoubtedly “excellent weather”.

“While this is an ideal condition for Mirage Bat… Yet I somehow feel that this is the harbinger of conflict.”

Hearing Tatsuya murmuring to himself as he watched the skies, Miyuki creased her brows.

“Is something else going to happen…?”

“Since their goal remains a mystery… No evidence of something afoot does not guarantee that nothing will occur. Regardless, Miyuki doesn’t need to worry. No matter what happens, only you, I will protect to the absolute end.”

Tatsuya’s words had no superfluous meaning.

For Tatsuya, his sole purpose was to safeguard Miyuki.

To be brutally honest, in Tatsuya’s mind, sacrificing the other players was nothing more than a method to the madness.

However — Tatsuya probably gave thanks that no one was around to overhear their conversation.

If a third party was present… If someone saw Tatsuya watching the sky and, out of his sight range, Miyuki drooping her head in embarrassment while wearing a thoroughly delighted smile as she drifted towards him, they might report the siblings for the crime of “homicide by headaches”.




Miyuki was set to appear in the second match.

Actually, appearing in the first match with the maximum amount of rest was the best case. But now that Tatsuya thought about it, not everything goes their way, so they should be thankful that she wasn’t scheduled for the third match.

The two of them chose to observe the first match from the auxiliary observation deck on the side.

While there was a 45 minute break between the first and second matches, moving from the main audience stands to the competition arena was a waste of time.

The players from the other schools apparently thought the same, given the way they were congregated around one side of the arena.

“Kobayakawa-senpai looks pretty fired up!”

That was Miyuki’s assessment of their senpai, who was one of the players waiting on one of the upraised circular pillars in the middle of the lake for the starting signal.

That was Tatsuya’s opinion as well.

However, Mari once complained that Kobayakawa was an unstable individual. Now that he thought about it, since this might be the decisive match that clinched First High’s overall victory, it was probably impossible to tell her to relax.

Still, the bottom line was that victory or defeat was entirely up to her, but there didn’t seem to be any problems, Tatsuya thought.

Under the combined gaze of the audience, related personnel, and fellow teammates, the starting signal rang out.

The first match turned into flurry of activity to decide the standings, but Kobayakawa maintained a slim lead.

Breathless, Erika could finally let out a sigh of relief and turned to speak to her neighbor Mizuki — only to find her friend staring at the scene with widened eyes thoroughly unlike her.

“Mizuki… Is it OK for you to take off your glasses?”

Magicians who were oversensitive to pushion light wore special glasses to inhibit the effects of pushion light as well as to avoid becoming emotionally stimulated by active pushions. In the current situation, taking off her glasses in such a furious event surely brought incredible stress on her spirit.

“In truth… It’s a little uncomfortable.”

Erika noticed that Mizuki’s hands that were holding her glasses on her thighs shook from time to time.

“But, I don’t think that always evading the issue is the answer.”

“…I don’t think Mizuki is evading the issue at all.”

Erika had heard Mizuki’s reason for attending magic high school numerous times.

Of course, the predominant reason was to be able to take advantage of this rare talent. Specifically, she hoped to enroll in the magic universities as a Magic Artificer.

Yet at the same time, she also wished to learn how to control this pair of “eyes” that often saw simply too much. Within the limits set for Course 2 students, she wished to receive the fullest amount of training.

While still immature, but precisely because she saw this as her “strength”, this certainly did not qualify as running away. And precisely because it wasn’t fully developed yet, Erika believed that using supporting tools and equipment was the right approach.

Precisely because of this.

“Rome wasn’t built in one day. Likewise, you won’t fully control your abilities in one shot and, though I shouldn’t be the one to say this, doing so usually ruins your body as well. Mizuki, this could cause irreparable damage!”

That’s why she chose such a stern lecture.

“Yeah… But, if I avert my eyes at a time something that I must see is visible, I think that’s also incorrect…”

In spite of this, Mizuki still kept her glasses on her lap.

“When Watanabe-senpai was injured, if I was watching carefully, I might have provided some assistance to Tatsuya-kun and the others.”

“…So this time, you’re keeping watch in case another incident occurs?”

“Exactly. You know…… I think Miyuki will be perfectly fine. That’s because if something was wrong with Miyuki, there’s no way that could escape Tatsuya-kun’s eyes. However, he’s simply unable to handle all the other players today. In addition, he was overworked yesterday. So if…”

“If the other players ran into trouble, Tatsuya-kun wouldn’t just sit there twiddling his thumbs either. That’s most likely the case… He looks cold on the outside, but he’s a good guy on the inside.”

“Tatsuya-kun’s warmth comes from looking after his friends…!”

“Yes, yes, I got it!”

(If not towards his “friends”, he would definitely be the sort to make the coldest, most objective decisions.)

Erika kept that thought to herself. She pressed both palms together in front of her and sought to comfort the slightly annoyed Mizuki.

Mikihiko, who was sitting on Mizuki’s other side, interjected upon hearing their conversation.

“I understand Erika’s concerns towards Shibata-san and share the same belief that Tatsuya has. Shibata-san’s ‘eyes’ are undeniably the most reliable tool to prevent someone using Spiritual Magic to hinder the competition. Since we have a barrier erected around us to dampen the effects of pushion light, I don’t think any residual after effects will linger.”

Hearing the unnatural eagerness within Mikihiko’s words (according to Erika), Erika revealed a mischievous smirk.

“Hm~…? So Miki will protect Mizuki now?

If something happens to Mizuki, Miki will take full responsibility now?

Of course, that’s the type of responsibility men will take for women, right?”

“Wha, this isn’t the time to talk about that!”

Beet red, Mikihiko’s furious rebuttal wholly ignored his usual objection to his nickname.

Speaking of Mizuki, she was also blushing a deep red and seemed to be at a loss for words.

“…You truly are an evil woman!”

On the other hand, Erika utterly ignored the sighs and annoyed scoldings coming from the other side of her seat.

Between Leo, who was currently being ignored, and Erika, who was feigning ignorance, the usual lively conversation started. At this time, the bell for the second round started.

Both of them wore an “unsatisfied” expression and used their facial expressions to convey their meaning while shutting their mouths to avoid distracting the players and the other members of the audience.

Afterwards, shortly after the second round began, that incident happened.



Both Kobayakawa and another player leaped at the same time towards a green orb in the sky.

Unfortunately, the other player reached the target first.

Kobayakawa used magic to stop her leaping momentum.

Her body came to a stop in the air.

Next, she sought to use magic to return to her starting location, but found another player had already landed at that location.

Unruffled, she decided on the closest landing spot and switched the Magic Sequence to land there.

However, her body that was supposed to move in a diagonal pattern — fell directly downwards through gravity’s influence.

Even the spectators in the audience could see Kobayakawa’s expression falter as she began to fall.

Shock.

Panic.

Terror.

The magic that was supposed to support her failed to activate.

Magic had supported her life to this day, yet suddenly betrayed her at this critical moment. She forgot to even struggle as she plummeted towards the surface of the lake.

Even though it was the water’s surface, this was still a 10 meter fall.

If the landing was poor, this might be fatal.

Nor did Kobayakawa appear to take any stance to prepare for landing.

Fortunately, this was an athletic competition with two or three layers of safeguards in place. There were emergency responses in place if a player suddenly lost control of their magic and began to fall.

The staff on hand immediately released Speed-Type Magic.

From the moment Kobayakawa started to fall until the staff used magic to catch her body, probably less than a second had elapsed.

Still, she was less than half way from the water’s surface.

This was more than enough to completely crush her confidence.



With pitying eyes, Tatsuya watched them carry away his unconscious senpai on a stretcher.

The greatest reason why young men and women lost their ability to use magic was because of hazardous situations caused by magic failure and the subsequent distrust towards magic in general.

Magic is a power that deceives the world.

Magic itself exists outside the truth of the world, hence the deception.

Even so, if everyone could use their “eyes” to see magic like Tatsuya, then they could easily believe this deceptive yet truthful power.

Nevertheless, for most Magicians (especially the chicks and saplings), magic was an immutable, invisible existence. Even if they could see the psions, they couldn’t see how magic was interacting with their world. In short, they were clueless beyond theoretical knowledge.

— When I’m using magic, is this really my own power —

Every Magician-in-training came across this question during their education. No, this suspicion. Once magic failed to materialize, resulting in danger that relied on magic to avert, this suspicion rapidly turned into belief.

— See, magic doesn’t exist —

This belief.

Once this idea was implanted into a Magician, magic would forever be out of their reach.

Magic was such a fragile existence that balanced on the tips of the mental scales.

(…Kobayakawa-senpai is likely broken for life.)

As if to comfort the utterly pale Miyuki, Tatsuya cradled her shoulders into his chest as he murmured to himself.

When in gravity’s grasp and at the moment of inception, Kobayakawa’s expression was covered with terror.

It was someone else. Even if he made that distinction, realizing that someone had forever lost their precious abilities certainly left a bitter after taste.

As if pressing a burning brand to the gaping wound, his messaging terminal in the chest pocket started vibrating and arrested his melancholy.

Miyuki, who was pressed tightly against him, turned a shocked expression towards Tatsuya. He calmly removed the fold up device and pressed it to his ear.

“Tatsuya, it’s me, Mikihiko. Got a moment?”

“…Ah, no problem.”

Even though the lights clearly showed that the sound wave interference module on the device was working, Tatsuya still lowered his volume.

“Unfortunately, during the earlier incident, I was unable to detect any magic at work.”

“Is that so…”

“Sorry for disappointing you…”

“Please don’t worry on that account, I failed to notice anything either.”

“However, Shibata-san has something she wants to say to you.”

“Mizuki? You mean, her glasses were off?”

Tatsuya’s tone contained a level of astonishment that wasn’t feigned.

Yet, Mikihiko didn’t immediately reply,

“Tatsuya-kun, this is Mizuki.”

Because someone else had taken hold of the phone.

“Mizuki, did you see anything?”

Are you OK? Those words were stuck in Tatsuya’s throat.

Still, Tatsuya believed that this would be trampling over Mizuki’s good intentions.

As someone affiliated with magic, she made the conscious decision to use her “vision”.

Then, inquiring about the results was what a member of the magic world like him should respond with, Tatsuya thought.

“Yes, well… On Kobayakawa-senpai’s right arm… maybe near where she was wearing her CAD, I saw a light, no, more like a ‘spirit’ bursting apart.”

“Really… You saw that. So, you said this ‘spirit’ burst apart?”

“Uh…… Yes, that’s the feeling I got. Like a really old electronic scattering sparks everywhere, something like that……”

“I see. So that’s it, I get it now… So that’s how they did it.”

Tatsuya got a muddled image of what snare their “enemies” laid for them.

“Uh, Tatsuya-kun…?”

Apparently, his nodding movement could be detected through his voice over the phone.

A somewhat hesitant, but very hopeful voice (from Mizuki) traveled across the other end of the line.

“Excellent find, Mizuki. This is an invaluable piece of information!”

“Thank you, you are very welcome!”

Before Mizuki could ask her burning questions, Tatsuya replied first. Afterwards, Mizuki’s anxious voice came back over the line.




Unfortunately, in the first match, First High was forced to withdraw in the middle.

Tatsuya departed First High’s pavilion that was currently suffused in a gloomy aura and made his way to the CAD examination pavilion staffed by the board.

He left Miyuki in the player’s resting area — even in the pavilion, it still counted as a “room”.

Based on the modus operandi, it seemed highly unlikely that they would strike in two consecutive matches, and they hadn’t directly assaulted the players themselves. On the other hand, players usually focused all their attention on the upcoming match rather than worrying about details like mechanical inspections and the sort. Tatsuya adopted a similar line of reasoning with his companions.

CAD examination was a procedure that had been repeated numerous times in the past few days and should be the area of least hassle or concern. However, his optimism died the moment he plugged the CAD into the examination device.

This behavior was completely impulsive.

The moment the board member took the CAD from his hands and connected it to the examination device and started operating the controls,

Instantly, he detected the anomaly, and by the time he realized this…

His hand had already dragged the man across the table and thrown him violently to the floor.

A pained shriek rang out.

Immediately afterward, an angry roar — to be precise, it was the guard who let out this angry roar — rapidly approached.

But, even hearing this sound was insufficient to halt his intentions.

A suffocating aura of killing intent stopped the footsteps in their tracks and draped the scene in silence.

This was the manifestation of the last remaining remnant of his “sincerity” (emotion-wise).

“…You’ve severely underestimated me!”

The painful groan was likely a biological reaction because of the increased force from the kneecap pressed down on his chest.

The board member that was thrown to the floor was so terrified of Tatsuya’s demonic aura that his teeth weren’t even chattering and could only lay there with spasms breaking out over his face.

“Did you seriously think that you could tamper with Miyuki’s personal effects and not rouse my ire?”

Despite hearing this, any third party unaware of his family situation could not comprehend his meaning.

At the same time, even if that was the case, no one would fail to understand—

The sinister smile on his lips.

The board member who was on the receiving end of this violence had touched that which cannot be touched — the scales of the dragon.

Completely ignoring the crowd around him, Tatsuya coldly spoke to the man crumpled on the floor.

“What did you plant inside Miyuki’s CAD during the examination? That’s not a typical virus!”

The man’s face shook even harder now. This level of terror and despair went beyond someone looking Death in the eye. This was the face of the condemned being read their sins in the depths of hell.

“So, this is how you tamper with the CAD software. Owing to the rules of the competition, no CAD can avoid coming through this bottleneck.”

In the crowd of security personnel who arrived to subdue Tatsuya, the foremost one overheard Tatsuya’s muttering and sucked in a breath. He turned his gaze on the man responsible for CAD examination who was currently subdued by Tatsuya. The officer’s eyes gradually switched from watching a victim to gazing at a potential suspect.

“Still, you aren’t the only one responsible for all the shenanigans during this competition, are you?”

Under Tatsuya’s knees, tears trickled out of the corner of the man’s eyes as he weakly shook his head.

“Oh? You choose silence?”

Tatsuya expressively formed the fingers of his right into a karate chop before the man’s eyes.

The finger tips approached the man like the fangs of a snake.

Tatsuya’s right hand slowly stalked towards the fallen man’s throat.

Seeing this, everyone present was mesmerized by the sight and, for some reason, they were all thinking about the same thing.

They were visualizing the same event.

The young man’s fingers would easily tear through this piteous sinner’s skin, gouge out the throat, and pass merciless judgment amid a sea of blood…

“What is going on here?”

Just before this tragedy could play out to its inevitable conclusion, an elder’s composed voice released everyone from their stasis.

There was no sense of intimidation or majesty; instead, the voice passed over them like a spring breeze as it swallowed the towering murderous intent and neutralized it.

“—Kudou-sama!”

His demons exorcised, Tatsuya reined in his demonic aura, retracted his hand and knees before rising to bow towards Elder Kudou.

“My terrible apologies. I have disturbed you with an unsightly display.”

“You are — First High’s Shiba-kun. Yesterday’s match left an indelible impression. So, what’s going on here?”

Feeling Tatsuya retract his fangs, someone sought to arrest the young man responsible for this chaos, but a colleague in the front ranks who overheard Tatsuya’s words restrained him.

“Due to the illegal activities directed towards our school’s CADs, I am currently interrogating the apprehended suspect.”

“Is that so.”

Anyone who had been held in place by his demonic aura and murderous intent knew this was a lie.

Interrogate wasn’t going to cut it.

However, Elder Kudou chose not to pursue that issue and merely inclined his head at Tatsuya’s words.

“This is the CAD that was tampered with?”

“Correct.”

The old Magician once known as the “wiliest” removed the CAD from the examination device and held it before his eyes before nodding in agreement.

“…Indeed, an abnormality is present. I’ve seen this before. While I was still in the service, during the battles in the East China Seas, the Magicians in the Guangdong Army used this sort of Golden Electron Silkworms.”

As he said this, he directed a chilling gaze towards the man on the ground.

This cold voice sent the man crawling backwards.

“Golden Electron Silkworms pass across connections to invade electronic devices. It’s a SB magic that disables precision weaponry.”

SB Magic was the name given to magic that used self-regulated immaterial existences, also known as “spirits”, as a medium. Elder Kudou briefly recalled his experiences and slowly unmasked this magic.

“The silkworms don’t rewrite the process itself. Instead, they interfere with the output signal and may even alter the signal. This delays the spell activation by hampering the electronic mechanism without triggering the OS or anti-virus programs. Prior to identifying the Golden Electron Silkworms, our forces suffered terribly under its effects… Were you aware of this?”

“No.”

At Elder Kudou’s inquiry, Tatsuya avoided any unnecessary movement and maintained an “at-ease” stance as he replied verbally.

“This is the first I’ve heard of the term Golden Electron Silkworms. However, I immediately detected a foreign element intruding on the system I designed.”

“I see.”

Hearing Tatsuya’s words, Elder Kudou revealed a delighted smile.

Still, by the time he turned his gaze on the perpetrator, this smile had morphed into a predatory smile that a veteran Magician of a hundred battles turned on a hapless foe.

“Now, where did you come across the spell for Golden Electron Silkworms…?”

With a screech, the spy attempted to flee the scene, but was quickly brought down by the guards who originally came to arrest Tatsuya.



“Well, Shiba-kun. It’s about time for you to return to the stadium. Just use the backup CADs for now. Since this kind of situation has occurred, there’s no need for further examinations. Speaking of which, board chairman?”

At these sudden summons, one of the older gentlemen behind him — that being said, he was still a dozen years younger than Elder Kudou — hurriedly nodded his head.

“For such an unsavory individual to infiltrate the staff is a scandal of unprecedented proportions. Afterwards, I would like to hear your explanation.”

The chairman looked ready to faint, but still managed to reply in the affirmative. Elder Kudou turned from his band of followers and once more turned a delighted gaze towards Tatsuya.

“Shiba Tatsuya-kun, I would like to speak with you sooner or later.”

“Definitely, if the opportunity beckons—”

“Indeed, allow me to look forward to this ‘opportunity’.”

This was the first encounter between Tatsuya and Kudou Retsu.




Upon returning to First High’s pavilion, Tatsuya was acutely aware that the looks sent his way had developed minute, yet definitive, changes.

—Maybe, he should say they have “reverted to their original state”.

The reason he said minute was because they were trying, but failed, to hide their subtle glances. They felt guilty about seeing him in a different light, yet could not suppress the wavering in their hearts.

Tatsuya was no fool.

His emotions were merely skewed in a certain direction, with one particular half becoming especially sensitive.

Hence, he was slow to accept good intentions.

Yet very adept at picking up hostility.

Currently, he was very accustomed to reading the glances thrown his way. It was the bewilderment, terror, and avoidance one experienced when encountering an unidentified outlier.

“Onii-sama…”

Among them, one young lady did not shun him and approached him with subdued voice and expression.

“Sorry, I made you worry.”

That was the only gaze that plucked his heartstrings.

“How can that be! Wasn’t Onii-sama enraged on my behalf?”

At the same time as she shook her head vigorously, her brushed hair parted slightly.

“That was fast. Have you heard the details?”

Tatsuya gently adjusted the loose strands and caressed his sister’s head. Shyly, Miyuki dipped her head, but still answered her brother’s question clearly.

“No. That’s because, whenever Onii-sama is actually furious… It’s always because of me…”

Her clear answer trailed off into a sob. Tatsuya used one hand to stroke his sister’s face and gently raised her head.

“…Exactly. I will only anger for your sake.

But, Miyuki. It is perfectly natural for an older brother to be furious for a young sister.

In my heart, that is the last scrap of something ‘perfectly natural’.

So, Miyuki, you don’t have to be so sad.”

Tatsuya released his right hand and pulled out a handkerchief, which he used to dab at the tear corners of his sister’s eyes.

“Besides… Wouldn’t it be a shame for your tears to ruin such a beautiful make up job? Today is an auspicious day when you will ascend to the stage.”

“Don’t say that… Seriously, Onii-sama. I’m not the only one competing today. This is called blatant favoritism!”

In spite of the wry smile, the brilliancy of Miyuki’s smile was second to none.

At least, that’s how Tatsuya saw it.

Seeing his sister’s smile restored, Tatsuya was satisfied and at ease. His hands dropped from his sister’s face to her shoulder as he directed them inside. When he lifted his head to look at the pavilion, he suddenly felt another subtle change in looks he was receiving. This time, the change was in a more interesting direction.

Hidden within the secret glances in their direction,

Was a lukewarm gaze that was both irritated but unable to take their eyes off of them.

“Ah, Tatsuya-kun.”

Presently, as if the Student Council President spoke on behalf of all the students present, Mayumi used an especially cold voice and gaze to welcome Tatsuya.

“When I heard from the board that ‘one of the students from your school abruptly assaulted someone’, I was at wit’s end trying to figure out what happened… So, apparently a certain sis-con brother flew into a rage when someone attempted to act against his beloved little sister!”

While this wasn’t a very flattering way to describe the circumstances, Tatsuya got the distinct feeling of someone in the path of a tornado and feeling the cold wind nipping at him. Realizing that he was in a completely inferior situation, Tatsuya helplessly chose to make a tactical retreat.

Thus, he quickly retreated into the work room allotted for technicians.

This way, Tatsuya finally managed to avoid being ostracized within First High, though whether this result was brought about by his own will… Even he was not able to say.




The day broke over a darkened sky and showed no signs of turning for the better by the time the second match started around 9:30 AM.

“It’s a fine day today… Hopefully, this will continue into the evening.”

“Might get sunny around the evening.”

“Though starlight presents its own challenges… Oh well, still better than a rainy day.”

The siblings’ conversation seemed to assume that advancing beyond the preliminaries was a statement of fact. However, Azusa, who was sitting in a nearby chair, seemed completely “indifferent” with this.

Generally, the difference in strength between Year 1 and Year 2 students exceeded the difference between Year 2 and Year 3 students. This was because customized magic education officially began at the high school level.

Thus, if not present during the Newcomers Division, rarely do Year 1 students appear in the Official Division. Usually, players that were suddenly promoted to the Official Division from the Newcomers Division had a tough time getting through the preliminaries, not to mention placing in the standings.

That being said—

(That sort of common sense probably doesn’t apply to Miyuki… And on top of that, there’s Shiba-kun as well.)

Excluding her more timid nature, Azusa was undoubtedly one of the top tier Magicians (chicks) in her cohort. The fact that she was selected as one of the brass within First High despite her weaker personality was a testament to her skills.

Yet in Azusa’s eyes, Miyuki possessed the power to challenge for First Place.

Just the sister alone was already a formidable opponent with superlative skills, now there was an older brother who was fully supporting her.

Even Mari, the favored champion, would be hard pressed to defeat her even in peak condition.

While Azusa was contemplating these other details, in reality, she was the technician responsible for the third match, which is why she was here so early to help make any final CAD adjustments and system diagnostics.

The Official Division’s Monolith Code and Mirage Bat were the final two gender exclusive events in the Nine Schools Competition, so each school’s personnel were busy preparing for the events.

First High chose to pair one player with one technician to handle these two events.

To be brutally honest, as a Technician, Tatsuya was also Azusa’s opponent.

However — before the first shot was fired, regardless of who won or lost, Azusa’s will to compete had completely evaporated.

The earlier incident.

The board sent word that Tatsuya assaulted some of the staff. Upon learning this, she was more “terrified” than shocked.

Rather than being surprised, somewhere in her heart she knew — “if it was him”.

Even though they were nothing more than recent, casual acquaintances, Azusa believed that “he wasn’t the type to act violently without cause”. On the other hand, if he did have a reason, he wasn’t the sort to hold back.

This readiness to resort to unbridled savagery chilled Azusa to the core.

A considerable proportion of magic usage fell within the purview of the military, both in terms of military strength and active deterrents. Azusa was perfectly clear on this point. But regardless of whether it was the military or public safety, this was still an institutionalized “violence”. In order to activate this “violence”, the responsibility was divvied between the decision maker, the one who gave the orders, the executors, and the supervisors.

Yet, he was willing to make the decision, execute, and bear the full responsibility.

Perhaps, he wouldn’t even bat an eyelid if the man had to die — executed with his own hands.

She was absolutely terrified of that ice-cold heart forged of steel.

The shock came afterwards, when he shared the details behind his actions.

He came across illegal CAD modifications and apprehended the culprit on site.

The tear-stricken, tortured expression on Hirakawa, the Year 3 student who served as Kobayakawa’s Technician, was deeply imprinted into Azusa’s eyes. That sort of harrowing regret was easy to imagine and could resonate with anyone.

She hadn’t noticed that the CAD was tampered with. Due to this, a player suffered a major accident, culminating in an exceptional peer possibly bidding farewell to her powers forever and being doomed to a broken life. In the face of that, she… If she was in Hirakawa’s shoes, she might have fled the scene and cried herself to sleep in her hotel room, Azusa thought.

It was an undeniable fact that Tatsuya was a Course 2 student and, at the same time, a “dunce”.

His technical scores hovered just above passing.

During the skill examinations after school commenced, roughly five students failed every year, so even if his grades were closer to “pretty terrible” instead of “fairly poor”, there was nothing to be done.

Yet, the reality was — when excluding the “strength” based on artificial conditions like examinations and based solely on the Magician’s ability to adapt fluidly to various situations, his assessment was completely inverted.

Regardless of whether it was development, analysis, calibration, or combat.

His strength went “beyond” First-Class.

Even if they didn’t exclude his Magic Power and assessed him based on his ability to apply Magic, he was the true “valedictorian” worthy of standing at the top of the pyramid.

Then—

(Our “grades”… “Course 1 students”, what of these? What’s the point of differentiating between “Course 1 students” and “Course 2 students”?)

During the Nine Schools Competition, after watching Tatsuya at a close proximity, Azusa started seriously considering this question.

And remained bewildered.

That was the unease coming from her faltering values system, hitherto unchallenged and held to be truth, which had suddenly become vague and untrustworthy.

Azusa never held herself as an elitist who took pride in her “Bloom” status and derogatorily looked down at the Course 2 students as “Weeds”.

At least, she wasn’t conscious of it.

Despite this — her exceptional magical talent and her identity as a skilled magic high school student — she still took “pride” in these labels.

For Magicians groping their way through life, confidence in their own magical abilities was synonymous to the courage that sustained them throughout their journey to blaze a new path as Magicians. Even if Azusa wasn’t consciously aware of this point, the fact remained that her confidence as a Magician undeniably supported her throughout her life.

This wasn’t restricted to just magic. For youngsters, anyone would be greatly uneasy about such murky concepts like “tomorrow” or the “future” precisely because they lacked the “experience” or “track record”, hence they relied on their “self-confidence” and “self-esteem”.

For Azusa, those things (“self-confidence” or “self-esteem”) originated from her “magic” and ultimately gave her status as a “talented student within the magic high schools”. To be precise, her self-confidence and self-esteem were born out of her “magic grades”.

That being said, both self-confidence and self-esteem could only wilt before the spectacle that was Tatsuya.

Her test scores as a Year 1 student were plainly superior, but regardless of whether as a combat Magician, Magic Artificer, or even Magic Researcher, she never got the inkling that she was better in any way. Even her own unique talents, which she privately felt could rival even Mayumi or Mari, paled in front of Tatsuya.

Still, Azusa felt that she didn’t need to stress out over this feeling of self-abasement.

She was more than 90% sure that Tatsuya was “him”.

—Against “him”, feeling inadequate was only natural.

—Against “him”, feeling diminished was ludicrous.

Azusa used this to convince herself.

(But everyone doesn’t know yet…)

Precisely because no one knew, this feeling became more prominent,

Became more obvious.

Surely the other Year 1 students in his cohort felt the same.

As a Course 1 student who was outshone by a Course 2 student — what did their “grades” even signify?

“A-chan, it’s best not to dwell on that for too long!”

Azusa was startled when someone suddenly greeted her from behind and swiftly turned around to find Mayumi smiling wryly at her.

“That thing, is spe·ci·al.”

Despite referring to her underclassman as a “thing”, her tone was quite warm.

“There will be some children who simply cannot accept this…… But as high school students, they must learn to accept things that they do not agree with. Even if it’s true that Course 2 students cannot match Course 1 students in technical skills, it is also true that Tatsuya-kun has surpassed our level.”

“Eh? But…”

Hearing these shocking words, Azusa was struck speechless.

True, Tatsuya’s level was above her, Azusa thought. —Even if she was against “him”, she was forced to admit she would have some regrets.

But Mayumi’s level was also superb, and Azusa didn’t think she would lose to Tatsuya in any way.

“It’s not like I’m completely out of his league.”

Maybe seeing through Azusa’s bewilderment, Mayumi smiled wryly once more.

“From an aggregate magic perspective, I should have the edge. If it turned into a shootout, so long as I keep a wide berth, I can still do it.”

After downplaying her words, Mayumi’s expression eased somewhat.

“However, there are areas where I am unquestionably behind. For CAD related skills, even though I’m not far behind, I’m definitely no match for him. Unfortunately, he also holds all the cards in terms of magic knowledge.”

Mayumi added carelessly, as if the upperclassmen’s complete loss of face didn’t concern her in the slightest.

“Everyone is proficient and lacking in different areas, so there’s rarely someone who’s superior in every single way. When I say Tatsuya’s level is higher, I mean that his knowledge and skills in magic engineering are unrivaled.”

Mayumi caught Azusa’s eye in order to carefully examine Azusa’s gaze.

“On the other hand, regardless of whether it is myself or A-chan, both of us tower over Tatsuya-kun in magic technical ability, so there’s no reason to be so depressed. The contents of the magic skills examination each possess their purpose, just as the test scores are not representative of a person’s value, test scores are only one part of a person’s value.”

Azusa wordlessly listened to Mayumi’s words.

“Then again, heh…”

Whew, this time Mayumi actually let out a sigh.

“Those that fully believe in ‘their own superiority’ tend to be unwilling to accept that they cannot surpass someone in every way. They even forgot that the actual difference between Course 1 and 2 students originally arose because they needed to differentiate the grades for those who passed the entrance exam and who could receive instruction.”

Somewhere, somehow, Azusa’s eyes widened. Her mind had gone completely blank at Mayumi’s unexpected words.

What did she mean forget? This was the first time she had ever heard that the difference between Course 1 and 2 students was caused by educational differences.

“In the end, it was still a uniform issue… In the beginning, it was simply because the number of students exceeded expectations and they couldn’t change all the embroidery in time……”

“Eh, really?”

“Huh? You didn’t know?”

Hearing the real story for the first time, Azusa received a wholly different shock than before and remained silent. Hearing Mayumi murmur, “Really, it appears that not many people know……”, Azusa could only keep nodding.

“Did you know that First High used to accept 100 students each year? They had to accept more Magicians to follow international standards, so First High increased their student body size. The government at the time must have wanted immediate results. Adding new students at the beginning of the next school year would have been fine, but in reality, they added more students in the middle of the term.

However, the school was unable to increase the number of educators in the middle of the term. So, their temporary solution was to teach the theoretical knowledge to the students who joined in the middle of the term, then begin technical instruction during the second year. This became the Course 2 student system.

However, once the Course 2 students enrolled, there was an error in the orders for school uniforms. Because of this, the Year 1 students who were temporarily set as Course 2 students had to suffer the indignity of wearing uniforms without the school emblems. This led to an unexpected misunderstanding…… The Course 2 student system was meant to be a placeholder until they could enter the next level. They were simply students who were enrolled after the original spots were already filled. Yet, they were gradually seen as replacements. Also, the plan that called for increased students ultimately failed to provide the adequate instructors, resulting in the misinterpreted ‘replacement treatment’ eventually becoming reality. This is the true face of the Course 2 student system.

The uniforms also suffered the same fate. In order to cover up the error, no one bothered to correct the issue after the original plan was scrapped. This is the truth behind the matter. In hindsight, creating two different uniforms was a complete waste…… Since everything is done automatically until the school emblems are affixed, it would be cheaper to have one uniform design even if the measurements differ.”

Once she started, the words just wouldn’t stop.

Azusa’s sincere opinion after hearing Mayumi’s explanation changed drastically.

The deep antagonism between “Blooms” and “Weeds” that had caused numerous instances of friction actually originated from such a trivial matter.

These words definitely must be kept from Miyuki, Azusa thought — the outcome was too terrifying to imagine.

“…Please, don’t tell Miyuki-chan?”

Mayumi seemed to arrive at the same conclusion.

Azusa nodded in agreement without another word.




Miyuki was wholly unaware of the fact that she was seen as a dangerous individual by two senpais on the Student Council. She was standing in the arena and happily waiting for Mirage Bat to begin.

That was because this was the first time in the Nine Schools Competition that her brother’s time and energy were solely devoted to her.

Normally, by the time they returned home, their lives were restricted to each other.

There was limitless time for the two of them to be alone.

Yet in the dorms of the Nine Schools Competition, this was impossible.

Not that her unfulfilled desire was bursting from the seams (at least, that’s what she thought), but after spending such a long time in a suppressed state, her joy was magnified in this instance.

In the box reserved for related personnel, her brother was watching her.

And watching only her.

Somehow, she felt that she could soar into the skies without the aid of magic.

She rendered the naked, lustful gazes directed towards her uniform that left none of her curves to imagination into oblivion. There was no reason to care because all stares other than Tatsuya’s own were nothing more than trash. Turning the audience into beans — or even onions and carrots — was a widely known tactic that was rather useless to people who suffered from stage fright (anyone capable of turning people into beans wouldn’t have stage fright in the first place). Yet for Miyuki, she honestly believed that all gazes other than from Tatsuya alone were utterly meaningless.

She knew very well that her brother admired well-taught and cultured individuals regardless of gender as she adopted a truly impeccable posture.

With such an incredibly beautiful young lady falling into a dancer’s pose, many young men within the audience alternated sighs as their emotions ran rampant. At this rate, they were going to have to call for the stretchers before the match even began.

Possibly under the influence of the audience’s warm reception, despite the sheer impossibility of this, the signal for the commencement of the match did go off a few seconds early.



Miyuki’s frame lightly soared into the sky.

Every player for Mirage Bat prepared two uniforms.

One was a brightly colored uniform that could be seen beneath the brightest rays of the sun.

The other was a colorful uniform that glowed beneath the night sky.

The reason behind the designs was to prevent midair collisions between players and it became an unwritten rule based on previous experience.

The primary color that covered Miyuki was a deep magenta.

A tiny shade off and this would be a helplessly coarse color, but Miyuki wore this with an aura of nobility.

Neither did the cosmetics with UV protection take away from her elegance.

Her fair and graceful form was still developing, but when she extended her slim limbs, this painted a glorious vision of her beautifully curved bosom and slender waist, all of this combining to give off intimate charm of a blooming flower rather than a sheer animal desire.

No two ways about it, her beauty was breathtaking.

No one was going to second anyone anything as they all leaped towards the targets. Among them all, only one person could be worthy of the term “floating”.

Miyuki captured everyone’s gaze once more.

If this match was judged by the beauty of dance alone, she was unquestionably First Place.

Yet, as expected of the Official Division with its numerous aces, the Nine Schools Competition could not be underestimated.



“Someone is actually leading against Miyuki-chan…”

When the signal sounded to end the first round, Mizuki held her breath and seemed to expel out a series of “disbelieving” words.

“The player from Second High who is first place… Even if she isn’t a BS Magician, but plainly, she has refined the ‘Leaping’ spell into a specialized magic spell…”

“Not just that. She also takes her trajectory into account and neatly obstructs Miyuki’s path. Rather than calling her an expert in ‘Leaping’, she’s more like an expert in ‘Mirage Bat’, right?”

Mikihiko and Erika both shared Mizuki’s shock while they offered their own opinions.

“That’s because the player from Second High was another favored candidate to take the crown alongside Watanabe-senpai…”

“Can’t say anything about being noticed after that conspicuous display. Also, the pride of the Year 3 students is on the line.”

Honoka and Shizuku, who were in the normal audience stands today, each expressed their agreement from different perspectives.

“However, this is not the end.”

Leo’s bright declaration seemed to blow the depressed air around them to the four corners of the earth.



In the next round, Miyuki managed to make up for lost ground and exited the second round in First Place.

However, her lead was slim. Miyuki still had strength within her, but her opponent appeared to be making adjustments for the third round as well.

Victory was still uncertain.

While it has been said that magic has become more constrained due to a limited number of combinations, for someone to be able to fight Miyuki to a standstill at the high school level surprised Tatsuya to no end.

“This country is so small yet so broad at the same time…”

Tatsuya muttered to himself in front of Miyuki, who was busy regulating her breathing.

Instead of watching his sister, he directed his gaze towards Second High’s box.

…Just then, someone suddenly yanked his sleeve.

Looking down, he found Miyuki standing from her chair and watching him with eyes that shone with a brilliant glint.

“—Onii-sama, may I use that?”

Her eyes, her voice, and her slim fingers that clung to his sleeve sent the message, “I don’t want to lose”.

She wasn’t just a beautiful, adorable “doll”. Tatsuya delighted in seeing her expression that carried such a powerful will.

Her mouth naturally parted and her eyes narrowed slightly.

“…Of course. All is as you will.”

He originally prepared that as the ace in the hole for the finals.

Still, Tatsuya abandoned his original game plan and nodded his assent.



“Eh? Miyuki’s CAD has changed.”

Seeing Miyuki standing on the field of the final round, Erika was the first to notice the change.

Until now, Miyuki held her usual smartphone-shaped CAD, yet now she wore a bracelet-shaped CAD on her right wrist.

“But, she looks like she’s holding a CAD in her left hand too…”

Mikihiko also took a look. In their group of friends who were mystified by this turn of events, Honoka was the only one who nodded emphatically.

“Yes… Miyuki wanted to try that long ago…”

“That?”

Hearing Shizuku’s question, Honoka replied back with a longing expression that was mixed with frustration.

“The secret weapon Tatsuya-kun prepared only for Miyuki. A secret weapon that Tatsuya-kun devised that only Miyuki can control. This will be a shocker… Definitely! Everyone present here, without a single exception!”

What exactly is it — before Shizuku could make her inquiry, the signal sounded for the start of the third round.



The bracelet on her right wrist was only the back up. The real one was the smartphone-shaped Specialized CAD held in her left hand.

The simplistic command interface only contained the on and off buttons. Once the starting signal went off, Miyuki swiftly tapped the on switch.

A tiny Activation Sequence started spreading out.

The sequence never halted nor paused as it repeatedly began processing automatically.

Following that, Miyuki’s body started floating into the air.

The player from Second High was directly in her path.

Her trajectory would place her to Miyuki’s lower left.

Owing to her opponent’s faster rising speed, Miyuki would end up crashing into her if she continued forward.

Miyuki used her accelerated flying speed to avoid the collision.

The audience raised a clamour after Miyuki eliminated the orb and slightly turned in place as she became still in mid-air.

During her leap, she had applied additional Magic Power to accelerate again.

The gasps from the audience only reflected their cursory understanding of the basics of magic.

However, Miyuki paused briefly in the air then immediately proceeded towards the next target without landing. Once this scene was imprinted into their eyes, the cheers were shocked into silence.

Two, three, four…

The other players who had to continuously jump back and forth across the 10 meter height had no way of competing against Miyuki, who only had to move parallel to the earth.

After she had seized the fifth point, the audience’s frozen vocal cords finally started to thaw.

“Flying-Type Magic…?”

Some unidentified individual murmured aloud.

Even the players could only stare in amazement as they gaped at the skies.

With the players not even making any jumping or landing sounds, this soft grumble reverberated throughout the silent arena.

With bat in hand, Miyuki’s appearance took on that of an avenging angel of heaven, but never lost her grace and beauty.

“Taurus Silver’s…?”

The whispering started a chain reaction,

“Bullshit, how can that be…”

“That was just released last month…”

And quickly rippled through the crowd.

“But that…”

“No doubt about it, that’s Flying-Type Magic…”

Without a single exception, everyone’s eyes were glued to the young lady dancing through the skies.

In the skies, a fairy was waltzing over the lake.

Her arms spread out to maintain her balance and her lovely legs swayed lightly to change her stance as if the spring breeze itself was her dancing partner.

Actually flying through the skies was nothing short of revolutionizing modern magic, and no one was more appropriate to perform this miraculous feat said to be “impossible” than this beautiful young lady before them… Surpassing age, gender, and even the enmity, all were mesmerized by the young girl dancing through the sky.

They were all touched by this magic that simply went beyond modern or ancient magic.

By the time the ending signal sounded, this spellbinding magic wasn’t dispelled until the young lady landed before them.

—In Mirage Bat’s preliminary round, first arena, second match, Miyuki stormed into the finals by a dominating lead.




The audience finally recovered their wits when the players started leaving the arena.

The players did not depart in sequence.

At the end of the match, the players closest to the exit left first.

Miyuki, who landed in the center of the lake, was the third out of the four people to leave.

After extending a deep bow towards First High’s supporters in the stands, Miyuki lightly leaped into the air and flew across the sky towards the exit like a figure skater gliding across the ice.

Her graceful motions prompted a thunderous applause from the audience.

In the stands, numerous individuals could be seen frantically typing away on their portable messaging terminals.

Some were overly excited to the point that they sent scattered spittle as they shouted into the microphone; others had to repeatedly shout the same words over and over into the phone, yet still wound up with a headache because of the speaker on the other line; still others furiously ran their fingers through their hair as if mad while their fingers danced across the keyboard; there were others who jotted down their thoughts on erasable boards… All sorts of people used a myriad ways to convey their amazing experience to others who were not present.

Among them, one strange, expressionless man was staring at the messages from the HMD. However, no one seemed to remark on his presence.




“Number 17 has reported in. The target from the second match has passed the preliminary round.”

“…It’s the opponent who saw through Golden Electron Silkworms. This is the expected result… But things are looking grim.”

“Not just that. The target also used Flying-Type Magic!”

“Bullshit, how can that be possible!?”

“If the target is exhausted then we lucked out… Was that too optimistic?”

“I don’t think this is the time to quibble over the methods, right?”

“I agree. One hundred deaths or so would be enough. The competition would be forced to end prematurely.”

“Once the competition ends, we would have to return the original bets. While there will be some loss, that’s well within our limits.”

“Won’t our customers balk at this? Setting aside the guys from our line of work, those weapon merchants will be a hassle. Those guys maintain close relationships with various governments around the globe.”

“It doesn’t matter what excuse we give to the customers. Currently, rather than worrying about the merchants of death, we should be more concerned about the organization’s purging.”

“Exactly… Will it be OK just leaving this to Number 17?”

“People with only a modicum of ability are no match for a ‘Generator’. Unfortunately, no weapons could be brought in, but Number 17 is a high speed model. Once the limiter is removed, that thing can easily kill anywhere between 100 and 200 people with its bare hands.”

“So we are all in accord…? Then remove the limiter.”




Once the tide of enthusiasm ebbed, the man removed the CAD and slowly rose in a crowd that was slowly departing for other matches.

The exposed eyes give off an “emotionless” impression.

No, this wasn’t a blank expression, wasn’t this like he lacked emotions in the first place?

It was an utterly lifeless “expression”.

Suddenly, the man’s body started shaking.

In a flash, he activated personal Speed-Type Magic.

Before the Magicians around him could detect the charged magic aura, the man pounced towards the man who just passed by him.

His outstretched fingers plunged downwards like claws towards the unprotected back.

—Afterwards, the stage switched to the exterior of the observation deck without anyone being the wiser.



By the time that man, “Generator” Number 17, had grasped the situation, he was only three meters off the ground.

The first target he chose after receiving the kill order had managed to avoid his attack even though his back was facing him. Even if this was a full frontal assault, this reaction speed was not something mere human cognition could accomplish.

Through personal Speed-Type Magic, Magicians could surpass the physical movement limits of flesh.

Yet magical acceleration ultimately was only physical and not directly accelerating — biological reactions, signal relay for the nervous system, the brain’s processing ability — the mental processing speed itself.

Human senses surpassed physical motion, so it was possible to mentally control physical movements that have been accelerated beyond normal limits. However, the reverse was not true. In other words, Magicians were still biological organisms with upper limits. While magical acceleration had no glass ceiling in terms of magic, there was still a finite amount that the brain could command.

In that case, his accelerated movements coupled with chemically enhanced mental processing abilities shouldn’t be something that normal humans — even humans who could wield magic were ultimately mortal — should be able to handle.

Yet the reality was that his stabbing forearm was caught and used as a fulcrum to throw Number 17 into the air using his downward force as added momentum.

Just like he was doing a somersault over a horse, he went heads over heels in the air. During the instant he was upside down, a powerful force smashed Number 17 past the railing of the observation deck and sent him hurtling out of the arena.

This was Move-Type Magic that intentionally omitted the accelerated processes.

He was almost knocked unconscious by the blow and by the time he recovered his senses, he had nearly reached the end of the trajectory and was about to collide with the ground from a height of 20 meters.

Normally, this situation called for an individual to huddle into a ball or flail about in a panic as they helplessly plummeted to the earth, but this man was a “Generator”.

He was a reconstructed individual — created through a combination of surgery and magically crafted medicinal herbs, hereby eradicating free will and emotions and completely controlling all thoughts and flushing all unnecessary thoughts that might obstruct magic activation.

A biological weapon forged to wield magic in the heat of battle.

A Magician re-purposed to be a tool for using magic, a “Generator”.

Terror and panic held no meaning to tools.

Number 17 calmly — more like coldly applied Inertia Neutralization Magic.

Casting deceleration right now would be like hitting the emergency brakes, but injuries would be unavoidable. Compared to that, reducing inertia could help mitigate some of the damage caused by the severe shock upon contact. This was the result of almost instantaneous calculation.

The magical herb’s effects not only adjusted personal consciousness, emotions and perception, they also improved physical mobility. By using the elasticity within his feet as well as the muscles within his thighs and arms, he completely absorbed the shock from his fall.

“You were able to make it in time even under those conditions. You do have a few tricks up your sleeve.”

On all four limbs, Number 17 raised his face towards the source of the voice and found the man who had thrown him into the air.



“Who are you? …No, never mind. Not like you can answer anyways.”

Captain Yanagi of the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion let out a dismissive smile and peered down at Number 17, who was still crouched on the ground.

“Your physical abilities can’t be from magic alone. Are you an augmented human?”

Seeing his opponent adopt a combat stance even after being flung over the railings from the height of a medium sized building, Yanagi’s tone was laced with mockery and amazement alike.

“Yanagi-kun was the one who said there’s no need to answer. Also, the other guy probably doesn’t want to talk to a guy who also jumped from the same height but didn’t need to use his hands to cushion himself, right?”

Number 17 whirled around like a four legged carnivore.

Having appeared sometime during this exchange, Captain Sanada Shigeru of the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion stood there as if to cut off his retreat.

Despite this, if he actually chose to flee, Number 17 could still probably accomplish this with ease.

In terms of sheer speed, “Generator” Number 17 surpassed the two men from the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion.

However, the order Number 17 received was “massacre the spectators”. For a “Generator” with no emotions and thoughts, the only thing that determined his actions were orders from the organization.

In accordance with these orders, Number 17 once again pounced towards the “spectator” Yanagi.

Before Number 17 could touch him, Yanagi raised his right hand.

Even though Number 17 had the edge in speed, he chose to not avoid this hand.

Number 17 lowered his center of gravity and charged as if being led, sending his head crashing into Yanagi’s palm.

Yanagi and Number 17 passed each other by a hair.

Number 17 was flung back to his starting position without even touching a hair on Yanagi’s body.

“That was a rhetorical question. I was just talking to myself.”

Yanagi nonchalantly replied to Sanada.

“Let’s just leave it at that. However, that amazes me every time. Was that the application of ‘Revolution’ right there?”

By predicting an opponent’s application of force and combining physical techniques with magic to lure, amplify, and flip. That’s how Yanagi used his favored technique to send Number 17 flying.

“I’ve said this a lot of times, this isn’t ‘Revolution’. This is ‘Return’. ‘Revolution’ is the spell, ‘Return’ relies on internal ki. There are also a few differences in practice. Originally, my approach was nothing more than an imitation anyways. A true ‘Return’ requires no magic.”

“Well, that’s starting to infringe on the meaning of our existence. Should I inform the major?”

“…Cut the chitchat, we need to take this guy down, lend me a hand!”

“Yeah… Then, let’s have a go at it. Even though I want to say that, Fujibayashi-san already has this guy locked down with ‘Thunder Needle’.”

“…You two are on such good terms with one another!”

The sound of high heels tapping the ground accompanied Sanada’s words as the figure of Lieutenant Fujibayashi Kyouko from the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion appeared. She was wearing a skintight military uniform reserved for supporting personnel that was wholly unsuited for combat. She was literally the ideal prey, the perfect point to break through the ring of hunters.

Yet, Number 17 could only quiver and shake as he shook uncontrollably, giving no sign that he was capable of further resistance.

That was because his entire body was peppered with numerous hair-like needles and it was through there that the electric current flowed through him.

Needless to say, it was Fujibayashi’s magic that fired out the needles and released the electricity.

“Fujibayashi, your eyesight should be pretty good.”

“Rather than her eyesight, I think it’s a matter of sensitivity. Do you need me to recommend a good life counselor?”

“See, aren’t you two simply birds of a feather?”

Separated by Number 17, Yanagi and Sanada glanced at one another.

They both frowned almost simultaneously.




Completely unaware of the dangerous situation behind the scenes, Tatsuya leisurely returned to his hotel room and ate an early lunch.

After the match, while Miyuki was showering, the board requested to inspect the CAD with Flying-Type Magic installed upon it with nary a guilty look in his direction. For a brief instant, he toyed with the idea using Elder Kudou’s name to terrorize the poor fellow, but such mischievous behavior like pretending to know a higher authority to pick on the weak was a pastime unbecoming of him, so he discarded that idea and obediently handed over the CAD.

Other than that, he wasn’t party to any strange circumstances.

While he was conscious of the vast amount of stares directed towards his sister and himself, so long as the vermin posed no direct threat, the best approach was to leave them alone.

After handing the CAD over, Tatsuya opted to return to his personal area.

Even if he knew about Sanada and Yanagi’s surreptitious intervention to avoid a massacre, Tatsuya’s actions likely wouldn’t differ by much. To be blunt, even if dozens of foreign spectators were slain, Tatsuya probably couldn’t care less.

To be precise, even if a senpai from the same school was sacrificed, his emotional reaction would not surpass that of slight “regret”. Thus, it was hard to imagine he would choose to act.

Miyuki’s slightly sorrowful expression expressed that which could not be said through her voice or attitude.

Needless to say, he was in the middle of it.

Long story short, Miyuki, who was always meticulously looking after him, was currently standing before Tatsuya.

“While always being neat and tidy is one of Onii-sama’s merits, I still wish that you occasionally leave a small mess to bring out the value of looking after you.”

Today, Miyuki’s mood was buoyant. Currently, she was humming a light tune and wearing a delighted smile as she merrily wiped down the table with a cloth. This was the direct consequence of being unable to look after her brother for nearly a week.

“Miyuki, is there anything you would like me to do for you?”

There was no deeper meaning to this question after lunch. He was only doing so out of a sense of obligation.

“Something I want Onii-sama to do?”

Nevertheless, Miyuki’s eyes widened as she fell into deep contemplation with a joyous expression on her face. Seeing this unexpectedly intense reaction, Tatsuya sensed he may have made a grave error.

Miyuki tapped her fingers against her chin and tilted her head this way and that in thought until, having thought of something, she blushed furiously as she peeked up at Tatsuya’s face from the chair to his side.

“…Go ahead and tell me.”

Even though there were traces of a wry smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, Tatsuya still gently urged her on. Filled with trepidation, Miyuki opened her mouth.

“You said earlier that I should take a nap after lunch until the finals…”

“Indeed, while not absolutely critical, you should sleep for a little bit if you can. Even if you cannot fall asleep, just lying there would be fine.

Don’t tell me you don’t want to take a nap? Giving your body time to rest is integral.”

“Yes, of course I will listen to Onii-sama’s instructions… But, that…”

“Hm?”

“Um… If possible, can you stay with me… Please…”

In the end, she was highly embarrassed.

Completely red, Miyuki’s head drooped.

“…Miyuki is such a spoiled child.”

“…Can’t I? Miyuki just wants to be spoiled by Onii-sama!”

“…Of course. However, I will draw the line at singing a lullaby, OK?”

Miyuki slowly raised her eyes to Tatsuya while she used her hand to try and quell her violently beating heart.

Her pearly skin was a deep red from the gaps between her dark hair to the roots of her ears.



Despite their sibling relationship, they were still young adults in the spring of their lives, so using the same bed was totally out of the question.

Fortunately, even though the room had only one official occupant, this was originally a double room. The machinery that took up the majority of the space had been shifted to the competition grounds.

Tatsuya unfolded the bed from the wall and swiftly arranged it for Miyuki’s use. This was almost entirely automatic, so there was no need to call room service. (Given that this was no normal hotel, the question remained whether they would show up even if summoned.)

Once Miyuki dove under the covers, Tatsuya pulled up a chair and sat down beside the bed.

Miyuki shyly smiled as she watched him. In return, Tatsuya also smiled as he gently caressed his sister’s silken hair.

Less than a minute later, Miyuki was well on her way to the Garden of Hypnos.



Four hours passed after Miyuki fell asleep, but Tatsuya did not budge from the bedside. It was as if he was loyally fulfilling Miyuki’s expectations for him to remain by her side, yet Tatsuya never felt this was a trial.

Miyuki was sound asleep, her sleeping face expressing her overwhelming relief. Upon realizing that this was an expression of the complete trust she had in him, his heart grew a little warmer along with his embarrassment.

Even if they were siblings, Tatsuya and Miyuki only started living together three years ago. In other words, they became bona fide siblings only three years ago. Before that fateful summer three years ago, even if they were living under the same roof, they practically never interacted with one another. Their current proximity was something strictly forbidden by their mother just as she denied any normal sibling interaction. Still, that may have been something decided by the Yotsuba Family.

Tatsuya had no intention of sprouting any complaints on that regard. It’s not like that function remained within his mental landscape. However, lacking any childhood memories about being treated like a family member was still galling, so saying that he was displeased would be right on the mark.

The adolescent years were accompanied by impulsive anger, tears, falls, mistakes and other embarrassing memories if known by other family members. Yet for Tatsuya, who never enjoyed the luxury of these memories, Miyuki became a “beautiful girl one year younger than he was” by default. Since he was forced to see her in an impartial light from the onset, Tatsuya was well aware that she was a classy, beautiful young girl from the start.

In spite of this, the affection that sprouted forth from the depths of his heart only identified Miyuki as a young sister. The only true emotion that dwelt in the realm of his consciousness was the familial love he bore for his sister.

No memories, only affection. Occasionally, Tatsuya would ruminate that memory loss probably felt akin to this. Of course, he was also aware that he didn’t qualify for that condition.

It was an unconditional affection unfettered by memories of any sort.

Precisely because of this, Tatsuya blindly, fiercely and desperately loved Miyuki. His other emotional impulses could not be expressed through fury or hatred. Only his love for Miyuki was truly spontaneous and absolute.

Tatsuya was wholly unaware of this. It wasn’t that he forgot himself, but because this was the result of cold, hard calculations that his actions became unstoppable. Once he determined something was necessary, he wouldn’t even stop to contemplate “Is this necessary”. Even if he would weigh the cost and benefits, social norms wouldn’t even break his stride.

Tatsuya picked up the smartphone placed on the coffee table. Since Miyuki fell asleep, he once more went over the coded message that Fujibayashi sent him. Within the message, there were details concerning the truth behind the interference during Mirage Bat as well as the mass murder attempt on the spectators after the end of the second match.

For Tatsuya, this was simply unforgivable. Those who plotted Miyuki’s fall deserved to die a thousand times over.

Tatsuya stored the smartphone in his breast pocket, rose from his chair, and peered over the edge of the bed.

He softly caressed Miyuki’s hair.

Miyuki placed her hand over Tatsuya’s own.

“Miyuki?”

No response. She wasn’t awake yet.

Miyuki turned on her side and naturally slid Tatsuya’s hand onto her face.

Seeing that sleeping face flushed with happiness, Tatsuya also smiled.

Behind that smile, he made the conscious decision to defend this peaceful, sleeping face no matter what the cost.

This was not determination, but a conscious decision.




By the time the finals rolled around, the morning weather had given way to a clear night sky.

The light of the hanging moon outshone the stars’ brilliance.

For those who had to identify lit orbs from below, these were not ideal circumstances.

“How is your condition?”

“Flawless, Onii-sama. My energy is completely restored, so I would like to use Flying-Type Magic from the get go.”

“As you wish. Fly to your heart’s content!”

“Yes!”

Tatsuya gave her a thumb’s up as he watched Miyuki bound towards the competition arena.



“Miyuki-chan’s in a good mood!”

Azusa, who had entered the box as an auxiliary member, commented to Tatsuya as she watched Miyuki standing on one of the landing platforms in the lake.

Unfortunately, the player Azusa was responsible for had fallen short.

First High, Second High, Third High, Fifth High, Sixth High, and Ninth High each contributed one contestant to the finals.

No school had multiple players in the final round.

As the final women’s competition, each school was ready to give it their all.

Excluding Mari, who was still in the hospital, every heavyweight in the women’s division was present on stage.

Since Third High only advanced one player into the finals, so long as Miyuki placed within the top three, First High’s overall victory was a foregone conclusion. Even the supporters were going all out.

“Pleasantly facing a competition is a good thing. Looks like Tatsuya-kun made doubly sure of that.”

On the other side, Mayumi spoke up with a smile on her face. Her words shouldn’t have any deeper meaning, but that smile seemed to signify something that she didn’t want Tatsuya to know about.

“I hear that Miyuki-chan didn’t use the ‘Sleep Dock’. Did she get enough rest?”

At Suzune’s innocuous question, Tatsuya fought to keep his poker face.

“Five hours should be enough.”

“Really, must have been a deep sleep then. Did she sleep on a bed in the hotel?”

Tatsuya was speechless. One couldn’t help but suspect that the speaker knew all along as she intentionally made this piercing query.

“Ah, it’s starting!”

Fortunately, before the silence turned awkward, everyone’s attention was drawn towards the arena.

At this point, he should seriously give thanks for Azusa’s innocent personality.

The lightly colored uniforms were brilliantly lit up by the wavering reflections of light from the lake’s surface.

Among them, Miyuki’s choice of a uniform fashioned after the shade of sakura blossoms was particularly eye-catching, and not only because she stunned everyone by casting “Flying-Type Magic” in the preliminary round.

In the faltering light, the audience closely followed her with their eyes in fear that her figure would vanish into the shadows if they blinked.

Mirage Bat, also known as Fairy Dance.

The term “fairy” has been overused when applied to young ladies, but probably no one would claim that describing Miyuki as “fey-like” was too cliché.

The ruckus died down like the ebbing tide.

There was no need for the event personnel to wave their messages to signal the crowd to quiet.

Before everyone’s breathless gaze, the finals for Mirage Bat commenced.



When the start signal went off, six young women flew into the sky together.

They did not leap off the ground. None of them bothered to look for a landing spot.

“Flying-Type Magic!? All the other schools!?”

“As expected of the Nine Schools Competition. They figured out the Activation Sequence for Flying-Type Magic within a mere six to seven hours.”

On the heels of Azusa’s surprised shriek, Tatsuya murmured words of admiration.

That being said, Tatsuya actually wasn’t really astounded.

The board likely chose to leak the spell details to the other schools.

Probably as retaliation for Tatsuya’s assertion that the board was guilty of illegal activities.

Since the CAD was stored there, he had taken this possibility into account.

“Seems like each school is following Taurus Silver’s publicized details to the letter.”

Suzune wrinkled her brows as she watched the sky.

“……How ludicrous. This isn’t a technique that can be mastered the first time you activate this. Compared to player safety, victory seems to be more important……”

Mayumi said with a disgusted expression.

“That’s no problem at all. If they used that technique directly, even if something went sideways, the ‘safety device’ should kick in.”

Tatsuya’s voice was quite relaxed as if he was saying: “Wait and see!”



Six young ladies danced in the air.

This was a Fairy Dance befitting its name.

The audience was deeply drawn to the lines crossing in the sky as they watched, mesmerized.

However, as the audience gradually calmed, they were shocked by an unexpected wrinkle in the match.

They were all flying through the night sky.

From a magic perspective, it was difficult to tell the difference in skill with Flying-Type Magic.

Yet, the only one scoring was the player from First High.

None of her opponents could keep up with her pace.

Speed, fluidity, grace.

She turned in air, drifted parallel to the ground, dove and rose.

Before that free and lovable dancing, the others alternated between trailing behind her or simply getting out of her way.

At some point, the dancing fairies had fallen into clearly defined roles, with one leading ballerina and five supporting dancers.



Miyuki was honestly caught off guard by her competitors using Flying-Type Magic.

Well, only a little.

The Flying-Type Magic that her brother developed could only reach its full potential if it was a spell that “anyone could use”. On this point, Miyuki knew this better than anyone.

Still, something that anyone could use was inherently different from something that everyone could use in the same way.

Before the match, her brother had already warned her about the possibility of other schools also using Flying-Type Magic.

Her brother warned her with a smile on his lips.

At the time, that must have been because he had faith that no one surpassed her in terms of knowing the intricacies of this magic, Miyuki thought.

Buoyed by that faith, Miyuki danced through the skies at will.

Below her, the exhausted players fell one by one.



When the first player lost their balance and wavered in the sky, the audience shrieked in terror.

Yet, seeing the player gradually descend to the ground, the spectators breathed a sigh of relief. They just witnessed a crash landing in the preliminaries. Compared to the audience, the board was probably even more relieved.

Of course, this was because there was a “safety device” built into Flying-Type Magic.

When the influx of psions from the spell caster dipped below half, the “Variable” portion of the Activation Sequence automatically switched to a soft landing at 1/10th of gravity.

In First High’s box, Tatsuya finally relaxed as he thought, “Thank goodness they didn’t add any oddities to the program”.

He couldn’t believe that they were proving the safety values of Flying-Type Magic at the Nine Schools Competition with so many witnesses.

Might as well use this for this month’s promotional purposes. Internally, Tatsuya reveled in an evil smile. Before his eyes, another player had dropped off the stage.



In the end, two people bowed out of the first round.

These two also withdrew from the match.

During the second round, another person withdrew.

There were only three individuals in the final round.

By this stage, so long as Miyuki didn’t withdraw, First High’s overall victory was guaranteed.

The most reliable tactic was to stand somewhere and simply not do anything.

Still, within First High’s box, no one advised her to take the “reliable” route.

Currently, the score was a complete landslide.

Needless to say, it was in Miyuki’s favor.

Though the overall victory was extremely important, no one in First High felt that they needed to sacrifice personal victories either.

Supported by faith and cheers, Miyuki danced through the sky in the final round.

Even if she couldn’t see it, she could clearly feel her brother’s protective eyes on her.

Miyuki understood that so long as that existed, her wings shall not fail.

Her unpinned wings spread out and blended together with the other lights.

Soon afterwards,

Two players sucked in ragged breaths as they knelt on the landing spots in the lake.

The sole actor left in the night sky, Miyuki continued to perform the Fairy Dance.

Before her outstretched hand, the last orb vanished into oblivion.

One beat of silence.

One frame of stillness.

The bell signaling the end of the match was drowned beneath a storm of applause.





Chapter 12




First High clinched the overall victory before the final day and decided to postpone the celebration until tomorrow. (Again? Anyone who said this was promptly ignored.)

Tomorrow, the finals for the Official Division’s Monolith Code, one of the most popular draws of the Nine Schools Competition, would commence.

First High’s representatives advanced to the finals after taking first in the preliminary round. Neither the players nor the auxiliaries had the time to attend the party.

However, since there was only one event remaining, it was also true that most of the members had plenty of time on their hands.

As Miyuki powerfully contributed to First High’s overall victory with her performance in Mirage Bat, this time she was the center of the celebratory tea party held in the conference room.

Mayumi and Suzune hosted the event, with the female players making up the majority of those in attendance. That being said, it’s not like there were no boys present. The uninjured Year 1 male students were congregated in a corner and holding their cups in a dejected manner. (The Year 2 and 3 male students were busy preparing for tomorrow’s contest.)

Not only were Mikihiko and Leo present, Erika and Mizuki could be seen as well. Mayumi likely had another purpose in mind. (Erika tried her utmost to decline, but was forcibly conscripted by Miyuki.)

Yet, for some reason, there was no trace of Tatsuya.

“…So, he said not to wake him until morning?”

“Yes.”

“That’s no surprise.”

“Since he’s been quite active lately…”

As the Year 1 female students were in a group discussing a certain young man (they were Erika, Miyuki, Shizuku and Honoka), a Year 2 couple approached.

“Hm? Your brother went to bed already?”

It was Kanon and Isori.

“Indeed, he said he was quite exhausted.”

“That… would be true. And he’s injured as well.”

Hearing Miyuki’s answer, Isori nodded deeply. Once he raised his eyes and looked towards Miyuki, his eyes slightly widened.

“Hm? Isn’t this Erika?”

“Kei-senpai, have you completed the calibrations for tomorrow?”

“No, taking a breather… Though it’s more like Kanon dragged me out.”

Isori could only smile wryly at these slightly mocking words. Next to him, Kanon wore a slightly irritated expression which was not completely caused by the earlier verbal exchange. There appeared to be something deeper as well.

“…Ah, Erika knows Isori-senpai?”

“Chalk it up to family relations.”

Still, Erika didn’t hold Kanon’s mood against her, or more like intentionally pretended not to notice, as she turned to Miyuki.

“The Chiba Family is greatly indebted to the Isori Family.”

“That’s certainly not true!”

“No need to be shy, that’s just how it is, objectively.”

Seeing Isori frantically shake his head, Erika adopted a more teasing tone.

“My CAD was also developed by the Isori Family. Speaking of which, didn’t Isori-senpai make it for me?”

Speaking of which, Erika pulled out her CAD that was shaped like a retractable police baton out of nowhere.

“Well, I guess… But only the ‘Engraving’ portion.”

“You designed the Engraving spell yourself? That’s incredible…”

“Kei is a genius!”

When Mizuki expressed her sincere admiration, Kanon was so proud that she momentarily forgot her displeasure. Isori could only shyly murmur once more: “That’s definitely not true.”




By the time his absence had ceased to be a topic of conversation, Tatsuya slipped out of the hotel and advanced towards the parking garage reserved for officers on base. The other party was already there waiting for him.

“How rude, to leave a woman waiting!”

“My apologies.”

This was hardly the time and place, but since he was in the wrong — less on the gender issue, more on his tardiness — Tatsuya frankly apologized when scolded.

Maybe she was disappointed that Tatsuya didn’t offer any excuses, but Haruka didn’t complain as she gestured for Tatsuya to get in the car she was leaning against.

After Tatsuya slid into the passenger seat, Haruka sat behind the wheel.

Both the interior and exterior of the vehicle remained darkened.

Haruka didn’t bother to glance at the ignition and directly pulled out a smartphone from the storing space on the door.

Seeing this, Tatsuya also pulled out a terminal from his jacket pocket.

This was not the uniform for the auxiliaries, but a pitch black jacket with two bulges beneath the armpits, which Haruka pretended to be oblivious to.

“Just the map data is sufficient?”

“If you have the list of members, can you pass those to me as well?”

Haruka sighed. Tatsuya started sending data towards her terminal.

Seeing the display, Haruka’s eyes widened in shock.

“Is that not enough?”

“No, that’s quite enough!”

Haruka hid her expression and manipulated her own terminal.

Tatsuya skimmed over the data sent to him and said.

“Much obliged.”

Just as Tatsuya slightly nodded and was about to press the button to open the car door,

“This is insurance, isn’t it?”

Haruka asked stiffly.

“Indeed it is.”

By the time this concise answer passed to Haruka’s ears, Tatsuya’s back was already facing her.



As he watched Haruka drive the electric double-door sports car through the main exit, Tatsuya removed the gauze covering his right ear and headed towards another car. Before he could tap on the window, the car door on the passenger side automatically opened. Inside, a woman near Haruka’s age sat in the driver’s seat.

“Who was that woman?”

“Agent from Public Safety.”

Tatsuya easily revealed Haruka’s identity and smirked at Fujibayashi.

“Though she insists that her day job is that of a life counselor.”

Fujibayashi burst into laughter.

“So she’s a part-time agent.”

“I think she’s fine on the ability end. Compared to seasoned veterans, rookies fresh out the door tend to be more reliable. They usually stick to confidentiality down to the letter, so I feel safer asking them for temp work. At any rate…… Accepting side jobs is slightly unethical, but money talks and merit walks — I guess that’s just how it is.”

Hearing Tatsuya nonchalantly speak such bleak words, Fujibayashi squinted at him — her eyes remained calm.

“Sometimes, why do I get the feeling that you should be 10 years older?”

“I feel that this has nothing to do with age and everything to do with experience. After all, I’ve accumulated varied experiences of all sorts here and there.”

Emphasis placed on the term varied. Hearing this, Fujibayashi casually averted her gaze from Tatsuya.

Tatsuya didn’t anticipate any particularly special response.

He removed the connection cable from the dashboard compartment and smoothly operated the touch screen on the passenger’s seat and transferred the map data he obtained from Haruka into the navigation system.

“…I wonder if I can report this as overtime…”

“I think this certainly qualifies.”

“The labor laws hardly apply to people like us!”

Despite elastic employment becoming mainstream, some laws still stubbornly survived the times. At being prompted to retread familiar territory, Fujibayashi didn’t even bother to force a smile and merely shot Tatsuya a look and shifted the stick forward.

The commonly seen electric car employed by the masses shifted into silent run, a feature not detailed in the instruction manual, and slipped away in the darkness.




Meanwhile, the one who ordered Fujibayashi into the field was entertaining an unexpected guest.

“Please come in, sir.”

The individual in question, who was not being welcomed by the soldiers on duty but by Kazama himself, was Elder Kudou.

Back when the old man was in the service, the rule that the “Ten Master Clans shall not assume high roles in government” had not been established yet.

That was because this rule was put into effect after experiencing a series of circumstances involving Kudou himself that ultimately led to the establishment of this rule.

When he retired, Elder Kudou held the rank of major general. Kazama’s greeting was not out of respect for his status as an elder of the Ten Master Clans, but done in regards to his rank based on military protocol.

Kazama was a B-ranked Magician and also a member of the magical community that had the Ten Master Clans at the pinnacle. That being said, he identified himself as a Magician using the Ancient Magic “Ninjutsu”, so he had a rather chilly relationship with the Ten Master Clans, who were the epitome of modern magic. (Naturally, his relationship with his subordinates within the battalion was another story altogether.)

Thus — assuming this was the right way to put it — Kazama’s attitude might be respectful, but never surpassed the boundaries of being mere “formalities”.

“You’re dismissed.”

“Yes, sir!”

Kazama ordered the soldiers on duty who brought the tea out of the room and redirected his gaze to Elder Kudou.

“So what may I do for you today? Fujibayashi is in the field right now and not present.”

“I certainly don’t believe that seeing my granddaughter requires going through her superiors… It’s nothing really, I hear that it’s rare for you to come from Tsuchiura, so I came to see you.”

“I’m honored.”

Seeing Kazama use the word honored but fail to express any respectful attitude, Kudou smiled wryly.

“You still dislike the Ten Master Clans that much.”

“I’ve said that was a misunderstanding.”

“And I’ve said there’s no need to hide it. Magicians who wield Ancient Magic like you are ‘humans’ who have inherited the wisdom of the ages, unlike us, who are Magicians forged to be humanoid weapons. It’s perfectly understandable for there to be some resentment.”

Kazama’s brows furrowed when he heard the word “human” being elongated on purpose.

“…Turning ourselves into weapons is exactly the same thing the ancient Magicians did to themselves. There’s no great difference between you and I. If I do bear any resentment, that would be directed to humanity in general. I believe that this idea is something forced down the throats of children and the younger generation.”

“Hm… So you took him in?”

Kudou calmly rebutted Kazama’s fiery words.

“…Him, as in?”

“Shiba Tatsuya-kun. Isn’t he the son of Miya whom you acquired from the Yotsuba Family three years ago?”

“………”

Instead of being struck speechless, Kazama’s silence would be more aptly described as “highly irritated”.

“It’s hardly surprising that I would know about it, right? Three years ago, I was conveniently the chairman of the committee for the Ten Master Clans and currently remain a magic advisor to national defense. Also, though it was for a short period of time, both Maya and Miya were my students.”

“Then you should also know this. The Yotsuba Family has not relinquished their hold on Tatsuya. He remains a Yotsuba guardian. Only under the conditions that his role as a guardian is not compromised is Shiba Tatsuya allowed to participate in military missions. Besides guardian responsibilities, the Yotsuba Clan is not allowed to assert their precedence. That is the agreement we have with the Yotsuba Family.”

“Don’t you feel that it’s a waste?”

“What do you mean by a waste?”

Seeing Kudou lean forward and ask in a conspiring manner, Kazama feigned ignorance as he replied.

Elder Kudou did not fly into a rage and merely smirked.

“Yesterday’s match was quite entertaining. While I hear that it was the only successful example, I didn’t imagine that it would be that powerful.”

Retired Major General Kudou watched Major Kazama’s eyes like a hawk.

“Sometime in the future, he will become our country’s invaluable military asset along with the scion of the Ichijou Family. Relegating such a superb individual to a mere private bodyguard, wouldn’t you consider that to be a waste?”

“…Sir, do you wish to weaken the Yotsuba Family?”

“Since it’s you, I’ll be blunt.”

At Kazama’s question, Kudou maintained his thin smile and nodded.

“Through a series of checks and balances, we prevent the possibility of Magicians losing control of themselves. This is written within the design behind the Ten Master Clans.”

Kazama’s silence implied that, for him, Kudou’s words were all known facts.

“However, at this current progression, the Yotsuba Family will become too powerful. At Shiba Tatsuya-kun and his sister’s current growth rate, in the near future, Maya will still be around, Shiba Miyuki will become Yotsuba Miyuki with Shiba Tatsuya continuing as her guardian. In this scenario, the Yotsuba Family may become an existence that will eclipse the Ten Master Clans. Nay…”

Here, Elder Kudou paused and shook his head.

“Even in our current predicament, based on the fact that they possess unique abilities unmatched by other families and have a select but extremely powerful group of Magicians, the Yotsuba Family are already a special entity within the Ten Master Clans.”

Hearing Kudou’s words, Kazama wore a sarcastic smirk.

“That’s precisely because they loyally obeyed your directive in creating ‘Magicians who are humanoid weapons’. From a pure combat perspective, it is only natural that they are so special.”

“And therein lies the difficulty.

Just as you say, Major Kazama.

They originally existed to develop new weapons, but they are no longer like that.

Something that only exists as a weapon will someday be excluded from the world of men.”

“Sir!”

Kazama curtailed Elder Kudou’s emphatic words.

“Sir, just as you know the details on my side, so too do I know a few things on your side. I know the real reason why you are so interested in Tatsuya’s situation.”

This time, it was Kudou’s turn to fall silent.

“Thus, please allow me to make a suggestion and a correction.”

“…Please do.”

“I believe that there is no need to pity Tatsuya. He is not a docile lab rat to be pitied. Rather, he is someone who is reluctant to be viewed in that lens.”

“That’s your suggestion?”

“Indeed. Now for the correction… It’s not the near future. Tatsuya is already an invaluable asset within the military. Saying this may seem like I’m promoting my own men, but in terms of military power, Tatsuya is on an entirely different level than Ichijou.

For point defense situations, Ichijou Masaki rivals an entire armored battallion’s combat strength.

Yet, Tatsuya alone possesses the might of a strategic warhead.

His magic is restricted by several layers of limiters and is a bona fide strategic weapon.

And handing all the responsibility to him alone seems to be an overly heavy and cruel burden.”




In the car speeding towards the east, Tatsuya did not double over and sneeze repeatedly.

The electric car that Fujibayashi was driving — to be precise, Fujibayashi’s car that was being directed by the navigational system, was coursing east along the central highway and reached Yokohama before midnight.

North of Yokohama Harbor in the east side of town, a sprawling Chinatown still bordered the high rise since the end of the 21st century (despite the multiple military conflicts between Japan and China). It was here that the car carrying the two of them came to a halt.

“…We know hostile agents are crawling around over here, yet I don’t see any lock down or security checkpoints. What are the politicians thinking?”

Fujibayashi gazed at the streets in Chinatown and muttered in frustration. Next to her, Tatsuya merely shrugged.

“That’s because on the surface, this area is one of the primary headquarters for politically oppressed Chinese who fled the country.”

“That’s a blatant lie!”

“That’s why I said on the surface.”

“Everything should have a limit. While we technically won, since no treaty was formally signed, from a legal standpoint, we are still on a war footing with the Great Asian Alliance and are only in a ceasefire right now. Everyone knows that this is a nest for spy activity, but no one wants to deal with it.”

“Then again, maybe the number of ‘people’ is rising right now.”

In contrast to Fujibayashi’s nattering, Tatsuya replied in an easy manner.

Fujibayashi heard — or thought she did — something deeper in that answer and widened her eyes as she stared at Tatsuya.

“…Do you know something?”

“No, simply a wish, that’s all.”

As if signaling an end to the conversation, Tatsuya turned his back to her.

The current direction he was facing led him to the highest building in the city.

The cost for construction was staggering, but from a physical perspective, it was indeed the tallest skyscraper.

Until the middle of the century, this area was known as “Harbor View Park”. Now, with three towering skyscrapers built in the area, one could see Yokohama Harbor and the sea from there.

The building’s name was the “Yokohama Bay Tower”, which the residents affectionately shortened to “Bay Tower”. It included hotels, shopping centers, civilian offices, television stations and related facilities. The community for Magicians known as the “Japanese Magic Association” also set their eastern branch here rather than in Tokyo. (Main HQ was in Kyoto.)

Claiming that this tower was only for civilian use was a mere cover that even the citizens in the area could see through. Since this tower was in a perfect location to keep an eye on all the ships entering Tokyo Bay, this building also housed the offices for National Defense and the naval police disguised as civilian companies.

It was rumored that the Magic Association’s eastern branch was in the building so that they could join the defense if an incident occurred. — Yet regardless of whether it was Tatsuya or Fujibayashi, both knew that this was no “rumor”, but cold, hard “fact”.

“Lieutenant, thank you.”

“Looks like I really should apply for overtime.”

The time was near midnight.

Fujibayashi placed a small information terminal on an emergency exit that was normally only accessible from the inside and was not covered by security personnel. Her other hand fiddled with the CAD.

The door mechanism originally didn’t have a connection port or data jack, so Fujibayashi used a hacking program to gain access to the door by modifying the electric conductivity of the door.

Thanks to Fujibayashi’s interference, the internal surveillance systems failed to detect their presence.




On top of the highest floor in the Yokohama Grand Hotel — financed by backers out of Hong Kong and built in Chinatown in the first half of the century and had no correlation to the hotel before reconstruction — there was another floor that most customers were oblivious to where men were frantically preparing to move out of a room.

This room was originally reserved for the eastern branch of the Hong Kong-based criminal organization “No Head Dragon” and served as their operational HQ for eastern Japan.

The Hong Kong financier who ran this hotel had been compromised by No Head Dragon long ago, hence referring to this place as the operational HQ for criminal activity wasn’t so far off the mark.

Even calling this moving would be a stretch, as the only things being shifted around were account books that weren’t recorded into devices. Since these were highly classified account books that couldn’t be recorded into systems with extensive safety parameters, they couldn’t simply be handed off to minions to be packed. This was why several middle-aged (and approaching the twilight of their years) men were using silk handkerchiefs to mop away their sweat as they clumsily lugged around luggage with hands covered in jewels and rings. If an outsider was present, they would have found the scene to be exceedingly comical.

Of course, for the people in question, this was no laughing matter.

“Damn it… We’ve still got more!”

One of them stopped working and started cursing furiously.

“Speaking of which, I can’t believe the Generator was taken out without inflicting any damage…”

“That was completely unexpected. We didn’t think that Japanese special forces would shamelessly crawl out of the ground.”

“Thus forcing us to try and evacuate in the middle of the night.”

“They’re so full of themselves after just winning one battle…”

Everyone present wished to express the words hidden in their heart to help vent their anxiety.

“One day, we will avenge ourselves upon the Japanese military, but first we must get rid of that kid.”

“You’re talking about the son of a bitch who ruined our entire plan?”

“Shiba Tatsuya right? Who is this guy?”

“Well… We don’t know all the details. We could only find his name, address, school, and appearance. Forget family situation, we couldn’t even get a list of family members. Only thing we know about his parents is that they are employed, all others remain in the dark. Likewise, we have no personal data beyond normal every day trivialities.”

“The hell? This country counts as one of the countries with extensive personal databases on the international stage. Even looking at the civilian databases should yield at least some data, isn’t this extremely odd?”

“Maybe we should see this as instead of classifying personal data, anything related to ‘Shiba Tatsuya’ has been systematically erased. I can’t think of any other possibility.”

The high-ranking members at the No Head Dragon eastern Japanese branch peered at their compatriot who spoke up and wordlessly glanced at one another.

“…Maybe he’s not an ordinary high school student…?”

“If they wanted to systematically alter every personal database at the civilian level, this would require exceptional clearance at the highest level. Otherwise, they need the influence to intervene at the highest level of government.”

“Seriously, who is it…?”

They stopped packing their luggage. Suddenly, they heard muffled screams.

In the corners of the room, four men could be seen.

They were the Generators lent to the eastern Japanese branch to serve as personal defenses.

In order to protect against foreign attack, they provided four different types of magic defenses. The Generator responsible for Data Fortification on the walls was precisely the source of these screams.

The reason was blatantly obvious.

The south facing wall had a gaping hole in it.

This was not caused by a collision, incision, or even a crack in the wall. The only remnants were the steel bars and structure hanging loosely with some puffs of yellow dust and settling cement.

The screams were caused by the destruction of Data Fortification and the subsequent feedback to the caster.

Still, the painful sounds only lasted for a few seconds.

The brass swiftly noticed the cause of the screams.

No Head Dragon was not simply a criminal organization, they were a criminal organization that abused magic.

In order to rise to the upper echelon, an individual must fulfill the condition of being a Magician.

They had to manipulate and identify magic.

Hence they were able to comprehend what unfolded before their eyes.

The Eidos surrounding the Generator who let out those piteous screams — this was a Magician’s natural defense that unconsciously spread out to automatically protect oneself with Data Fortification — had been stripped away.

No, the impression was more like the armor was being evaporated.

In the next instant, the Generator’s whole body was suffused by static-like contour and started fading.

At this time, the space the Generator’s body used to occupy burst into a small flame.

Before the sprinklers could come alive, the small flame intermixed with orange, blue, and purple swiftly disappeared.

What fell to the rug was simply ashes.

The Generator’s entire body disappeared and this was all that remained.

The brass was so terrified that they forgot to scream.

They peered at one another with horrified expressions.

All of a sudden, the telephone rang.

The sound came from the hidden land line that only the brass had access to.

One of them picked up the phone with extreme trepidation.

There was no image. Only the sound came across the display monitor.

“Hello, everyone from ‘No Head Dragon’s’ eastern Japanese branch!”

The voice that came across the speaker was that of a young man — a teenager.




Tatsuya and Fujibayashi ascended to the roof of the northern building of the Yokohama Bay Tower.

Here, along with the broadcasting antenna for the television station, there was also a wireless communication device.

Fujibayashi connected her terminal to the wireless communication device and rapidly tapped the screen.

“…OK, we’re in. I’ve rerouted every wireless communication through here.”

“As expected of the ‘Electron Sorceress’. This point remains immune to imitation regardless of what I try.”

“Thanks. I would be in serious trouble if someone could imitate me so easily.”

Fujibayashi adopted a superficial smile that obviously didn’t come from the heart.

“Have we already cut the line?”

“Captain Sanada already has that end covered.”

Tatsuya pulled out the speaker attached to the information terminal with his left hand. After punching in the number Fujibayashi passed to him, he pressed the last key to enable voice communication.

He removed a pair of riding goggles from his jacket pocket.

Next, he pulled out a long-barreled CAD from his left shoulder holster.

This was a Specialized CAD shaped like an automatic pistol that was modeled after the Silver Series Long-models.

He stood before the protective railing and slightly raised his right hand.

The “muzzle” of the CAD was aimed at the Yokohama Grand Hotel far off near the bottom of the hill.

“…So that is a ‘Generator’?”

“Yes, definitely. This is the first time we’ve captured one, but it’s characteristics perfectly match the intelligence report.”

There was a solid kilometer from the top of the Yokohama Bay Tower to the Grand Hotel’s roof.

Tatsuya adopted a shooting posture with a pistol-shaped CAD, so of course there wasn’t a scope attached.

Even so, Fujibayashi never asked: “Can you see it?”

That was because she understood perfectly that, of course Tatsuya could see it.

Fujibayashi used an altogether different method of observation than Tatsuya, but even she was perfectly clear on who the Magicians and who the Generators in the room were.

“Magic tools that have been stripped of their sense of self. So this is the end that awaits all Magicians developed as humanoid weapons…”

“………”

“…I spoke too much, I apologize.”

Feeling Fujibayashi’s cold and disapproving gaze, Tatsuya hastily made amends and apologized.

Not all Magicians wished to be used as weapons, so his comment was indeed out of line.

Despite his apology, Tatsuya did not deny that he did resonate with the feeling somewhat.

There are indeed similarities between the way he and the Generators conducted their lives, Tatsuya thought.

Precisely because of this, within the remnants of the emotions left to him, the dominant emotion he felt was disgust.

They were a harmful, unpleasant existence.

Tatsuya never hesitated when destroying such a “device”.

Silver Horn Custom, “Trident”.

This was Tatsuya’s favored instrument, that which brought out the finest of his magic. Tatsuya squeezed the Trident’s trigger.

His original magic, the military secret “Decomposition” activated.

This spell broke the wall’s basic components into powder.

By creating a physical hole in the wall that served as medium, he opened a hole in the “sealed” concept that protected the room from the effect of external magic.

Tatsuya’s “view” of the interior had never been clearer.

When the activated magic was forcibly destroyed, the Generator shook from the blow.

Under normal circumstances, the Magician wouldn’t suffer from the feedback even if the magic was destroyed.

This was likely a by-product of their inability to consciously terminate or halt magic by themselves.

He coldly surveyed the scene while his attacks — killing intent did not falter.

He noticed that one of the Generators released Wide Area Interference to protect the five members of the brass while the three others adopted Wide Area Interference to defend themselves.

He squeezed the Trident’s trigger.

He set the “Wide Area Interference” from the Generator injured by the wall’s collapse, the “outer shell of the Eidos”, and “flesh” as the variables and plugged them into the Magic Sequence.

The processes for all three magics were completed in a split second with no time lag in between.

The first process decomposed the target’s protective Wide Area Interference.

The second process decomposed the target’s Data Fortification used to protect the body.

The third process decomposed the flesh down to the atomic level.

The decomposition was so complete that it was no longer recognizable as a biological entity and left no traces that this was a living being. Proteins were broken down into hydrogen, oxygen, carbon, nitrogen, and sulfur; the bones were rendered down to phosphorus, oxygen, and calcium; everything including blood, the nervous system, stored nutrients, even waste was decomposed down to the molecules and ions.

The lighter elements, with hydrogen at their head, escaped through the hole in the outer wall to the outside.

The flammable elements interacted with oxygen and burst into flames.



This scene was so surreal that it seemed like the human body spontaneously ignited.

Yet, the reality was that it had vanished rather than being consumed by the flames.

He had incorporated three consecutive Decomposition magics into one Magic Sequence and completely annihilated a Magician’s flesh and body along with its naturally occurring magic protect barrier.

“Trident… Seriously, this must be what they call having your hair stand on end…”

This was the Specialized CAD specifically customized to activate three consecutive magics.

Within the Magic Encyclopedia, the term “Trident” was allocated to another magic.

However, within the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion, “Trident” referred to this merciless triple Decomposition magic as well as the CAD that optimized the process.

Tatsuya didn’t hold Fujibayashi’s trepidation or words that slipped out of her mouth against her and merely keyed the waiting information terminal and linked to voice communication.

Once they invaded the wireless communication device, the authentication system in the dedicated line lost all meaning.

“Hello, everyone from ‘No Head Dragon’s’ eastern Japanese branch!”

Tatsuya spoke in an unnaturally cheery voice.




The executive who picked up the phone failed to hide his befuddlement as he glanced at his peers.

This was a line reserved for executive use only, as well as a direct line to the main HQ. Only a branch chief or executives from the main HQ would know of this line, as ordinary members were unable to access this line. There weren’t any teenage executives in No Head Dragon. Heck, there weren’t even twenty year old executives in the organization.

“…Who are you?”

The voice didn’t contain an interrogator’s edge. Was this because he was quaking on the inside after watching a human body disintegrate into the aether?

“Much obliged for your work at Fuji.”

The voice belonged to a teenage youth, but the tone was unmistakably adult.

“Allow me to return the favor.”

When these words fell, the Wide Area Interference protecting the brass disappeared without a trace.

Not only the man who was holding the phone, but everyone still in possession of their wits beside the magic devices glanced towards one corner on reflex.

Before their eyes, a dimly lit flame ignited and swiftly vanished.

The sprinklers reacted to the multiple heat sources and inundated the area with high pressured spray.

The Generator that should be standing there had vanished without a trace.

“Where? Number 14, where did that come from?”

One of the executives stammered his words in reverse order.

Magicians are able to detect what magic was being used and where the attack came from based on the effects of phenomenon rewriting. Normally, there would be no way that they could fail to detect where such a powerful magic that could reduce a human body down to the atomic level came from when the target was so close to them.

Even if they couldn’t accurately pinpoint the distance, they should at least be able to locate which direction the caster was in — yet this executive had completely panicked and was unable to do anything.

Compared to those who knew no fear — Generators had already lost their ability to falter, so they remained stolid in the face of their comrade’s destruction.

Number 14’s slow, plodding movement pointed towards the broken hole in the wall.

Across the street was the highest point on this street.

Another executive quickly snatched up a sniper rifle.

After raising the optical lens to his eye, he raised the magnification.

On the rooftop of the Yokohama Bay Tower, a youth was partially visible beneath the illuminating moonlight.

He raised the magnification to the max.

Even though he couldn’t see the youth’s features because of the riding goggles in the way, he could see the exposed lips smirk at him.

Seeing that twisted smirk, the man immediately screamed and fell to the floor.

His eye had been slashed by the shattered lens from the scope.

Still, the men didn’t have the leisure time to worry about their moaning comrade who clutched at his eye.

“Number 14, Number 16, kill him!”

More than one voice ordered the Generators to retaliate.

However—

“Unable to comply.”

“Not within range.”

Machines cannot accomplish the impossible.

They were designed to wield magic stably under any condition. With this in mind, Generators didn’t possess the function to use their full potential and surpass their limits.

“Don’t you dare talk back to me! Attack!”

At Number 14 and Number 16 simultaneously answering in the negative without any inflection in their voice, the executive on the ground clutching his eye spat back furiously.

The response came through the phone.

“Did you really believe I would give you the chance?”

Number 14 and Number 16 were both consumed by static.

Both of them followed their comrade to hell.

“Stop issuing orders to your tools. Why not take up the sword yourself?”

Before the words traveled over the phone, a slightly mocking laughter could be heard.

Nevertheless, the men didn’t seem to have the strength to rouse themselves to a fury.

That was a distance at which the naked eye couldn’t even make out if someone was there.

No one present had the ability to use magic against someone who was both unidentifiable and out of range.

One man sprinted for the land line.

The others frantically brought up the wireless phones within their terminals.

Yet, the land line only bleeped back a disconnected signal,

Nor were the wireless phones working either.

“Don’t bother. Right now I’m the only one you can speak with.”

The same voice traveled along the original phone.

“How is this possible? Even the wireless signal… How did he…”

“All I did was converge the electronic waves. As to how I did this, there’s no need for you to know.”

They understood perfectly well the meaning behind his words.

Still, all those words did was solidify their sense of dread.

“Now, let’s cut to the chase.”

With this diabolical declaration, the man clutching one eye was surrounded with static.

The man’s face twisted in utter despair.

His face remained twisted — as he turned into ashes.

Since the sprinklers had already inundated the room thrice with water, there was no longer any spontaneous combustion.

The men watched with frozen expressions their comrade who was denied even a funeral pyre.

One man desperately made for the exit.

Static swarmed around from behind him as his outline came apart and he vanished.

The last three remaining members of the No Head Dragon’s eastern Japanese branch finally realized that their lives were held in the palm of a demon.

They couldn’t help but arrive at this epiphany.

“Wait… Please wait a second!”

The man who served as the chief of the eastern Japanese branch seized the phone and shouted into the speaker.

“For what?”





He hadn’t actually thought his words through.

He didn’t believe his opponent was going to let him go.

No one who could eradicate men like mere numbers possessed a merciful disposition.

Still, contrary to expectations, a response came down the line.

“We, we swear to never interfere with the Nine Schools Competition again!”

“The Nine Schools Competition ends tomorrow.”

“Not just the Nine Schools Competition! We will leave the country tomorrow! We will never again step foot into this country!”

“Even if you leave, others will still come back, right?”

“No Head Dragon will abandon Japan completely! Not just eastern Japan, but western Japan as well!”

“Do you have the power to make such a promise, Douglas Huang?”

The moment the opposing side called out his name, the man’s heart almost stopped from the blow. Even so, Huang desperately kept speaking.

“I am the boss’s confidant! The boss can’t simply ignore my words!”

“In what way?”

“I once saved the boss’s life! You owe the man who saved you a favor, that is our custom!”

“So you plan to use that ‘favor’ to bargain for your life.”

Two looks shot towards Huang.

They contained the hatred and killing intent reserved for traitors.

However, Huang didn’t have the time to worry about that.

“Didn’t you plan to use that favor to win back your life from your boss?”

“No! The boss wouldn’t abandon me even if I didn’t do that!”

“So you claim you have that much influence?”

“Indeed!”

“By what do you make this claim?”

“That…”

“No Head Dragon — the headless dragon. That name does not originate from your own organization, but was applied to you by other organizations because your leader never appears before the subordinates. Even those that require personal punishment are first rendered unconscious before being taken to a private room. Quite the thorough process indeed.”

Huang was consumed by a fear that was altogether different from the terror that came from death or being disintegrated.

He knew too much about his situation.

Whose tail did he tread on this time.

“Since you have so much influence, surely you must have seen the leader?”

Regardless, he didn’t have time to contemplate this.

In order to live, he must follow the path that this demon had pointed out to him.

“I have been granted an audience.”

“What is your leader’s name?”

Huang shut his trap.

That was the deepest secret within the organization.

The terror and loyalty that have been engraved upon his soul through the passage of the years overrode the terror before his eyes.

But only for a moment.

“James!?”

Another one of his companions disappeared from this earth.

A destruction so complete that he wasn’t even permitted to die as a human being.

This reminded him of the blasphemy that their leader used to execute the damned and sent a similar chill up his spine.

“So that was James Zhu, eh. My apologies to the Interpol agents pursuing him across the globe.”

“Wait…”

“Is it your turn now, Douglas Huang?”

“Please wait! …Our boss’s name is Richard Sun!”

“And his public persona?”

“…Sun Gongming.”

“Address?”

Hong Kong’s upper class residential sector, name of the office building, frequented nightclubs, Huang held nothing back.

“…That is everything I know.”

“And my questions come to a close. Thank you very much.”

“Then, you believe me?”

“Ah, you are undoubtedly one of No Head Dragon’s leader, Richard Sun’s confidants.”

Brought to the brink of extermination, Huang’s entire body seemed to sag as his expression sang of his deliverance.

This recently revived hope,

“Gregori!”

Was swiftly crushed with the annihilation of his last remaining comrade.

“…Why!? We took no lives. We didn’t even kill anyone!”




“…We didn’t even kill anyone!”

A rather logical defense sprouted through the other side of the phone.

But that was merely the result.

They conspired to commit mass murder, but their plans were derailed by Yanagi, Sanada, and Fujibayashi.

Yet Tatsuya didn’t point this out.

“And why does that concern me?”

“What…?”

“How many you have slain or let live means nothing to me!”

Tatsuya had reached the end of his tether in playing out this lifeless performance, so he was no longer disguising his voice.

He had already obtained all the intel he wanted, so there was no need to play out this farce any longer.

“You dared to touch that which cannot be touched.

You dared to sully my scales.

For that alone you all deserve to perish!”

“…You demon!”

“You are the ones to thank for unshackling the demon, Douglas Huang. Consciousness may be the force that propels strength, but emotions take that strength one step further.”

Next to the speaker, Tatsuya lightly laughed at himself.

His laughter mixed with the evening wind and accompanied the cold words of damnation that devoured all hope.

“You have touched upon my last remaining emotion and thanks to you, I finally unleashed the ‘Power of the Demon’.”

“You say the Power of the Demon…? This magic, it cannot be, Demon Right!?”

That statement became Huang’s last words.

Huang’s voice cut off from there.

The entity that made up Douglas Huang was utterly extinguished from this world.





Chapter 13




The last day of the Nine Schools Competition dawned.

The only event slated for today was Monolith Code. The first match for the elimination round would begin at 9 AM, and the second match held at 10 AM. At 1 PM, the consolation match for Third Place would be held, followed by the final match at 2 PM.

The awards and closing ceremonies would begin at 3:30 PM, with the Nine Schools Competition officially coming to a close at 5 PM.

The competition officially ended at that time because there was still a banquet to be held at 7 PM.

Differing from the meet and greet before the opening ceremony, the banquet after the closing ceremony was the real opportunity for the schools to mingle and interact with one another.

Also, this banquet annually saw the birth of several couples in long distance relationships.

This was not only a chance for high school students to meet one another, but also an excellent opportunity to interact with famous figures in the magical community. Year 3 students especially took care to take advantage of these two areas as much as possible.

Yet, for the four schools that advanced to the elimination round, those details could wait until after the event.

None of the schools were in any hurry.

Everything that could be done had been done, so both the players and the auxiliaries were calmly waiting for the beginning of the competition.

First High’s pavilion was no exception. Centered around Katsuto, who was calmly sitting there with his eyes closed, there were plenty of anxious individuals or those struggling to contain their excitement as players and members all waited for the summons to the first match.

There were the three players, Juumonji Katsuto, Tatsumi Koutarou, and Hattori Gyoubu along with the three technicians that accompanied them. Isori was also among their number.

Off to the side, the brass could be seen centered around the Student Council members like Mayumi, Mari, Suzune, and Azusa.

Kanon headed the Year 2 and 3 players.

Those that were unable to enter the pavilion waited eagerly in the supporting stands for the players to appear.

Nonetheless, regardless of where one cast their eyes, Tatsuya’s figure remained elusive.




“Is it OK if you don’t go to support them?”

“……There’s still some time left.”

Hearing Fujibayashi’s question, Tatsuya gulped down his food and replied.

Based on his instructions last night, Tatsuya reported to Kazama’s room after breakfast.

However, the owner of the room had disappeared for some secret rendezvous in the morning. While he was waiting, he sat down and accepted Fujibayashi’s invitation to a second breakfast. —He was a developing teenager with a ravenous appetite, so sandwiches with a few sweets were nothing for him.

Within the boundaries of decorum, they chatted as they gathered up the plates. At this time, Kazama returned with Sanada and Yanagi in tow. He returned a vague salute to Tatsuya and Fujibayashi, who both stood and saluted him, before waving them to take a seat. Kazama sat directly across from Tatsuya, Yanagi took a seat next to Fujibayashi, and Sanada grabbed a chair next to Tatsuya. (Tatsuya already heard from Fujibayashi that Yamanaka had already returned to Kasumigaura Base — which had already been upgraded from station to base.)

“Good work last night.”

After briefly exchanging greetings, Kazama spoke up.

“No, I should be the one thanking you. I apologize for troubling everyone with personal business.”

“This is hardly a personal matter for you. Speaking of which, I was also attacked.”

“Also, we obtained critical combat data last night. Beeline range roughly 1200 meters. It is very rare to obtain data for long range magic that successfully sniped human targets at this range. For someone like you who excels in extreme long distance precision attacks and OTH (over the horizon) sniping, this distance may not be satisfactory, but I am very pleased with this observation data.”

Yanagi and Sanada both reassured Tatsuya when he stood up and bowed.

“Just so. Also, Internal Affairs and Public Safety were both exceptionally pleased with our gift last night. You successfully completed your mission, so don’t worry if it was a little personal.”

Accepting Tatsuya’s salute, Kazama left it at that.

“……However, is the intel surrounding the leader of a criminal organization that valuable?”

Last night, he intentionally reached out to the criminals with a mocking tone despite the fact that this behavior ran against his personality because those were Kazama’s orders.

“That’s because this is no simple criminal organization.”

“…………”

“Tatsuya-kun, how familiar are you with the ‘Sorcery Booster’?”

At Tatsuya’s wordless interrogation, Sanada opened his mouth.

“I’ve heard the name before. That is a breakthrough Magic Amplifier introduced by criminal organizations within the past few years. To be honest, I find this highly suspicious……”

“Magic Amplifiers do exist. On some level, referring to it as a ‘breakthrough Magic Amplifier’ is absolutely correct.”

“Speaking of which, is it possible to amplify magic to that degree?”

While he didn’t believe that this was the kind of situation where Sanada would discuss groundless rumors at length, Tatsuya still found it difficult to dispel the “dubious” first impression.

Even though Magic Sequences were a “signal” that included processes from the Magician that were ultimately sent to the target Eidos, they were not wholly unrelated to the amplification process.

However, the processes from the Magic Sequences shifted in the information dimension, so the signals from the Magic Sequence did not progress from the Magician to the Eidos directly.

The first question of the day…… originated from exactly where was the Magic Sequence constructed by Magicians amplified.

“This is not amplification in the classical sense. Let me think…… Allow me to put it this way, this doesn’t merely provide a blueprint for the Magic Sequence, it’s a CAD that possesses a self-restoring blueprint built into the Magic Sequence that assists in the construction process. Through this, Magic Sequences of this scale are rendered possible by surpassing a Magician’s original capacity.”

“That…… Rather than calling it a ‘Booster’, the term ‘Memory Capacitor’ may be closer to the mark.”

“Possibly.”

Maybe Tatsuya’s comment hit the nail on the head, because Sanada burst into a chain of laughter.

“……It’s hardly surprising if the terminology doesn’t match its purpose. No Head Dragon is one of the primary distributors of this Booster. This tool runs into a little trouble when procuring raw materials, since legal corporations are unable to manufacture these things. Even nations run a significant risk if this is brought to light. In reality, No Head Dragon monopolized the supply for Sorcery Boosters.”

“Then, do we need the leader’s intel to procure Sorcery Boosters?”

“Negative. We need the target’s intel in order to permanently halt the production and distribution of these Boosters.

This is not something that should exist in the world in the first place. I would never use it, nor do I want anyone in the force to do so. —Tatsuya-kun knows how the Induction Stone in the center of the CAD is produced, right?”

Induction Stones refer to the component that transforms psion waves into electric signals and vice versa. Tatsuya was bewildered at the abrupt change in conversation and nodded in assent.

“Induction Stones are created from a crystallization of neurons chemically synthesized from the molecular level. Since the differences in structure may impact the conversion ratio, the emphasis is placed on the structural composition rather than the physical characteristics of the neurons. That being said, currently there are no reports of successful developments of Induction Stones without relying on artificial materials.”

Hearing Tatsuya’s response, Sanada nodded in satisfaction.

“You are correct. However, the Booster’s core contains an Induction Stone that is not forged from artificial neurons.”

“Then what is it……”

“A human brain.”

Sanada’s answer silenced Tatsuya.

“To be precise, it’s a Magician’s brain.”

“……But when they used neurons from animals, the remaining psion particles in the brain should interfere with the user’s ability to achieve induction. This should also be true when using a human brain.”

The reason Tatsuya was struck speechless did not arise from the unethical nature of their discussion.

He was well versed in the cases at the dawn of CAD development where they conducted experiments on animals and humans.

The results from these experiments that blatantly ignored ethics, conscience, and beliefs established the technique for chemical synthesis of Induction Stones.

Nevertheless, No Head Dragon managed to overturn these conventional beliefs.

Tatsuya was astounded by this turn about.

“They are completely different from normal Induction Stones. Each Booster is specifically designed to use one type of magic, so the type of magic differs based on the specs for the Boosters. Still, scaling on some level could be achieved. Based on our estimates, remnant thoughts left over from the production process may play a role in altering the type of magic. By creating the same powerful emotions during the production process, similar Boosters can be created.”

“……Such as introducing massive pain to the brain to provoke overwhelming fear, am I correct?”

“Most likely.”

“……It’s the same concept as curses.”

“I agree. Boosters may have been born from the same basis as curses. Even though we use magic as weapons and added Magicians to the military hierarchy, our goal was to create a prototype unit rather than using Magicians as mere parts. I am a Magician as well. Along with Captain Sanada, Captain Yanagi, Lieutenant Fujibayashi, all units and personnel in the unit are basically Magicians. Generators are still tolerable, but creating and disseminating things like Boosters is absolutely unforgivable.”

“Setting aside the emotional perspective of the problem, capacity enhancers like Sorcery Boosters also pose a threat to the military. Since the North American Intelligence Agency (NAIA) shares this view, they have already reached out to Internal Affairs. Mibu extends his thanks, Tatsuya.”

Kazama supplied this final piece as the conversation drew to an end.




Once Tatsuya arrived at the spectator stands and began looking for an empty spot, a small block of ice came hurtling towards him from the front.

He frantically caught the ball of ice and, by the time he lowered his hand, his eyes caught Miyuki looking back at him.

Abandoning all pretense of not noticing her, Tatsuya obediently advanced to the front row where an empty seat waited for him.

“……Such a violent greeting.”

“That’s because Onii-sama pretended not to notice us!”

……Tatsuya had no rejoinder for that.

Well, the real reason he pretended not to notice was to avoid doing anything else that would draw attention to himself from the audience, but he clearly understood that this excuse would not fly with his sister.

Still, that reason was largely for Miyuki’s benefit. Given the expressions on the faces of their peers and upperclassmen, this was most definitely not the case for them. —Lukewarm expressions of pity would please no one.

“Oh, the players are coming.”

“You were just in time, Tatsuya-kun.”

The one who answered Tatsuya wasn’t Miyuki, but Honoka who was sitting on her other side. Miyuki was busy putting on a smiling face to dispel the lukewarm gazes sent their way. In order to make up for the lost opportunity to speak, she edged closer to Tatsuya as she sat down.

The first match of the elimination round pitted First High against Ninth, coincidentally the same line up as the Newcomers Division.

Ninth High likely hoped to avenge their defeat here. All three players displayed high morale.

In comparison, First High’s three players presented three different images.

Katsuto remained impassive, Tatsumi’s thoughts remained a mystery, while Hattori wore a serious expression as he eyed the enemy team with a challenging glint in his eyes.

Their completely normal appearance brought on an aura of reassurance.

“Compared to us, they certainly give off a relaxing feel…… Such is how people are on another level.”

“Nonsense! I never doubted that Onii-sama would triumph!”

“Your group performed admirably, Tatsuya-kun! You were all courageous and honorable in the extreme.”

Tatsuya didn’t mean anything in particular with his comment, but he was a little lost when they provoked immediate words of reassurance or encouragement.

Still, they kept their voices down since the match was about to begin in order to avoid attention, but that didn’t guarantee they would be successful all the time. That’s why they say watch what you say. Mindful of this, Tatsuya chased away these distractions from his mind and concentrated all his attention on the match.

—Shizuku staring at him with a displeased expression may also have played a small part in that.

—Unrelated to this drama, the match began.



The match took place in a Karst-like “Boulder” setting.

With the starting buzzer, Hattori emerged out of First High’s territory.

With a liberal mix of Leaping Magic, he stormed towards the enemy territory with a speed that simply couldn’t be done with pure legwork.

Ninth High’s response was extremely sluggish.

Displaying high morale counted in their favor, but First High seized the initiative.

Seeing their blazing fervor, Ninth High probably planned to launch a preemptive strike.

However, with their opponent’s unexpected charge, their delayed response was filled with doubt.

They debated over whether they should immediately take out the attacker and capture a numerical advantage.

Or, should they leave the retaliation to the defender and proceed towards the enemy territory as planned.

First High’s objective was precisely to sow the seeds of doubt in their minds.

Hattori stopped halfway between the two areas and began to release magic towards the three players from Ninth High who were still dragging their feet.

With the rising air currents, white mist formed over the heads of the players from Ninth High. The mist swiftly coalesced and fell downwards as if unable to support its own weight.

Hail formed from dry ice crashed downwards.

Convergence-Release-Move Compound Systematic Magic “Dry Blizzard”.

This was the basic form of the spell that Mayumi used during Speed Shooting.

This magic took the heat energy (latent heat) released when lowering carbon dioxide to solidifying temperature and turning solid and transformed it into the kinetic energy for dry ice pellets, so the higher the temperature, the greater the velocity. Released from the outer periphery of the defensive perimeter — boulders provided no cover from dry ice pellets released directly overhead. Since they were all wearing protective helmets, ice blocks the size of the fingertip wouldn’t cause any major injury, but multiple hits could lead to a mild concussion.

At the current rate, their inability to retaliate would lead to their demise, so one of the players from Ninth High spread out a magical protective barrier over their heads to protect them — an imaginary obstruction that would reduce the speed of the descending particles to zero.

The shield formed by that player would only reduce the speed to zero once. After the particle came to a stop in the air, gravity would once again pull it down to the earth. The dry ice Hattori created was formed from freezing the surrounding air and causing the moisture to solidify so they would fall to the earth like a drizzle on top of the players from Ninth High and the surrounding boulders. Once the misty air absorbed the released carbon dioxide, this formed a continuous layer of fog.

Due to the boulders surrounding the immediate area, it was very difficult for the fog to migrate anywhere other than Ninth High’s position.

Even though the fog wasn’t thick enough to hinder visibility, having the entire body suffused in wet, cold air was certainly going to be unpleasant. Another player started venting the air current in hopes of dispelling the side effects of Dry Blizzard.

However, Hattori had already activated his next magic.

His spell used the friction caused by slightly vibrating the dust particles in the ground to alter the electrical current in the dirt, then amplifying and releasing the charge.

While one of the Year 1 students from Eighth High also attempted the same type of magic in a similar setting, the sheer strength and practiced motion of the same spell were like night and day.

A crescent shape seeming to trace Ninth High’s magic defensive perimeter began to glow in an area that was roughly five meters wide.

Countless flashes of light intermixed with one another like a herd of small snakes swarming forward.

Regardless of whether it was the ground mixed with sand, the loosely growing grass, or even the rolling stones, anything covered by the fog of carbon dioxide became charged by the moisture.

The electric snake outside the magic defense barrier ignored the magic and dove straight for the player from Ninth High.

Compound Magic, “Slithering Thunders”.

Compound Magics are not simply magics that have multiple spells woven into one Magic Sequence. Rather, it is a combination of the effects of multiple magics where the aggregate whole provides a greater effect than the sum of its parts.

Hattori was not renowned for using exceptionally strong magic, unparalleled processing speed, or multi-casting. Instead, Hattori was an incredibly versatile Magician who could stably choose from an assortment of magic to fit any scenario; herein lay his advantage.

With so many different assortments at his disposal, Compound Magic greatly benefited from his versatility, and was a perfect method to bring out Hattori’s potential.

One of the three players from Ninth High leaped into the air to escape the electric current.

Unfortunately, the players responsible for the defensive barrier overhead and venting the air currents were half a beat slow in switching to Leaping Magic.

The electric light ensnared the players’ feet.

Even though the protective boots were insulated, the protective vest itself was not. (High insulation would hamper air permeability.)

The fog that was inundated with carbon dioxide clung to the players’ bodies.

The player who was wielding wind magic was able to quickly switch targets and sought to use the wind to blow away the moisture in order to lessen the blow. Unfortunately, his compatriot who was holding the magic defense barrier wasn’t so fortunate and suffered a direct hit from “Slithering Thunders”.

Next to the player who collapsed on the ground, his companion fell to one knee.

He gave up on his immobile leg and maintained this position to wield his CAD.

Someone cried out in pain in the air.

The player who had leaped into the air to avoid the electric attack was struck by an invisible hammer and crashed back to earth.

Tatsumi Koutarou, who used Single Systematic Magic but specialized in interference strength, had cast Speed-Type Magic on him. By instantly applying downwards gravitational pull, the opposing player immediately hit the deck.

At the same time, the player from Ninth High activated Convergence Magic.

It was unknown whether he was unaware of his companion’s predicament or whether this was as expected of a team that advanced to the elimination round.

Hattori was the target of the compressed air pellets being fired. Besides special circumstances like being underwater or in a vacuum, air existed in almost every scenario, hence its combat application was a popular choice.

Thanks to the rules limiting attack options and destructive power, Monolith Code largely favored compressed air pellet attacks.

The highly compressed air pellets that formed outside of Hattori’s defensive perimeter — shattered into pieces against an invisible wall that materialized before Hattori.

Hattori was not the cause of that.

That was Katsuto casting “Reflector” from 400 meters behind him.

This Area of Effect Magic ignored solids, fluids, and gases and created a force field that reversed motion vectors.

Compared to normal Targeting Magic, Area of Effect Magic was even more challenging.

The difficulty comes from the blurring of the lines.

The difference between changing a target’s properties and the properties of an empty space was practically nonexistent. The difficulty arises when trying to differentiate between which areas needed to be rewritten and which areas cannot be.

For targets such as walls, ceilings and railings, the partitions can be seen easily. However, trying to create a distinction in the outdoors for a special location was many times more difficult.

Still, if this was offensive magic, the difficulty can be lessened by setting targeting parameters within the Activation Sequence.

On the other hand, defensive magic was restricted in that it had to fulfill all the conditions without knowing the nature and distance of enemy attacks as well as having limits on area, volume, and shape.

Such as a shield to protect yourself.

Or a wall to defend your teammates.

By setting the Magician as the origin, a respective distance could be plotted to the target.

Generally, this was as far as one got.

However, Katsuto set Hattori as the protective target in an outdoor setting with no reference points without the need for supporting tools. He had created a perfect “Reflector” from 400 meters out.

This was an outstanding spatial awareness.

The Juumonji Family took the next step to hone their natural talents in spatial awareness. Their ability to wield multiple types of Area of Effect defensive magic has earned them the title “Stonewall”.

Hattori activated his next magic.

Against the attacks from Ninth High, he didn’t even bother to defend himself.

The construction of this Magic Sequence was wholly dependent on Katsuto’s unquestionable ability to defend him from enemy attack.

The dust on the ground took to the skies.

Sand was sent spiraling into the air by the wind.

Ten meters ahead of Hattori, the dust storm grew in strength and speed as it advanced upon the opposing player before falling upon him in fury.

Speed-Convergence Compound Magic, “Linear Sandstorm”.

With the first dust particle raised into the air as the center, this Area of Effect offensive magic constructed layers and layers of complexity around the center as it spun around.

The converging sandstorm knocked the player from Ninth High to the floor.




“That match was at an incredibly high level……”

Tatsuya used the ending signal as a BGM and said in exhilaration.

The match itself was a completely one-sided affair.

His comment on level was in regards to the magic used as well as its application.

Especially Hattori, whose skillful use of magic techniques was enough to prompt him to hope “Miyuki learns a thing or two from him”. (He didn’t say “he could learn something”, because he had arrived at the conclusion that he was incapable of imitating that level of skill.)

Tatsuya never overly underestimated Hattori. Even though he had defeated the man in a match, that was only because he seized the initiative and got under his guard. Tatsuya recognized this from a completely objective perspective.

Compared to Magic Power, his magic application was even more skillful. Tatsuya already had an inkling of this given his many opportunities to see Hattori in action.

Still, that earlier display of might honestly exceeded his expectations.

(I am still a long ways off from getting an accurate read on others……)

“Next match will be the finals.”

Utterly ignorant of Tatsuya’s mental struggles, Honoka innocently opened up.

For her, it was only natural that the Student Council Vice President boasted great skill.

The word “natural” shook Tatsuya out of his reverie.

Isn’t it only natural to not read others accurately? He was only a high school student after all.

Tatsuya’s mental status was still stuck in his persona as the Special Lieutenant from the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion from last night and it was only now that he reverted to the high school student Shiba Tatsuya.

“The finals begin at 1 PM, and it’s a little early for lunch……”

“Will you take us for a few cold drinks, Onii-sama?”

“Agreed. Ice cream would be even better.”

Hearing Miyuki’s suggestion, Shizuku swiftly assented.

He had no duties as a technician today.

Nor did he have to worry about any hindrances from any criminal organizations.

Occasionally, it wasn’t bad to indulge in the life of a high school student — Tatsuya thought and made his decision.

“I saw a concession truck earlier, would that be acceptable?”

“Yes, let’s go!”

Tatsuya tossed aside any thoughts regarding how others would see one young man leading three beautiful young ladies and led Miyuki and company to the ice cream concession area.




The finals for Monolith Code was set for the “Valley”.

In order to pass along the board’s decision, Mayumi visited the players’ resting area.

Surely a simple matter like passing the word along didn’t necessitate the Student Council President’s appearance.

In reality, if that’s all there was, Mayumi probably wouldn’t show up in person.

“Juumonji-kun, are you here?”

After speaking into the intercom near the entrance, someone immediately replied with “Right away”.

Shortly afterwards, Katsuto appeared wearing a vest and protective leggings as he used his head to raise the cloth hanging over the doorway.

“Apologies for my wardrobe.”

“Don’t worry. It’s not like you’re indecent.”

Katsuto was covered in the scent of alcohol.

And not because he was drinking.

That must be because his deodorant contained alcoholic content. He delayed coming out immediately probably to spare Mayumi the scent of sweat clinging to him. While he wasn’t a feminist of any sort, he was undeniably a gentleman. It was just like Katsuto to notice all the small details without mentioning anything aloud, Mayumi thought.

“So, what is it?”

Mayumi had set aside her official business and was busy ruminating over nonsensical things when Katsuto’s question shook her back to reality.

“The setting for the finals has been decided. Can you come with me for a minute?”

If this was all there was, one sentence would have been sufficient.

Yet, Katsuto didn’t ask “why” or “what for” as he quietly followed behind Mayumi.



Mayumi led Katsuto to the same room where she spoke with Tatsuya three days ago.

Just like three days ago, she erected a soundproof barrier and started speaking quietly with the already seated Katsuto.

“Father sent a coded missive. Apparently, this is the directive from the clan meeting.”

“Ho?”

“Looks like Juumonji-kun hasn’t received it yet, right?”

“Correct.”

Though Katsuto’s response was unexpected, but coded missives from the clan meetings generally took a considerable time alone to decipher. The Juumonji Family must have felt that even though this was the break time between matches, the captain being absent for a long period of time would rouse suspicion. That was Mayumi’s take on the situation.

Mayumi and Katsuto were on a different footing than the other members on the team.

This difference was not because they were the Student Council President and Club Group Leader, but because their social standing was inherently different.

Mayumi was a direct descendant of one of the current Ten Master Clans.

Katsuto’s standing was even more unique.

Not only was he a direct descendant, but, unlike Mayumi, he was also the heir of the Juumonji Family.

Among all the students in the Nine Schools Competition, only Masaki could stand on equal footing with Katsuto.

“Two days ago, didn’t Tatsuya-kun defeat Ichijou-kun?”

“……So what?”

Katsuto’s question wasn’t “why are you bringing this up”, but “so what”.

Nay, in reality his question was a mere formality.

“The Ten Master Clans stand at the pinnacle of this country’s Magicians.

Magicians who bear the name of the Ten Master Clans must be the strongest Magicians in the country.”

Mayumi’s voice contained an ironic tone. The ideas she was expressing were not her own, but came from her father, and by extension were the “doctrine” handed down by the clan meeting. She probably believed otherwise, but right now the clan meeting’s “doctrine” overrode her own personal philosophy.

“Even a high school game cannot allow people to suspect that the power of the Ten Master Clans is anything but absolute. That’s probably what they’re driving at.”

“But, that match can’t simply be dismissed as fun and games.”

The rebuttal was only words, but the tone was relaxed and light.

“In other words, the clan meeting asked for a match to aggrandize the might of the Ten Master Clans, did I get that right?”

“Yes…… I just don’t want to force such a ridiculous burden onto Juumonji-kun.”

“Nay…… Rather, this is a duty that naturally falls to the next heir of the Juumonji Family like myself. Sorry for causing you so much worry.”

“That’s nothing really……”

Likely due to her terrible mood, Mayumi rarely cut loose with a barrage of sincere grousing.

“Seriously, this is ludicrous…… Even if Tatsuya-kun was a side branch, so long as he had the bloodline of the Ten Master Clans, then he wouldn’t be embroiled in this third-rate farce……”

Katsuto didn’t comment on Mayumi’s complaints.

“Just leave it to me.”