Seeing from up close, her brother’s complexion wasn’t as bad as she had feared. In her relief, she continued observing his face for signs of anything awry. Watching him at this distance, Miyuki’s consciousness gradually clouded. As her mind went blank she began to forget what she was thinking and doing, as her face slowly crept closer to his.

Her heart pounding, blood rushing to her head, she couldn’t think of anything at all. Miyuki obliviously stared at her brother’s face. Breathless, she didn’t even notice that she was holding her breath. Immediately becoming aware of that situation, Tatsuya snapped open his eyes.





Tatsuya and Miyuki’s eyes met.

Time stopped. Not just Tatsuya, Miyuki also stood absolutely frozen as if paralyzed.

Both Tatsuya and Miyuki simply stared at each other, their respective expressions full of surprise.

Suddenly, no longer able to sustain her unnatural position, Miyuki fell forward.

Her face closing in on his, Miyuki’s lips rapidly approached Tatsuya’s own.

Regardless of intention, just before the two of them crossed a line which absolutely should not be crossed.

—Tatsuya’s body came back online.

“Watch out!”

Faster than his voice traveled, his hands whipped out and supported his sister’s shoulders.

“Kya!”

Unable to forcibly keep herself up, or perhaps just out of energy, Miyuki’s feet staggered and she sank to her knees onto the couch. Or rather, she sank into Tatsuya’s lap who was sitting on the couch.

The two froze again.

Once again close enough to kiss, Miyuki and Tatsuya stared at each other.

Tatsuya’s hands were wrapped firmly around Miyuki’s shoulders,

and Miyuki was straddling Tatsuya on her knees.

This time, the ice melted quicker.

Taking care their near mistake didn’t become reality, Tatsuya brought his head back to its original position.

Tatsuya’s eyes dropped from her face to her chest, then further down.

Following her brother’s gaze, Miyuki gingerly looked down at her own body. She did so “gingerly” because she was already well aware of her own state without even seeing.

Sure enough, not only was she kneeling on her brother, her legs were spread beyond the original allowance of her short pleat skirt such that her underwear was almost visible.

“I am so sorry!!”

With amazing speed Miyuki leapt off Tatsuya, then faster than the wind (yet still dignified enough as to ensure that when her feet hit the ground nothing indecent was exposed) she flew out of the living room straight upstairs.



Diving into her own room, she slammed it shut, locked it, then finally fell back against the door panting. She couldn’t muster the energy to stand. Perhaps due to the refined upbringing instilled within her she subconsciously tried to align her knees and sit up straight, but after fleeing into her room she was utterly drained and simply collapsed down to the ground.

She flattened her skirt where she sat, straightened up a bit then just spaced out for a while. Her feverish head refused to think at all. As time passed, her emergency evacuated thought processes returned little by little.

Where she was.

What she was doing.

Why she was alone in her room right now—

Miyuki immediately buried her head in her hands. Her palms felt hot. Even without looking in a mirror, Miyuki knew that her face must have been burning red.

(I, just what was I doing to Onii-sama……!)

She couldn’t even begin to understand what she was thinking at the time. All she could think of was that she must have completely lost it.

(Onii-sama and I, almost ki, ki, ki……)

Her consciousness began to overheat again, and she was forced to freeze her thoughts.

Left alone, Miyuki would likely have remained like this until morning. An infinite loop of restarting and freezing.

However, there was no way Tatsuya would leave Miyuki alone,

“Miyuki?”

“Yes!”

And at the sound of Tatsuya’s voice calling her name from the other side of the door, Miyuki responded in a panic from the floor.

She steadied herself by pressing hands that had been held against her flushed hot face onto her thighs. Her eyes were so moist that tears threatened to spill out any moment. Her arms were straightened out with such force, as were her shoulders and back, that her entire body trembled slightly. It was almost as if she was scared.

“May I come in?”

“Just wait a moment!”

Even so, within Miyuki, any thought of resisting her brother simply did not exist. She rose rapidly, defying belief that her legs had been powerless until now, and firmly unlocked the door with hands that had been trembling just a while ago.

“Please, come on in.”

Shifting sideways as she opened the door, Miyuki made a space for her brother to enter. However, Tatsuya didn’t set a foot inside.

He just watched……

Unable to meet her brother’s gaze Miyuki tried to casually look away, but she could still feel his eyes on her.

She began to heat up again.

It wasn’t a superficial heat from some childish sense of wrongdoing, but rather came from deep within her. That heat continued to rise, not her body temperature but rather perceived temperature—until finally she could bear it no longer, and turned her averted face to meet her brother’s eyes.

Miyuki looked up from a height difference of 15 cm. From that distance, the tears gathered in the corner of her eyes were plainly visible. In a hurry, Miyuki tried to raise her hands and dry herself. However, before she knew it both Tatsuya’s hands were already cradling her cheeks. Gently, he wiped the tears from her eyes.

“Well, um, how to put this.”

As Miyuki stared at him wide-eyed and lost for words, Tatsuya spoke bluntly.

“I’m sorry, I made you worry about me. I’m fine, so Miyuki, don’t be so concerned anymore.”

Saying so with a clumsy smile, he removed his hands from Miyuki’s face.

“I’ll clean up downstairs. You rest for today.”

Ordering Miyuki in a somewhat embarrassed tone, Tatsuya turned away without waiting for a reply.

Waiting until her brother’s back faded from view down the stairs, Miyuki closed the door again.

Walking unsteadily to her bed, she slowly took her clothes off, then slid under the blankets in her underwear.

Having finally made it thus far, Miyuki began frantically rolling around on the bed.

Despite appearing to be in agony all over, her face, unlike before, seemed really happy.




The short hand on the clock had already reached 12. On the next calendar day, the “National High School Magic Thesis Competition” would officially begin in Yokohama. Of course, even if that was the case, there was no sign of festivities in the streets. The Thesis Competition held significant value for magic high school students, especially for the students who had been selected as representatives, to the point that it could impact future major events, but for the average plebeian who had no connection to magic, this event was no different than the dozens of gatherings that were held annually.

On China Street, which remained one of Yokohama’s primary entertainment venues even in this age, the overwhelming majority of the stores still opened and closed at their usual times.

Among these stores, one of the larger restaurants appeared to be closed for the evening on the outside. Yet within, there was a suite that could not be seen from the exterior. Inside, two men sat there facing one another.

There were two cups on the table. Filled to the brim with matured wine, the cups were worthy of being called luxuries, but neither of the men took a sip. The young man who brought out the wine considered this to be a waste, but since the older man across from him suffered his cup to remain untouched, he could only mirror that gesture.

“Mr. Zhou, thank you for your considerable assistance.”

“You honor me, my lord.”

Chen’s words were at odds with his arrogant tone, whereas Zhou respectfully bowed from his seat with a slight smile on his face.

“I have already linked up with the fleet dispatched from the homeland. We can now proceed to our next mission.”

“It is my pleasure to be of service.”

Neither Chen nor Zhou showed any change in facial expression.

“However, there is still one unresolved issue.”

“Oh? What is this problem, Lord Chen?”

Superficially, “there was no change”, but both were surreptitiously sounding out one another.

“I’m not aware if you already know, but my assistant has run afoul of the fortunes of war and has been captured.”

Their expressions subtly changed. Chen adopted a crestfallen expression as he continued.

“This I already know. What a terrible run of luck, I can’t believe Mr. Lu would……”

With a gloomy expression, Zhou replied back in a voice filled with heartfelt concern.

“Yet, even though this misstep happened to him, he remains an absolutely integral asset of our country.”

Zhou wordlessly nodded his head, signifying his agreement to Chen’s words. —Because there was no point in making a promise now.

Zhou remained silent in order to force Chen to lower himself and beg for assistance.

“Can you lend me your aid one more time?”

Chen lowered his head and made his request, to which Zhou responded with a shocked expression followed by a smile.

“Oh, of course, my lord. Even I cannot just stand by and watch my countryman suffer.”

Zhou smiled as he rose from the table.

“Actually, two days from now, nay, should be tomorrow based on the hour, Mr. Lu will be transferred to the International Prison in Yokohama.”

A truly astounded expression made its way across Chen’s face when Zhou dropped this bombshell.

“Truly?”

“Indeed, what a heaven sent opportunity. I already have the transportation route.”

Zhou didn’t tell Chen that he pulled a few strings to change the transportation date to tomorrow morning. Still, Zhou related all the other details in his comprehensive explanation.

“In return, I wonder if my lord would consider, during the battle on the morrow, to allow this street to……”

“Of course.”

After finishing his explanation, Zhou raised his own request with some misgivings, but Chen accepted his proposal before he could even finish.

“The primary objective for tomorrow’s battle will be the Kantou branch for the Magic Association. Although combat is inevitable, I will remind my officers in the field to do their best to avoid letting the carnage spread to China Street.”

“Thank you very much!”

Zhou knew precisely what Chen meant with that careless promise as he bowed deeply.



—There was still one day until the commencement of the Thesis Competition. In regards to the oncoming storm, Tatsuya remained in the dark.





Afterword




The reason I am able to present you the 6th volume of “Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei” so quickly is all because of your support, the readers.

Therefore I would like to thank you all sincerely from the bottom of my heart.

With the point of view that it is not necessarily good to finish the story in a single volume, this time’s “Yokohama Disturbance Chapter” is therefore split into 2 volumes.

Of course, I will not be splitting it into 3 volumes, so you guys can take that load off your minds and just relax. ——Although it shouldn’t be something that is worthy of being satisfied about.

I’m sure that everyone knows already, but this light novel originally started off as a web novel, and therefore it is no surprise that most of the content is similar, though some parts have been improved, making it into the “full version” that I am presenting to you right now.

After this “full version” is released, there shouldn’t be anymore “New* full version”, “Real* full version”, “Final* full version” or even “Ultimate* full version” appearing.

——Jokes aside, due to the time constraints faced when publishing the web version, quite a bit of content was left out. However, that has been solved with the release of the light novels, and is the main priority of the publishers.

This time, volume 6 and the soon to be published volume 7 are mostly about filling up all the content that I have left out.

For example, revealing the yet to be seen true characteristics of a certain character, or the up to date being mentioned only in name person’s current activities, and also about how a certain someone in the next volume is in a certain kind of relationship with another person due to certain reasons, all these will be in the light novel.

As to what the people involved in the Thesis Competition will soon face during their unlucky and calamity filled presentation, although I have yet to solidify the scenes that will occur in my head, soon I will be able to present them to you, so please wait patiently for them.

Volume 7 will either be published next month or the month after. At the same time, when volume 7 will be out on the latest by September, the media team will also disclose data estimates to everyone.

Next, let us meet in the gloriously and magnificently battle filled “Yokohama Disturbance Chapter (II)”.



(Satou Tsutomu)





Illustrations




Cover



Teaser #1



Teaser #2



Teaser #3



Teaser #4



Teaser #5



Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter #2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 6



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 7



Chapter 7





Notes




Coulomb’s Law: or Coulomb’s inverse-square law, is a law of physics describing the electrostatic interaction between electrically charged particles. The law was first published in 1785 by French physicist Charles Augustin de Coulomb and was essential to the development of the theory of electromagnetism.



Coulomb’s inverse-square law, is a law of physics that describes force interacting between static electrically charged particles. In its scalar form the law is:

where ke is Coulomb’s constant (ke = 8.99×109 N m2 C−2), q1 and q2 are the signed magnitudes of the charges, the scalar r is the distance between the charges. The force of interaction between the charges is attractive if the charges have opposite signs and repulsive if like signed.



The law was first published in 1784 by French physicist Charles Augustin de Coulomb and was essential to the development of the theory of electromagnetism. It is analogous to Isaac Newton’s inverse-square law of universal gravitation. Coulomb’s law can be used to derive Gauss’s law, and vice versa. The law has been tested heavily, and all observations have upheld the law’s principle.





Did you enjoy the book?



Grab a copy at your local bookstore once localized in your area.




