Erika was the first one to notice.

Both of them flung their arms up on reflex.

A furious flash passed through the gaps in the arms to scour the eyes through the eyelids.

If anyone could still keep their vision through the blazing light, they would notice that Chiaki’s eyelids were painted black.

She used light screen paint disguised as mascara and eyeliner to blunt the effects of the flash bang.

Chiaki pointed her right arm at Sayaka. A spring-loaded dart came flying from her sleeve.

Erika successfully blocked the flash and managed to deflect the fusiform dart with a tree branch she grabbed somewhere.

A light purple smoke emitted from the broken dart.

The second after Erika threw the tree branch, she quickly flung away Sayaka and used her shirt sleeve to cover her mouth. Kirihara, who hadn’t entirely recovered from the flash bang’s effects, directly breathed in the spreading smoke that was rapidly turning transparent. He swayed briefly, then collapsed to the floor in a boneless heap.

(Nerve gas!?)

Erika didn’t verbalize this as she mentally clucked her tongue.

Their opponents were better prepared than they thought.

Since they were forbidden from carrying CADs on campus, personal speed buffing wasn’t going to be very efficient.

Despite their numerical advantage, the difference between weapons and no weapons was insurmountable. Under the situation where the enemy weapons remained unknown, they couldn’t strike recklessly—

—However, there was a man present who didn’t subscribe to that theory. Crouched in the grass (the result of Erika warning to get down), Leo suddenly rushed at Chiaki.

Faced with that sort of pressure, Chiaki couldn’t suppress a scream.

She frantically pointed her right arm at Leo.

Maybe the darts were a repeating model, or maybe there were other weapons prepared.

There was no way to tell at this stage.

Suddenly, Leo’s figure disappeared from Chiaki’s vision.

Chiaki stood there transfixed for a moment before her waist was subjected to a powerful impact, causing her to helplessly fall backwards and culminating in her losing consciousness when the back of her head hit the ground.

“……Did I overdo it?”

Leo had used both arms to tackle Chiaki to the ground, then rose slightly and turned his head to ask.

“Yeah. ……Speaking of which, hurry up and get up this instant. You look like you’re going to rape her.”

“Idi……! Don’t even joke about that!”

“Yes, yes, I know.”

Erika’s gaze was dead serious as she watched Leo look up at her in shock.

That gaze was the same as a professional gambler gauging the merits of a thoroughbred at the derby.




Hearing that an incident broke out, Kanon (as the Public Moral Committee Chief) hurried to the infirmary and sighed when she found an unconscious Year 1 student in bed and a pair of Year 2 students seeking treatment.

“You guys went too far……”

Hearing Sayaka’s explanations of the proceedings, Kanon sighed once more.

It wasn’t Kirihara and Sayaka’s intention to be told “going too far” by Kanon, who was prone to doing so herself, but since the person in question was unconscious due to a blow to the back of the head, they weren’t in any position to refute that.

“So what did she do? Based on your earlier words, the only thing she was doing was holding an illegal electronic device, so I don’t think she broke any laws or school rules.”

This was also an indefensible point.

On one hand, there was the earnest Sayaka and on the other hand, there was Kirihara who couldn’t come up with a defense.

Still, there was someone present who wasn’t so easily cowed by these strong words.

“Isn’t holding an illegal hacking tool enough grounds for an arrest?”

Faced with Erika’s provocative words, Kanon watched her with piercing eyes.

“……I’m saying that going overboard is the issue here. Crime and punishment need to be carefully balanced.”

“That’s nothing~, not like we caught her because she needed to be punished. I just wanted to protect a peer that’s being used by filthy adults.”

“So you protected your peer by knocking her out. She was struck in the head.”

“There’s nothing we can do if she pulls out a concealed weapon and resists. I’m not naive enough to help other people even at the cost of personal injury.”

Kanon and Erika glared furiously at one another.

Seeing this explosive situation unfold, Sayaka started to panic slightly. However, since the doctor on duty who should have interposed chose not to, she couldn’t just jump in.

“Anyways, Chief Chiyoda, we’ll leave everything to you.”

The one who interjected was Leo, who was leaning against the wall.

“Let’s go.”

“Hey, what’s with you all of a sudden?”

Erika, who was being tugged away by the collar, directed her ire towards Leo.

Still, she wasn’t glaring at him this time.

For an instant, Leo wore an irked expression, then swiftly turned around.

“Everything afterwards is a job for the Public Moral Committee members. I don’t care how you guys take care of it, I can only try to prevent any problems from spilling over to Tatsuya, Mizuki, and Mikihiko.”

“Just wait a second!”

Erika shouted as she chased after the departing Leo as she too left from the infirmary.



After the sounds of the noisy Year 1 students (which included a particularly irksome Year 1 student) faded, Kanon finally calmed down.

She once again studied the face of the Year 1 student lying on the bed. Even though the face poked something in Kanon’s memory, she was still unconscious and unable to verify any of her suspicions. Just like that, Kanon turned to the doctor.

“Sensei, what is this child’s status?”

Hearing Kanon’s question, Dr. Yasuyado Satomi smiled gently.

“Don’t worry. There are no abnormalities in the brain or skull. She’ll wake up in time.”

Yasuyado was a doctor with unique abilities who could see the abnormalities within the body through physical radiation. She could make a more accurate diagnosis than high tech equipment at normal hospitals by simply looking at the subject.

If she said there was no problem, then it was safe to relax.

“Sorry for bothering you, but could you please let me know when this child regains consciousness.”

“Of course? Ah, but don’t complain if this child runs away, OK? I have no combat ability whatsoever.”

Seeing Yasuyado’s half joking answer, Kanon smiled and nodded.

“Sensei surely wouldn’t allow an injured student to just run around.”

And so, Kanon led Sayaka and Kirihara, who had already finished treatment, and departed from the infirmary.




Kanon was both the Chief of the Public Moral Committee and Isori’s guard at the same time.

Since the Thesis Competition adopted a format where one principal was guarded by several bodyguards, Isori’s guards also included another Year 2 male student besides Kanon, but Kanon showed no signs of allowing anyone else in.

Hence her goal was to return to the courtyard where the experiment was ongoing while she waited for the Year 1 student, whose testimony they required, to wake up.

There, she found the same irksome Year 1 student — in other words, Erika — embroiled in another incident. A dark faced young man was reminding Erika to pay attention, whereas Erika was heedlessly whistling with a carefree attitude.

Despite the oncoming headache, she couldn’t pretend to not see this either, so Kanon called a nearby Committee member to verify what happened.

“So, Shiba-kun, what the heck happened here?”

While Tatsuya was one of Kanon’s subordinates in the Public Moral Committee, currently he served as one of the team representatives in charge of the experiment.

Whether she was a bodyguard or not, Kanon shouldn’t have suddenly asked a question of Tatsuya, who was busily typing away at the keyboard, but Kanon didn’t realize that right now.

As expected, Miyuki arched a fine eyebrow from her position behind Tatsuya, but Tatsuya didn’t display a troubled expression and merely halted the scrolling frames and turned his head around.

“Erika and Leo loitering around seems to have incurred Sekimoto-senpai’s displeasure.”

After hearing this and verifying the situation once more, she found that indeed more disapproving gazes were sent towards Sekimoto rather than Erika.

Completely fed up, Kanon approached the bickering duo.

“……Sekimoto-senpai, what’s the matter?”

Public Moral Committee members didn’t have a term of office, so they kept their positions unless they personally resigned. Using the changing of the guard in the Student Council as a reason, both Mari and Tatsumi had handed in their resignations while Sekimoto remained with the committee.

Currently, he was the only Year 3 student in the Public Moral Committee.

“Chiyoda…… No, it’s nothing in particular. They’re neither Public Moral Committee members nor helpers sent by clubs and simply loitering around, so I want them to make sure not to obstruct the bodyguards.”

Even though this wasn’t her personality, Kanon really wanted to hug her head and heave a long sigh. Why was this senpai rocking the surface like this, those were her unadulterated feelings.

“……In preparation for next year or even the year after, there is no reason to prevent Year 1 students from learning from this experience. If they are causing problems for the guards, we as the guards will make sure to take note of that. Sekimoto-senpai, since you haven’t been selected as one of the substitute guards this year, please leave this area to us.”

At Kanon’s words, Sekimoto’s eyes sharpened, but Kanon never gave him a chance to respond and turned over to Erika.

“Can you two leave now? From another perspective, your earlier actions could be constituted as violence from four people against one person.”

Seeing Kanon trying to use the earlier incident to keep this one under wraps at an early stage, Erika smirked coldly.

Realizing that she was scrambling for a reason, Kanon felt the blood rush to her head at Erika’s smile.

Still, the situation would only worsen if she cut loose right now.

Before Kanon, who was clenching her teeth, Erika frankly turned around.

“I guess it’s about time to go. Tatsuya-kun, Miyuki, see you tomorrow.”

“……I should go too. See ya, Tatsuya.”

Seeing both Year 1 students obediently depart, Kanon let out a sigh of relief.

At this time, her terminal vibrated to let her know a new message had arrived.

After examining the contents, she completely ignored what Sekimoto was about to say and doubled back to the infirmary.

“Ah, Kanon, wait up.”

Isori, who was currently collecting the data results into an information terminal, frantically chased after her. Although this was plainly abandoning his duties for the experiment, no one present could fault him for that.



Sekimoto peered with interest at the terminal monitor that Isori abandoned. Yet, a hand reached over from the side and pressed the power switch for the monitor.

“Ichihara.”

“And here I thought Sekimoto-kun had little interest in practical research.”

Facing Sekimoto’s angry expression, Suzune replied with a cold poker face.

“……I always believed that it was important to emphasize the basic theories such as Cardinal Codes and spell improvement, which is not to say I’m not interested in practical skills.”

“I never intended to slight the basic theories. I feel that in order to reduce the risk accompanying practical use, careful validation of the basic theories is far more important than theoretical research.”

“Validation and research is fundamentally different. Research is creation itself. Validation will not push the envelope.”

“Research that has no meaning to humanity has no value. Only theories that are of practical use can be called theories.”

“Even if they appear to be pointless, researching basic theories will undoubtedly lead to incredible results.”

“There is no point in rejecting the small advancements of today to look at the fruits of tomorrow. The future is built on the foundation forged by incremental, practical advances.”

Seeing the two of them that were outwardly calm, but actually extremely stubborn as they continued to bicker, Tatsuya suddenly remembered something from the other side of the screen.

He seemed to recall a rumor that Sekimoto didn’t place fourth in the school’s internal assessment for the Thesis Competition, but second place right behind Suzune. At the time, he felt that Suzune plainly rejected him out of a sense of enmity.

Back then, he was confounded as to why Suzune resolutely refused to allow Sekimoto to join the Thesis Competition, but seeing the two of them going at it like this solved that mystery. In Tatsuya’s eyes, Sekimoto seemed to be the more combative one, as if Sekimoto himself believed that he should be the representative for the Thesis Competition.

Being overly proud frequently caused one to lose their senses. Currently, it looked like they couldn’t suavely persuade Sekimoto. At the current rate, they would never finish in time. Next time, he might even take direct action. Still, that didn’t guarantee that this action would be peaceful or even legal.



— Hopefully, nothing troublesome would ensue —

Although Tatsuya had a strong premonition that such a wish would never happen, he still earnestly desired that such a thing would never come to pass.




After leaving the school gates, Leo silently followed behind Erika.

Even so, he didn’t intend to walk home with her.

There was only one route from the school to the bus station.

It was only he had no pressing business that forced him to move ahead of her.

Leo believed that Erika was the same way.

It was pure coincidence that they were walking in the same direction at the same pace.

“Leo.”

Hence he came to a surprised stop when she called out his name.

Erika also halted her footsteps.

“Do you have some time today?”

For a moment, Leo was unable to comprehend the meaning behind those words as he stood there in blank surprise.

At this, Erika suddenly whirled around.

Owing to her physical action, her skirt was raised slightly, but Leo’s eyes were glued to Erika’s own.

There was no trace of innocence.

There was no trace of mischievousness.

That was a steely gaze that would have cut him in two whenever she pleased.

“Do you have time or not?”

Erika asked once more in a cursory manner.

Finally, Leo removed his shackles.

“……I have nothing important.”

“Then spare some time for me.”

Turning around once again, Erika slowly plodded forward.

On the other hand, Leo adopted the same pace and silently followed behind.

They looked to be the same as before.

But now, the meaning was entirely different.




The moment Kanon entered the infirmary, Doctor Yasuyado sent her an amiable greeting. However, when she saw Chiaki tied down to the bed, that “amiable” impression fled from Kanon’s brain.

“Sensei…… I thought ‘you had no combat ability’?”

This wasn’t the first time she unconsciously asked a question regarding something she simply didn’t understand.

“Oh, you. This is ‘nursing’, not ‘combat’, OK?”

“…………” “…………”

Kanon was not the only one who silently exchanged a gaze with someone else, nor was she the only one to resist a retort.

“Then…… I would like to ask that child a few questions, so can you please let her go and allow her to sit down?”

“Sure.”

As if expressing she knew when to change the topic, Yasuyado smiled pleasantly and released Chiaki. —What would have happened if the conversation kept going, Kanon thought with a chill.

In order to dispel that notion, Kanon gently shook her head and redirected her gaze to Chiaki.

“You OK from two days ago?”

Hearing Kanon ask, Chiaki’s eyes widened in shock and she hurriedly tried to hide this by ducking her head. She had only just realized that Kanon was the one chasing her two days ago in front of the station.

“Regardless of whether it was the day before or today, you were really pushing it. Any mistake would have led to a serious injury.”

Kanon’s words were kind and gentle rather than scolding.

“Still, I can’t just stand by and watch things advance to the next level. Precisely because nothing has happened yet, I had to stop you now.”

This was the farthest Kanon could step back. As the Chief of the Public Moral Committee, it was because of this position that she felt that there was a special duty towards reclaiming underclassmen. If not for that, based on her personality, she would have long since forgotten this.

“According to what you said to Mibu earlier, your words were that you didn’t want to receive anything. So why did you want to steal the research data?”

Even though she was personally searching for the most appropriate words, her opponent was not moved by this.

“……My goal wasn’t to steal the research data. I just wanted to change the activation systems for the magic device used for the demonstration so that it wouldn’t function. I borrowed the password decoder for this purpose.”

“So you wanted our school’s demonstration to fail?”

Kanon barely managed to suppress her emotions, but beneath her concerned expression, the flames of fury were building. She dared to choose Isori’s performance stage — Kanon’s primary motivation — to tamper with. She looked to be especially patient today.

“No! I never wanted it to be just a simple failure! ……Even though I don’t want to admit it, that guy could probably repair this kind of damage. That man has that kind of ability. But if he noticed that the device was inoperable just before the match began, surely he would panic. All I wanted was for him to stew over this for a few nights. I just wanted to see his troubled expression!”

“Doesn’t that constitute as harassment? ……Fortunately nothing happened, otherwise you might face expulsion.”

“That doesn’t matter! As long as I can totally surprise that guy! Because I refuse to allow that guy to have things go his way……!”

Chiaki screamed as she started sobbing on the bed.

Kanon helplessly glanced towards Isori.

Isori nodded at Kanon from his position near the bed where he was listening to the conversation and sat on the stool near the bedside.

“Hirakawa Chiaki-san…… You are Hirakawa Koharu-senpai’s younger sister, right?”

Her head bowed in tears, Chiaki’s shoulders shook from an altogether different reason.

As a member of the Technician Team for the Nine Schools Competition, Isori once met Koharu when serving on the same team.

“You believe it’s Shiba-kun’s fault that your older sister turned out that way?”

Isori had been present during the incident and knew the real reason why Koharu withdrew from school, so he immediately knew who Chiaki was referring to with “that guy”, “that man”.

“……What other reason could there be……”

Hearing Isori’s question, Chiaki spoke in a low voice like a curse.

“That guy didn’t protect Kobayakawa-senpai from her accident. Precisely because that man sat there and watched Kobayakawa-senpai fall, my sister had to bear the responsibility……!”

Isori wanted to put a hand on Chiaki’s shoulder, but Chiaki violently shook him off.

Looking at his rejected hand, Isori replied with a bitter voice.

“If that incident was Shiba-kun’s responsibility, then I share the blame as well. I did not detect that trap, so including me, the entire team would be to blame and not just Shiba-kun alone.”

Isori did not say this to defend Tatsuya. During the Mirage Bat event for the Nine Schools Competition, Year 3 student Kobayakawa suffered an accident and still hadn’t recovered her ability to use magic. On this point, Isori felt especially guilty for being one of the Technicians present at the time.

“Don’t be ridiculous……”

However, Chiaki kept her head bowed as she ridiculed Isori.

Kanon sprang to her feet, but Isori raised a hand to stop her.

“Even my sister didn’t know, so it’s not Isori-senpai’s fault that he didn’t know. But that guy has the ability to detect this. ‘That man’ said so. But that guy wouldn’t lift a finger to help if it does not pertain to himself or his sister!”

This time, Kanon turned a confused expression towards Isori, who mirrored the expression. The two of them were completely unable to comprehend Chiaki’s words and attitude. Based on her words, Chiaki was almost praising Tatsuya’s ability, almost to the point of adoration or obsession. The two of them were so befuddled that the two of them didn’t even notice the words “That man” in her words.

“Even though he can do anything he chooses to do nothing…… That must be it, he must be laughing at the fallacy of others.”

Seeing Kanon’s eyes that hesitated to speak up, Isori wordlessly shook his head in reply. Isori more or less got Chiaki’s meaning. When betrayed by someone whom one had complete faith in, human beings would develop a deeper hatred towards them than to their enemies. Especially like this sort of blind faith.

“In reality, he must be able to freely wield magic, but intentionally tanked his scores to be a Course 2 student, so he could trample the pride of Course 1 and 2 students and ridicule them. That must be it! That guy is just like that!”

“Yes, yes, that’s enough.”

Kanon and Isori were both struck speechless by these hateful and delusional accusations when a completely carefree voice covered Chiaki’s speech.

“I said that’s enough. Chiyoda, let’s continue tomorrow.”

“Yasuyoda-sensei……”

“She’ll spend the night at the university hospital. I’ll explain to the parents, so you two can go home. There’s not much time left today, right?”

Kanon wanted to say something in regards to Yasuyoda’s suggestion, but Isori stopped her in time. Instead, the two of them left the infirmary.




In the twin seat bus compartment, Leo sat next to Erika.

The feeling of sitting in such a cramped situation next to a female peer, even someone like Leo who favored food over female company and action over stillness, wasn’t entirely immune to this.

Even knowing the other person was Erika, he still felt a little uncomfortable.

No, he was uncomfortable precisely because this was Erika.

Objectively speaking, Erika was also a rare beauty. Maybe it was her natural figure or the result of martial training, but her rough sitting posture with one elbow braced on the window sill had a beauty all of its own.

Additionally, he could smell the faint, sweet smell unique to young maidens that came wafting over.

She was sitting right there looking outwards, but he couldn’t just ignore her, so Leo found his gaze periodically drifting back to Erika.

Leo was starting to regret climbing on board without asking for the destination.

Fortunately, this awkward silence didn’t last for much longer.

“……Don’t you think it’s too simple?”

“What do you mean?”

Leo privately sighed in relief when he was able to respond normally to this sudden question.

“Yesterday, we received intel from an unidentified foreigner claiming we were infiltrated by spies. Today, we found a student holding spying equipment. A student engaged in blatant, clumsy antics that just screamed ‘come and find me’.”

“Clumsy…… I think we spent a lot of time and effort.”

“Idiot. We spent that catching her. Normally speaking, she was simply too reckless walking around with that kind of hacking tool in broad daylight.”

“She is an amateur after all.”

“Really……”

In regards to the words Leo spoke without thinking through, Erika vaguely nodded her head but didn’t look entirely convinced.

“So what is it.”

Leo finally noticed that Erika’s strangely obsessive attitude wasn’t something that could simply be treated as a joke.

“It’s not over yet…… That child is only the sacrificial pawn.”

“So she was a decoy to put us off our guard while the real culprit is someone else?”

This time, silence was assent.

“……Then, you wanted me to come along so I could hunt down the real culprit like a detective?”

“That’s ludicrous.”

After throwing out these shocking words, Erika finally returned to her usual self, which was why Leo relaxed rather than becoming angry. If they were to continue as they were in this cramped compartment, Leo would undoubtedly suffer a mental breakdown.

“I never had that kind of expectation for your cognitive ability.”

“What did you say?”

Regardless, he wasn’t going to just endure those rude words.

“Neither of us are think tanks. Leave that kind of stuff to Tatsuya.”

But she was even referring to herself as the “knucklehead”, so there was no rejoinder for that.

“Compared to things we’re not suited for, there are other missions that we’re more suitable for.”

They both thought of it with a “Ping!” as both of them appeared to have the same logic pattern. —No matter how much they wanted to deny it.

“Bodyguards, eh.”

—Since their opponents have already taken aim at the Thesis Competition, there’s no need to chase after them. When the competition is about to take place, their opponents will naturally reveal themselves.

“Rather than playing defense, this is more like counterattacking.”

—We just have to wait for an opportunity.

“Terrifying woman…… You’re using Tatsuya as bait.”

—So long as nothing major happens.

“Tatsuya can’t be killed even if they tried.”

—No matter what they try, Tatsuya won’t go down that easily.

“Hah, that’s true.”

—We just have to focus on catching the spies.

Leo and Erika reached an accord through the unspoken words between the lines.

Evil laughter emitted from the cramped compartment.

If Tatsuya heard this he would undoubtedly cut off all relations with them, but fortunately the man of the hour wasn’t present.

Still, the laughter quickly faded.

“However, there’s still something missing.”

In an instant, Erika’s expression grew solemn as she spoke.

“Something missing?”

Noticing the serious nature of the topic, Leo honestly parroted back.

“Leo, you’re first class material for infantry. If equipped with a short spear or blade in combat, you may surpass even Hattori-senpai and Kirihara-senpai.”

Rather than being pleased by such high praise, Leo was more shocked or even flabbergasted.

“You possess superior innate quality, so you would probably triumph in close quarters combat within sight range.”

Yet, there was only a few seconds paused for consideration.

“……Then? Since you said innate qualities, then you must be talking about ability now.”

At Leo’s piercing answer, Erika nodded without betraying a hint of surprise.

“I said there’s something missing, right? You lack the ability to take out your opponent in one blow.”

“An ability to take out my opponent?”

“Attacks that can knock out an opponent in one attack, also known as finishing blows. A technique that will definitely defeat an opponent and which your enemy fears above all others. A technique that gives you a decisive advantage even if you don’t use it. Currently, you don’t have one.”

“……Do you?”

“Of course. I have a secret sword technique that does not rely on specific tools and can be used to take out an opponent so long as I still have my hands.”

“Eh~……”

“You don’t have a technique that can definitely kill your opponent, right? The ‘Mini-Communicator’ Tatsuya made could be turned into a lethal weapon after a few modifications, but even then that’s not a finishing blow.”

The vehicle turned into a slow lane, which meant they were approaching their destination.

“……That’s true. I don’t have the ability to kill my opponent outright.”

During the incident in April, Leo was only providing support in the back and didn’t actually clash with Blanche’s members. He didn’t have Kirihara and Erika’s experiences in violently rending flesh and bone.

“Do you have the will to learn such a technique?”

Erika’s firm gaze seemed to see right through Leo.

“Do you have the resolution to stain your hands with human blood? This time, our enemy will be just like that. If we don’t have to do anything, then all is well and good. Regardless of whether it’s the teachers or our senpais, even Tatsuya would be on hand to take care of this. If you don’t plan on being a bystander and want to partake in the danger, then you need to be ready to kill our enemy.”

“What a ridiculous question.”

Leo didn’t even attempt to avoid Erika’s gaze and gave a simple, concise answer.

The vehicle decelerated and slid to a stop at the bus station.

Erika opened the doors and stepped onto the platform.

Next came Leo, only to be greeted by the scent of the tides.

Kanagawa is very close to the sea, Leo thought before he could verify the station name.

Before him, Erika came to halt and turned around.

“Then, allow me to teach you.”

Behind her, the sun’s rays passed over Erika’s shoulders.

“Secret Technique - Usuba Kagerou…… I guarantee that this will fit you perfectly.”

Erika declared.




The sun had already set on the road home leading to the bus station that was illuminated by streetlights.

Today, instead of Leo and Erika, it was Kanon and Isori who walked with them.

“……So that’s the motive.”

After hearing the details from the hesitant Kanon, Tatsuya nodded in comprehension.

“What is that! That’s completely trampling over your good intentions!”

“Strictly speaking, she was projecting her rage onto you?”

Next to the enraged Honoka was Shizuku, who was tilting her head in confusion. For the two of them, Chiaki’s words were utterly nonsensical.

“She couldn’t live with herself if she didn’t do that……”

“She must dearly love her sister…… Even though I cannot condone what Hirakawa-san did, I can somewhat understand her feelings.”

On the other hand, Mikihiko and Mizuki responded with almost compassionate words.

Tatsuya observed the interesting dichotomy between the opinions from the Course 1 and 2 students, but naturally he couldn’t let anyone know he found this fascinating.

“Even if that’s the case, there shouldn’t be a problem if we just let her be, right?”

Tatsuya’s words weren’t directed at this particular incident, but what to do afterwards.

Hearing Tatsuya’s opinion, Kanon and Isori both nodded.

“Even though you were the target?”

Kanon’s question was intermixed with concern and amazement.

For some reason, Tatsuya looked apologetic as he shook his head.

“Correct…… Everyone was pulled into this because I was the target. Still, this won’t constitute a problem since my safeguards can’t be broken by the password decoder’s brute force methods.”

“No, I’m not talking about the operational safety of the device since I also asked the Technical Research Club to look it over, so I’m not worried on that account…… But once they know they can’t break through, they’ll take more desperate options. Since Hirakawa-senpai is the root cause, if she can persuade her sister then I think that would be for the best……”

With his brows knit — most people would be struck speechless at this (charming?) expression that mushroomed needless worries — Isori provided the most effective countermeasure, but Tatsuya still shook his head.

“Let’s end Hirakawa-senpai’s involvement right here. Even though they are siblings, she has no direct connection or responsibility for what occurred.”

Strictly speaking, the older Hirakawa wasn’t entirely unrelated to the reason why her sister went off the deep end.

That’s why Isori was so moved by Tatsuya’s words to “let the issue drop”.

“Eh~, so you are a gentle person.”

This wasn’t a joke on Kanon’s part. She was sincerely astonished.

Seeing the slightly miffed Miyuki duck off where the upperclassmen couldn’t see her without a word, Tatsuya shook his head for the third time.

“I just feel that this could become even more troublesome. Also, our recent lurkers are not restricted to only the younger sister of the Hirakawa siblings.”

Although they didn’t detect any suspicious individuals, Isori and Mikihiko both felt a slight energy fluctuation — an unexpected psion wave.

“……Shouldn’t you take bodyguards after all?”

He wasn’t shaking because of the dilation in the air but because Isori’s face let slip his faltering, which gave proof to the fact that Tatsuya’s hint wasn’t directed to the obtuse Kanon, as he asked back.

“There’s no use. Without someone with Saegusa-senpai’s sensory abilities, it will be very difficult to catch the one shadowing us.”

Tatsuya shook his head for the fourth time to subtly hint that there was no one they could call on for assistance.




In a certain Japanese restaurant located in the Shinagawa District that was neither in the city outskirts nor a high class restaurant in Yokohama, a certain man in his forties and a youth in his mid-twenties met up with another young man in his early twenties.

“My apologies, have you been waiting long?”

The young man seemed to have just arrived. Based on his earlier words, he appeared to be quite embarrassed. Even so, there was no sign he was kowtowing to his guests and was more like a dignified heir of a well-to-do family exchanging polite greetings.

“Ah, no, we’ve just arrived as well.”

The older man replied back. Regardless of whether his words were appropriate, his attitude was arrogant in the extreme. Even if this wasn’t entirely coarse, this would still qualify as incredibly rude, but the man in question would have taken any accusations of boorishness or impetuosity in stride. Just like that, the last and highly capable young man in his mid twenties also sat down without a word.

“Let’s keep this short, Mr. Zhou.”

The older man spoke to the younger man.

“Is that young lady reliable?”

“I can perfectly understand Master Chen’s concerns.”

Zhou smoothly defused the man’s forceful question.

“However, that girl is entirely ignorant of us, so there’s no danger of any leaks.”

“Oh?”

At Zhou’s unexpectedly confident answer, Chen watched him with judicious eyes.

“In that case, then that collaborator did quite well.”

“That’s the age when they are ruled by passion. They are in a sensitive phase where they wish to display their own value, so in order to make themselves more conspicuous, they rather tell others than be told and wish others to understand them rather than the other way around.”

And that was why they taught her this and that, but Zhou didn’t mention this as he smiled thinly with a hint of self loathing in his expression. However, his voice never gave a hint of this.

“Since Mr. Zhou said so, then there shouldn’t be any problems. Still, I’m still concerned that something should happen on the off chance.”

“I understand. I will personally examine the situation soon.”

Zhou respectfully bowed, an attitude that pleased Chen very much. Following that, Chen pressed the ringtone button to make his order.

Zhou had long since noticed the sharp gaze from the young man to his side, Lu Gonghu, but the only thing that appeared on his face was a slight smile while his countenance never slipped for a moment.





Chapter 6




During lunch break, the student cafeteria at magic high school differed a little from a normal high school or even a middle school (which may be because institutions for upper class education for children were all the same).

It was filled with disorderly chaos and noise.

Yet, there was a pocket of order within this chaos.

The area around the entrance of the cafeteria suddenly stilled, an atmosphere centered entirely around one person.

In the open student cafeteria, the one who possessed the ability to influence the atmosphere of a single area — or the ability to dominate — was none other than Miyuki, who was putting her beauty on display more often these days.

Completely heedless of the gazes tossed her way by those she passed by, Miyuki directly advanced towards the table where Tatsuya was waiting.

“Onii-sama, I apologize for making you wait so long.”

Tatsuya smiled and waved his hand at Miyuki’s impeccable etiquette. Behind Miyuki, Honoka nervously dipped her head in greeting while Shizuku gave an imperceptible nod that would easily have been missed if he hadn’t been paying attention.

Tatsuya’s group would get the table first, followed by Miyuki’s group meeting up with them. This format wasn’t something decided ahead of time, as the reverse was also a frequent occurrence at a roughly 6:4 ratio.

However, Miyuki almost never failed to join Tatsuya wherever he was.

“Ah, Miyuki. You’re here.”

“Yes, we just arrived, Mizuki.”

As if on cue, Mizuki and Mikihiko returned with their meals.

“Then, I’ll go get mine.”

Switching places with Mizuki and Mikihiko, Tatsuya stood up and visually urged them “let’s go”.

Leading three beautiful young ladies towards the buffet area, Tatsuya was subjected to an entirely different sort of stare than Miyuki received.



By the time the four of them returned, the only two people to greet them were Mizuki and Mikihiko.

“Erika and Saijou are still practicing?”

Since she didn’t see the two of them, Honoka asked with concern. Still, she wasn’t particularly worried, since it’s not like everyone was always present during lunch. For example, these past couple of days Tatsuya was busy working on the stage devices (making system adjustments would be more accurate), so he didn’t frequent the cafeteria (Miyuki naturally followed Tatsuya).

On some level, based on the relaxed format of modern education, it was quite normal for students to have individual plans after instruction was over.

Honoka’s question was synonymous to saying “we have fine weather today”, and was only meant to be a conversation starter. —However.

“Ah, those two are probably resting today.”

Tatsuya’s thoroughly unexpected answer caused a flash of excitement to spark in Honoka’s eyes.

“Ah, the two of them together?”

“The two of them together.”

Honoka’s expectant eyes quickly discerned Tatsuya seemed to misunderstand her words at some point.

Following that, she revealed a mischievous smile and intentionally modified her speaking pattern with a lofty air.

“It might not be an accident, right?”

Shizuku tilted her head and murmured to herself. Despite her easy-going tone, her eyes were also very excited.

“Eh, is that how it is!?”

“Mizuki, even if you asked me, there is no way I would know.”

At Mizuki’s wide-eyed question, Miyuki could only reply with a wry smile. As Mizuki was in the same class and Miyuki wasn’t, Miyuki’s response was only to be expected.

“Ah, you’re right.”

A bemused Mizuki used her eyes to search for a target who would have the answer.

“…………” “…………” “…………”

“Eh? No, I don’t think there’s anything special about that.”

The four women seemed to be in cahoots as all their eyes fell on Mikihiko, who frantically replied back.

“Speaking of which, the two of them went home together yesterday.”

And then, Tatsuya threw even more fuel onto the fire.

Wow, Really, Ah, amid the frenzy their friends went into, Miyuki watched her brother with a gentle gaze.

Did you accumulate too much stress? That gaze seemed to ask, but Tatsuya pretended not to see her and turned his head.

“But why would Erika-chan and Leo-kun suddenly need to rest?”

“Indeed. Since it’s these two we’re talking about, they wouldn’t just suddenly fall sick.”

After everyone finished eating their meals and proceeded to the after meal tea time, “the two of them resting together” once more ignited their passions.

“I think we’re getting worked up over nothing. Still, at least until yesterday, the two of them showed no signs of any abnormalities.”

Mikihiko and Tatsuya both arrived at the conclusion that “it’s not an illness”.

“Of course, there is still an outside chance that is true.”

Though Honoka was the one who spoke to Tatsuya, the one who answered her was Shizuku.

“There’s also the chance that this isn’t a coincidence.”

“That’s also true.”

Probability bounced off probability and Honoka’s conversation partner changed from Tatsuya to Shizuku.

“Now that you mention it, if ‘not coincidental’, would the two of them be engaged in such close behavior?”

“I don’t think that’s strange even if it did happen, but……”

“Hm, yeah, I think so too.”

Shizuku’s gaze inquired “what do you think” from Mizuki, hence she hurriedly expressed her agreement.





“But, if the two of them are together right now, what are they doing?”

Hearing Miyuki say this with a gentle tilt of her head, Mizuki and Mikihiko blushed one after the other.

“You two, what are you thinking of?”

“No, no, nothing at all.”

“Y-Yes! Nothing at all!”

“Well, forget it.”

At their blatantly obvious reactions, Miyuki sighed and turned her eyes back to her brother.

“Well, looks like both of them are thinking of the same thing. Even though there’s no evidence in this area, but maybe Leo has his sights on Erika.”

Tatsuya joked with a wink.

“Haha, that might be possible.”

Miyuki’s lips also curled into a smile.




Tatsuya’s abilities did not include the “All Seeing Eye”.

Still, he was capable of similar feats.

Just as magic isn’t affected by physical distance, sensory abilities through the information dimension are not affected by physical proximity either. So long as the target has been locked on through the information dimension, one could “see” the target no matter how far away they were. For example, a powerful telescope could see the moon’s surface, and if it could home onto a lunar landing vehicle, then one would be able to see the status of that vehicle on the moon’s surface (in reality, such a powerful telescope does not exist).

However, at this moment, it was pure coincidence that he wasn’t secretly watching what Erika and Leo were doing.

“Hey, you’re distracted again!”

Erika scolded her opponent who knelt at her feet holding his head.

“~~That hurt…… I’ve said this enough times! Use your mouth before using your hand! What do you think language is used for!”

“That’s because you wouldn’t understand even if I said it.”

“Don’t think for a second that socking me would make it sink in.”

And so, Leo’s objection slowly lost steam until he finally gave up.

This was partially because he was being taught and had no basis for resistance, but the main reason was the defeatist air surrounding his repeated failures.

“That’s true. Let’s take a break.”

Yet Erika never felt that Leo was incompetent. She likely knew very well how hard it was to learn a new technique.

“Here.”

“Oh, thanks.”

Erika gave a lukewarm bottle of water to Leo, who had just flopped down on the dojo floor, before standing before him in her kendo uniform.

“You were able to do this when wearing that cloak…… So the situation is that different?”

Erika unconsciously mentioned this aloud, but Leo frowned in displeasure upon hearing this.

“You mean during the Nine Schools Competition?”

No matter the result, his outward appearance was something that Leo desperately wanted to forget. Still, since this had something to do with the technique he was learning, he couldn’t just pretend to have forgotten.

“At the time, the cloak wasn’t straight like a metal plate, nor did the creases affect its ability to serve as a shield. Looks like some sort of assistance magic was incorporated into the fabric.”

Erika maintained her sitting position and rubbed her chin with her fingers.

“Hm~, while we can also add assistance magic spells, it would still be far faster to ask Tatsuya.”

“No, don’t do that.”

Leo shook his head at the words that slipped from Erika’s mouth.

“This time, if we bothered Tatsuya then the entire thing becomes pointless. If casting assistance magic is all that’s necessary, then let me invoke that spell.”

“How manly.”

Erika chuckled.

This unexpectedly brilliant smile forced Leo to avert his gaze.




Today was Saturday, but school was still in session. Magic high schools haven’t adopted the two days off per week format.

Even though he still had to attend class (including practical skills) today, Tatsuya still visited Yakumo’s temple. He even had Miyuki in tow today.

Actually, he had been invited by Yakumo to test the renovated “long range ki attack” training grounds.

There were very few locations to train magic shooting with live ammunition. Especially for someone who couldn’t use training facilities on campus like Tatsuya (“Mist Dispersal” was definitely out of the question on campus), it would be optimal if he found a local area for shooting practice without heading all the way out to Tsuchiura.

Though Miyuki was different than her brother in that she didn’t have to hide her abilities, the campus practice facilities for students and clubs didn’t allow her to bring her full might to bear. In addition, the magic she excelled in was closer to wide-area magic rather than targeted sniping. Since she usually lacked a venue or time for shooting practice, Tatsuya pulled her along saying that “this is an excellent opportunity”.

The training area was set underground, beneath the main hall for the temple, and occupied quite a large area.

“—Kya! —You!”

They should say as expected of Yakumo’s temple, as the secret training area used by ninjas was vastly different than their school’s facilities.

Refusing to admit defeat, sweat streamed down Miyuki’s face as she was breathing hoarsely.

Having rolled several times, her neat hair had become unkempt.

This was a square-shaped area.

Three of the four walls and the ceiling had numerous holes where targets came out. (They weren’t on all four walls because there were very few actual conditions where one was completely surrounded by the enemy. In an actual fight, one should have retreated long before this occurred.)

Each time, dozens of targets would appear, only to hide themselves after one second.

Just trying to take all of them out was a chore by itself, and there was even a devious condition that any remaining targets would retaliate with shots of their own.

Although Miyuki managed to block all the merciless retaliatory shots, there were still multiple instances where she fell down trying to switch between offense and defense.

“OK, let’s stop there!”

At the time Yakumo gave the signal to stop the training device, Miyuki couldn’t help but powerlessly sit on the floor. The training difficulty appeared to be set a tad too high.

“Good work.”

“Ah, Onii-sama, I’m sorry.”

Miyuki hurriedly took the towel Tatsuya handed to her.

After handing her the towel, Tatsuya used his other hand to clasp his sister’s hand and gently pulled her graceful figure to her feet.

“Ah, thank you very much.”

“You appear uninjured.”

After taking a look at his sister standing there in a thin training shirt and pants that fell to her knees, Tatsuya smiled as he spoke to his sister, who was getting her breathing back under control.

Miyuki’s flushed visage wasn’t entirely caused by her recent strenuous activity, though did Tatsuya manage to notice that?

Of course, there was no answer to that question.

Nodding his head at his sister’s concise answer of “I’m fine”, Tatsuya walked towards the center of the platform.

Miyuki wasn’t displeased by this aloof attitude.

They didn’t come here to play around.

If she caused her brother to be unduly worried on her behalf, then she was doing him a disservice.

Of course, such a thing would never happen.

As Tatsuya lightly paced forward, he drew his favored CAD before his chest.

He bent his elbow and adopted a ready position.

Without waiting for Miyuki to leave the platform, the training session began without any signal given.

Three of the walls sent out orb-shaped targets.

They were immediately disintegrated the moment they appeared.

Tatsuya reached out his right arm and adopted a shooting position.

He only squeezed the trigger — pressed down on the CAD button only once.

Twelve targets were decomposed just like that.

Not missing a beat, targets shot out of the ceiling and the walls.

This time there were twenty four.

Tatsuya didn’t aim at any individual target and merely squeezed the CAD’s trigger. Then, he dashed aside to avoid the powdery debris.

As he turned, he raised his right arm upwards and pressed the trigger.

Like they were trying to replace the gaps formed by the ruined orbs, swarms of orbs repeatedly materialized.

Twice, thrice, he continued to squeeze the trigger time and again.

However, even when all the targets had been exhausted, not a single retaliatory shot was fired.



“Onii-sama, that was amazing!”

After the device came to a halt, Miyuki fairly flew towards where Tatsuya lowered his CAD.

“Seriously, a complete victory. Is even that level of difficulty not enough?”

Yakumo followed behind with a bitter expression on his face.

Tatsuya smiled in response to Miyuki and moved towards Yakumo.

“This is my area of expertise after all, but even then it was still a stretch. Who came up with this devious layout that takes advantage of the blind spots?”

“I got the design from Kazama-kun.”

“I see, so this is Sanada’s work.”

Thinking of the technology officer with the candid smile who was one of the wiliest within the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion, Tatsuya murmured quietly.

As Yakumo’s face relaxed to hide his “so you know” reaction, Miyuki stepped between the two.

“Speaking of which, Onii-sama, when could you handle 36 targets at the same time?”

These words weren’t out of concern for her brother but more because she couldn’t contain her excitement.

“I remember that 24 was your limit three months ago.”

Miyuki was referring to the number of targets that could be sniped by magic at the same time. Even though the Specialized CAD was shaped like a handgun, that did not mean the magic was fired from the muzzle. If this was a Generalized CAD, it might not even be in the shape of a gun.

Modern magic in the form of the Four Great Systems and Eight Major Types relied on Eidos manipulation of the chosen target rather than using magic bullets to shoot at a target. Thus, so long as one could focus on the targeted phenomenon, it was possible to target multiple instances of the same phenomenon.

To accomplish this, each of the replicated targets needed to be defined and considered simultaneously.

Rather than lumping all the targets together and identifying all the phenomena together and changing them at once, magic needed to be applied to each individual target, so it was necessary to identify the subtle differences between each of them.

If the number of the targets was only one digit, then anyone could accomplish this with sufficient training. Anything above that was the realm where qualities other than magic were required, as even adding one target became incredibly difficult.

Miyuki’s eyes shone brilliantly. Needless to say, this was her bro-con personality on full throttle.

However, Tatsuya only laughed and shook his head at his sister’s question.

“No, although this opponent does actually retaliate, it is more like they were set to wait to retaliate. In live combat without any breaks in between, currently 24 is already my limit.”

“Please don’t be so humble. Even if that’s the case, even with the training set towards waiting to retaliate, I can only manage 16 at a time. Onii-sama is truly amazing!”

“Hey, flattery won’t get anything from me. You are capable of using magic at a wider scale than I can, and if you weren’t constantly keeping an eye on me, you would be able to do this too. In terms of defense, you are far ahead of me, aren’t you?”

“In that case, can’t Onii-sama reach even farther than I can by increasing the level of interference?”

Yakumo’s wry laughter cut through their enigmatic conversation.

“Hey, you two remember that the walls have ears, right?”

The two of them shared embarrassed expressions, then exchanged knowing smiles.



Afterwards, the siblings left the training grounds in the basement and came to the corridor where Yakumo’s room was.

Yakumo was undoubtedly the one who led them here. Even though Yakumo claimed that he would bring them tea after training, the very fact that they were in his private quarters rather than the main hall hinted that this odd gesture entailed something special, Tatsuya thought.

“You two still have to go to school, so I’ll keep this short.”

After bringing tea for three, Yakumo sat next to Tatsuya and cut to the heart of the matter.

“It appears you have received quite a special item.”

While there was no way to confirm that the “special item” Yakumo spoke of was the Magatama, he wasn’t overly surprised or astonished. There was no way one could associate with Yakumo if they were shocked by comments on such a level.

“Are you talking about the item placed in my care?”

Tatsuya frankly and directly confirmed that he possessed the item Yakumo spoke of. There was no point in trying to play fast and loose with Yakumo, something that Tatsuya had learned through long experience. Likewise, Tatsuya also knew that Yakumo did not favor individuals who engaged in pointless conversation to discover other people’s secrets.

“If that is the case, I advise you to return that as quickly as possible. If you must hold onto it, store it somewhere other than your home.”

Although Tatsuya knew that Yakumo would warn him, the seriousness in Yakumo’s voice surpassed his expectations. Surprise and anxiety welled up inside his body and he couldn’t help but straighten his body in front of Yakumo.

“There’s no sign that someone is on to us.”

Tatsuya’s comment contained the subtle inquiry “Is someone spying on us?”. Since he received a painful (physical) lesson during the Sayuri incident, he had begun to prudently monitor the auras around him recently. However, excluding a few minor incidents, at least no major threat like Yakumo hinted at had materialized yet.

“That’s because they’re being very cautious and not because they’re lacking in talent.”

Yakumo’s reply not only served as a warning to their opponent’s capabilities, it also hinted that he was on their trail.

“Who are they…… I suppose it would be pointless for me to even ask.”

“Not entirely pointless.”

Yakumo’s response was entirely theatrical, but Tatsuya did not fret.

On the other side, Yakumo saw that Tatsuya didn’t take the bait, so he slowly went with the hook “Hm, in that case……”

“I’ll give you another piece of advice, if the enemy appears before you, be very wary of their bearing.”

“Bearing…… Is it?”

The one who asked in surprise was Miyuki.

Tatsuya was also curious as to the answer of that question, so he wordlessly glanced at Yakumo.

“The price will be considerably higher if you want to ask more questions.”

Yet Yakumo didn’t answer Miyuki’s question.




There were 8 days until the Thesis Competition.

The support level for the live demonstration on stage had practically reached full mobilization for the school.

There were people in charge of creating the components for the device, people acting out the stage performance, people serving as the audience, people who directed transportation and handed out lunchboxes, anyone in the indoor camp who couldn’t appear in the Nine Schools Competition was there putting their talents to full use.

On the other hand, athletic students also had their own mission to accomplish and were also giving it their all. Even the core members who usually didn’t have to prepare were sweating it out in practice just in case they were needed.

There was an outdoor training facility standing on the remodeled hill next to the school. Magic high schools were not military or police training academies, but there was still a considerable amount of people who progressed in that direction, hence the need for both indoor and outdoor facilities.

Within this artificial forest, Mikihiko hid his presence and watched the upperclassman who was his training partner.

He was hidden within the shadows of the trees, but his opponent stood exposed in the middle of open terrain. Just and honorable, that description fit him perfectly. He was able to intimidate Mikihiko without even looking in this direction.

His training opponent was the Club Activities Group Leader, Juumonji Katsuto.

During this Thesis Competition, Katsuto served as the supreme commander for all security personnel from the nine schools. Since he was to work alongside representatives from other schools, he needed to practice leading from the front in order to inspire the other students selected as security personnel and bolster their morale.

Mikihiko was selected as his opponent largely due to his outstanding performance during the Nine Schools Competition.

However, he wasn’t Katsuto’s only training opponent.

In the beginning, there were ten against one. Thirty minutes later, seven had already been defeated.

Mikihiko had already launched several long range attacks, but even though he hadn’t received a single attack yet, he was already covered in sweat.

And cold sweat to boot.

(Too anxious, eh.)

When he heard that he had been selected as a training opponent, he almost leaped for joy. A Year 1 student, and a Course 2 student too, who had not joined any magic competition club would have found it nearly impossible to beg for the opportunity to serve as the training partner for the Juumonji Family’s next heir.

Not only did he nod in thanks to Sawaki, who brought the news, he also vigorously bowed.

Of course, he knew very well that he couldn’t stand on an equal footing with Katsuto. Thus, he planned to give this his all and learn from this experience.

However—

(Relax. This is mock combat.)

From the very start, Mikihiko constantly reminded himself of that.

Katsuto was holding back. None of the seven defeated individuals suffered serious injury. Even with that in mind, Mikihiko was almost crushed by the pressure Katsuto was exerting.

This wasn’t because Mikihiko felt that he was weak, but because he felt the overwhelming pressure radiating from Katsuto. Three minutes ago, a Year 1 student from the Hundred Families panicked in the face of that pressure and was defeated after recklessly attacking.

Without noticing it, Mikihiko’s breath became ragged. The sound of his breathing had risen in volume until it was easily discernible.

He quickly noticed this problem and hurriedly hushed himself.

Only two or three sounds escaped during that interval.

Even indoors, this was a volume that would not travel more than 1 meter out.

Despite that, Katsuto’s eyes truly drifted towards the trees where Mikihiko was hiding himself.

Cold sweat ran down Mikihiko’s back again. Slowing modulating his breathing, Mikihiko concentrated everything on his sight and hearing.

He didn’t have the courage to use magic to find out. Even if his opponent knew where he was, he didn’t have audacity to announce himself unless his opponent directly saw his face.

He used his ears to carefully discern the air flow.

Through the fabric of his pants, he could feel the slight vibrations in the earth through his knees, but this wasn’t enough.

He used his eyes to read the slight fluctuations that wouldn’t disrupt the air flow, his nose and tongue to taste the changes in the chemical ratio within the air itself.

Mikihiko raised his five senses and combined that with his sixth sense to get an accurate reading of the situation.

Betraying neither a hint of anxiety nor extreme caution, Katsuto steadily advanced to Mikihiko’s location.

(Three, two, one, now!)

Mentally counting down, Mikihiko pressed his right hand into the earth.

He transmitted the signal down the line and pumped psions into the magic formation.

The conditionally activated magic that he planted before hiding in the shade activated upon receiving the psion surge from the caster.

In order to hold Katsuto, four pillars of earth erupted around him.

These pillars were to his southeast, southwest, northwest, and northeast; they were the perfect positions for the four gates of earth, man, heaven, and demon.

In the next instant, the circular area where Katsuto was standing suddenly sank into the ground.

Ancient Magic “Earth Pit”.

This was not a technique that concealed himself within the embrace of the earth, but a spell that plummeted the enemy into an earthen tunnel, disrupting the senses and hampering movement to buy time to escape.

Against an inferior opponent, this would be sufficient to completely restrict their movement and capture them. However, Mikihiko wasn’t optimistic enough to believe that he could achieve anything beyond buying time with Juumonji as his opponent. Mikihiko wasn’t self-delusional about his own abilities.

Without wasting time to verify the effects of the invoked magic, Mikihiko fled at full speed.

Which was the correct judgment.

After the dust cloud passed, a pile of dirt stood within the round chasm in the earth, and Katsuto could be seen standing there without a speck of dust on him.

His barrier had completely blocked the attack that used the earth as a medium.

Still, it was also true that he lost visual on his fleeing opponent.

Katsuto smiled slightly and used his barrier’s reverse reaction to slightly float up and return to the surface.



In order to prevent accidents and provide medical assistance, there were people manning the indoor and outdoor observation cameras during magic mock battles.

“Heh~……”

Watching the monitor, Mari sighed.

The fact that he could survive this long as a Year 1 student was a testament to Mikihiko’s abilities.

His superlative ability that surpassed the boundary between Course 1 and 2 students had already been proven during the Nine Schools Competition.

Yet, seeing him in live combat again, it was easy to see that the effects of his unique way of applying magic far exceeded expectations.

“He possesses a different caliber of talent than Tatsuya-kun. We have a lot of interesting students in this year’s batch.”

Mari’s lips curled upwards at Mayumi’s words.

“If we had to separate them out, how ironic that the more interesting ones are Course 2 students.”

Hearing this, Mayumi revealed a sour smile.

“That’s incorrect, Mari. In terms of combined skills, the number of talented Course 1 students is still higher. We’re getting this impression only because there are several unique ability users who are particularly conspicuous.”

Mayumi’s explanation was right on the dot, prompting Mari’s nod with an air of “I see”. Then she once more directed her gaze to the monitor.

“Still, that guy is undeniably more ‘useful’ than the other Year 1 students. Nicely put, birds of a feather flock together.”

“With the experiences from the Nine Schools Competition under his belt, even the teachers have remarked on Yoshida-kun’s massive improvement. I wish that sort of positive influence continues to spread.”

“That guy isn’t the type to exhibit leadership qualities.”

“If I had to say, he’s the type that mass produces enemies.”

On the monitor next to where Mari and Mayumi were exchanging wry smiles, Mikihiko had been forced into a corner and was making his last stand.




In the dojo that belonged to the Hundred Family’s “Magic Swordsman” Chiba Family, Leo also directly came here today instead of going to school. Including the small break for lunch, Leo spent six hours sweating and swinging a bokken. The bokken he was swinging had a metal core and even the usual swordsman could only use it for three continuous hours. Even Erika, who was usually highly critical towards him, could express her amazement at Leo’s incredible physical stamina and mental concentration.

“OK, let’s stop.”

Leo halted his hands at Erika’s signal and let out a deep breath.

He accepted the towel Erika offered him and mopped at his sweat.

“You’re really going at it despite having no experience with swordsmanship.”

Her words were not gentle, but Erika’s tone didn’t carry her usual teasing tone and was purely an expression of her opinion.

Although Leo understood this very well, he still shrugged his shoulders and answered in his usual cursory manner.

“Compared to everyone here I’m definitely rated as a newcomer. Even if I haven’t swung a sword, normal club activities often use ice picks and clamps.”

“Ice picks I understand, but clamps? ……What the heck is the Mountaineering Club doing?”

“On that point, I don’t find anything particularly odd…… From an endurance perspective, I suppose both sides are equal.”

Just as he said, Erika wasn’t just standing there watching Leo swing a sword. She stood opposite Leo and swung a sword to demonstrate the motion. Leo was watching Erika’s motions and doing his best to replicate hers.

“My bokken is lighter, and I would quickly give up if I was swinging the same thing you are.”

Erika tossed the bokken she was using to Leo as she said this.

Frantically catching the bokken Erika suddenly tossed to him, Leo used one hand to lightly swing the blade to check its weight. A befuddled expression spread across his face.

“It really is light…… However, being too light makes it difficult to wield with two hands.”

“There’s a method behind the madness.”

Erika’s response was neither humble nor cute as she used a hand to wipe away at the sweat on her face. Owing to the heat, she tugged the collar of her kendo uniform to fan some air. Even though her undergarments and flesh weren’t visible, Leo still turned his face in another direction.

Since he paid extra heed to avoid Erika’s detection, even if she saw Leo’s suspicious behavior, she wasn’t embarrassed in the slightest. The two of them had been classmates for over half a year, so Erika knew that although Leo was a youth with a brusque appearance, he actually had a surprisingly innocent and stubborn streak. In Erika’s estimation, even if the women’s changing room hadn’t been latched completely and left a crack, Leo was the type that wouldn’t take a peek even if he was alone. That being said, Erika was still irked by Leo’s attitude when he obviously averted his gaze.

“……Where the heck are you looking!?”

“Ah?!”

Leo faltered at Erika’s displeased gaze and question.

“Ah, n-nothing, I didn’t see anything!”

Leo’s panicky state only served to compound Erika’s embarrassment. She was still a pure maiden at heart.

“I know you didn’t see anything! What I’m telling you is to not glance all over the place with no reason!”

“Oh, err, sorry.”

An awkward silence occupied the space between the two of them. Nevertheless, Erika wasn’t the kind of person to be hesitant with words.

“……Let’s start the next training phase.”

Under Erika’s hawkish gaze, Leo didn’t look overly harried and managed to relax.

“It’s about time to practice slashing the straw dummies.”

“Correct, come over here.”

Erika led him to the next room where a network of straw bundles awaited them. This room was set up to accurately reflect the impact of the blade depending on stabbing or how the blade made connection. In order to maximize the realism behind each swing, there was no way to bring out its full potential without this setup. These conditions were integral in order to teach Leo the technique “Usuba Kagerou”.

“Here, this is a real sword, so be careful.”

This time there was no way she was going to toss it, so Erika held the center of the hilt and handed the drawn sword to Leo.

Using his right hand to clasp the bottom of the guard and the left hand to clasp the end of the blade, Leo received the sword with two hands.

“You remember the steps?”

“Yeah. First I horizontally slice the top of the stalk, then I need to stop in order to make the second slash. Then execute the second slash, and the third. After five slashes I move to the next one from the left side to the right side.”

“Correct. I’m going to take a break inside. Let me know when you reach the one on the far right.”

“What do I do with the sword?”

“The scabbard is by the door.”

Erika said so as she pointed at the door.

Since Leo just saw her draw the blade, there was no reason to actually verify this once more. Still, as if to placate Erika, he still directed his gaze in the direction she was pointing.

Given that the scabbard could maintain the sword, the scabbard must possess the function to clean off the grit and apply oil. Upon hearing Leo’s confirmation, Erika lightly waved and left the room.



Full of spirit, the sword slashed downwards.

In the beginning, there were occasions where the blade was caught because he didn’t apply enough force, but near the end he was able to split them apart in one blow. With the last one done, the task Erika left for him had been completed. He probably took around 10 minutes to accomplish this, which caused Leo some confusion.

That was almost too easy — this was where Leo felt something was awry. Erika said to get her once he was done and left the room, saying she wanted to take a break. In other words, in Erika’s estimation, this assignment was supposed to take a considerable amount of time. Yet, he only took enough time to finish a cup of tea to finish this. In that case, Leo came to the conclusion that he must have made an error somewhere.

Nonetheless, he wasn’t clear exactly where he went wrong. Did this happen because Erika miscalculated Leo’s abilities? After some thought on the matter, he still didn’t have a viable answer. Fortunately, Leo wasn’t the type to waste time and energy on something like this. Since he didn’t have all the information to arrive at an answer, any further consideration was a waste of time. Erika had said to “call her when he finished”, so even though he “finished” outside of her calculations, Leo ultimately decided to go get Erika anyways.



As instructed, he replaced the sword back in the scabbard and left the room into the adjoining corridor, only to realize that he never asked where Erika currently was. Even he was surprised at this silly turn of events. As he quietly ridiculed himself, he glanced around looking for a HAR terminal, but couldn’t see anything like that. Still, even if he did locate one, he didn’t have the authority to request information and might even be seen as a suspicious individual, a thought that prompted Leo to abandon looking for a terminal.

If he returned to the dojo, someone might be able to point him in the right direction, Leo thought as he retraced his footsteps and ran across a young woman who came from the main house. She was approximately in her mid twenties and dressed in a kimono (Leo wasn’t familiar with this type of clothing), hence Leo wasn’t able to tell if she was single or married based on her wardrobe. Her features weren’t particularly distinctive, but her stern attitude would be out of place on a servant. Not that this household had any female servant her age.

“Ara, an unfamiliar visage.”

That domineering gaze solidified the idea in Leo’s mind that she was from the Chiba Family. Although she didn’t look like Erika, if Erika’s features came from her mother, then this woman’s features must come from their father.

“Ah…… You must be Erika’s classmate.”

In spite of the amiable words, Leo’s ears didn’t detect a trace of kindness in them. Their sibling relationship — Leo assumed that the woman before him was Erika’s older sister — appeared to be quite hostile, he thought.

“Saijou Leonhart.”

Regardless, even if it’s the Onee-sama whom she was on a bad footing with, Leo’s attitude wouldn’t change. Leo knew that putting on an act would only reflect poorly on him.

“Actually, Erika-chan asked me to call her after I finished my assignment.”

The only reason he said this was because “calling her by name would be bad”, except his tone changed entirely due to his anxiety. Nevertheless, Erika’s sister didn’t seem to reveal that special brand of interest unique to most women.

“Did Erika-chan say where she was staying?”

It appeared that she was more concerned about the topic in question than those details. Was she the serious type? Still, this didn’t feel like that was the only reason, Leo thought. —Not that he had any basis for that statement.

“She just said she wanted to take a break.”

“Oh…… In that case, she must be in the lounge.”

Erika’s sister (for now) said this as she pulled out a small terminal from her sleeve pouch. After tapping the board a few times, she handed it to Leo with a “I’ll lend this to you for now”.

“Follow the displayed instructions and use this to open the door.”

“……Is it OK for me to hold onto this?”

“Erika was the one who told you to get her, correct?”

“Yeah……”

Although there were still a few things that eluded him, this truly provided much needed assistance in his search for Erika. Thus, he accepted the terminal and said something vague like “As you please” to Erika’s sister (for now), and headed towards the dojo.



“Now that I think about it, this house is huge……”

Just now, he had hesitated briefly over borrowing the terminal, but now Leo believed that “it was a stroke of good fortune that he did borrow it”. —Of course, this was referring to the terminal Erika’s sister (for now) lent him.

The reason he thought so was because the route to the lounge was quite difficult to find. It was almost as if he had taken a longer detour, but Leo felt that this was probably just the layout of Erika’s house. Regardless, Leo finally stood before the door leading to the lounge after a five minute walk.

Even though all he had to do was enter, Leo still had some concerns. Erika was neither his kin nor lover and would likely only rate as close (“close” in terms of acquaintances, but words were insufficient to convey that here) classmates.

He should still knock.

“Hey, Erika, are you inside?”

He let out a shout when no one answered the knock, but still no one responded.

Is she really here? Despite his misgivings, if this was an empty room then he had nothing to worry about. Leo placed the terminal in his hand alongside the reading device.

After a brief electric sound, the lock disengaged.

A sound rang out from within the room.

What now, was she inside all along? Leo thought as he opened the heavy door that didn’t have a door knob.

Immediately, he heard someone shout “Wait! Wait a second!”

“Eh—!?”

A ridiculous sound erupted from Leo’s throat.

Not that he was aware of it. The current Leo had no leisure time to worry about something like that. His entire body was frozen to the point that he didn’t even realize he should shut his eyes at this point.

Of course, his opposite number across from him was the same.

Directly before Leo’s gaze, Erika maintained a posture that was about to turn around.

This was the scene before Leo’s eyes.

Erika’s modesty was only covered by a single bathing towel. Not only was her posture thoroughly unnatural, the knot in front of her chest was also loose.

Next to her was a reclining massage chair. Erika was probably lying there up until the moment he came in.

Behind Erika, there was plainly another door with a door knob on it. It was only now that Leo finally realized that he had come through the emergency fire escape.

The towel around Erika’s chest chose this moment to come undone.

The flow of time swiftly slowed down to a crawl. Nay, more like his consciousness became many times more focused.

Erika grabbed the slowly drooping towel.

Meanwhile, Leo’s body finally broke free of its confinement.

“Ah.”

“Don’t just stand there and drool like some sort of Peeping Tom, you idiot!”

Far swifter than Leo’s apology, her barbed tongue sent a hurricane of feminine fury broke over Leo.



“That devious woman…… I must have been a moron to think that she was the older sister……”

On one side, there was Erika muttering swear words under her breath while kicking the massage chair, while on the other side, Leo was sporting a bright red hand print on his face. This was the result of Leo fully accepting Erika’s request that “No matter what, I still need to hit you”. The reason she used the palm instead of the fist was because Leo was also a victim of fraud here, and definitely not because Erika disliked a stinging pain in her hand.

Leo had no complaints regarding that slap. The fault for this incident was entirely on him. Although Erika was only in such an unguarded state and relaxing on the massage chair because she miscalculated the time Leo needed to complete his assignment, that was an entirely different issue than the undeniable fact that he was the one who had opened the emergency exit. Although he barely avoided seeing any critical pieces, that certainly didn’t relieve him of any responsibility. Looks like he better head back for today, Leo thought as he decided to apologize to Erika one more time.

“Erika.” “Leo.”

In the end, both of them called out each other’s name at the same time.

“Leo.”

The moment Leo wilted a little at Erika’s piercing stare, Erika once again called out his name.

“Immediately forget what you just saw!”

No matter how much that request made sense, Leo still found that to be a tall order. One couldn’t simply white wash one’s memory that easily.

“—Even though I know that’s quite unreasonable.”

However, despite the easily understood meaning behind these words, Leo couldn’t dispel the trepidation that refused to allow him to relax.

Also, his premonition swiftly became reality.

“How about, in order to prevent you from having any spare time to think of those unnecessary things, I need to seriously train you from this point forward. I’m going to go over basic swordsmanship as well as Usuba Kagerou.”

Even though this was important enough to warrant Erika repeating this one more time, Leo was terrified of Erika’s chilly aura and didn’t dare to open his mouth.

“Starting today, why don’t you just sleep over here.”

“……I didn’t bring a change of clothes.”

Leo had mustered everything he had into those last words.

“We can prepare undergarments over here. Money isn’t an issue.”

Still not having vented all her displeasure, Erika gave Leo another hearty kick after speaking.




Even in the evening, First High’s campus was still filled with the vibrancy of student activity. The noise nearly rivaled the level when the school festival comes around. Magic high schools incorporate a format that not only demands high quality secondary education but also includes magic education as well, hence the lack of a school festival. This is primarily because there is simply not enough time to allocate towards that during the school year. Generally speaking, intramural competitions do exist, but there is nothing that surpasses school clubs or individual classes that can unite the entire student body to work together towards one overarching goal. For a magic high school like this, unlike the Nine Schools Competition dominated by talented students during the preparation and competition phases, Course 2 students had many opportunities to shine during the Thesis Competition preparation phase, which was why the school campus approached a level of frenzy that could only be seen at a school festival.

The Year 1 female students from the Literature Club volunteered to be the compensatory team for the primary workers that were toiling away together at the last leg of the project. Although this was almost the end of the school day, the young girls were still occupied preparing the bentos for dinner. Mizuki, from the Arts Club, could also be seen among them.

As the saying goes, the sun sets earlier in fall, so right now in second half of October, night was descending earlier as well. Earlier, the western sky was still a dash of purple as if someone had splashed a layer of paint over the sky; now the faint purple had turned dark blue. The scene outside had taken on that of the night itself. “It is quite late”, Mikihiko couldn’t help but think at this time.

Today, he had been called in to serve as Club Activities Group Leader Juumonji Katsuto’s training partner. Of course, it wasn’t a one on one. This was a ten on one mock battle, with Mikihiko being one of the ten.

Even though he didn’t feel there would be only one mock battle, Mikihiko wasn’t holding too much hope in that regard. Unrelated to the Ten Master Clans and the identity as a Course 1 student, Katsuto’s strength gave him a deep impression during the Nine Schools Competition. Even during the mock battle, the chance for him to challenge such a powerful opponent was not something one could simply ask for. This time, he had the valuable opportunity to experience exactly how strong Katsuto really was. Likewise, he brought an incredible desire to learn how to fight modern magic users into this mock battle.

As Mikihiko hoped, there were a total of 5 mock battles. He was also defeated by Katsuto 5 times. As he panted raggedly while falling to the ground (wasn’t he supposed to be knocked down?), he was thoroughly satisfied with the use of his time. Since they started shortly after the half day classes on Saturday, by the time he was finished being Katsuto’s training opponent it was already 4 in the afternoon. In order to prevent himself from shamefully vomiting during the training, he had only dined lightly during lunch, a point that his stomach was crying about right now. He squinted his eyes at the setting sun and thought “OK, let’s go” as he stood up, only to suddenly hear the order “halt preparations”.

Since Katsuto was serving as the supreme commander for all security personnel from the nine schools at the event, Sawaki was responsible for leading First High’s security detail in Katsuto’s place. He was also the one who gave that earlier signal. On reflex, Mikihiko stood up and was promptly cowed by Sawaki’s force of personality (more like overwhelmed), and was promptly roped into combined training as a perpetrator. One hour later, though the security personnel continued training, the Year 1 students called in as opponents had been spared (The Year 2 students were not allowed to leave).

After exchanging the dirty training uniform for his school uniform, Mikihiko walked towards the second gym (known as the combat center) where the security team was training. On the surface, he was the one who provided assistance, but in reality Mikihiko was the one who took away more from the experience, which naturally warranted some thanks on his part. Since he didn’t want to interrupt their current training, he was only planning on dropping a single greeting and then departing.

“Yoshida-kun, let me treat you to a meal as well!”

Mikihiko was once again following Sawaki only to find himself meeting with the leader for the compensatory team. What terrible timing, Mikihiko thought. Now, the only people left in the combat center were largely Year 2 students. There were some Year 1 students selected as part of the security detachment, but unfortunately, he just met most of them for the first time today. Actually, since he was famished right now, his timing should be perfect. However, eating with these people would turn the food to ashes in his mouth, Mikihiko thought.

Regardless, he should still decline, Mikihiko thought. Just as he was considering this, he felt an odd gaze filled with unease and hopeful relaxation fall upon him. Normally, “hopeful” and “unease” are opposite one another, but that earlier gaze plainly had a “relaxed” feeling. Quite concerned about that, Mikihiko couldn’t help but follow that gaze. When their eyes met, a familiar (of course) girl’s face leaped into his eyes.

At Mikihiko’s surprise, Mizuki hurriedly turned her face and revealed a warm smile.



Thanks to Mizuki, now Mikihiko didn’t have any way to escape — that was probably true no matter which excuse he spun — so Mikihiko could only sit in the outer circle of boys.

This appeared to be the last station for delivering meals. The young ladies from the compensatory squad sat primly with the sandwiches for the bentos on their lap (there were sandwiches and rice balls with meat for the boys). Probably pitying the hopeful stares from the bachelors in the security group, the evidence was that the female students were preoccupied with handing out towels and pouring tea before sitting down on the mats in the gym.

By the time Mikihiko took a seat, the compensatory squad was practically finished with their duties. The forcibly conscripted Mikihiko also sat on the mat, but his upbringing immediately prompted him to adjust his seating posture before accepting a bento box from the young lady sitting across from him. There was no need to identify this young woman because he had been following her from the corner of his eye whenever he had a chance.

“Thank you, Shibata-san.”

An embarrassed look flooded Mizuki’s face at Mikihiko’s formal reply. While there were quite a few upperclassmen (mainly women) who secretly laughed at this scene, no one was rude enough to actually bother them. The students of the far famed First High were better than that. How would they be able to witness such a hilarious scene if someone openly mocked them?

—Mizuki and Mikihiko were unaware of the devious thoughts of those surrounding them. Neither of them had the spare time to do that. While she had plotted ahead of time to sit next to him, even though they were classmates, Mizuki didn’t have the courage to initiate a conversation with a boy while surrounded by so many upperclassmen. On the other hand, Mikihiko’s family had a lot of women studying their style (the Shinto System and Ancient Magic shared this distinction), so it wasn’t like he was inept at carrying a conversation with a woman, but Mizuki’s completely flushed and embarrassed expression caused him to be overly self-conscious and unable to broach any subject.

The end result was — in the eyes of their innocent observers, this was the bittersweet atmosphere of “first love”. Not only were the young women using warm eyes to offer support, even the combat-orientated boys that had no connection with romance had noticed the peculiar atmosphere between Mikihiko and Mizuki. Whenever Mizuki poured tea for Mikihiko, her hands would frantically retreat whenever their fingertips occasionally touched. Whenever this sort of theatrics usually reserved for clandestine meetings on a bridge occurred, a flood of wordless killing intent and cheers would spring forth from their watchers.

Until now, the clueless duo had no idea that they were providing entertainment for dinner, but they were aware that “something seems to be off (really)?” The two of them possessed this degree of sensitivity and were getting slightly uncomfortable in the middle of the stares they had unknowingly engendered, especially Mizuki. Her fidgety appearance was becoming more and more obvious. Finally, she said something vague along the lines of “Ah, I, uh” and erratically stood up — rather, tried to stand.

Speaking of which, modern Japanese culture no longer called for kneeling on cushions. Sitting on chairs had already become the norm and the only people who still knelt were those engaged in martial arts, paired instruction, or religious practice. Essentially, they were all individuals engaged in special training. Nonetheless, society still held the stereotype that “women should kneel”, so most of the young ladies in the compensatory squad were kneeling. Still, upperclassmen often secretly used Weight-Type Magic to lighten the load. Even Year 2 students in Course 2 knew how to use this sort of magic that didn’t rely on speed without a CAD. Of course, the effect would only kick in ten to thirty seconds later, so whenever these ladies fell into brief lull of silence, they were secretly invoking Weight-Type Magic. The boys were all well aware of this point, so no one was going to start a conversation with one of the girls who suddenly fell quiet.

However, for Year 1 students and especially Mizuki, who was in Course 2, this was something beyond them at this point. Strictly speaking, she wasn’t even aware that there was a trick to “reduce her weight using magic while kneeling”. In addition, she never really practiced kneeling on a mat—

“Ah!?”

—So naturally, her feet went numb.

Seeing Mizuki wobbling on her feet and letting out a small shriek as she fell, Mikihiko immediately reached out a helping hand, but he still wasn’t going to make it in time. He maintained a kneeling position and caught Mizuki’s upper body. Since all his concentration was focused on not falling down together, Mikihiko never consciously noticed exactly where he was putting his hands.

After halting their momentum, Mikihiko let out a long sigh. It was then he noticed that he was facing the back of Mizuki’s head. In other words, he was more or less in a posture that was hugging Mizuki from behind. He also noticed exactly what that firm, soft feeling was in his two hands……

Mikihiko’s mental facilities ground to a dead halt. But his thought betrayed his intention, he recognized the true identity of what was grabbed by his hands. At this time, Mizuki’s consciousness finally rebooted and accurately deciphered what her current situation was.

“———!?”

“S-S-Sorry!”





Mizuki let out a soundless scream of despair and started shaking. At this, Mikihiko frantically let go of both hands. Without any support, Mizuki’s body started tilting forward as she fell forward, using her hands to support herself on the mat, placing all four limbs on the ground and her rear towards Mikihiko, a result that terrified Mizuki even more. As she stumbled to her feet, her numb feet caused her fall back on her rear once more. Owing to her sudden chain of surprising motions, her skirt had flipped upwards, revealing a significant proportion of her sock clad feet, shins, and even her thighs. This time, Mizuki used a blazing speed that normally wouldn’t be attributed to her to swiftly restore herself to a kneeling position that “women were supposed to be” with her two hands tightly clasping the hem of her skirt. Her already flushed face was now completely burning red. Her eyes laced with tears, she strove back to her feet and didn’t fall over this time before fleeing from the gym.

“What the heck are you staring for! Go after her, Yoshida-kun!”

Mikihiko was just standing there and staring blankly at Mizuki’s back when he was roused by a nameless female upperclassman scolding him and hurriedly leaped to his feet. After running out of the building, he doubled back inside and grabbed his shoes from the rack. After grabbing a pair of slippers for Mizuki, who had fled without getting her shoes, he once again chased after the figure who had already disappeared out of sight.





Chapter 7




Even though today was Sunday, Tatsuya still had to go to school.

Not for remedial classes. There was still one week until the Thesis Competition, so of course he still had to make preparations.

But right now, he was headed in an entirely different direction than school on board his beloved electric motorcycle. His sister’s pristine arms were wrapped tightly around his waist, her soft bosom was pressed against his back.

This wasn’t a date.

Nor was it a simple trip.

Their destination was the FLT research labs. Heeding Yakumo’s suggestion, they were going to return the relic specimen. He wasn’t going to return it to the company, but 3rd Research Division that served as Taurus Silver’s operational headquarters. While there weren’t any plans yet to begin the analysis there, Sayuri had already expressed her consent when he got the specimen, so there wouldn’t be a problem if the specimen was stolen from there.

They forewent public transit because they were worried about another attack.

At full speed, it would take roughly an hour to reach the research lab. Public transit took a longer detour, so it was far more expedient to take the motorcycle. For Tatsuya, who had rigorously trained his physical body, and Miyuki, who was capable of using inertial resistance magic, there was normally no need to take a break for a trip of this distance. However, shortly after leaving the city proper, Tatsuya pulled over the motorcycle next to a cafe that opened in the morning.

After urging the confused Miyuki indoors and taking a seat by the windows, Tatsuya finally answered his sister’s questions after ordering two drinks (they already ate breakfast at home).

“We’re being pursued.”

Resting both elbows on the table, Tatsuya covered his mouth with his interlaced fingers and whispered to Miyuki.

“Eh!?”

Miyuki was barely able to suppress her volume.

“I didn’t notice it at all…… Is it a car? Or a motorcycle like us?”

She leaned her head forward and whispered in her brother’s ear.

The blushing waitress might have turned her head aside, but given her frequent, sly glances this way, she was only pretending not to see them. Of course, Miyuki wouldn’t bother contemplating what the servers would think. (Speaking of which, she probably hadn’t noticed her actions would easily lead to a misunderstanding.)

“It’s a crow.”

Tatsuya’s concise answer prompted a “Ha?” from Miyuki as her eyes widened while she briefly turned the idea over in her head.

“……A familiar, is it……?”

“Yeah. And with a chemical congregation, too.”

There were observation systems that were avian machines disguised as animals, devices buried within animals, using Ancient Magic on animals, or a chemical congregation in the shape of a bird.

Chemical congregations are objects that have materialized due to pushion energy.

The physical form was only for appearances’ sake and was created by using psion particles as a foundation and applying life-refracting illusion magic to create the figure, then applying Weight, Speed, Move-Type Magics or a field with similar effects so as to give off the impression of a physical body.

On the surface, creating a chemical congregation seemed like a pointless exercise, but applying a few simple magics to the medium would allow the user to see and feel through the medium, making it a simple task to issue orders to the medium with a few simple changes. At the same time, creating one of them was a fairly simple process.

“……Doesn’t appear to be a Magician from this country. Where did this Magician come from?”

Only Ancient Magic possessed the magic to create chemical congregations. The name “chemical congregation” was applied by modern magic researchers when they were researching Ancient Magic. What Miyuki meant was that it had been a long time since this country used chemical congregations as familiars. Today, most Ancient Magic users used familiars that didn’t possess a physical body.

After the waitress brought the coffee and milk tea, Tatsuya spoke again.

Although he was wordlessly matching Miyuki’s gaze while waiting for their drinks, this only deepened the misunderstanding. However, the two of them were either slow on the draw or just that thick since they didn’t betray any reaction at the surrounding stares sent their way.

“Their identity remains unknown. If Mikihiko were here, he might be able to tell us.”

Tatsuya set their cups aside and took hold of Miyuki’s hand.

A ruckus broke out around them, causing the two of them to notice how conspicuous they were. Still, retracing their hands in embarrassment would only be admitting defeat, and there was a pressing need for them to hold hands. His sister wore an expression that conveyed her helplessness at the misunderstanding, while Tatsuya continued onward with a serious expression on his face — that only served to fuel the flames.

“It would be unwise to lead it all the way to the research labs.”

“…………”

“Miyuki?”

“Eh, ah, yes, you’re right.”

Tatsuya wanted to cover his head and sigh at the sight of his sister’s wandering eyes and mystified expression, but managed to throttle that urge.

“The chemical congregation’s location is here.”

Tatsuya transformed the image of the chemical congregation as a target into psion signals and passed it across their joined hands into Miyuki’s unconscious magic calculation area in her nervous system.

The moment magic is invoked, Magicians need to plug in the target’s data into the magic calculation area. This data is every Magician’s perception in digitized form and was something that generally couldn’t be shared. Tatsuya and Miyuki were using magic unique to the Yotsuba Family and thus were able to transfer psion signals through physical contact.

“Miyuki, take it down.”

A simple order.

At this time, Miyuki returned to a more serious expression.

“……Understood.”

After a brief hesitation, Miyuki nodded.

Miyuki wasn’t going to disobey Tatsuya’s order.

The cause of her hesitation came from her understanding that magic sniping was her brother’s area of expertise and that she was far less capable than her brother in this regard.

“Right now, I don’t want to reveal my hand yet. The target will flee in the time I take to bring up the CAD. Miyuki, it’s up to you.”

“Yes!”

Excitement suffused Miyuki’s face as there was no way she wouldn’t give it her all once her brother asked it of her.

And so, with the fingers of her right hand interlaced with Tatsuya’s left, she slightly dipped her head and lowered her eyelashes — her embarrassed posture was certainly ironic for these siblings. Beneath the table, her concealed left hand swiftly brought out a CAD and started operating it.

There was practically no delay for her magic invocation.

Tatsuya’s “sight” beheld the familiar’s body instantly freezing along with the magic that was sustaining that fake body, causing the chemical congregation of psion particles to scatter.



“Seemed like an amateur……”

“Eh? What?”

Miyuki piped up from the back seat after hearing Tatsuya’s murmuring. Her posture hadn’t changed from before, with both arms wrapped around her brother’s waist and her chest and face pressed tightly against her brother’s back.

She was still in an ebullient mood after flawlessly destroying the familiar in the cafe and her brother’s subsequent praise, so even her voice was filled with joy.

In this situation, objectively speaking she was being careless, but no one would reprimand her here. Her conversation partner did not do so and merely answered her question.

“We only had one pursuer using long distance magic who attacked Sayuri first and then tried to follow us. In other words, their target is undoubtedly the Magatama. Of the suspicious crowd recently lurking around us, a portion of them must be here for the relic. But if that’s the case, their determination wasn’t enough.”

“Wasn’t it because Onii-sama’s airtight defenses? There’s a huge risk picking a bone with Onii-sama over a second-rate relic after all.”

Miyuki’s answers always automatically triggered her bro-con concerns, actions of reflex born of powerful thoughts and feelings.

(So, that’s just risk and reward, is it……?)

However, within Miyuki’s perfectly natural answer, Tatsuya felt that he had caught a glimpse of the true nature behind this sequence of events.




They lost them. When Chen heard this report, he clenched his teeth as a bitter expression crossed his face. Originally, he was unhappy with such a passive stance like remote observation in areas he couldn’t reach (where neither he nor his opponents could reach). On top of that, their opponents had realized this in 15 minutes and taken out their observer. This tragic turnout of events only deepened his displeasure.

(All this did was raise our opponent’s hackles.)

Even if he tore them a new one, his incompetent minions would only shrink back even more, so Chen chose not to say anything. Yet, a burning fury was plainly spreading from his body.

“Do we know where Shiba Tatsuya is heading?”

“They should be heading for the FLT research labs of the R&D 3rd Division.”

The subordinate who answered Chen’s question was overly nervous. In order to avoid angering his superior, he had chosen the most limited answer that was least likely to rouse his wrath.

“ETA?”

“Approximately 40 minutes from now.”

Looks like he couldn’t just keep asking one question at a time.

“As soon as they arrive at the estimated time, order the network team to immediately attack the FLT research labs.”

Without waiting for his subordinate’s reply, Chen already gave out the next set of orders for the mission.




This morning, the research lab inhabited by the individuals whom the workers at the FLT main branch derided as “Captain Taurus and his companions”, the R&D 3rd Division, was consumed by chaos that was completely abnormal.

“—Hurry up and cut all the lines before wasting time worrying about it! Copy? Make as many as you can and that’s it!”

“Number 10, disconnect complete. Commence reconnect!”

“Idiot! What kind of buffoon reconnects the system when being hacked!”

“OK, hacking path determined!”

“Tracing program commence!”

By the time he heard all the roars coming from inside the entrance, Tatsuya had a pretty decent grasp of the situation.

“Ah, it’s the young master!”

After standing there for a minute, Tatsuya’s outstanding assistant Ushiyama finally noticed the siblings. (In terms of how outstanding, Ushiyama was able to produce the hardware pieces that Tatsuya wanted for Flying-Type Magic as well as finish the “Mini Communicator” in half a day based on a rough blueprint and have it delivered to Tatsuya. He was that kind of a person.)

Anywhere else would be a different story, but this had to be the first time that Tatsuya had been left unannounced for at least ten seconds. In other words, the situation was very serious.

“My terrible apologies! I can’t believe I ignored your arrival…… Hey! Who’s the lazy bum who neglected to announce the young master’s arrival!”

Ushiyama’s angry roar was the loudest to date. It was a piercing sound wholly incompatible with his weak, frail appearance.

That voice caused over half of the workers battling it out with the terminals in the office to freeze in terror.

Seeing this, Tatsuya colored in displeasure.

“Don’t stop! Keep an eye on the monitors!”

“Ah, yes!”

Tatsuya’s order rivaled Ushiyama in intensity and immediately received a reply.

Seeing everyone once again enter a life or death struggle with their machines, Tatsuya relaxed and turned his gaze away only to find Ushiyama in a state of extreme anxiety.

“Hackers?”

He didn’t know if Ushiyama’s thoughts still dwelt on the electronics in front of him, but this was an unpleasant topic for Tatsuya and especially Ushiyama.

Tatsuya cut to the chase in order to avoid staying on this topic for too long.

“Ha, well……”

Despite the indecisive nature of Ushiyama’s words, he wasn’t upset in front of Tatsuya. While Tatsuya was still contemplating the comings and goings, Ushiyama started explaining.

“It’s hackers for sure…… But it still feels strange. The infiltration technique itself is superb, but they don’t appear to be looking for anything in particular. It’s like they have no specific objective and are just roaming around based on luck.”

“Individual interest?”

“Not the work of one person. Based on the MO, this isn’t possible without a sizable team, even if our opponents were government organizations.”

“Even then, they still don’t have an objective, eh…… May I take a look at the stolen data?”

Tatsuya asked this question because since their enemy was running on blind luck, they might have stumbled onto something valuable.

“Well, they haven’t taken anything yet.”

Still, Ushiyama’s answer was still within Tatsuya’s expectations.

“……How long has it been since the hacking started?”

“Approximately ten minutes.”

In other words, the moment Tatsuya and Miyuki arrived here. —Almost as if they predicted when they would arrive. By choosing to attack the servers at this particular time, Tatsuya felt the situation to be highly unusual.

“The infiltration attempt has stopped.”

“Don’t let down your guard! Everyone remain on full alert today! ……Ah, my apologies. So, what may I do for you today?”

Tatsuya briefly explained the chain of events regarding the relic, the company’s contract, and his personal objectives. At the same time, in a separate area of his consciousness, he was chronicling the recent attempted thefts that were cropping up around him.




“We’re under attack from FLT servers.”

“Disconnecting as planned.”

According to Chen’s orders, the hackers cut the line. Seeing this, Chen spoke to Lu Gonghu standing next to him.

“What do you think?”

“……Status unknown.”

Lu’s attitude was slightly inappropriate when addressing a superior officer, but Chen didn’t hold it against him and continued to speak.

“After being hacked for over ten minutes without any interruption, Shiba Tatsuya would undoubtedly question the security of the labs.”

Chen valued his second officer not for his decorum, but for his calm objectivity and overwhelming combat power. Verbosity was not necessary.

“Even if Shiba Tatsuya is related to FLT, he wouldn’t easily hand over the relic to an insecure research lab.”

“Logically, that would be the case.”

“I know what you’re saying. Shiba Tatsuya is a high school student. He wouldn’t leave such a hot item on himself. In this situation, we must consider how to obtain the data from the lab.”

Lu wordlessly expressed his agreement to Chen’s words.

“We will probably need you to act.”

“Leave it to me.”

Chen nodded broadly at his second officer’s answer. Suddenly, his face darkened as he seemed to recall something.

“Speaking of which, Zhou is about to see how that little girl is doing.”

Chen’s voice was not positive. It even contained an insulting impression, with many mixed emotions buried within. It was fairly easy to guess exactly how Chen viewed Zhou.

Still, Lu didn’t object to his superior’s tone and kept his eyes forward as he waited for the next order.

“Make the little girl disappear before he visits.”

This was not the order Lu was expecting. Not only would this go poorly with Zhou, Chen would also lose a valuable collaborator.

Nonetheless, Lu Gonghu’s expression did not question anything as he silently accepted this order.




Even though today was Sunday, since they had to go to school, they couldn’t just wear casual clothes either.

Some normal high schools (the general term applied to high schools of letters and science) did permit their students to wear casual clothes to school, but they were the decisive minority within normal high schools.

Magic high schools required uniforms regardless of whether class was in session.

The siblings dropped by the house for a change of clothes.

At this time, the personal line in the house rang. This was a call that could not be transferred. Restricting the message from being sent to portable terminals was to prevent other people from prying. The fact that this setting was activated indicated that the sender believed the contents to be highly confidential.

“Onii-sama, what is it?”

Miyuki, who took slightly longer to change, arrived to where Tatsuya was standing by the phone and discreetly glanced at the display.

“A message is it? From who…… Eh? Hirakawa-senpai!?”

Of course, Miyuki knew all about the attempted sabotage incident.

After hearing this, she did not bear a very sympathetic view of the Hirakawa siblings.

“Apparently she hopes we will return the call.”

After perusing the contents of the message, Tatsuya hit the redial button before Miyuki could say anything.

The other side picked up the line after one ring.

“Hello, Shiba-kun? My apologies for asking you to call me back……”

Among the representatives for the Nine Schools Competition, Hirakawa Koharu was one of those who openly displayed a friendly welcome to Tatsuya from the get go. Still, they were only mere acquaintances. She was someone who disliked conflict and was typically courteous to anyone other than herself. In fact, she stood out for her timid nature that was completely different than Azusa.

Yet, from another perspective, timidness could also be seen as “gentleness” or “accommodating”. Actually, it was highly possible more people believed that was the case.

“Hardly, we were the ones who were late. We just stepped out for a bit.”

The hour right now would be quite tardy for normal classes.

It was hardly surprising that they weren’t home during the weekend, but Koharu must have been waiting anxiously for Tatsuya to return her call. The fact that she picked up the phone after one ring was clear evidence of this.

The video transmission was now very common. Even though video cams had become practically universal, this was only a change in technology.

Human emotions had not progressed to the point where they were willing to allow their peaceful homes to be exposed before another’s eyes, or let someone watch them change without hesitation.

There were households with dedicated phone rooms, but the overwhelming majority placed their phones in the living room and alerted the other side about opening the video cam.

Koharu’s face did not appear on the display and the monitor remained black.

“Please don’t worry about that, I was the one who requested to talk over the phone.”

Still, it was apparent from her voice that she had lowered her head with a dark cloud over her face.

“These past few days, well…… My sister has caused you considerable trouble.”

Nay, rather than saying a “dark cloud”, perhaps her face was “utterly pale”.

“It was only an attempt after all. As nothing happened, please do not worry too much. I don’t mind either.”

This wasn’t just a line to help the other person relax, these were Tatsuya’s true feelings.

“But, she still caused a lot of trouble…… Originally, it was already enough of a bother that Shiba-kun had to replace me. It is my ineptitude that caused this child to dig herself into such a deep hole. Causing you such difficulties during this critical period cannot be simply written off as a mere attempt. Although I can only apologize…… But I am really, really sorry.”

On the other side of the unconnected video screen, Koharu undoubtedly bowed deeply in apology.

Her voice naturally gave off that impression.

However, Tatsuya’s honest feelings were “Even if you apologize like this……”

He didn’t wish for an apology, and hearing these depressing and self-demeaning words only served to sour his mood.

Honestly, he never took Chiaki’s actions, or more like “what she wanted to do”, to heart.

He never really even thought about it.

“I understand. On Hirakawa-senpai’s behalf, we’ll just write the whole thing off.”

Hoping to quickly bring this call to an end, he halfheartedly comforted her.

“Thank you very much. I hoped that Shiba-kun would say that.”

She was impressive indeed if she could discern Tatsuya’s real intent through those words. Looks like there was a serious misunderstanding.

“Hardly…… Then, goodbye.”

“Ah, wait.”

Tatsuya’s attempt to hang up while Hirakawa was soothed appeared to be premature.

“What is it?”

There were many things demanding his attention. In other words, he simply didn’t have time.

Tatsuya had to take extra care not to let his impatience bleed into his words.

“Well, I know a simple apology isn’t sufficient.”

Is it this again, Tatsuya thought. Tatsuya honestly wanted to give up on this endlessly looping conversation.

“I don’t know if this can help Shiba-kun.”

Fortunately, he was worrying needlessly.

“I found phone logs between Chiaki and the criminal organization. Although this contains that child’s personal data…… But I still want to give it to Shiba-kun. Please use it as you see fit, Shiba-kun. Anyways, I’m sorry for bothering you while you’re so busy. Thank you for listening to me for so long. Goodbye.”

The call ended.

Without waiting for Tatsuya to reply.

“Even if they’re siblings, hacking is a crime……”

Tatsuya murmured these words as if speaking to Koharu as he gazed at the data log icon in the adjacent frame.

“Onii-sama, what is it?”

She probably heard Tatsuya muttering to himself.

Miyuki approached again with a slightly concerned look on her face.

“So, what are we going to do.”

After giving a subtle, vague answer, Tatsuya considered Koharu’s intentions.

She was trying to use this to make amends. Although she didn’t come out and say it, there was no other plausible explanation besides this one. Hirakawa hacked her sister’s personal communications because she wanted to know who led her sister astray. Yet, her actions didn’t paint her in a better light. Giving Tatsuya this information, she was hoping that he would avenge her, Tatsuya speculated.

(I wonder if this constitutes as cunning……)

The fact that he would use a term like a woman’s cunning definitely pointed towards his insufficient life experiences.

“……Oh well. Allow me to make use of what I have.”

Setting aside Miyuki with a completely perplexed look on her face, Tatsuya dialed another number.

Even with the data log that provided an abandoned access point in hand, he wasn’t confident he could sniff out his quarry on the net.

But he knew someone who could.



The sky was raining when the two of them reached school. Although neither Tatsuya nor Miyuki brought an umbrella, fortunately they avoided being drenched.

Also, Miyuki was a member the Student Council who held the privilege of bringing CADs to school (though Tatsuya also held that distinction).

Wet clothes were swiftly dealt with by Miyuki’s magic, leaving no trace behind.

However—

“Given the rain, looks like our field activity will be impossible……”

“There’s nothing we can do about that.”

Tatsuya shrugged his shoulders as Miyuki frowned at the dark clouds overhead.

So far, the preparations had been going according to schedule. Working indoors would be a little cramped, but then it’s not like they wouldn’t hit their deadline if they didn’t do anything.

Personally speaking, he was originally going to do calibrations in the repair room for the Robotics Club, so weather really didn’t bother him.

“Then, I’m off.”

“Yes, please do your best, Onii-sama.”

Miyuki still had Student Council business waiting for her as she regretfully bid farewell to Tatsuya.




The Robotics Club was short for the “Robot Research Group”. The repair room was a small lab where they conducted all sorts of robot construction and electric testing.

During the preparation period, there was a large computer here used for debugging purposes that helped to modify the Activation Sequence for the model device used during the Thesis Competition.

His assignment today was to calibrate the Activation Sequence. Since Suzune and Isori already finished the testing the mainframe’s run time, Tatsuya was the only one with anything left to do today. The main focus of the demonstration, the thermonuclear reactor model, had already been connected to the computer. The Robotics Club members responsible for setting up the device had already left to help other teams put their components together. Right now, Tatsuya was the only person in the repair room.

(Am I a little late?)

Even though this was a day off with no classes, they certainly helped him a great bundle, Tatsuya chuckled wryly.

“Welcome back.”

He was the only “human” in the repair room, but a second after he entered the room, a “humanoid” came to welcome him.

It was wearing a white apron with white frills above a black skirt that extended 10 centimeters below the knee. Beneath, there was a pair of white, knee high socks and black shoes. There was also a white headband with frills on the head.

(Seriously, so that’s where their interests lie……)

“Year 1 Class E, Shiba Tatsuya.”

Tatsuya chuckled and simply announced his name.

The welcoming “young lady” straightened and paused for half a second before bowing deeply.

The movements stopped to verify his voice.

Satisfied that the facial and vocal examination matched the records, Tatsuya finally bypassed the security features in this room.

“Preparing, coffee.”

An awkward tone paired with an equally awkward movement.

Still, this “awkwardness” wasn’t noticeable unless carefully observed.

Her name was “3H Type P94” (3H Personal-Type ’94). The Robotics Club nicknamed her “Pixie”.

This was the Humanoid Home Helper, also known as the 3H personal chore robot, owned by the Robotics Club. That was the identity of this “girl”. Apparently, someone among the Year 3 students in the Robotics Club had connections with the HAR’s primary distributors and were able to borrow an updated AI device.

Generally, the 3H’s appearance was set to that of a woman in her twenties, but in order to reduce the incompatibility on campus, she was specifically set to be someone in her late teens.

Truly, if she wore the school uniform from First High and managed to sneak into class, she would be an exemplary “emotionless female student” if she could just sit down and not make a sound. She might even qualify for the term “cool beauty”. —An effect completely lost when she was wearing a maid uniform.

Even Tatsuya was caught by surprise upon being served by a “maid robot” while preparing for the Thesis Competition in this room for the first time. Still, he was more or less accustomed to this garb now.

Just as Tatsuya sat down in front of the controls and faced the terminal, a cup of coffee was set on the table beside him with a small sound.

(Looks like there’s still room for improvement in the control software……)

After pondering for a bit, he picked up the cup and took a sip. It was a fair cup, he nodded.

The newest 3H model “Pixie” possessed automatic, customized features that could identify the tastes of over fifty users based on facial structure. Even though Tatsuya didn’t say anything, it was this function that enabled her to prepare a cup of coffee to suit him.

“Pixie, remain on standby.”

After replacing the coffee on the table, Tatsuya gave this order to Pixie. Despite knowing she was a machine, having such a life-like robot standing behind him still felt unnatural.

“Understood.”

The pronunciation for such a specific term was quite fluid.

The P94 bowed in a fluid motion that matched any live human and walked towards the seat near the entrance.

After taking a seat, she became motionless.

The power source for the 3H was a methanol fuel cell.

There was an option to refuel methanol — literally drinking it in this case, so the user didn’t have to worry about exhausting the fuel.

However, there was no need to waste fuel needlessly, since the act of standing was rather taxing on the power (standing on both legs was a rather challenging exercise), so the model remained sitting when not in use.

Tatsuya moved his head around (no ulterior motive implied) and placed his fingertips on the keyboard.

The sound of lightly tapping the keys rang out.

Tatsuya’s left hand left the keyboard and moved towards the pearl-colored display. This was the access point for users to directly interact with the large CAD plugged into the display. The user could supply psions needed by the Activation Sequence through this display, where the CAD would then read the Activation Sequence.

He was currently projecting the movements of the Magic Sequence.

Normally, the sequence involved breaking down the Magic Sequence into steps and removing individual steps before they came to fruition in order to test whether the desired result was brought about by the processes.

On the surface, he was following this procedure, but in reality he was using his “eye” to directly observe each aspect of the Magic Sequence.

His superlative talent in developing magic was largely thanks to this hidden ability (Elemental Sight), although other magic pioneers might label this as cheating — he was not the sort of person to quibble over things like that.

His physical eye was watching the screen while his mental eye was glued on the information dimension.

His work continued for roughly an hour.

Suddenly, he felt an uncomfortable feeling within his body.

Drowsiness suddenly sneaked up on him.

(Did I overdo it……)

Wishing to take a break outside, Tatsuya moved to get up, but—

His limbs were heavy.

Like his body hadn’t woken up yet.

Highly trained individuals could use their will to control the physical body’s desire for sleep.

Pulling several all-nighters in a row was another story, but he didn’t recall that he led such an unprincipled lifestyle.

A danger signal flashed across his brain.

His physical body plainly was behaving abnormally.



[Physical functioning dropping abnormally]

Sleepiness itself is not something that poses an obstruction to combat ability.

However, when unable to awaken based on one’s own consciousness, then this drowsiness became an impairment to combat ability.

[Personal Restoration: Semi-Automatic Activation]

His Personal Restoration ability recognized the necessity.

[Magic Sequence: Loaded]

[Core/Eidos Data: Retrieving from Backup]

Begin activation.

[Restoration: Commence…… Complete]

In an instant, his body returned to “a state before drowsiness came upon him”.

But the primary problem still hadn’t been addressed.

The only thing that he had consumed since leaving the house for the lab was the coffee from the cafe and the cup Pixie prepared for him. Neither of the two items contained hazardous materials. That was because he already used his “eye” to verify this before partaking in them. Thus, the only direction where chemicals could come from was—

(Gas!)

The circulation system must have been tampered with.

After taking a quick inventory of the information in the room, he confirmed that a fast-acting sleeping gas had been introduced into the air for a short period of time.

So what should he do now.

It was a simple matter for him to “decompose” the gas.

However, there were magic monitors all around the campus, so if he used “Decomposition” in a large, open space like this repair room to remove all the gas, the magic he kept hidden all this time would be revealed. That was not a desirable outcome.

Miyuki, Honoka, or Shizuku would be able to identify which gas particles were harmful and expel them from the room, but that sort of magic was a little too difficult for him.

At any rate, holding his breath also had its limitations.

Right now, the only thing he could do was leave. He could just leave the device behind without a problem. After locking the computer, Tatsuya turned towards the entrance.

Yet — before him, a slim figure halted him in his tracks.

The figure standing before Tatsuya stretched out a hand towards Tatsuya’s mouth.

Since the movement wasn’t particularly swift, Tatsuya wasn’t clear what the figure was trying to do.

“Her” hand stopped shortly in front of Tatsuya’s face.

“There is an abnormality in the circulation system. Please wear a mask.”

3H (Humanoid Home Helper) Type P94, the feminine robot named Pixie offered him a simple mask.

At first glance, this appeared to be disposable cloth dust mask, but this was a high quality gel filter sufficient to block anything larger than carbon dioxide particles. Applied to the face, the filter was able to block almost all poisonous gases while not hampering breathing in any way.

They even have these, Tatsuya thought as he put on the mask and closed his eyes.

“Corneas in danger of contamination. Need to be directed outside, by hand.”

Despite the clear need for linguistic improvement, Tatsuya got the meaning she was trying to convey perfectly. The newest 3H model P94 appeared to have crisis management protocols installed, or maybe this was simply the Robotics Club’s “education”.

Tatsuya knew that sleeping gas did not contain elements that harmed the eyes.

That was because she said so only after he closed his eyes.

Still, he made no motion to walk outside.

“Pixie, override and activate the ventilation system. To prevent secondary hazards, I will remain here. Remain in Monitoring Status. In order to allow assistance, do not prevent others from entering. You are forbidden from obstructing them.”

The P94 accepted the chain of commands from Tatsuya.

“Avoidance of secondary hazards, logical and confirmed. Overriding ventilation system.”

The air conditioning system and the ventilation system that was on a separate system had been activated.

The 3H itself was only a voice-machine interface for the automatic household system.

The small fuel cell that served as its power source and upright frame that stood on two legs were not suitable for physical labor.

Owing to its humanoid design, the number of sensors installed was also limited, so it wasn’t suited for precision tasks either.

Based on the 3H’s design, individual activity did not need to match the strength or precision of actual humans and was designed to facilitate the usage of the automatic household system.

After going through voice recognition, they were able to receive verbal orders. This was like remotely controlling the HAR that shared the same outward appearance as humans. The HAR was originally intended to be an add-on and never meant to cover all the bases for household management.

Still, the add-on functions were so well done that most people forgot the HAR’s original purpose as an interface.

Not just everyone else. Even Tatsuya actually forgot today.

(Being overly accessible has its pros and cons……)

Tatsuya ruminated whether he had that embarrassing thought only because he refused to admit defeat as he waited for the sleeping gas to be expelled.

Taking the 3H’s operations into account, the air conditioning system was being restored at the same time.

Tatsuya sat down in front of the terminal again and removed the gas mask. In order to refrain from scaring the person checking to see if he had fallen asleep, he closed his eyes and relaxed the tension in his body.



The person he was waiting for quickly arrived.

After the gas was removed, Tatsuya sat there with closed eyes, concentrated, and quickly detected someone creeping into the room.

He preemptively ordered the P94 to refrain from searching each individual before entering because he considered the possibility that someone would enter right now, which fell perfectly within Tatsuya’s calculations.

“Shiba?”

The familiar voice of an upperclassman.

The statement was made to check if Tatsuya was actually asleep and would immediately offer a false offer of worry if he rose. However, based on the terrible alibi due to his awkward choice of timing to enter the room now, he was a complete amateur.

Naturally, Tatsuya continued to feign sleep.

“Shiba, are you asleep?”

Once again making sure that there was no answer, the invader glanced around as if looking for something, but his eyes quickly focused on the device. He abandoned the terminal as a target because he saw that Tatsuya already locked the computer. Or, maybe he never wanted the data in the first place.

The invader had no idea that Tatsuya was watching with narrowed eyes, nor was he aware that Pixie was sitting there in Monitoring Mode and recording the entire sequence. And so, the invader plugged the hacking tool he used on the recording cameras into the device and started trying to remove the Activation Sequence data.

“Sekimoto, what are you doing?”

The sudden query caused the invader to jump in fright and frantically whirl around.

(That’s a wrap……)

Too bad the merry solo act ended so soon, Tatsuya thought to himself. Of course, the people in question, both the person being interrupted and the one providing the interruption — were entirely unaware of his terrible interest in entertainment.

“Chiyoda, why are you here?”

“Why? I came here because I received word from the security system that there was an error flag from the air conditioning system. Sekimoto, why are you here and what are you holding in your hand?”

“Impossible…… The alarm should have been disconnected……”

His panicky state, or maybe the presence of this unexpected surprise, caused Sekimoto to misspeak, prompting Kanon’s eyes to go hard.

“Indeed. The alarm was sent manually and not automatically.”

Pixie was the one who raised the alarm instead of Tatsuya.

The robot determined this was the proper action and followed through, which was another type of “automatic”, but Kanon had no way of knowing. Compared to that—

“However, your earlier words can’t simply be seen as words in the wind.”

The most important thing was Sekimoto’s accidental confession.

“What do you mean, the alarm should have been disconnected.”

Criminals didn’t always adopt logical paths of action. Still, there is a heightened degree of anxiety during the act itself, which was why they fell for traps that they would be able to avoid during normal circumstances. This was one of the key clues that enabled investigators to determine a suspect no matter how long ago the crime occurred. Currently, Sekimoto succumbed to the same cognitive trap that criminals often fell for.

“Sekimoto, remaining silent now is the same as admitting you did the deed.”

Kanon’s tone was fairly restrained, but she was clearly very sincere.

Kanon moved her left hand before her chest.

A running CAD was held in her hand.

It was already filled with psions to guarantee that the Activation Sequence would work.

This was not a contest, training session, or practical joke. This was a direct descendant of the Chiyoda Family from the Hundred Families preparing for live combat—

“Haha, Chiyoda, don’t be ridiculous. I’m the criminal? Criminal for what?”

Sekimoto was trying to use false bravado to cover for himself, but this would only work when a large number of companions was with him and definitely not in a one-on-one confrontation.

“The criminal who tampered with the air conditioner by mixing in sleeping gas. In other words, the red-handed criminal engaged in industrial spying.”

“How rude, Chiyoda! I was just making a backup because I was worried that we may lose data due to the system malfunction.”

“Using hacking tools? That’s frankly impossible. Isn’t that right, Shiba-kun.”

Sekimoto whirled around with shock to find Tatsuya smiling wryly with both eyes open.

Kanon had seen through Tatsuya’s feigned sleep at a single glance.

“Impossible, the gas had no effect?”

“He’s not a little cutie pie that can be undone by sleeping gas.”

Tatsuya’s wry smile deepened at Kanon’s blatantly unfavorable tone.

“No way to deny that I’m not cute…… The rest is just as the Chief said. There is simply no way to directly prepare a backup for the device. Even if you tried, there would be no need.”

The CAD plugged into the display device only recorded the Activation Sequence spreading out, and there was no way for an internal function to compile the Activation Sequence. Modification of Activation Sequences are often directly done on the computer, with a copy of contents included as well.

“Sekimoto, don’t even try to think I’m that stupid. Even if my technical ability isn’t all that great, I at least know that much.”

Sekimoto clenched his teeth before Kanon’s displeased glare.

He bore the appearance of a cornered rat that had been stripped of any excuse.

“Sekimoto Isao, remove your CAD and set it on the floor.”

Kanon’s tone changed.

She was now advising a criminal to surrender.

However, Sekimoto’s response was,

“Chiyoda!”

The Activation Sequence spread out.

Sekimoto was a powerful member of the Public Moral Committee after joining in the second semester of Year 2.

There was no delay in his magic invocation, from reading the Activation Sequence to the construction of the Magic Sequence. His speed rivaled any representative from the Nine Schools Competition.

Yet—

“……Cut the bull, Sekimoto-kun!”

Sekimoto’s magic dissipated. He realized an instant later that was because of Kanon’s oscillatory-type magic using the floorboards as a medium.

When invoking magic, there was absolutely no need to recite the name of the magic used.

At the same time, calling out the name of the target was also meaningless.

Combat involving modern magic was decided in an instant.

Kanon had prepared her CAD first.

Even performing as pointless a gesture like calling out Kanon’s name, there was simply no way for Sekimoto to seize the initiative from Kanon.



After Kanon called out, reinforcements from the Public Moral Committee and Club Activities Group burst into the room and Sekimoto was brought to the Student Guidance Center (aka “Interrogation Room”).

During this time, Tatsuya never made a move.

Seeing Kanon’s group leave, Tatsuya gave new orders to the waiting P94.

“Pixie, cancel Monitoring Mode, copy the visual and auditory recording starting from the moment the order was given into the memory cube and delete all files from the registry.”

“Understood. Copying data files to memory cube…… Complete. ……Deleting records. Complete.”

Pixie belonged to the Robotics Club, so Tatsuya didn’t actually have that level of clearance. Still, since Tatsuya gave the order to make that recording, Tatsuya possessed the ownership power over the recorded files.

After placing the memory cube containing the evidence that even Kanon didn’t know about into his shirt pocket, Tatsuya ordered the feminine robot to stand down again.




Visiting hours for the hospital affiliated with the national magic university lasted from noon until 7 in the evening. Right now, the hour was just past 4, hence no one thought it was strange that a young man in a business suit with a bouquet of flowers in his hand would appear in the hospital halls. Also, there wasn’t a sense of wrongness with a man holding a bouquet, since the youth was clearly from a well-to-do family.

Still, his unique features should have been particularly memorable, but none of the other visitors or nurses paid him any heed. That certainly constituted an amazing situation.

Maybe because he was a frequent visitor or for some other reason, the young man was quite familiar with the hospital layout and didn’t even hesitate before heading up the floors without even consulting the display board. After taking the elevator to the fourth floor, the young man came to a halt in the corridors.

In front of him, there was the figure of a bulky man which sparked the young man’s recollection. This man, who was slightly older than him but still rated as a young man, was standing before the door leading to a certain hospital room.

Zhou once remarked to the young man’s superior officer, Chen, that he would be visiting today. At the time, Chen didn’t object to his visit to the young lady, nor did he make any comment.

So this was Chen’s plan, Zhou could only rationalize it as such. Thus, someone being here to prevent his visit and even hamper his business was the real reason why Chen didn’t object to his activities.

Not even hesitating for a second, the young Zhou pressed the alarm on the wall as if nothing had happened.



As the young man headed to the fourth floor from the third floor, a young couple came from the In Patient Wing. The man’s name was Chiba Naotsugu and the woman was Watanabe Mari. The former was the second son of the Chiba Family bearing the proud title the Genius Swordsman while the latter was the former Public Moral Committee Chief from the magic university affiliated First High. The two of them were in the middle of a date.

“Nao.”

In the eyes of her underclassmen, Mari was the heroic and valiant older sister, but before her lover she was a perfectly feminine, gentle young lady. Still, not only was this because she naturally wore an embarrassed expression while with her lover, there were a few apologetic traces in her expression as well.

“Well…… I’m sorry that I asked you to accompany me while you’re so busy.”

Mari’s intent was to interrogate Hirakawa Chiaki under the pretext of visiting her at the hospital. At the end of the day, this was First High’s issue, which was precisely the reason why Mari was “apologetic” to Naotsugu.

However, hearing Mari’s words, Naotsugu wore a “Who do you take me for?” expression and lowered his head to look at Mari.

“What are you saying that for, I don’t mind at all.”

“But, don’t you have to make preparations to ship out tomorrow?”

“While it is a naval exercise, this is primarily for the helmsmen and gunners. Our mission involves overseas training. There is some manual labor, but I’m already used to that.”

Hearing Naotsugu’s joking words, Mari’s brows relaxed somewhat.

“Is it combined amphibious training at Guam?”

“Ah, yes. Our mission is slightly different than last time, this time it’ll be a short training session lasting approximately 10 days. The burden isn’t too heavy, so Mari, you don’t have to worry about it so much.”

Naotsugu smiled slightly after he answered Mari’s question.

“……Is something still bothering you?”

Naotsugu saw a color of hesitation still remained in the smile Mari returned, thus he asked.

“……But, Erika.”

Mari’s tone was slightly hesitant because she wasn’t sure whether to bring this up.

“Erika?”

On the other hand, Naotsugu’s voice was filled with a “completely unexpected” bewilderment.

“……Nao was gone for a long time last time, and don’t you usually train with Erika at home? Is it OK to ask you out today?”

At Mari’s comment, a gloomy expression mixed with traces of anger floated across Naotsugu’s face.

“Erika is currently training with one of her classmates as a sparring opponent. Apparently he’s quite the interesting fellow, and Erika seems quite happy.”

“Classmate? He?”

Mari’s slightly concerned question brought about quite a strong answer.

“Hm, just a friend, I believe.”

“…………”

Mari didn’t say anything. She just stared blankly at Naotsugu’s face.

Somewhat uneasy, Naotsugu pretended to cough.

“Nao?”

“Don’t worry about Erika right now. The important thing is that I want to be with Mari. So Mari, you really don’t have to worry so much.”

“D-Don’t say such e-embarrassing things!”

The offensive and defensive roles quickly reversed. The one who usually retorted at others was often susceptible to the same tactics. Mari, who had relentlessly tried to throw Tatsuya off balance by joking him up until she resigned as Chair of the Public Moral Committee, was sunk by one earnest comment from Naotsugu.

Naotsugu was finally able to breathe a sigh a relief at disarming his lover’s suspicions, but his relaxed nerves quickly tightened with anxiety.

That was because the alarm rang out.

“Nao!”

Mari’s expression tightened despite how she was wavering a moment ago and looked towards Naotsugu.

“That’s no fire alarm, that’s the riot alarm!”

The riot alarm was designed to prevent innocent bystanders from being dragged into criminal incidents, but also served as a signal that called for assistance in restoring order.

“It’s on the fourth floor!”

Naotsugu looked at the monitor on the wall that displayed the alarm details.

“The fourth floor?”

“Is it the same floor that Mari’s kouhai is in?”

Mari’s solemn expression immediately conveyed to Naotsugu the severity of the situation.

“Let’s go!”

Nodding her head, Mari didn’t hesitate for a second after an incident broke out. In fact, it would be more appropriate to say that she was the one pulling Naotsugu up the stairs.



In the midst of the alarm, Lu Gonghu put his hands on the door handle leading to the sick room. He had already investigated the details of the room that his target was residing in. There was only one young girl inside. Lu Gonghu was confident that he could get rid of her before security showed up.

However, a shocked expression made its way across his face when he tried to pull the door handle only to find that the door was locked. According to his general knowledge, doors were usually opened during a fire alarm to help facilitate evacuation. Was there a malfunction in the lock? Lu considered this because he was unaware of the riot alarm.

There was a small time lag due to the cultural shock. Originally, Lu planned to destroy the lock and enter the room. Yet because of the alarm, he mistakenly believed that the lock would automatically disengage, hence his bewilderment when he found the door still locked. Although Lu immediately changed his mind and opted to destroy the lock, this sort of unexpected time loss was critical in his mission.

Just as he was about to twist the door handle open,

“Who are you!?”

Across from Lu’s position, someone called out to him.

Thanks to the Chiba Family’s special techniques, Naotsugu used personal acceleration magic to sprint to the fourth floor and ran across a young man several years older than himself trying to break the door lock.

On reflex, he called out “Who are you!?”, but just as he vocalized this, his memory had already supplied the answer.

This man surrounded by a terrifying aura that raised every hair on one’s back—

“The Devouring Tiger…… Lu Gonghu! Why are you here?!”

As a member of the Chiba Family who were the authorities in close-combat magic, Naotsugu was well aware of this man’s name and facial features. He was one of the top ten close combat specialists across the globe and was a close-combat Magician who hailed from the Great Asian Alliance. Due to the similarity in age, the debate regarding which one was stronger between him and Naotsugu continued to rage, but the majority believed that the more brutal one — Lu Gonghu with his terrifying “name” that caused people to cower in fear, was stronger than Naotsugu.

“Ghost of the Phantom Blade - Chiba Naotsugu.”

Facing this direction, a small sound passed across Lu Gonghu’s lips. “Ghost of the Phantom Blade” was undoubtedly Naotsugu’s original nickname.

The moment their eyes caught one another, a battle for supremacy began.



Naotsugu pulled out a 20 cm baton from his chest pocket. After pressing a button near one end, a 15 cm long blade slid out with a “clang”.

On the other side, Lu Gonghu only had his bare hands, but he fearlessly charged towards where Naotsugu stood with the short sword in his hand.

When their distance shrank to the length of a long sword, Naotsugu’s right hand scythed downwards.

The short sword was still out of range, but Lu Gonghu still raised his left hand over his head.

When the invisible line extending from the short sword intersected with the left hand, a furious “clang” rang out.

Weight-Type Magic “Pressure Slash”. This was a magic that used the metal coil that extended from the tip of the rod to form a thin repulsion field that sliced through anything it touched.

This was why Naotsugu was waving around a short sword out of the weapon’s range.

If Naotsugu’s technique rated as astounding, then Lu Gonghu’s ability to block an enemy blade with his bare hands was even more incredible.

Steel Qigong, so named by the users from Northern China that favored this technique, was developed from Qigong. Qigong was a physical ability rather than a magical one, but using Qigong to apply a layer of steel armor eventually became the magic now known as Steel Qigong. Lu Gonghu was the man responsible for bringing that to fruition.

After the repulsion field blade was blocked by the barrier surrounding the body, Naotsugu’s right hand continued to swing downwards. Once the magic was nullified, Pressure Slash became just an empty swing of the short sword, but Naotsugu managed to turn the downward swing into an upward slash when the blade reached waist height.

In order to defend against the attack, Lu Gonghu applied Steel Qigong on his right hand and blocked towards the right side of his hip. However, his right hand didn’t encounter any resistance as the repulsion field blade disappeared half way.

It wasn’t anything particularly special to halt an invoked magic before the spell reaches completion. In conflicts between magic combatants, in comparison to rejecting interference strength, using replicated magic on the Eidos to render previous magic impotent was absolutely integral to cooperative use of magic.

However, the difficulty was entirely different when suddenly applying another spell when invoking the previous one. If the Eidos is not altered in the beginning and just the Magic Sequence is utilized, once the Magic Sequence passes the gate — the connecting gate between the human mental landscape and the information dimension that resides between the lowest layer of consciousness and the top layer of subconsciousness — the Magic Sequence would dissipate into nothing. There would be no way to misdirect one’s opponent without any traces of magic invocation. In order to consciously halt magic in the middle, one needed to actually project a Magic Sequence the same way magic is invoked, then canceling the invocation before it finishes. Thus, switching consciousness and focus in an instant was absolutely integral.

Lu’s body was already ready to receive the incoming slash, but because the repulsion field blade suddenly disappeared he was off balance as his body tilted towards the right. Naotsugu seized this opportunity to once again deploy “Pressure Slash”. The invisible blade slashed down towards the right side of Lu’s neck.

Another “clang” sound went off, but there was no blood. At the last second, Lu used the Metal Bridge technique to drastically lean backwards and take this opportunity to twist his body to meet Naotsugu’s blow. Using his falling back as a fulcrum, he whirled and sent a flying kick at Naotsugu. Naotsugu was forced to leap back and Lu Gonghu took this opportunity to reset his balance.

There was no way their contest could start over from the beginning. During that exchange, it was obvious that Naotsugu could have clinched the advantage if he was able to take advantage of the timing. Naturally, Lu Gonghu wasn’t foolish enough to let his opponent dictate the pacing. After righting himself, he reached out with his right wrist and took large steps forward.





Naotsugu swung his short sword at Lu’s outstretched right wrist, but the 15 cm long blade was rejected by the spiraling forces swirling around the wrist. This was also a move from traditional Chinese martial arts, a magic technique that used the entire nervous system to create a spiraling force at the point of impact that served as both offense and defense called “Coiled Silk Force”.

Naotsugu’s body shook like a leaf caught in the river current after he sustained the force from the coiled nerves. In order to avoid Lu’s advance, Naotsugu was forced to leap backwards.

Naotsugu’s massive retreat caused Lu’s furiously advancing fingertips to miss their mark. However, Lu didn’t give Naotsugu any opportunity to reset his posture. Fist, palm, bear claw, the blows came flying forward intermixed with attacks with the elbow, shoulder, and even a tackle as a furious tide of attacks pressed Naotsugu relentlessly and completely denied him any opportunity to use Pressure Slash. Naotsugu was forced to retreat each time, but even so, none of Lu’s attacks managed to land on Naotsugu’s body. Although there was no trace of any emotion save for fighting intent on Lu’s face, internally he was starting to fret a little. He raised his attack speed, but at the same time, the offensive output of each of his blows shrank.

Finally, Naotsugu’s back was against a wall and he had nowhere left to run. Lu’s fists swung forward like a windmill. However, his right haymaker was blocked by Naotsugu’s right hand in the form of a karate chop. The short sword that was originally held in Naotsugu’s right hand had vanished. For the first time, turmoil warred across Lu’s face.

After nullifying the attack from Lu’s right hand, Naotsugu managed to divert Lu’s attack strength. Off balance, Lu’s body tilted forward. Meanwhile, the short sword originally in Naotsugu’s right hand materialized in his left hand.

Naotsugu’s sword wasn’t aimed at Lu’s exposed back of the head, but slashed towards the side of his waist. Tilting forward, Lu’s body was perfectly in line to receive the blade coming for his abdomen. Even at this disadvantage, Lu still tried his utmost to twist and avoid the blade going into his vitals. The short sword swept across Lu’s side and left a deep cut.

Inverted, Lu sent his feet kicking towards Naotsugu’s head. Naotsugu took one step back to avoid the blow. Following that Lu’s body flipped sideways instead of forward and his feet were pressed against the wall rather than the floor. In the next instant, he kicked off the wall and pounced ferociously towards Naotsugu.

The pair of outstretched hands were like the claws of a tiger, its strength in no way inferior to a feral beast and capable of shredding flesh and bone alike.

An overpowering sense of danger prompted Naotsugu to flee in spite of his terrible posture. Lu kept his leaping posture as he brushed past Naotsugu and landed two meters away. Landing with both hands on the ground, he quickly turned around and pounced on Naotsugu again. Despite Lu Gonghu’s injury, the ferocity and pressure of his attack seemed to be even stronger than prior to his injury. This time, it was Naotsugu’s turn to fret.

After the fourth charge, Lu Gonghu’s attack was interrupted by an attack from the flank. On reflex, he took evasive action.

Two burning blades came rushing towards Lu. Its true form was tightly compressed air caused by high temperature differences. Lu saw the opening between the two blades and dodged between them. Yet immediately afterward, the concentrated compressed air exploded in fury, striking Lu’s body from both sides with their combined explosion.

Lu grunted in pain and sprang towards the stairs at one end of the corridor. Naotsugu hurried in pursuit, but Lu’s figure had disappeared in the blink of an eye.



“Mari…… Thanks for the assistance.”

It was Mari’s magic that enabled Naotsugu to escape from harm, but this was not a premeditated attack. After seeing Naotsugu locked in combat with Lu, Mari immediately joined in the attack. The reason why Mari finally interposed in the conflict was because until now, the battle between Naotsugu and Lu was too intense and close to risk launching her attack.

“Nao…… You’re hurt……!?”

Although Naotsugu’s words were meant to comfort Mari as she came rushing forward — plainly, Mari didn’t even hear him — because her astonishment suffused her face. Before her eyes, Natosugu’s right hand was flushed into an angry red.

The outcome of Naotsugu and Lu’s battle could be deciphered from the pain each side suffered. When deflecting Lu’s attack, Naotsugu’s right hand also suffered considerable damage. Flank versus right hand, from a long term perspective Naotsugu had the upper hand, but if the battle was to be decided quickly, then Naotsugu would undoubtedly fall after losing his primary hand.

“Don’t worry, although I need to see a specialized doctor in the beginning, I can handle the rest. Fortunately, we’re currently in a hospital.”

“But you ship out tomorrow……”

“That’s OK. My superiors would understand. After all, this is a work related injury.”

Naotsugu’s tone was no different than normal, which allowed Mari to gradually relax. However, after shaking off her turmoil, her brain sprouted another question.

“That man…… Who was he? To be able to match Nao in close quarters.”

Naotsugu hesitated briefly, but still answered the question.

“That guy is called Lu Gonghu. A Magician from the Great Asian Alliance’s Special Ops.”

“Lu Gonghu…… So that’s him……”

Mari was long aware of Lu Gonghu’s name that was just as famous as Naotsugu’s own.

“Mari.”

Naotsugu suddenly grabbed Mari’s shoulders and turned her to face himself.

“Nao, why are you doing this all of a sudden?”

Shame faced, Mari turned aside.

“Mari.”

Nevertheless, after hearing Naotsugu call out her name again in a decisively odd tone, Mari turned back around.

“I must leave tomorrow. During this time, I am very worried since I won’t be by your side……”

“I understand, Nao. Then, is there anything you need to tell me?”

“Lu Gonghu saw your face before disappearing. He will definitely see you as an enemy.”

Mari nodded at Naotsugu’s words. Her eyes didn’t contain a hint of fear, which only deepened Naotsugu’s concern.

“That man is a barbaric Magician bearing the name ‘Devouring Tiger’. You saw his power today. During this time, please don’t be by yourself.”

Mari’s felt that Naotsugu’s words were an exaggeration, but she swallowed those words at the serious glint in Naotsugu’s eyes.



Lu Gonghu, who had been forced to retreat from his duel with Naotsugu at Mari’s interference, was currently sitting in the passenger seat of the luxury car that Zhou was driving.

“My apologies if I stole your thunder there.”

After leaving the gates of the hospital, Zhou struck up a conversation from the driver’s seat.

Lu said nothing as he kept his eyes forward.

Zhou kept going despite seeing that Lu’s attitude wasn’t very welcoming.

“Speaking of which, I am quite surprised that Master Lu was injured.”

Even though he was aware that the topic at hand was discussing his own mishap, Lu didn’t bat an eyelid.

“Did you use Earth Mover?”

The question he opened his mouth to ask was regarding the ability Zhou used to facilitate his escape.

“Surely you jest. Compared to Master Chen, my level is merely cheap parlor tricks and definitely unworthy of any notice.”

And so, Zhou smiled without a care as he responded to Lu’s accusation that he was hiding something up his sleeve.




After returning home from school, Tatsuya immediately walked towards the conference phone.

The first number he dialed was one he called earlier today.

“Hello.”

The voice came from a young woman (not a young girl) and used words that seemed two centuries out of date.

Not only the image, but even the volume quality had been boosted, but he could tell that the slightly murky image came from the phone on a mobile terminal.

“It’s Shiba.”

“Aya, it’s quite rare for you to call twice in one day.”

A clear, frank voice accompanied the image of a smiling woman wearing a suit like a young secretary from a large corporation that was displayed on the monitor.

She intentionally disguised herself inconspicuously, but her mundane cosmetics and ordinary wardrobe only served to intensify her moving features.

“My apologies, are you in the middle of a date?”

“Haha.”

Fujibayashi, wearing clothes that perfectly suited that sort of nightly encounters, let out a professional, dazzling smile.

“Alas, this is work. Besides, the Casanovas are only welcome at this time. Since there aren’t any good men around, oh wells.”

Her tone was quite different than usual, which implied that she drank something containing alcohol. Of course, Tatsuya (on the other side) was never going to be caught dead saying something moronic like “you’re in the middle of drinking”.

Even though cars were now controlled by the central control system in the city proper, drinking and driving was still a punishable crime. To be precise, sitting in the driver’s seat after imbibing constituted a crime. Social norms dictated that one must be able to maintain accurate judgment and normal mobility while operating a motor vehicle.

On the other hand, Fujibayashi’s work wouldn’t involve a normal car. As usual, she would be driving her modified car with boosted intelligence gathering functions. So, she was on her own car and was drunk. In other words, someone else besides Fujibayashi was currently in the driver’s seat.

“Ah~…… I wonder where there’s another handsome man like Tatsuya-kun.”

Maybe she realized that Tatsuya was thinking about pointless things, Fujibayashi started flirting with Tatsuya in a sultry tone. Even after she spoke, she mischievously sent amorous gazes at Tatsuya.

“Is that so. I actually had a few things I wanted to talk about, so I guess I’ll call back tomorrow.”

Tatsuya only said this because he was absolutely certain that Fujibayashi was joking around with him. On the other side of the screen, Fujibayashi’s coquettish expression was exchanged with an elated smile.

“How calm of you…… Well, that makes you worthy of the title ‘man with most free time’.”

“Somehow I feel that calling me the one with the most free time seems a little overboard…… By the way,”

“Relax, I’m alone right now.”

Fujibayashi cut off Tatsuya before he could signify that he was concerned about information security.

“So, you can say anything you want.”

Then, she urged Tatsuya to cut to the chase.

“Thank you.”

Even Tatsuya, who was a proponent of sticking to his own guns, would be pulled along at another’s pace if his opponent was Fujibayashi.

Tatsuya waved the white flag at someone who seemed to be able to switch between expressions like an actress before cutting to the heart of the matter.

“Actually, there was a burglary on campus today.”

“Burglary? You mean the incident you mentioned this morning? They actually went through with it?”

“Yes, and they used sleeping gas as well.”

On the other side of the screen, Fujibayashi wore an astounded expression that said “So they actually dared”.

“Fortunately, it ended in an attempt.”

“Sorry, I know we’ve restricted your side on our end……”

“This result isn’t entirely because of my duty to the military.”

Fujibayashi bowed her head in apology because Tatsuya was restricted to certain magics because of classified military secrets, so Fujibayashi was apologizing because Tatsuya had to unnecessarily go the extra mile.

Even if Fujibayashi’s words were true and Tatsuya’s words were only an excuse, repeating them was necessary to grease the wheels of this conversation.

Neither the apologizing side nor the receiving side truly meant what they said.

“I have a video recording at the scene of the attempted robbery.”

“Eh…… How did you manage that?”

When planning to steal information, cutting the video feeds was the basic of the basics. Also, there was no way he could be just sitting in that room waiting for the crime to occur.

“It was recorded by an independently running robot.”

“Oh, the 3H, so you have that kind of interests.”

“Negative, the location is the room belonging to the Robot Research Club and the 3H was an accessory within.”

Since the 3H boasted refined features, some people believed that individuals who utilized the 3H had a certain sort of fetish.

Knowing this, Tatsuya tried to use “independently running robot” to muddle through, but it looked like that didn’t work on Fujibayashi.

“That recording,”

There was no way Tatsuya could clear his name if it got stuck here, so he forcibly moved the conversation forward.

“I managed to save it, so can you investigate?”

“What did you get?”

Honestly answering at this point was likely one of positive sides of Fujiybayashi’s personality.

Although this degree of interaction was normal, there was still an equivalent rating system. At any rate, in Tatsuya’s social circle, this was already a “pleasant personality”.

“The tool used during the attempted robbery includes the logo for the CAD containing the hacking processes.”

“I see. Tatsuya-kun, looks like you’ve got the fox by the tail.”

“That would be an exaggeration, but that would be the gist of it.”

“No worries.”

At Tatsuya’s expressionless face, Fujibayashi intentionally replied with a robust voice. Truly a pleasant personality, indeed.

“The captain said it’s about time to get started, so we’ve already been keeping tabs on logos. We should be able to narrow it down in the next day or two, so just sit tight and wait for the good news.”

Mysteriously, Fujibayashi made this prediction.

Nothing more needed to be said after Tatsuya thanked her. Afterwards, he passed the data to Fujibayashi’s terminal.




After finishing the call with Tatsuya, Fujibayashi let Inspector Chiba Toshikazu and his sergeant back onto the car. —Although she did drink wine, Fujibayashi was still sitting in the driver’s seat, which more or less coincided with Tatsuya’s estimation. Anyway, Fujibayashi was one of the individuals in the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion that fell outside the norm.

Still, from Toshikazu’s perspective, this movement was filled with an interesting aura. In order to continue the case where the trail had gone cold, he wanted to purchase information from the intelligence vendor who knew everything across the world, “the owner of Rotbart”.

This was why he was acting in concert with the beautiful young woman he ran across in the Cafe Rotbart.

He originally wanted to borrow her strength, but now it looked like he was doing volunteer work. Even though he privately asked himself “How did it get to this?”, he still hadn’t arrived at a satisfactory answer. Earlier, he had believed that he was immune to her womanly charms, but upon repeated reflection, he was no longer so confident in himself.

“My apologies, Mr. Chiba, that was a private call.”

“No, that’s quite alright.”

Toshikazu was wearing a high-class casual suit that matched Fujibayashi very well, though the fact that policemen still received a paltry pay from past to present was a headache for many people. However, from his perspective, he received an extra stipend from his family in addition to his policeman’s wage, so his wallet was considerably more corpulent.

“So, what clues did your private informer give you?”

In order to avoid breaking the relaxed atmosphere, Toshikazu stepped lightly into the issue. In response, Fujibayashi’s face lighted up with a delighted smile the same way she smiled at Tatsuya earlier.

Emphatic men were always welcome. Fujibayashi was highly irritated by slow-witted opponents, so she appeared to think highly of Toshikazu’s quick wit.

“A poor mouse that was used by the fox, as well as the picture of the tail lent to the mouse.”

“……So it’s a recording of the collaborator and the hacking tool?”

At Inspector Chiba’s somewhat bewildered guess, Fujibayashi smiled and said “Correct” as she nodded.

“Inspector, do you know the first step to hunting foxes?”

Afterward, she watched the man in the passenger’s seat with serious eyes.

“I don’t know…… Unfortunately, although I carry a gun…… I’ve never been a hunter.”

Unable to keep up with the swift change in topic, the young inspector was unable to fluidly answer the question. The smile that masked his identity as an elite lieutenant fell away as he murmured with a solemn expression.

“Hunting foxes starts with finding the foxhole. Once the den has been destroyed, the hounds can be let loose to shoo the fox from the bushes.”

“……So we should look for the den?”

“I’ll leave the recording of the high school collaborator to you. Start by investigating this person’s movements through the street cameras. If there was hardware that cannot be obtained normally, then it would mean that the student must have made contact somewhere.”

Investigating the camera recordings without a warrant was unquestionably illegal. In addition, since the target was an adolescent, a search warrant wouldn’t be granted easily. Still, Toshikazu had another question in mind.

“Compared to location, how long will we have to look? It would not be an exaggeration to say that there are nearly unlimited locations for one person to visit within a short one to two months. Trying to find a suspicious contact within this time frame is……”

“There are 32 locations within Tokyo proper. Among these locations, pick out the locations where the collaborator has visited in the past month.”

Fujibayashi’s answer nearly forced Toshikazu’s mouth to drop open in shock.

“……Thirty two locations…… You’ve already narrowed it down so much.”

“That’s because the inspector isn’t aware of data for other collaborators. While you’re still thinking ‘Wow, now I’m going to be busy’ and are at your wit’s end, we got our hands on additional information.”

“……Other collaborators? Why wasn’t the police informed?”

“Naturally, that’s because the other collaborator is a girl.”

Toshikazu was struck speechless at this concise answer.

“I cannot leave a girl with her future ahead of her on the police’s blacklist.”

“……So it’s OK if it’s a boy?”

“That’s their own responsibility.”

Toshikazu had no words for Fujibayashi’s declaration.

“I believe in a patriarchal ideology, so I believe that men are supposed to work harder than women. Thus, men must learn to discipline themselves and take responsibility for their own actions.”

At Fujibayashi suddenly using these archaic principles to stuff the conversation, Toshikazu could only continue to stare at her for a long time.




It was already the second day when the wounded tiger returned to its lair after being wounded against the foxes. (Of course, they believed themselves to be the hunter.)

Seeing Lu’s injury, surprise flooded Chen’s face, but he didn’t ask how the man suffered his injuries. He had already made his report on the mission. Before returning, Lu proposed another surprise attack, but Chen rejected that approach. Lu was supposed to be responsible for the failed assassination attempt on Hirakawa Chiaki, but Chen chose not to do so. The cause of the failure and especially Zhou’s activities during this time weighed heavily on Chen’s mind. They might fall into Zhou’s snare if he prosecuted Lu’s responsibility now. In addition……

“The situation has changed!”

Another emergency had occurred. In order to handle this situation, Lu’s strength was imperative.

“Our allied collaborator, Sekimoto Isao’s mission in First High has ended in failure. He has been arrested and is now being held in the Hachiōji Special Detention Center.”

Forget the hospital, there was no way to breach a special detention facility designed to hold (or protect) magical adolescents without serious firepower. Additionally, Sekimoto had personally made contact with Chen and company, so he naturally stood at a higher priority than Chiaki, who only met through Zhou.

“Set aside Hirakawa Chiaki’s mission for now. Concentrate on eliminating Sekimoto first.”

“Yes, sir.”

Although the mission difficulty had spiked several levels, Lu still blandly accepted his orders. It was impossible to tell from his expression that he had been injured.




Monday.

While waiting for Miyuki to descend from the bus, Tatsuya found a pair of classmates sitting together in the back.

They must have felt his gaze. The man and woman sitting next to one another both formed an “Ah” with their mouths.

“Onii-sama, did you find something interesting?”

Gracefully descending from the bus, Miyuki asked when she noticed her brother’s expression. Upon following the direction of her brother’s gaze, she covered her mouth with one hand with an “Ah!”.

Before the siblings’ gaze and across the windows for two rows of seats, Erika and Leo stiffly smiled back in welcome.



Today, there were four companions going to school together from the station. Although it was rare that all eight of them were together, it was equally infrequent for four people to be together.

The reason for this was obvious.

“……Hey, why are you guys so early today.”

Leo asked in displeasure.

However, although Leo appeared to be venting his ire, Tatsuya wasn’t someone who walked on egg shells in fear of others.

“Since there’s only one week left until the competition, there are all sorts of arrangements starting from the morning.”

Right now, they were an hour earlier than usual.

“Leo too, why are you here so early?”

Tatsuya had a legitimate reason in next Sunday’s Thesis Competition. Objectively speaking, it was more perplexing for Leo to show up at this time than Tatsuya.

“Erika seemed to have gotten up really early today too?”

Tatsuya wanted to continue asking Leo, who seemed to be at a loss for words, but Miyuki beat him to the punch and asked Erika instead.

“……I usually get up really early.”

Erika’s answer seemed a little guilty as she replied back to Miyuki’s innocent, refreshing smile with her pace noticeably picking up towards school.

“Is that so? So that’s why Saijou-kun got up so early today.”

Still, hearing Miyuki murmuring to herself, Erika finally stopped in her tracks. There was no way she would be able to stand aside and let a comment like that pass by.

“Hold on, Miyuki! If you say it like that, doesn’t that sound like I get up every morning to wake this guy up?”

“Yeah! Seriously, I should be the one who got up earlier!”

Yet, Erika’s counterattack was horribly derailed by Leo.

“…………”

“…………”

“…………”

Erika, Tatsuya, and Miyuki wordlessly glared at Leo. (To be precise, only Erika was glaring, the other two wore innocent expressions)

“……Eh? What’s with this mood?”

Leo was the only one who could not comprehend the situation (that he caused).

“……Why isn’t anyone saying anything?”

Although Erika’s tone remained biting, her face was completely flushed and tears appeared in her eyes.

“Oh well…… The early bird gets the worm.”

Tatsuya was no scoundrel, so there was no need to continue asking at this stage.

In truth, Tatsuya wasn’t very capable at changing the conversation.

By his side, Miyuki’s bewildered smile and Leo’s confused tilt of the head were, on some level, a perfect comparison.



Tatsuya arrived at the classroom just before class to find Mizuki frantically trying to comfort the sulking Erika in the room.

“Ah, Tatsuya.”

The one who struck up a conversation was Mikihiko.

As usual, Leo sat with his back to him and a scowl on his face.

Mizuki must have stepped on a landmine, with Mikihiko pouring oil on the fire.

Tatsuya immediately grasped the situation.

“Erika, it’s about time to let it go.”

Tatsuya said as he brought up the soft drink can and lightly tapped Erika’s face.

“Ah!?”

Erika jumped out of her seat in surprise.

“What are you doing?”

“Catch.”

Tatsuya put the can of cola into the hands of Erika, who was 50% more aggressive than usual.

“Hot.”

Erika said this in an odd tone like someone catching a hot potato while directing a confused look at Tatsuya.

“Drink something sweet to change the mood.”

“……Hmph, don’t think you can get back into my good graces with this.”

Erika said this as she popped the cap, though her face had relaxed somewhat. Tatsuya’s smile reached her eyes.

“……What?”

Upon seeing Tatsuya’s expression, Erika was forced to ask. Still, though there was still some resentment, her overall tone had softened.

“You borrowed the Chiba Family’s power to train Leo and teach him new magic, right? I didn’t intend to tease you guys, so relax.”

These words were originally intended to soothe Erika, but they brought an entirely unexpected result. Pure astonishment suffused Erika’s face.

“……Is Tatsuya-kun really clairvoyant?”

“No, I am not clairvoyant. I speculated that was the case after gauging Leo’s energy consumption and, in conjunction, the fluidity of his magic.”

The magic that Tatsuya spoke of was something that combined psion fluidity and phenomenon rewriting in order to invoke magic.

Fluidity of psions impacted Magic Sequence construction speed, precision, and scale. Yet, just this alone was unable to affect the Eidos. All of these had to be combined with the power to rewrite phenomena in order to constitute magic.

“No, energy this and magic that, you said it so naturally…… No, at this point.”

Magicians were adept at perceiving psions and judging interference strength. However, Erika was getting tired of being constantly surprised by the depth of Tatsuya’s knowledge. —Speaking of getting tired, Erika definitely wasn’t the only one.

“Now that you mention it, Tatsuya, how bad was it yesterday?”

Seeing the storm pass, Mikihiko spoke with a much more relaxed expression on his face.

“Yesterday? Ah…… The news spread quite quickly.”

Tatsuya paused for a moment not because he was playing dumb.

Regardless of whether it was Hirakawa Chiaki or Sekimoto Isao, he had handled both incidents yesterday, so it was hard to use “how bad” to describe them.

Given that Fujibayashi said “one or two days”, the hackers would be captured today or tomorrow. This was as good as a fact for Tatsuya.

The Electron Sorceress — “Electric Witch”.

Fujibayashi Kyouko’s two titles not only signified her talent in electronic interference magic as a Magician, but also her ability to see information gathering on the Net as child’s play.

Compared to manipulating the phenomena of the world, she was more adept at altering information on the network.

Just as Tatsuya could read the information that was written into an item in the past, so too could Fujibayashi Kyouko retrieve and reconstruct information that had been copied over from magnetic and optic memory units. And, unlike Tatsuya, she had no time restriction. In place of that, she had a limit where she couldn’t retrieve the data if it had been physically deleted, but in an age where computers had linked the entire globe, completely eradicating data that had been recorded was practically impossible.

In other words, for her, so long as any trace of the electronic signal remained, she would be able to find it no matter where it hid.

Fujibayashi was the one who taught Tatsuya how to work the network, but in this field he had no chance of catching her in this lifetime. In Tatsuya’s estimation, there were only a handful of network specialists who could rival her ability.

“Ah, the perpetrator has already been arrested, so there’s nothing to worry about.”

Hence Tatsuya answered Mikihiko in this manner.

Still, Erika and Mikihiko were unable to relax because they remained in the dark regarding Fujibayashi’s movements.

“Just because we caught the perpetrator red-handed doesn’t mean we’re in the clear.”

Erika said.

“This doesn’t sound like a solo act, maybe there’s some sort of organization behind this……”

Mikihiko also had similar concerns.

“How about we go interrogate him?”

Then, Leo abandoned his role of quietly listening to everyone and interjected with his normal overly optimistic tone.

It wasn’t that simple. Setting Chiaki aside, Sekimoto was in the special detention facility. Nonetheless, this time Leo’s comment didn’t invite the usual retorts and backlash.

“You’re right…… We should seriously pursue the individual’s responsibility.”

Even Erika, the one who usually retorted the most, expressed her complete assent.

“Really? But Erika-chan, Sekimoto-senpai is currently at……”

“He’s probably held at the special detention facility. We can’t just simply walk in there and meet him.”

Mizuki’s hesitant words were quickly supplemented by Erika’s own. Of course, she wasn’t going to change her mind simply because Mizuki was against it.

“It’s not that we’re completely out of ideas. Barring further options, we could just sneak in.”

“Hey~ Hey~.”

Hearing this, Tatsuya finally couldn’t hold back any longer.

“Even if we don’t do that, we can see him so long as we have a permission slip from the school. Currently, Sekimoto-senpai is still a student at First High.”

Accidents were unavoidable during the course of magic training. Every year, several magic high school students would withdraw from school owing to accidents in training that led to the complete loss of magic. In a similar vein, so long as the perpetrator did not commit a heinous crime, expulsion was not a punishment granted often. While the crime Sekimoto committed was malicious in nature, it still remained at the attempted phase. Thus, Sekimoto’s punishment was dependent on how repentant he was. Parole officers keep members of society with unique skills in the special detention centers to evaluate their progress, but students are still able to visit them.

“Eh~.”

There was no way Erika was ignorant of this.

“That permission slip rests in the hands of the Public Moral Committee, I believe.”

It was because Erika didn’t want to use the legal methods that she proposed an alternate method that smacked of criminal activity.

“Regardless of how you put it, it’s easier than trying to sneak into the detention facility.”

However, Tatsuya frankly vetoed Erika’s proposal.



Thus, after school in the Public Moral Committee HQ.

“No.”

Kanon simply and clearly rejected the proposal to visit Sekimoto.

“……Can you give a reason?”

Since Kanon’s reply was too concise, Tatsuya wasn’t even sure where to begin.

“No is no.”

Kanon stubbornly stuck with the word “No”. Maybe this was her being emotional, but she appeared to be afraid that if they got into a debate she would be persuaded in the end.

“What I want to know is, why not? The permission slips for visiting the detention center are evaluated by the Chair of the Public Moral Committee or Student Council President, but the ultimate decision rests with the school. There’s hardly any persuasive strength in just handing down a unilateral no.”

Hearing Tatsuya’s reply, Kanon furrowed her brows, a clear sign of her irritation. Her chilly attitude until this moment was blatant enough to cause people to wonder “if something had ticked her off” or some other ulterior reason. Yet, she couldn’t just simply back down before Tatsuya, so Kanon’s strategy seemed doomed from the onset.

“……Because this is going to be very troublesome.”

Seeing no possible way to continue, Kanon reluctantly replied.

“Based on what…… First, what would be troublesome?”

Of course, this excuse wouldn’t fly with Tatsuya. It was only natural that he would ask Kanon.

“Can you guarantee that nothing will happen with you guys just running around!?”

For some reason, Kanon’s reply was a shrill question of its own.

“Seeing as you guys are all ignorant, allow me to put it bluntly! Shiba-kun, this sort of trouble always appears in your surroundings, yet you are either unaware or believe that you are blameless, but trouble still finds you on its own. With how busy we are right now, please stop creating trouble for everyone right now!”

Despite the stretch in logic, Kanon’s words bore an indomitable force. —Also, Tatsuya was aware that Kanon’s words weren’t entirely wrong.

“Kanon, saying that about Tatsuya is going too far.”

At this time, Mari, who had rarely popped into HQ due to her hectic schedule, arrived to break up the dispute.

“At any rate, Tatsuya-kun is still involved with the issue at hand. It stands to reason that he would want to understand the comings and goings.”

“But, Mari-senpai.”

“Well, OK, Kanon, it’s not like I don’t understand what you’re driving at.”

Do you really understand? Tatsuya thought. Nonetheless, since Mari was helping him out, he wasn’t going to actually complain.

“Fortunately, Mayumi and I planned to visit Sekimoto tomorrow, so we can have him accompany us.”

“Well…… If it’s with Mari-senpai.”

Looks like Kanon isn’t someone that is overly stubborn as she reluctantly agreed with Mari’s proposal.

“Is that OK, Tatsuya-kun? Coming along with your senpais, that is.”

Truth be told, he wasn’t satisfied completely, but seeing as this was Kanon more or less backing down, Tatsuya expressed his agreement in the end.




In a room with no windows, Chiaki sighed.

Honestly, she was quite bored.

Despite her status as an invalid, she wasn’t injured. No, though she did suffer injury, it wasn’t to the extent that warranted a stay in the hospital. Within the extent of her own feelings, she didn’t feel that she was injured to the point that required bed rest.

She was stuck in this sickroom not because she was injured or ill, but for other reasons.

For her, this was like a luxurious prison.

Of course, she knew that her presence here was entirely her fault, hence she didn’t complain about her loss of freedom. But this was simply too boring. Naturally, she wasn’t demanding television, wireless terminals, models or other luxury items, even unconnected cheap e-books would do. Even if entertainment was out of the question, even physical activity would do. Anyway, she couldn’t just sit here doing nothing.

Earlier, about two hours ago, the nurse who checked in on her said “visiting hours are canceled today”. Supposedly, this was because someone attempted to break in yesterday. Likewise, it wasn’t the fire alarm but the riot alarm linked to the police that rang out yesterday, so it must have happened.

Regardless, it wasn’t like anyone was going to visit her — her older sister must hate her because of this — so canceling visiting hours didn’t affect her much, so there was no need to worry. In reality, Chiaki surmised that the target of the “break-in” was herself because the door to this sickroom had been damaged. Obviously, she wasn’t asleep during that time, so she knew this even if she didn’t like it. In Chiaki’s eyes, “those guys” were trying to silence her. However, there was nothing she could do about that and Chiaki had already given up. She was only their collaborator and not one of their companions. Since Chiaki understood this, the other side must think so too. It was perfectly understandable that they would silence her in order to prevent a leak.

In truth, her mood had already reached a “do as you will” phase. Right now, she wasn’t even sure why she bore such intense enmity towards “that guy”. Maybe rotting away in this empty, white sickroom was the best ending for her, Chiaki ridiculed herself.

At this time, someone knocked on the door. In spite of Chiaki’s muddled state, she still had a grasp of her mental facilities. The afternoon check up was already over and she hadn’t pressed the button for a nurse. There shouldn’t be anyone coming to see her, and didn’t the nurse say today’s visiting hours were canceled?

The knocking continued despite her amazement, so Chiaki frantically — without thinking much — pressed the remote door control.

“How are you feeling? Miss Hirakawa?”

The one who came in was thoroughly unexpected — but she had a premonition, if someone was to come see her, it definitely would be this person.

“Mr. Zhou.”

Once, Chiaki was unable to keep watching her sister wallow away in pain and despair, thus forcing her to flee onto the streets one night. At that time, it was this person who comforted her with kind and gentle words. The person who told her that they shouldn’t have suffered like this and reinforced her dark thoughts. The person who prodded her to vengeance, not through murder, but to right a wrong. The person who allowed her to vent those pent up feelings. The person who gave her the tools of her vengeance.

The savior who saved Chiaki’s fragile heart stood before her with a bouquet of flowers in hand.

“Why…… did you come? Visiting hours are canceled today……”

Gifts were no longer necessary, as there were a mountain of things she needed to apologize for. Chiaki utterly loathed how she was bound by these tedious emotions. Especially after saying those words, she wished she could slap herself.

“I used a few tricks.”

Saying this, Zhou winked in a childish fashion, but his action wasn’t particularly irritating.

“Tricks…… As in magic?”

“No, no, it’s a little different than magic.”

Based on her own understanding, Chiaki interpreted trick to mean magic.

Yet, Zhou shook his head at Chiaki’s question.

“Even without magic, humans are still able to pull off a few miracles. Well, calling it a miracle is a bit of a stretch.”

Zhou smiled once more and Chiaki finally managed to recover her wits (according to her).

“Then, Mr. Zhou, I…… You helped me so much, but I couldn’t do anything.”

Before Chiaki could get started with her apology, Zhou dropped the bouquet before her.

For some reason, the bouquet was filled with a mesmerizing beauty that managed to capture her attention with its brilliant luster.

“All of that is unimportant.”

Zhou’s voice seemed to come from far away.

Chiaki stared blankly at the bouquet and lent her ears to Zhou’s words.

“If you feel regret.”





Chiaki’s eyes were glazed.

“If you feel the burden is too heavy.”

Her consciousness was entirely dominated by Zhou’s voice.

“Then just forget about me.”

“Forget……?”

Chiaki involuntarily spoke these words; she wasn’t even aware what she was saying.

“Yes, just forget about me.”

“Forget…… Is it OK to forget……?”

Under Zhou’s guidance, Chiaki allowed herself to forget.

“Yes, all you have to do is forget.”

“Understood…… I will forget……”

Chiaki gave herself the order to forget.




October 25th, the Tuesday after school. Tatsuya, Mari, and Mayumi went to the Hachiōji Special Detention Center where Sekimoto was held. There were only five days until the Thesis Competition, so this was really the busiest last leg of the preparation phase, but since Tatsuya’s tasks were proceeding smoothly, he was able to spare two or three hours away from preparations.

In reality, Erika, Leo, and Mikihiko also wanted to tag along, but that was a little inconvenient for the upperclassmen. Mari only had reservations regarding Erika alone, but it was a little too challenging for innocent high school boys to associate with unfamiliar female upperclassmen. —Actually, the permission slip that Tatsuya handed in only had three spots anyway. Speaking of which, Miyuki was completely tied down with Student Council business, so she could only send the three of them off with an unsmiling “beautiful smile”.

While there were all sorts of procedures at the door, there wasn’t any hassle beyond the door. After handing them a LPS terminal as a guide, there wasn’t even a staff member to accompany them, which was most likely the result of Mayumi leaning on the “Saegusa” name. Of course, Tatsuya wasn’t certain of the veracity of that, nor did he wish to comprehend the reason behind their special treatment.

The room Sekimoto was held in wasn’t a “cell” and there wasn’t anything like metal windows or something like that. It was actually more like a second-class room in a hotel. Even then, there was a hidden room that could observe the contents of that room.

Mayumi and Tatsuya both entered the hidden room. Mari would be the only one to face off against Sekimoto. Although Mari was the one who proposed this arrangement, neither Mayumi nor Tatsuya voiced any disagreement. Tatsuya knew very well that even if Sekimoto proved to be violent, Mayumi was confident she could control him from the other room, although Sekimoto’s talent was but a tiny fraction of Mari’s own.

From the hidden room, they saw Sekimoto without any restrictive shackles. Of course, he was forbidden from leaving the room. Sitting obediently on the side of the bed, he was wearing simple clothes not out of place during a hospital check up. He probably had undergone a thorough full body search, so the chances he carried hidden weapons or a CAD was absolutely zero.

Under Tatsuya and Mayumi’s watchful gaze in the other room, the door leading to that room opened. Needless to say, this was Mari. Sekimoto, nonplussed at the opening door, revealed his astonishment at this. However, in the next instant, his eyes were wary and suspicious. Sekimoto detected a hint of danger when Mari appeared by herself.

“Watanabe…… Why are you here?”

Subconsciously, Sekimoto rubbed at his left wrist from his seat on the bed, probably involuntarily looking for his confiscated CAD. Although his voice did not waver, it was filled with a nameless dread.

“Obviously, I’m here to understand the situation.”

Likely due to his service as a Public Moral Committee member, Sekimoto knew what Mari was capable of. He must be downright terrified of Mari’s ruthlessness.

“So…… Even you can’t use magic here.”

Sekimoto’s accusation was correct. This was the place to detain adolescent Magicians who broke the law. Though there were no automatic anti-magic devices like “Cast Jamming” installed here, there were still devices that could detect magic invocation. Once magic usage was confirmed, disarming gas would be released along with rubber bullets from machine guns, followed by security bursting in wearing full protective gear.

“Is that so?”

—On the condition that the surveillance system was working properly.

Sekimoto finally comprehended the reason why Mari couldn’t help but smile.

“We don’t have much time. Just tell me the important details.”

Seeing Mari’s teasing grin (in Sekimoto’s eyes), Sekimoto frantically stopped breathing. —But it was already too late, halting his breathing was insufficient to avoid magic.

Sekimoto’s consciousness suddenly dipped into the fog. He wasn’t even aware that he had succumbed to Mari’s attack before starting to answer Mari’s question.

“Is she using scents to control his mind?”

Tatsuya was perfectly clear on what Mari did after watching from the hidden room.

She was using various scents to directly provoke emotions and memory. This theory had already been medically proven in the previous century. Commercial aromatherapy relied on the powerful effects on emotions caused by smells.

Using the ventilation system, Mari sent perfume wafting through the nose into the olfactory cells, hereby combining a scent that lowered mental resistance and another which controlled the consciousness to create a literal truth serum.

“Tatsuya-kun, is this the first time you’ve seen this?”

Mayumi was not surprised that Tatsuya could see through Mari’s technique. Taking Tatsuya’s diverse knowledge in magic, Mayumi felt that this was perfectly natural. She was likely more amazed that he had served in the Public Moral Committee for half a year and had never witnessed Mari used this technique.

“This is truly the first time. Wouldn’t blatantly using this sort of magic land her in a heap of trouble?”

Mayumi nodded at Tatsuya’s words. “Just as you say.” Magic usage has been heavily restricted by the law, not to mention this sort of brainwashing ability. If used recklessly surely this would come under fire from “collective reasoning” and “civic duty”.

Despite his ongoing conversation with Mayumi, Tatsuya never lost sight of Sekimoto’s “confession” for a second. What aroused his interest was Sekimoto confessing that “after obtaining the data from the presentation device, he planned to investigate Shiba’s private possessions”. When Mari asked for why, Sekimoto answered with “the Magatama relic”.

“……Tatsuya-kun, do you have something like that?”

Mayumi asked him with wide eyes.

“No, I do not have such a thing.”

While Mayumi’s question hinted at all sorts of underlying questions, honestly answering the question would only create more problems for Tatsuya.

“But……”

“Probably because recently I was researching things related to the ‘Philosopher’s Stone’. Maybe this is where he got mixed up?”

Mayumi also knew that he did use this excuse a few days before the election for the Student Council President, hence she didn’t pursue the issue. Still, this wasn’t because she entirely believed Tatsuya’s words, but more because this wasn’t the right time to do so.

Just as Tatsuya was let off from this easily debunked lie, the alarm sounded for the Hachiōji Special Detention Facility rang out.



The reactions from all three of them upon hearing the alarm were incredibly swift. After pressing the still befuddled Sekimoto down onto the bed (not to let him rest), Mari charged out of the room. At the same time, Tatsuya and Mayumi also exited from their chamber.

“Looks like we have illegal intruders.”

Mari’s voice trembled slightly in surprise. Thanks to the assault on the hospital affiliated with the magic university yesterday, the police in western Tokyo were on high alert. Although the mobile defense force (National Guard) that were the highest form of security hadn’t been mobilized, the number of patrols today had increased by fifty percent. Likewise, this Hachiōji Special Detention Center was also twice as alert as usual. Only someone who truly had some skills or was a complete moron would charge in now. —Mari’s gut leaned towards the former.

“Tatsuya-kun, do you know where they are coming in from?”

Hearing Mayumi’s question, Tatsuya removed the LPS terminal and fiddled with it. The flip open display showed a 3D map for the evacuation route. They could estimate the intruder’s point of entry based on the route.

“They seem to have come in through the roof. They might have used a flier or a spring loaded mechanism. Currently they are near the east wing of the third floor.”

At Tatsuya’s words, Mayumi’s gaze drifted towards an unknown location. She had activated her Sensory Systematic Magic “Multi Scope” to its largest extent and looked in the direction Tatsuya indicated.

“……Found them. Nice work, Tatsuya-kun. There are four intruders, each armed with high power assault rifles.”

High power rifles were mandatory weapons against Magicians. The explosiveness and flying speed of their rounds were three to four times higher than normal rifles and could even penetrate defensive magic. The surplus in strength could only be produced by highly skillful manufacturing. There was no way the average gangster or terrorist could get their hands on one.

“Security is setting up a defense line near the platform of the stairs using the terrain.”

“The entrance to the corridor has been blocked by blast doors.”

As Mayumi was reporting the current situation, Tatsuya pulled up the 3D projection for the building map. The three of them were on the first floor in the central building. Although there was no cause for alarm based on the current situation……

“Their target is here.”

Half a beat after Tatsuya twisted his head to look towards the upper levels, Mari also watched the entrance warily.

“What? Ah!”

Mayumi had no idea what put the two of them on guard, but in the next instant.

Directly before their eyes, the figure of a large man appeared. He was taller than Tatsuya by a head and approached nearly 185 cm. His muscular physique didn’t betray a hint of sluggishness, like a large carnivore advancing forward. Still, the man appeared to be using some sort of technique, since his aura and appearance were both faint. Despite his appearance before them, he seemed to disappear if they stopped paying attention, so he must have arrived here using some sort of invisibility spell. Of course, Mari had a deep impression of this man.

“Lu Gonghu!”

Mayumi didn’t seem to comprehend Mari’s soft whisper, so her facial expression didn’t change much. On the other hand, Tatsuya kept a grim visage on his face. Although he had heard of this individual, after Mari calling out his name, this was the first time he had met the man face to face. —Of course, he was well aware of the man’s reputation.

Advancing forward, Lu’s eyes stopped on Tatsuya and company. Specifically, his eyes rested on Mari.

“I believe we should be beating a retreat at this time, but looks like it’s too late for that.”

Tatsuya said in a light tone as he stepped in front of the other two.

As he prepared to walk towards Lu, Mari grabbed his shoulders.

“I’ll take him on. Tatsuya, you protect Mayumi.”

From Tatsuya’s perspective, this was a ridiculous arrangement. True, Mari boasted first class magic combat ability as a Year 3 magic high school student. However, Lu Gonghu’s close combat magic level was “beyond first class”. She had no chance of victory in a head to head confrontation. Their chances of victory were definitely higher if a “regular” like himself took the field.

“Mari, be careful.”

Unexpectedly, Mayumi voiced her support for Mari’s tactical assessment. Still, this wasn’t the time to continue this conversation, so Tatsuya obeyed.

“I know he’s no small fry.”

Mari stretched her left hand slightly forward and, as if to pat her dress, swatted downwards before raising her hand again. With a sound, the normally straight pleat dress made from ultra thin fabric was massively raised, revealing a pair of tights that outlined delicious curves along with the leather holder along one thigh. A 20 cm long rod was removed from this leather holder.

The hem of her dress fell back down to obscure Mari’s pair of mesmerizing legs. Maybe he had been caught up by the sight, but Lu didn’t fall into a combat stance until Mari raised her left hand.

Lu Gonghu tilted his upper body forward with both hands dangling in front of him. His fingers were slightly curved, giving his body the impression that it was ready to pounce at any given moment.

Yet, the first to act here was neither Mari nor Lu Gonghu, but Mayumi standing off to one side.

The instant mist seemed to cover the walls to the left and right and the ceiling, countless white pellets swarmed towards Lu Gonghu. Lu Gonghu pounced forward, but over half of the ice pellets still struck his body.

However, Lu was not harmed by this barrage. His entire body was covered by Steel Qigong and managed to repel the incoming ice pellets. His momentum didn’t decrease in the slightest as he charged towards Mari. Mari raised her 20 cm blade to meet him.

A dull metallic sound rang out as Mari stopped Lu’s outstretched right arm. Afterwards, Lu’s head massively tilted backwards as a 20 cm edged leaflet sheared by his face. The weapons in Mari’s hand included a 20 cm long handle, two 20 cm long short blades, and another small short blade attached to a string.

At this time, Mayumi’s second attack descended. Lu leaped backwards to a safe distance. His instincts were correct. The floor and neighboring wall where he just stood were peppered with numerous pellet marks. Mayumi’s second attack was harder and even more precise than the first one, with superior speed and penetrating power.

For the first time, a human expression came across Lu’s face, an expression called mystification. He knew that he wasn’t at full power due to the injury in his side. Still, that a few students, and female high school students at that, were able to hold him off rather begged disbelief. Nonetheless, Lu’s bewilderment only lasted a second. He canceled the magic that suppressed his aura and focused entirely on the battle at hand.

Lu erected several layers of psion information bodies around his entire body. Tatsuya could see that both his layers of information bodies and physical barrier magic were of the same nature. Earlier, his entire skin was covered by a high density of psions, which was the same as fortifying the Eidos of the skin. However, now he switched over to barrier magic. After Mayumi released her third shot, this attack was blocked by Lu’s physical barrier. Afterwards, he closed in on Mari with lightning speed, to which Mari raised her dual-edged blades to counter, but it didn’t seem likely that she could hold him with that pair of blades against the strength of that barrier magic.

At the point of impact with Mari, Lu’s figure disappeared.

Mari frantically pivoted to the right, an action that was entirely based on her instinct, but fortunately this was the right choice.

Unfortunately, she wasn’t going to make it in time.

Lu Gonghu had passed by Mari’s short sword and got behind her.

Mari mentally called out “Mayumi!”, but there was no time for her to actually verbalize this.

Just as Lu came face to face with Tatsuya, who was standing directly in front of Mayumi — a storm of psions devoured him.

Gram Demolition.

Seeing that Lu Gonghu had transferred his Data Fortification magic to a physical barrier, Tatsuya used a continuous stream of compressed psion particles to shred Lu’s armor.

Lu’s eyes were filled with shock.

Now, Mayumi’s shooting magic activated once more.

Lu’s reaction sustained his high reputation as “beyond first class”.

He swiftly recovered from the shock that came from the destruction of his barrier Steel Qigong, and immediately erected Steel Qigong for Data Fortification. However, while Mayumi lowered the number of shots, she had raised the strength of each shot accordingly. Now, Lu Gonghu’s hastily erected Steel Qigong was no longer able to completely deflect Mayumi’s shooting magic.

Taking hits from the pellets, Lu was forced to halt his footsteps due to the impact from the large number of psions disrupting his senses. Now, even Mari was closing in from behind.

The twin blades in her left hand released a small short blade that flew towards Lu’s head.

Mari’s right hand suddenly hurtled some sort of black dust towards Lu Gonghu.

Lu immediately covered his eyes and ears.

The black dust seemed to cover his head and quickly dissipated after emitting a faint light.

Lu’s large frame started to rock back and forth. Under the effect of Mari’s Absorption-Type Magic, the rapidly “burning” carbon particles were restricted from interacting with heat and light, but quickly interacted with oxygen. The result was that much of the oxygen was converted into carbon dioxide. In a flash, the air became thin around Lu Gonghu’s position.

Mari wielded the thin string in her left hand like a weapon. Along the direction of the swing, the string emitted the repulsion edge “Pressure Slash”. Also, there was more than one. The twin blades falling upon the head also emitted “Pressure Slash” along the edges of the blades. The thin string in Mari’s hand had exceeded the speed of her twin blades thanks to the application of Gravity-Type acceleration magic. Even Tatsuya wouldn’t be able to dodge all three attacks at the same time, and the “Devouring Tiger” Lu Gonghu was no exception. Although Lu managed to evade the repulsion blade in Mari’s hand, the other two struck him in the shoulder and back. Even with Steel Qigong sustaining him, he was in a state of oxygen deprivation after sustaining Mayumi’s magic shooting, and the barrier wasn’t operating at full strength. Thus, the two blades landed direct hits to his body. Although he was able to avoid major bone fractures, the blades still sank into his flesh, leaving two long cuts. Under the impact of Mari’s direct attacks, Lu keeled over.



Cavalry was a role that always arrived late to the party. Only in movies do they appear in the nick of time.

Thus, reinforcements from security only arrived after Lu had been subdued. The four security officers beheld the scene where a young man was knocked down by twin blades and revealed astonished expressions, but upon closer examination of the uniforms the three students wore, they quickly bound Lu Gonghu tightly. Chances were high that these people knew of Mayumi as well.

Running counter to Tatsuya’s estimation, they were not questioned by the authorities. Again, this might have been caused by the power coming from the name “Saegusa”, though Tatsuya wasn’t going to complain. He was already incredibly thankful that he didn’t have to waste any more time, a thought that Mayumi and Mari must also share. By the time the three of them were conversing, they had already left the premises.



After leaving through the front door of the detention center, Mari somewhat hesitantly approached Tatsuya.

“Tatsuya-kun, uh, although you may know now, but please don’t speak of what you just saw.”

Naturally, Tatsuya had no way of making heads or tails of what she meant with just those words.

“In regards to not speaking of this, are you referring to senpai’s weapon? Or the fact that senpai can wield ‘dojigiri’?”

Tatsuya asked this to verify the conversation topic, but when Mayumi and Mari heard his question, they both sighed in unison.

“So you really do know about it……”

“Tatsuya-kun, so you are omniscient after all……”

Based on the ladies’ indecisive appearance, Tatsuya inferred that they must be talking about the “Dojigiri”.

“It’s not that I know everything…… Isn’t the Genji ‘dojigiri’ quite famous?”

Mari’s final attack used three simultaneous attacks from different directions. Much like ninjutsu, in order to hide the identity of the attack, the name “Multiple Slash” was replaced with “Dojigiri” and passed on exclusively by Genji swordsmen. However, in the age where magic had become public knowledge, “Dojigiri” had suddenly vanished, becoming an ability that researchers are aware of but have not witnessed with their own eyes.

“Don’t worry, senpai, I will not disclose the details of your technique.”

Hearing Tatsuya’s reply, Mari’s expression was both tentative and embarrassed.

“Of course I believe you…… But also, please don’t tell anyone that I can use ‘dojigiri’.”

After receiving Tatsuya’s confirmation even though he didn’t ask for a reason, Mari still continued on for some reason.

“Ah, of course.”

Naturally, he complied. And he didn’t really want to know the reason either. But, for some reason Mari started to talk about it.

“Thanks for your help. In reality, I didn’t actually formally receive training in this technique. I stumbled across this after perusing the contents of ancient texts left at home and having Nao assist me in training and somehow ended up learning it.”

After listening to Mari’s explanation, Tatsuya judged that the “Nao” she spoke of must refer to Chiba Naotsugu. Speaking of which, that earlier “Dojigiri” included elements from the “Genius of Magic Close Combat”.

“I see, so that’s why your attack included ‘Pressure Slash’.”

“Exactly. Also, my house lies on the tail end of the Watanabe Family. I am of the Genji style, but my house’s position isn’t very high. If the Watanabe Family knows that I can use the Secret Sword of the Genji, then some trouble may arise……”

“Still, given your status as a combat Magician, I doubt you can keep that a secret for long.”

In the end, this point was unavoidable. Mari’s face darkened as Tatsuya pointed this out.

“I know that, but I hope to keep this a secret while I’m still a student.”

Seeing Mari pout, Mayumi burst into laughter.

“Understood, I’ll keep that to myself.”

At any rate, Tatsuya had no intention of interfering with mundane matters of such level, especially because they had nothing to do with him. Handling something like this was a piece of cake for someone like him.




On the Friday evening that was two days before the official commencement of the “National High School Magic Thesis Competition”, he received a phone call from Fujibayashi after eating dinner and taking a bath.

“……In other words, the mobile forces for spies have all been apprehended in the past two or three days.”

After speaking these words clearly in an official capacity, Fujibayashi finally relaxed on the other side of the monitor.

“The intel Tatsuya-kun provided was a huge help. Thanks.”

“Hardly, I was the one who made the request in the first place.”

“That may be so, but the magic high school and FLT were not the only victims. Industrial spies are a headache not only for the semiconductor industry and magic academies, they also pose trouble for manufacturers as well. Intelligence and counter intelligence are not under our purview, but based on the nature of our unit, we cannot simply turn a blind eye to spies using magic to accomplish their objectives. So we planned to move out soon even without your communication, which merely hastened the operation time and really helped me out a lot.”

“Is that so. Now that you mentioned it, where did the news from the relic leak from?”

“This is a little embarrassing, but the military’s operational data was leaked out. In the end, based on the military’s allocations for magic research and grants, they went down their list of targets.”

So that’s how it was, Tatsuya thought. No wonder their methods seemed so unprofessional.

So they were literally fumbling around in the dark. The intrinsic value of this might be low, but intel wasn’t something that had uniform quality in the first place. Even the really valuable pieces of information that were mined from patent databases were one in a thousand, which may be why the spies adopted this plan of action.

“While the majority of those we caught were of East Asian nationalities, we may have been able to catch wind of our quarry.”

“You seem quite pleased.”

“Restraint isn’t a bad thing, and I’m a cautious person after all. Still, since the enemy has the gall to waltz into our backyard, there’s no need to suffer that. We may need to call on your support at that time, so take care.”

“If there’s a mission at stake, I have no objections. Thank you for the notification.”

“You’re welcome. Good luck on Sunday. I’ll be there to cheer you on.”

After encouraging Tatsuya, Lieutenant Fujibayashi hung up the phone. Plainly, she hadn’t put much thought into the manipulator pulling the strings in the dark and saw this incident as the typical magic industry spying incident. Actually, even Tatsuya had no idea that “their opponent” was on such a scale.

Alas, they took their enemy too lightly.




Having returned to the living room, Tatsuya collapsed onto the couch. Truthfully, it was very rare for him to show fatigue such as this. In terms of pure stamina, simply keeping vigil all night for a week straight would normally not wear him out to this extent. However not only did he have to work on a thesis dealing with one of the “Three Great Puzzles for Gravity Magic”, a Sustained Gravity Control-Type Magic Sequence Thermonuclear Fusion Reactor, he also had to use his unique ability in analyzing structures to investigate a relic which modern technology could not hope to replicate, on top of looking out for spies. He was mentally exhausted as well.

Emptying his head for the moment, Tatsuya closed his eyes as he leaned back into the one seat sofa, curving his neck and resting his head on the backrest. There was no particular meaning to this position, simply his mood.

Sitting next to her brother as always, Miyuki was not irritated at all that Tatsuya had suddenly retreated into his own world. Leaving himself defenseless to this extent was something he reserved for her presence alone. Miyuki was overjoyed that Tatsuya would leave himself in her care so.

Miyuki did not wish for her brother to concern himself with her all the time. Just being able to be by his side, even if only for a while, was enough happiness for her. These words by no means meant that Miyuki was a doormat, but rather convey praise. It can safely be said that there is no one who would say such things about her.

Rather than being frustrated, Miyuki was much more worried about her brother. However much he insisted otherwise, not even Miyuki could recall the last time Tatsuya so honestly let his weariness show.

Taking care not to make a sound, Miyuki rose from her seat. Standing before him, she softly leaned closer to his face with their eyes closed. Ensuring that her long hair wouldn’t brush against him, she pressed down on it with her left hand. Ensuring that she wouldn’t end up accidentally touching him, her right hand pressed onto the sofa supporting her weight. When the hem of her pleat skirt almost fell onto his legs, Miyuki’s heart thundered in her chest, but Tatsuya didn’t stir. Daringly wearing such a short skirt seems to have unexpectedly paid off, she thought.
