
There was no way she could do that alone, though the situation was more like if Erika hadn’t been there, none of their classmates would’ve taken the plunge either.

Mizuki acknowledged her own introverted and cowering personality, so she was doubly impressed by and envious of her friend.

(But why was Erika striving so hard like that……?)

Mizuki was forcibly dragged along by Erika into participating.

Of course, she wanted to support Tatsuya as well, but reflecting on the situation, she would be more than satisfied with applauding from the rear.

Erika was inclined towards reckless behavior, so her ulterior motive may also be to taunt the Course 1 students.

At the same time, Erika was a flighty individual that usually didn’t think things through.

In Mizuki’s eyes, she was someone who loved to get in on the action, but rarely was the source of any troublesome business. This could be easily explained if it only involved her best friends like Mizuki, but to be motivated enough to involve all of their classmates, this didn’t seem to fit a practical joker’s state of mind.

(So Erika is really like that towards Tatsuya…… Right……?)

From Mizuki’s perspective, the male who hit it off the best with Erika was Leo.

Erika also had an extensive back story with Mikihiko, who took Third Place in the Theoretical portion of their exams.

But Mizuki felt that Erika held something special for Tatsuya that weighed far differently than the others.

For some reason, Mizuki refused to assign this feeling Erika had a specific definition in her mind.

She arrived at the school entrance less than 5 minutes ago.

The time was too short for her to claim that she was tired of waiting.

However, this was more than enough time to jolt her thinking.

Without any conscious effort, an assortment of things flowed through Mizuki’s mind.

This situation would perfectly fit the criteria for being distracted.

And so, with her sense unfocused towards any single point, she spread her senses outward and detected a foreign wavelength.

Mizuki pondered this for exactly one second.

Then she made up her mind to remove her glasses.

Instantly, a tidal wave of flowing colors came rushing in.

Her vision was filled with colorful lights from a myriad of shades.

Mizuki temporarily sustained the pain in her eyes brought on by the excess stimulation.

For her, the act of removing her glasses was like walking from pitch darkness into the sun’s radiant rays.

The things she usually avoided looking at suddenly became visible.

The surplus data gave her a rudderless feeling as her ocular nerves and brain were overloaded by processing all this information.

If this happened to the average person, they might’ve been knocked unconscious by this information deluge, but for her, this was “another world” that had been by her side since birth.

Even people that were suddenly exposed before the powerful rays of the sun swiftly adapted after a short period of time.

For people with dark pupils suitable for intense light, this time would be even shorter.

All Mizuki had to do was blink two or three times and her eyes adjusted to be able to see a psion light several dozen times stronger than what the average Magician perceives as well as the pushion light that average Magicians couldn’t even identify.

Mizuki cautiously replaced her glasses into the carrying case, then directed her gaze towards the odd vibration from earlier.

She swiftly found the frequency that allowed her to penetrate the anti-spirit light lens.

The pushion signal that possessed a wavering but regular beat like breathing.

Now, even the source of the light could be easily seen.

Mizuki advanced towards the Technical Skills Building where the vibration originated from as if drawn to it.

The closer she got to the Technical Skills Building, the more she felt the seeping cold air in the surrounding environment.

This was the middle of summer, and even if the setting sun was partially blocked by the neighboring hills and cut a horizon that was not altogether “curved”, the temperature was still more than high enough to be sweating.

This was an illusion.

“Something” was pretending to be cold air, tucked within the folds of the warm summer air.

This “something” seemed to order Mizuki to turn back.

Like threatening her to desist her advance.

However, her feet did not come to a halt.

Logic demanded that she turn back, but Mizuki was a member of the magic community and destined to walk side by side with magic, so Mizuki’s instincts instructed her to use her pair of “eyes” to ascertain what this something was.

There were very few people in the Technical Skills Building, so there were no sounds of friction or loud laughter.

The overhead lights on the ceiling maintained a degree of brightness that made for comfortable browsing of tiny letters.

Just as usual.

No, this was a school for magic instruction and this was the Technical Skills Building frequented by many individuals.

If an incident had occurred, it couldn’t have gone unnoticed by the instructors and upperclassmen.

In comparison to ordinary high schools, magic high schools had no place for ghost stories or urban legends.

Since no alarm was triggered, that meant that the unusual situation that Mizuki detected was the product of magic.

Otherwise — the true spiritual manifestation that could not be detected by modern magic.

An ominous feeling wrapped around her heart and caused her back to quiver, but Mizuki pressed forward as if being herded in or dragged in without her control.

As Mizuki was led upstairs, she noticed a faint, pleasant smell lingering in the air.

She had encountered this fragrance during Magic Medicine class.

The fragrance was a combination of many incense woods that produced a sedative effect.

She pursed the pulse towards the medicine labs.

The irregular pushion lights seemed to be caused by a certain student’s magical experiment.

After verifying that this wasn’t a true spiritual manifestation, Mizuki let out a sigh of relief.

And so, the sense of curiosity that was lurking behind her wall of unease peeked its head out.

One of the fundamental lessons first taught in Magic Technical Skills class is that one must never intrude on another person’s magic experiment site without permission. Unannounced guests run the risk of accidentally triggering the magic area and may even cause the magic to spontaneously burst out of control. The school has repeatedly reminded them that it is extremely dangerous and foolish for Magicians-in-training — such as new students like them — to barge into magic experiments unannounced.

However, the current Mizuki had completely forgotten that warning.

Mizuki’s misdirected sense of caution prompted her to surreptitiously sneak over and nudge a small crack in the door.

She meticulously avoided making any noise and peeked into the room’s interior from the crack.

In that instant—

Mizuki was barely able to swallow her scream of terror.

No, rather than being one of terror, it was simply a scream of surprise.

Inside the medicine lab, there were many blue, sky blue, and dark blue orbs dancing through the air.

Each orb had an independent “strength” and “consciousness”.

Mizuki knew through “visual confirmation” that all things in the natural order possessed differing strengths that did not tilt towards any particular direction, but maintained a constant state of flux. Mizuki was quite familiar with scenes of “strength”-based natural phenomena that congregated as floating orbs. In her “eyes”, the myriad details of the world were similar to the pushion flow that the human consciousness released.

However, this was the first time Mizuki felt that the floating congregates possessed a “consciousness”.

(Spirits……?)

Is this what they call spirits — she thought.

Mizuki was deeply moved by this, enough to abandon all other thoughts.

And the person who summoned these spirits was—

“Yoshida-kun……?”

Completely abandoning any caution whatsoever, Mizuki softly murmured.

This was an entirely subconscious action.

Even so, the one whose name was called was no pushover.

Especially because he was situated in a private location where no one would pass by and the fact that someone witnessed his secret “magic”.

“Who’s there!”

A completely reflexive inquiry.

His words were laced with the fury of being discovered, causing the “consciousness” in the “orbs” to react.

“Ah!”

As the orbs swarmed forward, Mizuki screamed and clenched her eyes shut.

Simultaneously, a “strong gust” approached from her flank, forcing her to duck down.

But this was a flow of psions that would neither disturb a hair nor rustle her dress.

The gust swept back the swarming orbs and protected Mizuki, but she had no way of knowing with her eyes closed.

Trembling with trepidation, Mizuki slowly opened her eyes to find Mikihiko hatefully glaring at Tatsuya, who calmly accepted this gaze without expression.

“……Mikihiko, relax, I don’t want to throw down with you here.”

At Tatsuya’s sudden appearance, Mizuki could only stare with wide eyes from her kneeling position. Before her, Tatsuya had two empty hands raised before him.

This was universal for both Magicians and mundanes, a sign that the person in question did not wish to fight.

Mikihiko revealed a thoroughly astounded expression and his enmity vanished at the same moment, as if it had never appeared in the first place.

This quickly dispelled the tense atmosphere. Mizuki finally shed her frozen posture and rose with a crestfallen Mikihiko in front of her.

“……Tatsuya, my apologies, I didn’t mean to do that.”

Mikihiko looked like a lost child without a home.

All of a sudden, Mizuki felt the urge to “comfort him”, but was anxious because she couldn’t find the appropriate words.

Fortunately, they managed to avoid the awkward period of silence.

“I don’t mind, so put your mind at ease. At the end of the day, it was Mizuki’s fault for disrupting the caster’s concentration during the magic invocation phase.”

“Eh? Me?”

Mizuki hurriedly turned around only to find Tatsuya mischievously smirking at her and quickly realized that he wasn’t really scolding her.

“No, it’s not her fault.”

However, Mikihiko didn’t see it that way.

When he rejected Tatsuya’s comment, he spoke in a fairly rapid manner.

This was probably because Tatsuya’s comment hit too close to home, causing him to panic slightly.

“It is only because of my own inadequacy that I would become frantic at just being called by name…… Also, I’m sorry I forgot something very important. Thanks, Tatsuya. Thanks to you, I didn’t accidentally hurt Shibata-san.”

“She would be fine even if I didn’t do anything. Just then, that was Spirit Magic right?”

Mikihiko nodded at Tatsuya’s question, but hesitated for some reason.

“Based on the Buddhist spirits of heaven and earth, our family calls it ‘Divine Earth Magic’.”

Even so, Mikihiko stuck by his guns, probably because this was a non-negotiable point for Magicians.

Spirit Magic is a type of Ancient Magic which uses independent Information Bodies commonly called “spirits” to interact with other Information Bodies. Magic studies often refers to this magic as “Spirit Magic”, but also shortens spirits to SB (Spiritual Being), but users generally refer to them as “spirits”.

“I don’t have the ability to identify spirits, but I do know that you’re the one controlling the rite. On top of that, Mizuki actually managed to bypass the dispersal ward, so it would be fairly difficult for her not to surprise you.”

“How did you know about the ward…… Oh right, Tatsuya also studied Ancient Magic, so you would know if a rite is effective or not…… Looks like you are truly out…… No, you’ve surpassed the limits of my knowledge.”

“You can go ahead and say ‘outrageous’.”

Tatsuya spoke in a teasing manner, to which Mikihiko replied with a wry smile — the tense corners of his mouth relaxed.

“At any rate…… No matter how much you don’t want other people to see you, I think that setting a ward within the school labs also qualifies as an outrageous action.”

“True.”

Their combined laughter completely erased the previously tense atmosphere.

“Just now, were you using summoning magic on natural spirits? This is the first time I’ve seen it.”

“……Hiding anything at this point is fruitless. Tatsuya is correct, I was using water spirits to practice summoning magic.”

Mikihiko gathered the burning incense wood from the table stove and answered Tatsuya.

Beside him, Mizuki was using a cleaning cloth to wipe away the ashes that stuck to the tabletop.

Of course, Mikihiko wanted to politely decline this gesture, but Mizuki’s diligence proved particularly stubborn on this point.

“Water spirits…… Unfortunately, I only know that they are the congregations of pushions…… Mizuki, what did you see?”

“Eh? Ah, me too, the only thing I saw were blue-colored orbs.”

Hearing Tatsuya’s question, Mizuki made a vague smile and shook her hands in a wavy manner before her.

Because Mizuki was still holding the wet cleaning rag in her hand as she did this, a small portion of the murky water splashed onto Mikihiko’s face, but she was wholly unaware because the question caught her completely off-guard.

As Mikihiko himself…… he also seemed unaware.

His eyes were wide open as his expression tensed.

“Colored……? You can see differences in color……?”

“That, uh…… Yes.”

Mizuki didn’t understand why Mikihiko wore (from Mizuki’s perspective) a terrified expression, so she answered back in a quavering voice.

“For example…… blue, sky blue, or dark blue…… Ah!”

Mizuki didn’t dare to look Mikihiko in the eye, so she didn’t stare directly at him as she replied. However, she let out a small cry upon noticing the small droplets of water on Mikihiko’s face.

“S-s-sorry! That…… Oh, right, handkerchief, handkerchief.”

Mizuki scrambled to get her handkerchief from the school bag to wipe Mikihiko’s face.

However, Mikihiko roughly grabbed her extended hand.

And dragged the terrified Mizuki right before him.

Mikihiko caught the off balance Mizuki and stared at her eyes from such a close proximity that it seemed like he was about to kiss her.

“Uh…… This……”

Mizuki was so confused and frantic that she was incoherent, but Mikihiko didn’t seem to notice that.

Mikihiko just kept staring without batting an eyelid, while the panicking Mizuki didn’t dare to turn around.

Without any warning, the two of them just continued to stare at one another.

“……If this was a consensual scene then I’d have to excuse myself, but otherwise that may be a slight problem.”

“Wah!”

“Ah!”

The two of them froze like they had forgotten how to breathe, but, likely recovering upon hearing Tatsuya’s innocuous voice, quickly sprang apart.

“……I apologize.”

“Please…… Please don’t say it like that…… I’m the one who should apologize.”

Quite the conundrum.

It was fairly obvious why Mikihiko was asking for forgiveness — that was borderline sexual harassment, and he shouldn’t complain even if he got slapped in the face — but why was Mizuki also apologizing?

Most likely out of panic. Tatsuya also felt that the atmosphere was putting him off as well.

“……Miyuki, Erika and Leo are already at the rendezvous, so if you feel like staying, we can head back first.”

“Eh? Ah, Tatsuya-kun, so that’s why you came looking for me…… Wait, ah!”

Mizuki seemed to take half a second to process what Tatsuya told her (more like she took half a second to do this from her perspective), let out a cry of shock, then lapsed back into silence. No, she likely had something she wanted to say, but her frozen mouth was incapable of uttering words. It appeared that her distress had caused a blockage in the speech area of her brain.

At any rate, this should only be a temporary setback — Tatsuya thought as he put this in the rear view mirror — alas, his expression was a far cry from his usual “poker face” — as he directed his view towards Mikihiko.

“So, Mikihiko, what was that all about?”

Tatsuya started to dissect Mikihiko’s astounding action with considerable interest.

“Sorry, I was just so shocked……”

Mikihiko let out a small sigh of relief at the change in topic and quickly took this opportunity to respond to Tatsuya’s query.

“Wait, there’s no need to apologize to me. Why were you so surprised?”

“Well……”

Hearing Tatsuya’s words, Mikihiko once more bowed towards Mizuki.

“I’m terribly sorry.

That was because I never thought someone could tell the difference in color between spirits……

At the thought that you might possess crystal eyes, I simply couldn’t sit still and lost control of myself……

I know this just sounds like an excuse, but I definitely didn’t plan anything nefarious.

I truly just wanted to verify that fact.”

Mikihiko’s earnest apology achieved the desired effect; Mizuki’s frazzled state returned to normal.

Just as he said, this was only an excuse.

This was entirely on Mikihiko and his unrestrained curiosity and had nothing to do with Mizuki.

Even so, at Mikihiko’s desperate explanation, Mizuki responded with both a warm and gentle gaze, signifying that she had already forgiven him.

“Yoshida-kun, it’s alright, I was just surprised, that’s all.”

After saying this, Mizuki revealed a sweet and relaxing smile and quickly added, “But that would be terribly embarrassing, so please don’t do that again.”

His face completely flushed, Mikihiko nodded vigorously.

It looked like the earlier attempted sexual harassment had reached a peaceful conclusion and Tatsuya’s satire never occurred, but Tatsuya didn’t want to dwell on that too much.

“Speaking of which, Mikihiko, why are you surprised?”

Seeing the two of them return to normal, Tatsuya resumed the earlier questioning.

“Based on what you said, the ability to identify the colors of the spirits is extremely rare?”

Tatsuya possessed the ability to decipher psion information bodies, but did not view the information body as an image during his analysis, so he wasn’t aware whether color identification was special or not. No, the ability to identify pushion information bodies was definitely rare, but Tatsuya could not comprehend why “color identification” had any special meaning.

At Tatsuya’s question, Mizuki also looked at Mikihiko with the same look in her eyes. She probably had the same question as well.

“Also, what do you mean by crystal eyes? If convenient, can you explain that to us?”

Mizuki’s eyes clearly showed that she wanted to know as well.

“……Yeah, it’s not like the information is any sort of secret.”

Mikihiko’s brief delay before answering clearly hinted that what he was about to say wasn’t so simple. Tatsuya detected that Mikihiko occasionally showed lapses of irresponsibility…… that bordered on self-destructive impulses.

“Spirits have colors, and we as Summoning Magicians rely on these colors to identify the different types of spirits.”

That being said, Mikihiko seemed very sincere as he began to explain the nuances of Summoning and didn’t give off an irresponsible feeling.

“Even so, it’s not like we can actually see the spirit’s color.”

Mizuki was confounded.

Tatsuya also didn’t follow, but he didn’t immediately ask and merely used his eyes to signal Mikihiko to continue.

“In reality, spirits don’t possess set colors at all. The colors that the Magician ‘sees’ change depending on what system or style they belong to.

Take my style for example: water spirits are blue.

But in Europe, the local style claims that water spirits are purple.

On the mainland, the dominant opinion is that the color is a dark blue-ish hue that is almost black.

This wasn’t because the vibrations of the spirits differed based on location and magic.

It was because the Magicians used different methods of identification, hence why they ‘see’ different colors.”

“……In other words, they aren’t identified by sight, but through magic recognition of the vibrations?”

“Correct.

In order to better identify the spirits, we use colors to categorize the oscillations.

You could say that we’ve embellished the spirits a little.

So, we each have a method of identifying spirit colors.

In my style, water spirits are blue, fire spirits are red, earth spirits are yellow, and wind spirits are green.

No difference in shade or brightness.

We all apply the same color in our minds, so there’s no discrepancy in hue.

So all water spirits are strictly blue.

According to this identification system, it’s impossible to see sky blue or dark blue water spirits.”

“……But Mizuki saw them.”

“She probably felt the discrepancy in hue due to the strength and nature of the water spirits and ‘truly’ saw the spirits color.

My style refers to those types of eyes as ‘crystal eyes’.

This term is likely used by other styles under different circumstances, but for our style, they refer to the eyes that can see ‘god’.

Rumors say that those who can see the colors of the spirits are also able to see where spirits spring forth and congregate, as well as the ‘divine spirits’ of the natural order and the key to accessing those systems.

To us, the people with crystal eyes are mikos that can connect to the divine spirit systems.”

“In other words, Mizuki is exactly the person you guys are looking for?”

“Yes…… But there’s no need to worry. Currently, I don’t have the power to stand against ‘god’. If it was the me from a year ago, I might have arrogantly claimed her for myself, the current me possesses neither the desire nor the mettle to try. That being said, I also won’t reveal to other Magicians that she’s such a critical individual for divine magics. Even if it’s my own brother, I could never bear to simply watch as others ascended to the heights of Divine Earth Magic. I won’t tell anyone about Shibata-san’s crystal eyes.”

Mikihiko’s gaze was unyielding.

Flecks of madness danced just below the surface.

Tatsuya read that as a metamorphosis of his original possessiveness.

This wasn’t “claimed for himself”, but “refusal to allow anyone else to do so”.

Mikihiko was staring at Mizuki with those kinds of eyes.

“……That’s true, I will also keep this a secret.”

Based solely on the fact that neither “wished for their friend to be used”, Tatsuya and Mikihiko could agree.

So he signaled his agreement by nodding his head.

Signaled to Mikihiko.

And to Mizuki as well.

Mizuki wore an open expression of astonishment at Tatsuya’s motion and quickly responded with a placating smile without comprehending the reason behind it.





Chapter 4




August 1st.

The departure date for the Nine Schools Competition finally arrived.

Otaru’s Eighth High and Kumamoto’s Ninth High would leave earlier due to their respective locations, whereas First High, conveniently located on the eastern outskirts of Tokyo, usually departed for the competition dormitories the day before the contest begins.

Rather than attaching any strategic importance to this, it was mainly because the remote schools had priority access to the training facilities.

The official competition arena was restricted until the day of the competition, so there was no real reason to arrive earlier—

“That’s how it is.”

“Is that so…… At any rate, thank you for your simple explanation.”

Tatsuya wanted to ask Mari, in a tone laden with sarcasm, if there was any reason she was telling him all this, but he patiently waited for her to finish her explanation and quickly shook his head to dispel this ridiculous impulse that wouldn’t serve anyone.

The two of them were speaking beneath the blazing sun reigning in the middle of the blue summer sky. Exactly why were they making themselves more heated on this hot and humid day? Even if you asked him, Tatsuya had no answer for that one.

This was not in his interest.

“Sorry~!”

This exclamation was accompanied by the music of sandals lightly tapping on the pavement. Looking towards the sound’s source, Mari let out a sigh and smiled beneath her parasol while Tatsuya, completely heedless of the sun beating down on him, wordlessly checked off the last member of the roster on his terminal device.

—One and a half hours late, everyone was finally here.

“Mayumi, you’re so slow.”

“Sorry, sorry.”

Both the reprimand and the apology were just as concise.

The two of them proceeded to embark onto the bus as if nothing had occurred.

At least, until Mayumi came off the bus empty-handed.

“……Did you forget something?”

Tatsuya asked, slightly concerned that his poker face was slipping.

Spare change of clothes, cosmetics and other living supplies — Miyuki was obviously the one who taught him that cosmetics were a must-have for overnight stays — have already been bundled into the storage compartment, and the checklists mailed from each of the contestants’ families have already been matched with the luggage, so nothing was missing.

Even if something was left behind, the dormitories had plenty of spares. This was at most a two hour bus trip, so there shouldn’t be a need for much luggage.

“No, it’s not that…… Tatsuya-kun, I apologize that you had to wait so long for me.”

“Please don’t concern yourself with that. I’m well aware of your situation.”

Mayumi wasn’t tardy because of some preposterous reason like oversleeping or getting the time wrong.

Three hours ago, she suddenly sent word that she would be late due to family business.

In her message, Mayumi asked for everyone to depart without her and that she would meet them at the destination later. Still, the 3rd Year students unanimously agreed to wait for her, so they asked Mayumi to get here as soon as she could.

This wasn’t because she was next in line for the Saegusa Family.

She had two older brothers.

Even if she was a direct descendant from the Ten Master Clans, Mayumi was the little sister who was still in high school, so there were very few cases where she was responsible for handling family business. That being said, the very fact that the family recalled her the day of the school’s official event clearly hinted that this was extremely important.

From Mayumi’s perspective, if the other students set off on time, she could get there at a more leisurely pace rather than hurrying along. However, since everyone — Tatsuya actually disagreed in private — was set on waiting for her, Mayumi was forced to pick up the pace.

Thus, Tatsuya was not going to call her out for being one or two hours late.

“Isn’t it too hot?”

“It’s still in the morning, so it’s OK, and this temperature isn’t bad at all.”

Tatsuya was the only 1st Year student in the auxiliaries, so he was responsible for roll call.

There were 40 contestants, 4 strategic advisors, and 8 technicians.

Of the 12 people that were not contestants, only Tatsuya was a 1st Year student.

Of course, there were other auxiliary members besides these 12 people. Not counting the strategy and technician team, there were also 20 volunteers that performed all the busywork, but they already departed for the premises, so there wasn’t even a faculty member present. Only the drivers and the official participants were taking the bus and four cargo vehicles.

“But you’re sweating like a horse…… Wait, what? You’re not really sweating that much.”

“No, I have at least enough magic to ward off the sweat…… but I’m not gross enough to not sweat at all during the summer.”

He was using magic to purify the sweat and releasing it through the skin and clothes.

Tatsuya’s intrinsic magic “Dissolution”, in terms of categorization belongs to a derivative of Separation Magic. It was a combination of “Gather”, “Disperse”, “Absorb”, and “Release”, but to be honest, “Release” probably made up the highest percentage.

Thus, he was more adept at Release Systematic Magic.

“You actually used the word gross……”

The word wasn’t particularly odd, but Mayumi smiled brilliantly, as if encountering something especially comical.

Must be the season.

At this moment, Tatsuya thought her smile was as radiant as the sun.

This must have been a hallucination brought on by the sun, the temperature, and the humidity.

……The best evidence came from the way Mayumi’s smile instantaneously switched to her usual teasing smile.

“By the way, Tatsuya-kun, what do you think of this?”

The “this” that she spoke of…… must be the same one Tatsuya had on his mind.

Mayumi was referring to the summer dress that she wore.

She used both hands to hold the large-brimmed hat and posed, making it very hard to misunderstand.

They were only checking in to the dorms today and there were no official activities.

Probably because of this, even if it’s a school activity, there was no obligation to wear school uniforms.

The 1st Year students including Tatsuya were all garbed in their uniforms, but less than half the 2nd Year students were in uniform, while almost all the 3rd Year students were in casual clothes.

With that in mind, taking into account how modern decorum frowned upon skin that was not covered in clothing, the majority of the students were dressed like Mari in long sleeved tunics and pants that were easy to move in.

One notable exception was a 2nd Year female student named Chiyoda. She was wearing shorts and long socks that extended to her thighs; it was hard to tell if it was a wardrobe suitable for summer. As for Isori, Chiyoda seemed to have forced him to wear pants that only extended to mid shin with longer socks as well, just as if they were a couple (which, in fact, they were).

Among this group, Mayumi’s appearance was very conspicuous.

As a matter of fact, she was “extremely conspicuous”.

Both her arms and shoulders were revealed in her summer dress.

The length was also above her knees.

Her bare legs were matched with a pair of high heeled sandals.

Her skin was lightly browned, probably because she applied an anti-UV and infrared protection layer. Taking this into account, she technically wasn’t revealing anything, but this skin coloring only served to help people think that she had been sunbathing.

“It suits senpai very well.”

A daring summer outfit embroidered with flowers truly suited Mayumi perfectly.

“Is that so……? Thank you.”

The surprised tone coupled with a bashful expression was also a killer combination.

“……If only you were slightly embarrassed while complimenting me, then that would be perfect.”

The young lady who was 2 years older than Tatsuya extended both arms straight onto her hips and leaned forward to look upwards at him.

Though petite, she still possessed average measurements around the bosom and, once squeezed by both arms, a lovely cleavage could be seen.

At this point, it almost seemed intentional.

“……Looks like a lot of hard work.”

“……Ah?”

Presently, Tatsuya had no way of knowing what pressing business had detained Mayumi, but she most likely accrued considerable stress.

“President, it’s time to go. Please catch some shut-eye during the ride.”

—Tatsuya chose to explain himself this way.

“Wait, uh…… Tatsuya-kun? Have you misunderstood something?”

Tatsuya’s attitude suddenly switched to a comforting one and, combined with his compassionate gaze, threw Mayumi for a loop.




“……Seriously, Tatsuya-kun actually thought I’m bipolar. How rude.”

In the moving bus, Mayumi angrily puffed out her cheeks, while Suzune, who was sitting beside her in the aisle seat, watched her warmly.

“I obviously wanted him to sit next to me, but he fled to another car.”

Speaking of which, as a technician team member, Tatsuya was supposed to sit in the storage vehicles, so from an objective point of view — or maybe from a superficial perspective, he wasn’t avoiding Mayumi.

“Who does he think I am……”

“That was the correct decision.”

“Eh, Rin-chan, what did you just say?”

Mayumi continued her lively complaints, to which Suzune calmly retorted back.

Mayumi was wearing a sweet smile, but her eyes were not smiling. Even though she was wearing such a terrifying smile and superficially — and only superficially — asked in a cheerful tone, this didn’t impact Suzune’s calm expression in the slightest.

“I said he made the correct decision, otherwise he might suffer at the President’s hands.”

“Wait a minute, that’s too much! Aren’t you taking this a little too far?”

Suzune’s utterly serious assessment caused cracks to appear in Mayumi’s steady facade.

“There are very few male students that can resist the President’s beauty, and that beauty has a powerful magic of its own.”

“……That……”

“…………”

Likely because Suzune’s expression was overly serious as she said this, Mayumi wasn’t certain if she was being honest or simply poking fun at her — however, for someone who aimed to be a Magician to say “beauty has magic”, this was most likely a joke at her expense.

“Still, I hear that Shiba-kun excels at nullifying other people’s magic, so the President’s magical appearance cannot entrance him.”

Even if she only heard the sound, Mayumi knew for some reason that Suzune said “magical appearance” and not “magic eyes[1]”.

“……Rin-chan!”

Mayumi finally realized that she was being teased.

“OK, OK, President, please relax.”

“You don’t have the right to tell me that!”

Her good friend maintained her perfectly serious demeanor despite Mayumi edging closer with an outraged expression on her face, so the only thing she could do was turn her back to Suzune and throw a small tantrum by herself in the corner.

Seeing her body hunched together from the side at a certain angle would lead to—

“Uh…… President, are you feeling unwell……?”

—This.

The voice from across the aisle where Suzune sat was both worried and nervous.

“Ah? No, it’s not that……”

For Mayumi, this was an unexpected misunderstanding.

As she was hesitating, Hattori, who had specifically come over to check up on her, misinterpreted the situation even further, or rather, her reaction simply reinforced his preconception.

“Shiba mentioned earlier that the President looked tired. Looks like he wasn’t far off the mark. If that guy knew where the boundaries were…… No, this isn’t the time for that subject.”

“Uh, Hanzou-kun. I just said, I’m not feeling sick……”

“I know the President doesn’t want us to worry and I understand that I should respect that, but forcing yourself beyond your limits wouldn’t do us any favors.”

Hattori was completely serious — he was earnestly concerned about Mayumi’s physical condition as he watched her.

The reason he was blushing was likely because of Mayumi’s slightly outrageous sitting posture, where her thighs were slightly visible around the edges of the summer dress. However, both her legs were neatly placed together.

“Vice President Hattori, where are you looking?”

For the record, Hattori was completely focused on Mayumi’s face.

He did not look anywhere else, but at the same time, this meant — he was desperately trying to not look anywhere else.

He originally came over out of concern for Mayumi, but he hurriedly averted his gaze — likely out of guilt that he did look in that direction, causing Hattori to look incredibly out of sorts.





……Given that this alone was enough for him to be guilty and wavering to this degree, only served to prove that he was an honest and innocent teenager.

“Ichihara-senpai! I didn’t look there…… No, uh, I just wanted to offer the President a blanket……”

Unfortunately, his innocent teenager image only served to be the perfect prey for his senpais.

“Vice President Hattori wanted to bring the President a blanket? Then by all means, go ahead.”

Suzune revealed an understanding expression as she rose and used her eyes to signal Hattori to hurry up.

As for Mayumi, she pitched in by pretending to avert her eyes out of embarrassment and used both her hands to cover her slightly exposed chest.

With a spread blanket in both hands, Hattori was rendered completely immobile.

A definite trace of mischief could be seen in Mayumi’s eyes.

Looks like Mayumi has become even harder to control than ever.

……Shiba-kun made the right decision — Suzune thought to herself.

He washed his hands of the whole deal.




“What the heck are those guys doing……?”

Hattori was frozen in place, Mayumi was watching with expectation dancing in her eyes, and Suzune was calmly watching from the sidelines. This awkward three-way caused Mari to sigh and comment in a helpless tone.

As usual, Hattori was dancing to Mayumi’s tune. After verifying this, Mari sat back down after rising from her seat (as a matter of fact, her seat was facing Suzune and company’s position from across the aisle).

Mari didn’t say this aloud, but she too was concerned on Mayumi’s behalf, but her inability to do anything was more pronounced.

“Eh…… Just like old times……”

Mari secretly suspected that Hattori was under a lot of stress due to Mayumi’s constant teasing, which in turn brought about his harsh attitude towards Course 2 students, and that led to Mayumi’s headaches regarding her Vice President’s actions and created a vicious cycle. This was something that did not sit well with her.

That being said, Mari also knew that Mayumi’s stress level was far heavier than hers.

Mari’s family boasted considerable history — rumor said that they were descended from General Watanabe Tsuna from the peaceful eras, although no one knew if this was true — but based on the current standings, they were barely on the fringes of the “Hundred Families”.

Mari didn’t know if it was because of a mutation, if her genes skipped a generation or she simply didn’t inherit the bloodline, but at any rate she was the only one in her family with vaunted magic talent. Thus, even though her family had great hopes for her, Mari didn’t have to concern herself with the family rivalries that were abundant in magical society.

On the other hand, the Saegusa and Yotsuba Families currently dominated the upper echelons of the Ten Master Clans and while Mayumi wasn’t the next head, she was still a direct descendant and the eldest girl, so even though she was still a high school student, there had been quite a few marriage proposals even before she reached high school (which were not rumors, but grounded in fact).

As for Mayumi herself, even compared with the other Magicians within the Ten Master Clans, she still possessed “outstanding” magical talent. She was the subject of intense scrutiny, the veritable rising star of tomorrow among pure bloods.

On top of that, she was also the Student Council President, which only added to the things on her plate.

No matter how resilient her personality was, her days were by no means a walk in the park.

She’s only playing a little bit, Mari thought, so leniency is probably the best approach.

While she was considering this, Mari did not add in “from a friend’s perspective”, likely because she also possessed a slightly shameful teasing side to her. But if someone actually said that to her face, Mari would probably knock them to the floor.

—Back on topic,

Unless the ruckus got out of hand, she wasn’t going to interfere — Hattori seemed to be a willing participant anyways — so after making that somewhat one-sided decision, Mari directed her gaze out the window.

She sat in the aisle seat of a two person row.

So she had to look at the person sitting in the window seat.

“……Mari-senpai, what’s up?”

An equally listless female student asked Mari after noticing her gaze.

“Hm? No, Kanon, I’m just looking outside.”

Mari transferred her focal point from outside to the 2nd Year student sitting next to her, Chiyoda Kanon, who was wearing a handsome smile that was particularly popular among female students.

She was an underclassman that Mari especially favored and Mari was actively prepping her to be the next Public Morals Committee Chief.

Thanks to Tatsuya (if he heard this, he would strongly protest that he was coerced and not asked), Mari had already prepared the transfer documents just for her. If it wasn’t Kanon, Mari likely wouldn’t even bother.

They were both of the Hundred Families, but Kanon belonged to the Chiyoda Family near the pinnacle. Talented Magicians from prestigious families were the true representation of “Hundred Families”.

Here, the “Hundred Families” didn’t actually mean the number broke one hundred.

Just as the hundreds digit followed the tens digit, the same meaning applied in that they were “families that were second only to the Ten Master Clans”.

In addition, the Ten Master Clans did not consist of only ten families. There were a total of 28 families worthy of the name the Ten Master Clans, and whoever possessed the strongest magic (notice that this was not the most talented, but the strongest), the top ten would be collectively known as the Ten Master Clans.

Mayumi’s Saegusa Family always boasted a large number of talented Magicians, whereas the Yotsuba Family possessed one of the strongest Magicians in the modern era. The “Demon Lord of the Far East”, the “Midnight Queen”, Yotsuba Maya was the current head of house, which caused both families to be acknowledged as the twin aces of the Ten Master Clans.

Currently, the Ten Master Clans consisted of “Ichijou”, “Futatsugi”, “Mitsuya”, “Yotsuba”, “Itsuwa”, “Mutsudzuka”, “Saegusa”, “Yatsushiro”, “Kudou”, and “Juumonji”, which just happened to number from one to ten chronologically. However, this was the first time this had occurred since the Ten Master Clans had been formed, and there have been situations where one or two numbers were either duplicated or missing altogether.

The strongest of the strong became the Ten Master Clans, with the other 18 families as replacements, followed closely by the authentic “Hundred Families”.

Kanon belonged to the Chiyoda Family, which was one of the Hundred Families. Kanon’s direct attack power rivaled Mari herself and if she had a weapon in hand, her firepower could match Magicians from the Ten Master Clans themselves. No wonder she had the magic worthy of the name of the Chiyoda Family.

However, the crowning difference from Mayumi was that Kanon wasn’t listless because she was overwhelmed with family business.

Hearing Mari’s response, Kanon softly said “Is that so” and directed her gaze outside, followed with a lazy “Heh……” sigh.

This ridiculous response only irritated Mari further.

“Kanon……”

“Yeah?”

Kanon turned around again, but this time she smiled in a fashion completely different from before.

Unfortunately, the imitation paled before the original, as Mari smiled back in an equally radiant manner — from a female perspective.

“It’s at most two more hours to the dorms, can you not wait for that long?”

“Hey, that’s mean! I’m not a child, I can wait for a paltry two or three hours!”

At Mari’s casual question, Kanon was suddenly fired up like she was another person.

Her middle length hair bobbed as she pouted and complained.

“But, but, I thought we would be on the bus together today, so it’s OK if I’m a little upset.”

“Haven’t you guys been together…… Even if you’re engaged, counting the time you two have been together, that’s probably longer than ‘that pair’ of Shiba siblings, right?”

“It’s impossible to share a bus trip these days, so I was really looking forward to it. I mean, last year I was all alone. And when compared with siblings, of course engaged couples share more time together!”

“……Really?”

“Of course!”

Kanon puffing out her chest — which was slightly insulting and not altogether flattering – declared this to which Mari secretly sighed again.

This underclassman was usually decisive and dependable with a strong and active personality, which were qualities Mari admired in the young lady, but……

(Every time, the moment she gets to Isori it’s like she’s someone else entirely……)

“Speaking of which, why does the technician team have to hitch a different ride! It’s not like they can do anything during the ride, so why are they in a separate car! This bus has enough seats for all of us, and even if that wasn’t the case, we could still charter a double-decker bus!”

Kanon seemed to have seized upon the proper venue and started to loudly vent her frustration. At this, Mari could only sigh again.




On the bus, there was another young woman who also shared Kanon’s displeasure.

—This young lady did not make a fuss like Kanon, which only served to increase her friends’ trepidation.

“………….”

“……Uh, Miyuki, would you like some tea……?”

“Honoka, thank you. However, I’m sorry, but I’m not thirsty right now. I’m not like Onii-sama, who was ordered out into the hot sun to stand watch.”

Her voice was both calm and gentle.

Just like the chill that someone would feel upon gazing at the fine layer of frost that covered the landscape.

“Ah, uh, you’re right.”

Honoka quickly agreed as someone on the other side of the aisle sharply nudged her flank.

(Why are you reminding her of her brother!)

(It’s not like I meant to do that!)

Honoka and Shizuku weren’t telepathic but were still able to communicate with their eyes because maybe they both wanted to “do something” for the silently fuming Miyuki?

“…….Seriously, since we know who was going to be late, there was no reason for him to wait outside the bus…… Why is Onii-sama always doing so much……”

Miyuki finally started to mutter aloud, which only increased the terrifying tension around her.

Honoka wanted to flee.

At the very least, she wanted to switch places with Shizuku.

But if she switched seats at this juncture, she would surely incur Miyuki’s wrath.

—Scratch that, Miyuki wouldn’t actually do anything to her friends, but the dangerous feeling surrounding her was enough to cause people to let one’s imagination run wild (speaking of which, the 1st Year female student sitting next to Shizuku was huddled in a ball and keeping her eyes glued outside).

“……And he’s sitting in a tiny storage vehicle crowded with equipment…… At least during the trip, I had hoped Onii-sama could get some proper rest……”

Shizuku glanced at the terrified Honoka and sighed.

Shizuku believed that Miyuki omitted the three words “next to me” (in other words, Shizuku mentally adjusted this to be “Onii-sama could get some proper rest next to me”), but she said something completely different.

“Still, Miyuki, this is where I think your older brother is amazing.”

Shizuku took the opportunity of starting a conversation to switch seats with Honoka.

Honoka clasped both her palms together in thanks, but Shizuku couldn’t see this with her back to her and Miyuki didn’t notice this either.

Miyuki was wholly unaware that someone else had caught her muttering to herself, so she was unable to immediately react.

Shizuku seized the opening to keep speaking, completely shattering her normally stoic image.

“Even if he waited on the bus, I don’t think anyone would actually complain about it, but your brother dutifully fulfilled his mission to ‘verify all contestants had boarded’. It’s true that this seems like an unimportant chore, but he didn’t take this boring task lightly and was able to maintain his composure even though something unexpected happened, which isn’t easy at all. Miyuki’s brother is really amazing.”

It was thanks to Shizuku’s personality that she was able to say such a mushy comment aloud. Honoka was more the type to think those thoughts in the privacy of her mind.

“……You’re right, Onii-sama is the nicest person in the oddest areas.”

Finally, Miyuki was able to contain her embarrassment and the icy pressure around them faded as well.

Hiding behind Shizuku, Honoka made a victory sign with her hand.




With a few exceptions, human beings chose only to see things they wish to see.

More likely, “they chose to ignore objects that they did not want to perceive”.

For biological organisms, bad news from the five senses was usually more vital than good news. Objects and situations that were displeasing often caused harm to the physical body, so identifying these threats were integral to survival.

However, humans often avert their eyes from what they do not wish to see.

For example, even knowing that a weapon of mass destruction was currently aimed at them, they still chose to ignore this aspect of reality.

This was especially true for citizens of first world countries that are so removed from struggling for survival in their day to day activities.

Even without this exaggerated example, there were countless examples every day where people pretend not to see things that are repulsive and pretend that they didn’t exist.

—Such as, the sheer killing intent emanating from a beautiful young lady.

Miyuki, who had returned to her usual serene grace, was surrounded by male students.

Who, until this moment, did not dare to approach.

Miyuki was gorgeous enough to cause anyone to stop in their tracks, so no one dared to crowd her too much, but whenever an opportunity presented itself someone would immediately try to strike up a conversation. The majority of these offenders were 1st Year students, with the occasional 2nd or 3rd Year student.

Finally, Mari couldn’t stand it any longer and forcibly relocated Miyuki and the other two to sit behind her.

Thus, with Miyuki and the now tranquil Kanon, much happier after venting, occupying the two window seats, Mari sitting beside Kanon, and Katsuto holding down the fort behind Miyuki, peace finally returned to the bus (Mayumi was sleeping soundly, likely satisfied after thoroughly teasing Hattori).

While it was pleasurable to speak with people of the same gender, there was something missing.

The two young ladies who shared this thought both absently watched the scenery passing by.

So Miyuki and Kanon were the first two to discover the situation.

“Watch out!”

Kanon was the one who shouted out.

Following her voice, just about everyone in the car looked out the window on one side of the bus.

From the opposite direction, a large vehicle — this was a smaller bus used for leisurely pursuits — was sliding towards them on the ground, scattering sparks everywhere.

Someone shouted that the tires burst.

Another agitated passenger claimed that the tires fell off.

There was no sense of danger in their voices.

There was a central divider between the two sides of the highway, further fortified by a protective barrier.

Basically, there was no way for the accident to spread over here.

In their young and inexperienced eyes, this disaster on the other side was only something to stimulate them.

A stimulation — that lasted for one second.

Someone shrieked.

Maybe more than one person.

This was hardly their fault.

The large vehicle suddenly spun as it collided with the central divider and, for some reason, flipped into the air towards them.

The bus slammed on the brakes, sending everyone careening forward.

The screams of pain were likely caused by the students who ignored the safety regulations and failed to buckle their seat belts.

The bus stopped.

Thankfully, they stopped short of impact.

However, the fallen vehicle was still sliding towards the bus while aflame.

“Let me shove it back!”

“Disappear!”

“Halt!”

“Oh!”

There was no panic aboard the bus, which was something worthy of praise.

But that only served to worsen the situation.

Without warning, several instances of magic shot forward and all tried to apply the phenomenon rewriting ability at the same time on the same object.

The only thing this would achieve would be to scramble all the magics against each other and do nothing to prevent the incoming disaster.

“You idiots, stop now!”

Mari quickly realized this.

Fortunately, everyone was still in the activation process and had not finished yet.

So everyone was forced to recall their half-formed magic, leaving a few precious seconds for some sort of meaningful defense.

They needed a powerful magic to instantly rewrite the current phenomenon.

Everyone gathered on board were the saplings and seeds of future Magicians, but they were all capable of doing this.

However — if they were able to logically follow Mari’s orders, they wouldn’t have tried to recklessly use magic.

Also, in order to overwrite the original effects of the magic and achieve the desired result, they had to use a stronger magic to forcibly overwrite the currently activated magic—

“Juumonji!”

Mari summoned a Magician capable of performing this feat.

Katsuto was currently readying his magic.

But Mari almost despaired at seeing his pale and agitated visage.

Mari understood as well.

This pocket of space where Magic Sequences were running amok was just like what would happen during “Calculation Interference”.

Even Katsuto had no way of handling both the oncoming impact and roaring flames at the same time……

“Leave the flames to me!”

The slim and beautiful figure of a 1st Year student rose near the window.

Her magic was already prepped and ready.

Seeing this, Katsuto immediately started designing the Magic Sequence for a fortifying barrier.

Yet, regardless of how incredibly talented she was, was this 1st Year student able to use her magic in this veritable storm of psions—?

For a second, Mari thought she was hallucinating.

She was a Magician fully capable of understanding magic, but she still questioned her own senses there.

Just as Miyuki was about to invoke her magic with the flaming metal hulk bearing down on them……

The rampaging Magic Sequences all disappeared in an instant.

As if waiting for this moment to occur, Miyuki immediately activated her magic.

She wasn’t freezing the flaming vehicle nor cutting off the air supply to suffocate the driver (though in this case, the chance that the driver survived was remote), she was efficiently using magic to dramatically lower the temperature to extinguish the flames.

Mari could not help but applaud her choice of action.

At the same time, this proved that Mari’s magic perception ability was working normally.

Katsuto spread out the protective barrier magic — this was a Movement-Type Systematic Magic that creates a force field that renders any object that enters its boundaries immobile — causing the already ruined vehicle to crumple upon impact. Mari looked elsewhere when she heard the sound of impact (Mari trusted that Katsuto’s magic would be able to hold the incoming vehicle).

What the heck just happened?

The interfering remnants of Magic Sequences suddenly disappeared just before magic was applied to avoid the accident, but what the heck caused that?

Was it Mayumi’s magic?

Mari immediately rejected this notion that floated into her head.

It was true that Mayumi was able to handle the rampant Magic Sequences.

However, Mayumi’s Counter Magic (magic deployed specifically against magic) was shaped like psion bullets that used copies of Magic Sequences to tear them apart.

That type of magic couldn’t completely annihilate every Magic Sequence down to the last iota.

If Mayumi’s magic was synonymous to precision anti-aircraft guns, then the earlier magic (if it was magic at all) was something that would have carpet bombed the entire district. Not a single pillar would be left standing, steel would turn molten, the foundations and cement would scatter everywhere from the explosions, rendering this entire area into complete rubble — that was how violent that attack was.

While Mari and Katsuto were both frozen before the primal chaos of the rampaging Magic Sequences, Miyuki seemed to know from the start that this situation would fade and activated her magic without any hesitation.

Did she know who cast that “magic”?

Hold on, was that magic……?

“Is everyone alright?”

Mari was staring at the storage vehicle — currently parked behind them — that was following them, and only recovered herself and turned around upon hearing Mayumi’s steady voice.

“That was cutting it a little close, but there’s no need for concern. Juumonji and Miyuki-chan’s excellent performances saved us from disaster. Anyone who’s hurt better realize how important safety belts are, so make sure to buckle up next time.”

Mayumi added “so long as there isn’t a next time” with a smile, causing laughter to fill the bus.

Everyone shook off the intense anxiety and terror and resumed a more relaxed expression.

“Juumonji, thanks, you’re just as dependable as ever.”

“No…… Thanks to the fire quickly being extinguished, I could focus solely on stopping the vehicle. Also, did Saegusa get rid of the rampant Magic Sequences?”

Hearing Katsuto’s question, Mayumi’s eyes drifted awkwardly.

“Ah! I only noticed after the bus stopped……”

Speaking of which, Mayumi was sleeping up until the moment of the accident.

Katsuto also realized this, so he only raised an eyebrow slightly but made no further comment — Katsuto was undoubtedly the most honorable person among the student body leaders.

“Ah, Miyuki-chan as well. Your execution was flawless. You were able to use such a narrow window to construct a perfect Magic Sequence. That’s an accomplishment that even us 3rd Year students would be hard pressed to emulate.”

Katsuto and Mari both nodded in agreement at Mayumi’s words.

All three of them knew very well that being able to correctly choose the appropriate magic and modulate it under such critical circumstances was no small feat.

Mayumi’s praise caused Miyuki to blush deeply.

“President, I am honored by your praise. However, thanks to Ichihara-senpai’s powerful assistance in halting the bus, I had sufficient time to construct the Magic Sequence, otherwise even I’m afraid that I may have hurried my move in such a trying condition. Ichihara-senpai, thank you.”

Miyuki gravely bowed in thanks, to which Suzune silently nodded in response.

Kanon, who was sitting in front of Miyuki, turned around in her chair with an utterly gob smacked expression.

Mari was also unable to hide her astonishment.

Just as Miyuki said, there was no way the bus could’ve come to a halt in time with the brakes alone.

The moment the driver slammed on the brakes, it wasn’t hard to imagine someone also using Speed Magic to help out.

But Mari only noticed everyone using magic to stop the incoming vehicle and was wholly ignorant of Suzune casting magic to stop the bus.

While everyone was preoccupied with visually confirming the danger, she accurately made the correct response.

Suzune’s proficiency in magic was said to rival Mari and company, and today she more than sustained that reputation. Also, Miyuki was the only one who detected Suzune’s magic while everyone else remained ignorant; her talent was truly awe-inspiring.

“In comparison, you……”

“Ow! Mari-senpai, why did you hit me?”

Suddenly being knocked atop the head, Kanon complained tearfully.

“Stuff it, Kanon, do you have any right to complain? Morisaki and Kitayama both panicked and used magic to complicate the situation, but that’s only to be expected since they’re 1st Year students. But what’s the deal with you as a 2nd Year student panicking first!”

“Uh, but my reaction was the fastest, I just didn’t expect anyone else to overlap on magic……”

Kanon’s explanation caused both Morisaki and Shizuku to droop in shame.

Quite a few others revealed awkward expressions.

“Fastest isn’t always better! At least evaluate the situation first, then make some sort of rudimentary communication between each other to avoid ambiguity, alright? On top of that, based on the fact that you still didn’t deactivate your magic even after noticing the conflicting situation proves that you had already lost your objectivity.”

“……I was wrong, I’m sorry.”

Seeing Kanon’s dejected state, Mari didn’t go any further.

Even with this lecture, without the requisite training and experience, it was very difficult to remain calm under those circumstances.

When taking that into account, it was even more amazing that Miyuki was able to clearly communicate her decision to extinguish the flames.

This wasn’t something that relied on talent alone. Usually, geniuses tend to try and stick out too much, which actually hurts more since it compromises communication.

By this definition, Kanon possessed an exemplary genius mentality.

Miyuki must have gone through extensive and arduous training.

Her serene patience in waiting for the bus to resume moving was perfectly suited for her experiences, or completely unsuitable at the same time.

“Speaking of which, Shiba.”

“Yes.”

Mari called Tatsuya by name, but referred to Miyuki by surname.

Generally, she preferred to address others by surname and only called closer companions such as Mayumi, Kanon, and members of the Public Morals Committee by their name. To her, Tatsuya was someone who she was especially close to.

“Do you know how those Magic Sequences…… No, never mind, don’t worry about it, you performed magnificently.”

“Ah? Thank you for your compliment.”

Originally, Mari wanted to ask the question “Do you know who used Counter Magic to erase those Magic Sequences?”

In the middle, she ruminated on whether she wanted to know the answer.

For some reason, Mari felt that the answer would cause devastating damage to “certain” objects in her immediate vicinity.

Outside the window, the male students from the technician team descended from the storage vehicles and commenced rescue operations.

That being said, the all-terrain vehicle not only violently struck the protective barrier and flipped through the air, it was also ablaze as well.

There was no chance the driver survived.

There were no women present, likely because the male students wished to spare them from the sight of the burning corpse.

Even though the fire was put out, the possibility that the ethanol-based gasoline would re-ignite was not zero.

Behind the 3rd Year students trying to cut out the door, a 1st Year student was using a camera to record the evidence.

Realizing that her eyes were continuously following his back, Mari swiftly averted her gaze.




After the incident, including the time spent during police interviews and assisting with clean up so that the bus could pass, roughly 30 minutes elapsed since the incident ended. Figure in the delay from the start of the trip, the group arrived at the dorms shortly after noon.

From a strictly competitive standpoint, most of the contestants that excel during the Nine Schools Competition eventually join the military.

To safeguard their source of talented Magicians, the military heavily invested in the Nine Schools Competition in both the competition arena and the dormitories. Hotels previously reserved for government officials during inspection or visiting foreign dignitaries and their followers were instead allocated for students and related personnel during the Nine Schools Competition.

That being said, it wasn’t like the situation was all-encompassing.

In the end, the hotel was a military building, so there was no valet parking or suites. Usually, the soldiers on duty at this location would be responsible for these missions, but the Nine Schools Competition was a high school event. So, the students were responsible for carrying their own luggage. The larger devices were left in the storage vehicles for easy access so they didn’t have to be removed, but the smaller tools and CADs had to be shifted from the vehicles to the individual rooms for maintenance.

A certain 1st Year student from the technician team quickly accomplished his objectives. Pushing a cart full of luggage forward and being accompanied by a smiling female student walking next to him, a sight that caused Hattori to shake his head with a heavy expression on his face.

“Hattori, what’s up? Take a look at your hangdog expression.”

Behind him, a warm voice struck up a conversation.

“Kirihara…… Nah, it’s nothing.”

Hattori turned around and verified that the man was indeed his good friend based on his voice, and reflexively responded with a vague answer.

“Really? At least you look like something’s awry.”

He probably noticed himself.

Hattori didn’t continue to deny Kirihara’s words and let out a masochistic smirk.

“I’ve…… lost some confidence.”

“Oh please, the competition is the day after tomorrow, what’s with the doom and gloom?”

Kirihara was only responsible for “Crowd Ball” on the second day, but Hattori was scheduled for “Battle Board” on the first and third days as well as “Monolith Code” on the ninth and tenth days.

Hattori was on a different competition tier than Kirihara and was one of the primary aces for the 2nd Year cohort.

If his status was anything short of excellent, this would severely impact the overall team strategy.

Thus, it was surprising for Kirihara to panic at this stage.

“So why are you so depressed?”

In Kirihara’s eyes, Hattori Gyoubu was a studious young man bursting with confidence, or maybe someone who worked arduously to earn that confidence.

Just in his second year alone, Hattori possessed the strength just second to the big three. This distinction was not earned on talent alone, although this did feed his arrogance — a point that his friend didn’t try to defend — and was the subject of much misinterpretation, but his diligence matched his abundant talent at the highest level. At least, that was how Kirihara had always seen Hattori.

Hard working, talented and accomplished. With these three under his belt, there was no reason why he should suddenly lose the wind in his sails……

“Looks like you haven’t noticed, how I envy you……”

“What is this? Are you insinuating that I’m stupid?”

“No, but I do think you’re slow.”

“Hey!”

Hattori’s usual mocking smile that was easily misunderstood by others returned.

He appeared to have recovered his balance.

That Hattori was able to improve his mood by digging Kirihara put a sour taste in Kirihara’s mouth, but at least he wasn’t worried any more.

“……This isn’t like you, right? What exactly has dragged you down recently?”

Kirihara asked again with the full intention of returning the favor.

Hattori was not dull enough to misunderstand his friend’s clumsy concern.

“That earlier incident……”

“Ah~, that was too close.”

“Yeah, and if nothing happened, I think a lot of people would’ve been hurt or even lost their lives.”

“But didn’t the President and company handily deal with it? Isn’t worrying about nonexistent injuries a sign of general anxiety? This sort of reverse thinking is harmful to mental health.”

Kirihara’s forthright comment caused Hattori to laugh lightly.

“Kirihara, I really envy your ability to let it go, but that’s not what I’m considering.”

Hattori stopped for a moment then shook his head again.

“……At the time, I couldn’t do anything at all.”

“That’s because if you acted without thinking, that would only worsen the situation. I think that holding back shows that you maintained a level head during a crisis.”

Kirihara’s words were meant to be comforting and not superficial lip service at all. From his objective analysis of the situation, Hattori also acknowledged his words.

Even so, Hattori’s expression remained heavy.

“However…… Shiba-san adopted the correct choice of action. She chose the appropriate task based on her expertise and did not forget to alert everyone of her actions. Even if the conflicting Magic Sequences did not suddenly disappear before she invoked her magic, she should have been able to team up with Group Leader Juumonji to handle the situation.”

“At the time, Chief Watanabe also didn’t act. Given that Shiba-san specializes in Freezing-Type Magic, isn’t this just a matter of magic suitability?”

“Watanabe-senpai’s expertise lies in anti-personnel combat, so she was holding back as a method of self-restraint for the benefit of the whole. In that situation, I am able to accomplish more objectives.

……No, the question at hand isn’t about Magic Power. Watanabe-senpai instantly made the correct assessment that she was not the correct person to do the job and called on Group Leader Juumonji to assist. Before she even said anything, Group Leader Juumonji already realized that this was a situation he would be called upon and was already constructing his Magic Sequence. They also came to the conclusion that just the Group Leader alone was insufficient to combat this threat, but didn’t panic and use magic haphazardly. Shiba-san calmly determined what she could do and verbalized this to everyone.

The problem is not just about strong or weak Magic Powers or the ability to use diverse or powerful magics or simply a technical issue, but as a Magician, are you able to use the appropriate magic in the right circumstances — yes, the problem isn’t ‘magic’ talent, but the ‘magicians’ talent. There is no doubt her Magic Power is staggering and on pure strength alone there’s an 80% chance I would lose to her. However, until today, I’ve never worried about that point, because a Magician’s quality is not measured solely by the level of their Magic Power. But — when compared to my underclassman, I am not only lacking magic talent, but also in talent as a Magician…… This is thoroughly depressing.”

Hattori once more turned a glum expression while Kirihara adopted a “what am I going to do with you” look.

“Ah~ that’s a matter of life experiences, and that’s where I think that pair of siblings are particularly special.”

“Siblings?”

His evaluation was not on “her” but “that pair of siblings”, catching Hattori off guard and causing him to look at Kirihara in a quizzical manner.

“That brother of hers…… I’m guessing he’s offed someone before.”

“Offed?”

Hattori’s incredulous voice carried a note of shock.

“Yes, he’s killed someone before, and not just one or two people.”

“……You don’t actually mean homicide, do you? You’re referring to actual combat experience?”

“He does give people that feeling…… You know that my dad was in the marines right?”

“Yeah, I remember he had been deployed to Tsushima Island several times?”

This felt like an abrupt change in topic, but Hattori didn’t dwell on this point and continued with Kirihara’s conversation.

“Dad was only a corporal, but on the other hand, because he was a low-ranking officer, he was deployed to the front lines where he got to know a lot of soldiers who spent their days in the trenches. Occasionally, some of Dad’s old war buddies would come over to my house, and they give off a completely different vibe from normal people. Regardless of whether it’s kenjutsu or shooting, no matter how much we train in combat tactics and martial techniques, the sheer killing intent given off by soldiers who have killed in the heat of combat differs from athletes that haven’t. Do you know the details behind the incident in April?”

Another change in topic.

“Why did you bring this up…… I heard that was caused by anti-magic terrorists. I only know that the terrorist cell was cleared out by Juumonji.”

Hattori was displeased with the abrupt change in direction but kept a lid on his annoyance. Instinctively, he felt this was all connected.

“Is that so…… Then I can’t go into too much detail…… Although since it’s you, I think I can take it to this level. I was present at the suppression of the terrorists, as well as the Shiba siblings.”

“……Really?”

“I can understand why you would ask that, but that’s the truth. There, I think I saw Shiba — the older Shiba’s natural instinct.”

“Natural instinct?”

Compared to Kirihara’s current words, his voice also carried a tinge of trepidation, which caused Hattori to immediately fire back a question.

“Yes, natural instinct, or at least a part of it. It was terrifying. He had the same quality the soldiers on the front line had but his killing intent was several times more intense, like a thick coating of killing intent covering him like a great coat. He was dangerous enough to cause a shiver to run down my spine, enough to make me wonder what a guy like that’s doing in high school.”

Kirihara’s mouth may have said this, but his expression seemed very agitated.

“……There should be no way to hide his age.”

Hattori was feigning naivety. This slightly off-tangent impression was a better gauge of his astonishment than the expression on his face.

“This only goes to show that age doesn’t equate to experiences.”

Kirihara could understand why his friend was so stunned, but because he had also been in the same position he didn’t make light of Hattori’s tangent and only smiled wryly in reply.

Hattori looked to ask again, but this time there was a blatant hesitation in his voice.

“……Shiba-san as well?”

This hesitation was largely born from an “unable to believe” mentality. On the other hand, Kirihara seemed immune to this thought — probably heavily influenced by his girlfriend since spring — and answered his friend’s question in a frank manner.

“I didn’t witness exactly what the sister did, but given that the older brother was willing to bring her to the combat zone, she definitely isn’t an ordinary girl. You know from today that the most beautiful rose has her own thorns, but not only that, she’s probably more like the peacock that possesses both the sharp talons and malevolent beak capable of hunting poisonous serpents, right? Pursuing her is like having a death wish. Ignorance is bliss, eh?”

Kirihara’s last two sentences weren’t for Hattori’s ears, but a subtle hint for the hapless male students surrounding Miyuki on the car.

“But I never thought that the Hattori with ‘that kind of personality’ would say something like this.”

Hattori was still digesting all of this information while Kirihara sent a bemused smirk his way.

“……What do you mean?”

The hidden meaning behind Kirihara’s smirk rubbed Hattori the wrong way, prompting his displeased rejoinder.

However, Kirihara’s delighted smirk was not diminished in the slightest.

“A Magician’s quality is not measured by their Magic Power alone, eh? Wouldn’t the President be very pleased upon hearing that you personally said those words?”

“Huh……!”

Hattori glared darkly at Kirihara.

Yet, Kirihara maintained his bright smile, no, thanks to Hattori’s overreaction, his smile grew even wider, which caused Hattori to be the first one to turn aside.

“Let’s table quality for the moment, but Magic Power is definitely not the only indicator of strength.”

Hattori took a step forward without any warning at all, clearly signifying his intent to leave Kirihara behind. Still, Kirihara ignored this blatant protest and followed Hattori’s footsteps as he continued.

“The difference between Blooms and Weeds lies in the difference in technical scores on the entrance exam. Certainly there are Course 1 students who progress rapidly, but there are also people stagnating as well. Take Chiyoda for example, she’s completely different than her arrogant self last summer who rested her laurels on talent. The Course 2 students are the same, and, so long as they don’t self destruct, surely some of them would become stronger? ……No, this isn’t pure speculation, there are quite a few ‘capable’ guys in Course 2 right now, and doubly more so in this year’s batch. Oh by the way, I’m not saying this just because I lost to the older Shiba.”

Hattori’s shoulders shook violently.

Seeing this, Kirihara thought, “Oh right, this guy also got his ass handed to him on a platter.”

“At any rate, I admit that he’s stronger than me right now. But even if that guy is approaching cheating levels in terms of strength, I don’t plan on always admitting defeat. I will continue to train myself and triumph the next time I challenge him. If I give up solely because I’m not as capable now, then I’m always a loser.

Currently, many Course 2 students give up because they’re not as capable as others, hence why they’ve never improved. We have no obligation to accept them as our equals. On the other hand, for those that seek greater strength and better themselves along the way, we have no reason to scorn them either.”

Hattori still had no response as he quickly advanced towards his own room without a word.

Kirihara shrugged and turned to see the pair of siblings who were the topic of their discussion.

Not far behind Kirihara, the younger Shiba was solemnly watching her older brother.

Seeing this, Kirihara thought, “Let’s hope nothing troublesome happens”.

And promptly mocked himself for this random thought.




Kirihara’s premonition headed in the direction he least desired and struck his fragile but earnest hope.

“Then, according to Onii-sama, that earlier incident was not accidental……?”

His sister frowned as she asked this question, to which Tatsuya subtly nodded in reply as he pushed the cart forward.

“The vehicle’s trajectory was too unnatural and the investigation yielded the expected results. There were remnants of magic left on the vehicle.”

Tatsuya modulated his volume to avoid eavesdroppers and Miyuki emulated her older brother’s soft tones.

“But I didn’t see anything……”

While the literal meaning of those words were a denial, Miyuki never doubted her brother for a moment.

She had a front row seat to the “accident” from the start.

And until the last moment, she never felt a trace of the other side using magic.

Her brother was different. Miyuki could only see the “present”, but all of the “past” were within her brother’s purview.

Miyuki knew that if her brother had determined “there were remnants”, then that was the truth of the matter.

“At the time, they used small scale magic within the tightest time frames possible, which is a high level technique designed to avoid leaving remnant psions from the Magic Sequence at the scene. Our opponent was likely an agent who had undergone specialized training, which is all the more pitiful given that he was a sacrifice.”

“A…… sacrifice?”

That sentence had an ominous meaning, causing Miyuki’s voice to be weaker than she intended.

“Magic was used three times during the incident, first the magic that burst the tire, second the magic that caused the vehicle to spin, and the last to apply force diagonally upwards in order to use the protective railing as a launch pad.

All three were cast within the vehicle in order to hide the fact that they used magic. In reality, most of the Magicians on hand didn’t detect this, including you as well. ‘At the time’, I was also unaware, that’s how well this was played. Especially the last technique, for the Magician to be aboard a spinning vehicle and still be able to pinpoint the exact moment of impact with the railing must have required intense training.”

“Then, the one who used magic was……”

“The culprit is the Magician in the driver’s seat. In other words, a suicide attack.”

Miyuki stopped short and lowered her head.

Her shoulders were slightly trembling.

“How despicable……!”

This was not an expression of sadness, but fury.

His sister did not bear a misguided sense of compassion towards the criminal, but a deep sense of anger at the mastermind who gave the order. Satisfied, Tatsuya nodded.

“Criminals and terrorists originally are the scum of the Earth, and their leaders are rarely the type to gamble with their own lives, which can easily be seen from this example. There would be no end if we became enraged every time this occurred. Besides, I’m more concerned with the intent behind all of this.”

Tatsuya gently patted his sister’s back a few times to comfort her, then resumed pushing the cart forward.

Miyuki swiftly followed behind.

—And stopped not ten steps away.

A young lady sitting on a couch near the wall waved at them. She wore a pair of shorts and braided sandals that showed off her toned legs, as well as a vest that clearly revealed both shoulders.

Tatsuya also came to a stop alongside Miyuki and glanced over at his friend who then stopped waving and rose from the sofa. She apparently mistook this location for a tropical beach resort.

“It’s been a week, how have you guys been?”

“Hm, not bad…… Speaking of which, Erika, why are you here?”

“To cheer you guys on, of course.”

After a short exchange of greetings, Miyuki asked in a bewildered manner, to which Erika replied frankly.

Of course, Miyuki anticipated this sort of answer but was also unable to accept it.

“But the competition starts two days from now.”

“Yep, I know.”

Erika’s personality veered towards that of a mischievous child who delighted in teasing others, often making it very hard to get to the point.

“Miyuki, I’m leaving first. Erika, see you around.”

Tatsuya immediately elected to abandon further questioning and, leaving Miyuki and Erika in the lobby, moved the overflowing push cart towards the room reserved for the technician team.

“Ah, uh, see you later…… Hold it, at least let me say hi?”

“Sorry, the senpais from the technician team are waiting for Onii-sama. So why are you here two days early?”

Miyuki apologized on behalf of her brother before asking further.

“Tonight’s the meet and greet, right?”

“…………”

“…………”

“…………So?”

Miyuki waited for Erika to reply, but she felt that no matter how long she waited, she still wouldn’t get a full answer, so Miyuki was forced to change the subject.

“I should probably caution you. Unrelated personnel are not permitted access to the dinner, and that includes students.”

“Ah, don’t worry, we got that covered.”

“Ah? You said……”

“Erika, the key to the room…… Eh, Miyuki-san?”

Miyuki wanted to ask “You said something about having it covered?”, but was interrupted by a voice of an approaching young lady.

“Mizuki, you came too?”

“Miyuki-san, good afternoon…… What is it?”

Mizuki heard Miyuki questioning Erika and warmly greeted her, but noticed that Miyuki was staring at her in place of a greeting, causing her to smile awkwardly.

“……Quite conspicuous.”

“Uh…… really?”

Mizuki glanced at herself uneasily. Today, she was wearing an upper garment with thin shoulder straps plus a skirt that was several inches higher above the knees. For some people, she was probably more tempting than Erika.

On first impulse, Miyuki thought something like “Did everyone mistake this for a summer resort?”.

“Erika said not to dress too conservatively, so……”

“Is that so……”

Miyuki wanted to say a few choice words to Erika, but seeing her feign ignorance and turn her head, Miyuki gave this up as a lost cause.

Miyuki could now sympathize why her brother often sighed when dealing with Erika.

“Mizuki, I’m saying this for your benefit, but you might want to get changed. The getup is adorable and suits you perfectly, but I think there’s a better time and place.”

However, Miyuki didn’t just smile and nod. Her personality was slightly more righteous than her brother, and more obstinate as well.

“Is that…… so? ……Really?”

“Yes, you should.”

Mizuki peered at Erika as she asked her, while Miyuki also watched Erika as she nodded in assent.

“Eh~ Really~?”

Erika finally stopped play acting and disagreed with a huff.

“Speaking of room keys, where are you guys staying?”

……This time, it was Miyuki’s turn to ignore that sally.

“Yes.”

Mizuki answered while Erika was fuming by the side, but she didn’t press Miyuki.

During the past four months, Erika learned from their mutual interactions that this beautiful young lady that looked like she would show leniency towards even bugs possessed a strong and ruthless personality.

“I can’t believe there are barred rooms…… No, even more importantly, it’s amazing how the hotel actually let you guys stay. I thought ordinary people are barred from access……”

“Here’s where you call on your connections.”

Her mood restored, Erika revealed the answer without any guilt whatsoever, forcing Miyuki to burst into laughter.

“That’s the Chiba Family for you.”

While her tone was still joking, Miyuki was in no way paying superficial praise, but actually touching upon the truth.

Just as the Ten Master Clans bear the numbers one through ten in their names, the primary families within the Hundred Families such as Chiyoda, Isori, all bore numbers beyond 11 in their names. The size of the number had no correlation with the strength of the family, but the very fact that one possessed a number in their surname directly equated to a superior bloodline and was an excellent indicator of an individual’s potential as a Magician. Magical families that have a number in their names are collectively known as the “Numbered Family System” (This is only one way of estimating ability. Even in First High’s Student Council, only Mayumi herself came from the “Numbered Family System”).

Erika came from the Chiba Family, which was one of the primary families within the “Numbered Family System”.

The Chiba Family was renowned for using personal Speed and Weight Magic in close quarters combat. The Chiba Family’s strength lay not in the fact they could adeptly use spells, but in the new system they pioneered for the training and development of close combat Magicians.

Presently, of the Magicians serving as policemen or infantry in the military, it was rumored that half of them were directly trained under the Chiba Family’s system. This was the case for the navy and air force as well. Any unit that could encounter close combat situations often petitioned the Chiba Family for training.

If solely dependent on connections within active duty troops, the Chiba Family’s influence may eclipse that of the Ten Master Clans.

“But is that OK? I thought Erika loathed using the family as backup……”

“I dislike other people simply seeing me as a ‘daughter of the Chiba Family’. Connections are made to be used, it’s your loss if you ignore it.”

If this was anyone else, this answer could cause a combative atmosphere, but because the two others were Miyuki and Mizuki, they didn’t take it to heart.

“Hehe, you’re right. Now, I should go organize my luggage. I don’t know how you guys are a part of this, but I’ll see you at dinner.”

Miyuki walked towards the elevator with Erika waving at her and Mizuki looking on.

“Hey, Erika, can’t you carry your own bags?”

“Shibata-san, I have your baggage over here. I apologize for bringing it without permission, but there were too many people at the counter.”

Halfway there, Miyuki heard two young men call out to Erika and Mizuki.

One of the voices was familiar, but the other was completely foreign.

So it wasn’t two girls, but two pairs of men and women.

Miyuki secretly smiled without stopping or turning her head.




Speaking of which, why is it that Miyuki’s bus arrived two days before the competition begins?

That was because of the banquet being held in the evening.

Since this was a high school event after all, no alcoholic beverages were served. The buffet-style banquet without any prearranged seating for the contestants about to battle it out was almost like a miniature opening ceremony. Compared to the festive aura of the previous years, anxiety reigned supreme this year.

“In reality, I really didn’t want to attend……”

As the Student Council President, this was something that Mayumi couldn’t and shouldn’t say, so Tatsuya politely struck that from the record.

Technician teams were auxiliary members, but counted as official members for the purposes of actual on site activities, so they were also obligated to attend. Tatsuya, who was ill at ease with reception events like banquets, privately agreed with Mayumi’s sentiment.

The dress code for the banquet was each school’s uniforms, so they didn’t have to worry on that account. That being said, the borrowed suit didn’t fit him very well, which raised his resistance towards attending.

“Should we have purchased a new one……?”

His fidgeting had been noticed after all.

Miyuki furrowed her brows in concern as she watched Tatsuya.

“It’s nothing, don’t worry about it. Sorry for making you worry.”

This sequence thoroughly shamed Tatsuya, as it was getting difficult to tell who the older sibling was. In addition, this was an official event with mandatory attendance, so one shouldn’t complain that they were uncomfortable or displeased.

“No, Onii-sama, please don’t say that.”

She probably noticed the minute adjustments to Tatsuya’s expression and realized that he had wiped out his depressed mood.

Miyuki smiled happily.

“OK, those siblings over there can stop flirting.”

The slightly teasing words caused Tatsuya to glance aside — strictly speaking, he had to glance downwards — to see Mayumi stifling her smile as she watched them.

“I can’t believe you said flirting…… What’s this?”

On the Internet, Tatsuya had read that some young women have been afflicted with a malady that causes them to see all interactions between different genders as romantic interactions. Truth be told, Tatsuya had several people around him suffering from the same illness, so he really didn’t want to broach that subject.

However, Mayumi seemed to be up to her old tricks and only wanted to needle him a little.

Tatsuya had long since accustomed himself to not receiving a straight answer, but still used his eyes to prompt Mayumi to respond.

But Mayumi’s gaze wasn’t resting on Tatsuya, rather on someone beside him.

At the sight of her trying not to burst out into laughter, Tatsuya followed her line of sight and……

“Miyuki…… Why are you so embarrassed all of a sudden?”

His sister ducked her head in shame.

“Everyone, let’s go.”

Mayumi retracted her teasing attitude and urged everyone onward, her mood excellent for some unknown reason.

On some level, Tatsuya was irritated that he had turned into a device for mood improvement, but upon seeing Mayumi’s retreating figure move away with lighthearted footsteps, he suddenly thought “Ah, forget it”.




Of the people participating in the Nine Schools Competition, there were 360 contestants alone and over 400 members if the auxiliaries were added in.

On the surface, the attendance of all members is mandatory, but there were many who found some reason to decline.

Even so, this was still a large scale fellowship event that well exceeded 300 people.

The meeting area had to be large enough to accommodate the large number of guests and servants.

As expected, just the hotel’s employees and the support from the local base were not sufficient to cover everything. There were also many temporary employees that were obviously teenagers specifically hired for this event walking around in servant uniforms, which was not surprising in the least.

However — finding a familiar face among these temporary employees definitely constituted a surprise.

After a short keynote speech — thankfully this speech was short enough not to induce boredom — Tatsuya immediately headed for the dining area when a familiar voice rang out behind him.

When a familiar voice asked “Would you like a drink?”, Tatsuya turned around to find Erika holding a serving tray carrying drinks with one hand.

“So that’s what you meant by having it covered……”

“Ah, you heard from Miyuki? So, surprised?”

“……Very.”

Erika flashed a pleased smile while Tatsuya had no excess processing power to come up with a witty retort, so he merely nodded in response.

“I can’t believe you actually infiltrated here…… Belay that, it’s just like you to do this.”

After all, that’s just what this kind of place is.

Even if they hired hourly interns, they wouldn’t easily hire high school students.

Other than that, there’s an age restriction as well. Even with a banquet where alcoholic beverages are forbidden, they wouldn’t relax the restrictions either. Actually, most of the servants and waitresses circulating the area looked to be in their twenties.

He should probably say “as expected of the Chiba Family”.

But she appeared to have used her connections in the wrong place.

“By the way……”

“Hm? What’s up?”

“Never mind……”

Tatsuya’s tone was muddled, which was entirely unlike him.

After all, it’s probably impolite to say “By the way, you’ve changed a lot” in front of the person in question.

Erika should also be aware that her age was a little different.

Her makeup was considerably more mature.

Even at close range, she looked to be the same age as the other waitresses.

Usually, Erika gave off the impression that she was a lively and beautiful young lady that matched her age perfectly, but her slim figure was also perfectly suited for a more mature look.

(And only her……?)

Tatsuya noticed to his dismay that his thoughts were slightly uncoordinated.

Erika didn’t come alone.

Mizuki should also be here.

Mizuki disliked places with too many people so it was hard to say that she was suited for dealing with customers, so would she be able to serve in this type of situation?





“Hey, Erika, your dress is adorable. I see what you meant by you had it handled.”

Miyuki joined the conversation and conveniently covered for the lull in the conversation due to Tatsuya’s silence.

“That’s how it is. Well, isn’t this cute? But Tatsuya-kun seems unwilling to comment on it.”

Erika twirled left and right, causing the Victorian-style servant uniform with a miniskirt to lightly dance back and forth with an unhappy tone in her voice.

With Tatsuya suddenly under siege, his naturally agile mind immediately began to formulate a retaliation, but Miyuki beat him to it.

“Erika, it’s useless to ask Onii-sama for these things.”

Miyuki smiled and shook her head and, compared to Tatsuya, it was Erika who was taken aback as she watched Miyuki.

Miyuki’s comment was not covering for Tatsuya nor denying her words, which completely surprised Erika.

—However, that was only Erika jumping to conclusions too early.

“Onii-sama wouldn’t be affected by external appearances like a woman’s clothes, but admires our innate qualities, so in this type of situation special uniforms hold no interest to him whatsoever.”

Tatsuya believed that Miyuki’s assessment was both overly high and overly low.

In this case, Tatsuya was concerned about his other friends — especially Mizuki, so he wasn’t paying attention to Erika’s garb. Of course, he is also capable of praising women’s fashion and, if the wardrobe was overly risqué, he certainly wouldn’t know where to look.

—No, in this situation, the problem isn’t the clothes themselves, but the personality that lay beneath the clothes.

“Oh, so that’s how it is, Tatsuya-kun isn’t interested in cosplay.”

“This is cosplay?”

“I don’t think so, but I think the guys see me this way.”

The two young maidens left the reticent Tatsuya by the wayside and kept going.

“By guys you mean Saijou-kun?”

“That guy isn’t even capable of voicing such an opinion. Miki was the one who said this was cosplay, but I have already sternly chastised him for that.”

The last sentence that hinted of danger was clearly imprinted in Tatsuya’s ears.

Yet Miyuki didn’t seem to understand.

“Miki?”

When the person one is speaking with suddenly sprouts a stranger’s nickname, it was only natural for Miyuki to fixate on that.

“……Who is that?”

At Miyuki’s question, Erika let out an “Ah” expression.

“That’s right, Miyuki wouldn’t know.”

Erika softly said and bailed before anyone could stop her.

“Nice moves, looks like she has a great sense of balance……”

Seeing Erika weave through the crowd with tray in hand and without spilling a drop, Tatsuya was honestly impressed.

Miyuki thought this comment was a little off topic, but she continued regardless.

“What is going on?”

Actually, Miyuki didn’t expect a straight answer.

It was only because she was out of the loop that she actually asked.

However, her brother actually provided her with a clear answer.

“She’s going to look for Mikihiko.

You’ve probably heard the name Yoshida Mikihiko?”

“That’s Onii-sama’s classmate, correct?”

Miyuki recalled that this name created huge controversy during the announcement for the finals’ scores.

“He grew up with Erika. Miyuki probably hasn’t met Mikihiko, so she likely wanted to introduce the two of you?”

No wonder, that does seem like something Erika would do.

Including taking off without saying another word.

“Miyuki, there you are.”

“Tatsuya-kun is also here.”

As the siblings glanced towards the direction Erika vanished off to, a pair of female students struck up a conversation.

“Shizuku, were you looking for me?”

“Honoka, Shizuku…… You two are always together?”

Speaking of which, Tatsuya had always seen the two of them moving in concert, so this question was only out of curiosity and had no intent of probing deeper.

“That’s because we’re friends, so we have no reason to be apart.”

“That’s right.”

Shizuku answered without any sense of shame, which caused Tatsuya to chuckle wryly at his foolish question.

Starting last month, Tatsuya started to refer to the two of them by name.

The one who “demanded” he do so was Honoka, but from Tatsuya’s perspective, he was pressured into accepting by Shizuku’s overpowering silence.

“And the others?”

Miyuki was the one who asked.

But her tone was slightly odd.

“Over there.”

In the direction that Honoka pointed, a crowd of male students quickly looked elsewhere.

The 1st Year female students in the representation team also stood frozen in the same place.

“They probably want to approach Miyuki, but won’t dare with Tatsuya-kun lurking nearby.”

“What is this, am I a watchdog now……?”

Shizuku’s speculation elicited a helpless sigh from Tatsuya.

There was a high chance she was correct, so he couldn’t just laugh it off.

“Everyone must be in the dark about how to approach Tatsuya-kun.”

Honoka’s words were meant to be comforting, but Tatsuya knew this was highly possible.

He was self-conscious of the fact that he was an “outlier”.

Usually, he was the one who should initiate contact with others, but……

“Bullshit, everyone here is a student of First High and also on the same team……”

This bombshell was dropped by a new voice.

“Chiyoda-senpai.”

Kanon joined Tatsuya’s group with a glass (without alcohol of course) held in one hand.

Also holding a glass, Isori was following right behind her.

“Kanon, even though they know better, the body still refuses to obey, that’s just human nature.”

“Kei, that kind of obstinacy is only allowed in certain venues.”

Kanon and Isori referred to each other directly by name.

After all, since they were already engaged, doing so was perfectly natural.

“Both of you raise good points, but currently there is an even easier solution.”

Tatsuya suspected that both of them were also busybodies, but if he got dragged into a debate over such a trivial subject, he would be quite unhappy with himself.

Unwilling to interfere with the couple’s conversation, Tatsuya sought to deal with this as soon as possible.

“Miyuki, you should meet up with the rest, teamwork is very important.”

“But Onii-sama……”

“See me in the evening, the only roommate I have is a machine.”

Basically, contestants and auxiliaries are assigned double rooms, but Tatsuya is the only 1st Year student and a Course 2 student to boot, therefore Mayumi made this decision so “there would be no cause for concern” and where he’d be “responsible for watching the machinery”, and assigned a two bed, double room (one person in a double room) for Tatsuya to stay.

“Honoka and Shizuku too, drop by if you have the time.”

Miyuki was still somewhat peeved, but she knew very clearly why Tatsuya said this.

“……I understand. Then, Onii-sama, see you in the evening.”

“We’ll call upon you a little later.”

“See you later.”

Miyuki, Honoka, and Shizuku answered in sequence. Tatsuya felt a displeased gaze sweep over him as he smiled and waved goodbye to the three of them, forcing him to turn around.

“What a mature interaction, but I think that’s only delaying the issue.”

Tatsuya and Kanon’s relationship did not exceed that of casual acquaintances.

Kanon had no reason to comment on Tatsuya’s personal relationships, but Tatsuya knew Kanon spoke up out of chivalry, so he opted to face this directly.

“Delaying is fine. That’s because this question doesn’t need to be solved immediately, and time is the best solution to some problems.”

“That……”

Kanon wasn’t able to reply, but given her unwilling expression, this young lady was not the type to give up easily.

“Kanon, Shiba-kun is right, speed is not the best solution to everything in the world.”

“Still, you are definitely lacking some youthful airs.”

Isori’s comment was meant to break the ice rather than directly help Tatsuya, but was ruined by someone else cutting into the conversation.

“Mari-senpai.”

Towards Mari, who had just entered the conversation, Tatsuya didn’t refute her words and merely nodded.

“Isori, Nakajou is looking for you.”

Yet, Mari seemed to have taken Tatsuya’s reaction in account ahead of time and quickly got to the heart of the matter. Looks like she wasn’t here just to mess around with him.

“Excuse me, where is Nakajou-san?”

“Storage vehicle #1. The VIPs are about to speak, so quickly finish what you need to do and drag Nakajou back here. The unimportant VIPs are one thing, but it would be terrible for the school’s reputation if we missed the Patriarch’s words.”

“That’s true, I understand.”

“Mari-senpai, we’re heading out.”

Isori followed his orders and quickly departed the premises with Kanon naturally on his heels. Seeing the two of them leave, Mari turned around to face Tatsuya.

“Looks like the measurements are perfect.”

“Just a little tight under the arms.”

Mari commented as she took in the suit that Tatsuya was wearing and Tatsuya responded while looking down at himself.

“Nothing we can do about that, since this is a backup. Even if the measurements are the same, there’s no way to take all the individual differences into consideration. If you wore a larger size, the waist would look terribly large.”

“That’s true, so there is nothing I can do.”

Mari’s words sounded like she was smiling wryly while her tone sounded like she was shrugging — although she didn’t actually make those motions — so Tatsuya mirrored her as well.

“Wouldn’t it be better to purchase a new one?”

There was no ill intent behind Mari’s words.

“It’s too wasteful to buy a new suit only to wear it twice. If this was a cloth emblem that could be removed when worn then it would be fine, but this……”

As he said this, Tatsuya glanced downwards at his left breast.

At the emblem with the eight petals.

This was a meeting with other schools, so it was integral to identify one another based on school emblem — hence why Tatsuya was forced to wear this uniform.

“Might not just be twice. There’s the thesis competition in the fall, so there’s no way of guaranteeing that you won’t get promoted to Course 1.”

Mari was smiling as she said this, but her eyes were dead serious.

Tatsuya scowled as he replied:

“Even if I am selected for the thesis competition, wearing my own uniform shouldn’t be a problem. Furthermore, there’s no way I can get promoted to Course 1, because to this day there’s no precedent or even a rule for it.”

Tatsuya’s words drew a laugh out of Mari.

“Precedent? I think your current status is already unprecedented, right? History has never seen a Course 2 student like you, so you cannot deny the possibility by saying there’s no precedent for it. Rather than saying unprecedented, you should aim to become that ‘precedent’ and pave the way for future underclassmen like you.”

“…………”

Seeing Tatsuya’s pained expression, Mari once more burst into delighted laughter.

“Well, I’m off to find the brass from the other schools, want to join me?”

“……No thanks, Erika should be looking for me.”

The moment Tatsuya brought up Erika, a flicker of doubt flashed across Mari’s eyes.

This should probably be saved for future ammunition, eh? Such a thought crossed Tatsuya’s mind, but the two of them shared a considerable history, so this was probably inappropriate for joking.

Tatsuya silently watched Mari depart.

“Eh? Where’s Miyuki?”

Just as Tatsuya predicted, Erika returned with Mikihiko in tow.

“I sent her back to the other students. She’ll drop by my room later this evening, so introductions can be made there.”

“Ah, OK.”

The first half of Tatsuya’s words was directed towards Erika, the latter to Mikihiko.

Rather than being one of regret, Mikihiko’s reaction was more like a sigh of relief.

“……No need to force yourself.”

“……Ah?”

He wasn’t immediately aware that Tatsuya was speaking to him.

Hence why Mikihiko’s reaction was half a beat slow.

“Hold on, it’s not like that! It’s true I’m a little nervous, but……”

“Ew~ Guys just love to show off in front of cute girls.”

“Erika is just as beautiful, especially today.”

“Eh? Wait a minute, stop that……”

“So?”

Towards the teasing Erika, Tatsuya struck first by using her own tactics against her, then urged Mikihiko onward.

“Tatsuya, you…… No, I’m just embarrassed to be wearing this at my first meeting.”

Mikihiko stuttered to a stop then adopted an exhausted expression as he shook his head.

Hearing this, Tatsuya carefully scrutinized Mikihiko and Erika’s uniforms again.

Mikihiko was wearing a white collared shirt paired with a black bowtie and vest.

Erika was wearing a black dress that swished back and forth with her white apron and headdress.

Simply put, they weren’t butler and serving girl, they were servant and serving girl.

“I don’t think that’s strange, don’t all the employees wear that?”

All the servants in the room were wearing similar clothes as Mikihiko.

“See, Miki is too self-conscious.”

“My name is Mikihiko.”

It was blatantly obvious from their tone and expressions that they had been down this road before.

Mikihiko seemed very uncomfortable in his current suit. This was probably because he came from a traditional family and detested dressing up as a servant.

“Speaking of which, where are the other two?”

Tatsuya really wanted to know why they were working here, but ultimately decided against it.

“Do you really think Leo would be a good waiter?”

“He should at least know how to control himself……”

Tatsuya tried to subtly defend his friend, but Erika’s laughing expression didn’t falter.

“Mizuki said she didn’t like this uniform, maybe she’s like Miki in this regard?”

“My name is Mikihiko!”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah~”

Rather peeved, Mikihiko voiced his protest, to which Erika casually agreed before turning back to Tatsuya.

“Owing to these reasons, the two of them are working behind the scenes. Leo is doing manual labor in the kitchen and Mizuki is in charge of the dishes.”

Tatsuya didn’t know “which reasons” those were, but was able to follow Erika’s meaning. Probably.

“Because both of them are good with machinery.”

“Yeah, their appearances are very deceiving.”

In the modern age, no matter if it was dock work or dish washing, manpower was very rarely directly applied.

Including all the details, machines could replace all manual labor.

Simply put, the two of them were responsible for operating the automatic systems in the kitchen.

“I was originally on support as well, so why did you call me out here?”

Possibly because Mikihiko was unlike Tatsuya in this regard, as the person in question he was unable to understand why and also unwilling to accept as well.

“Didn’t I explain many times that it must’ve been a clerical error?”

“That’s not an explanation!”

“OK, OK, stop fussing. We’re only interns, but we’re still on the clock. Look, the tray over there is empty.”

“……Erika, I’ll get you for this later.”

Mikihiko left that behind as he walked over to the tables, but in Tatsuya’s ears, those words weren’t “serious” at all.

“Plainly, it was Mikihiko who forgot in the first place……”

Erika grudgingly said this as she watched him leave, but it was hard to decipher her mood based on her voice and expression.

Yet, Tatsuya believed those weren’t Erika’s true feelings.

“……I don’t know if there are any ulterior motives, but shouldn’t you go easier on him?”

Erika didn’t seem to comprehend Tatsuya’s meaning, so she took a while to respond.

“……There isn’t any real ulterior motive. But you’re right, I am being a little spiteful. I knew that Miki wasn’t good in this type of situation, but I still……”

“Wanted to annoy him?”

“Hm~ I guess? He beats around the bush too much, which irritates me whenever I see him like that. Now I can understand why he can’t smile openly, but I cannot acknowledge why he refuses to get angry…… That is being stubborn to the extent of four-legged animals.”

“How kind of you.”

“Please stop.”

Tatsuya was simply sympathizing with her words without any other intentions, but was taken aback by Erika’s unexpectedly fierce reaction.

“Didn’t I just say I was being a little spiteful? Miki and I aren’t here of our own volition, we’re forced to be here by our elders. Even if I look like I’m being kind, in reality we’re just in the same boat.”

Her stubborn attitude was undoubtedly born of an obstinate heart.

“……I’ll skip the details. Not like I can do anything with the answers anyways, so I’ll just pretend I didn’t hear that.”

Tatsuya wasn’t about to step into that minefield yet.

“Sorry, just don’t ask…… By the way, Tatsuya-kun.”

Erika didn’t hold it against Tatsuya for not comforting her.

“What is it?”

“Tatsuya-kun…… is very detached.”

Her tone and words were complete opposites of one another and were not critical in the slightest.

“……That was quite the abrupt change in topic.”

“But, I’m very thankful that you’re so detached…… I think. You’re not too gentle, so I can safely vent all I want. Nor do you pity me, so I don’t feel embarrassed…… Thank you.”

The last two words were so quiet that they almost couldn’t be heard.

Seeing Erika flee towards the nearby tables, Tatsuya thought: everyone has their own troubles.

For a buffet with no designated seating for upwards of 400 people, the cuisines could not be set in one central location. The buffet sprawled over the entire ballroom of the hotel’s top floor, with three tables set by the two walls and in the center in the front, middle, and rear for a total of 9 tables. Cuisines suitable for teenagers were constantly being replenished on the serving tables.

Historically, the students from each school usually congregated around one of the tables.

That being said, only small fry were able to focus on eating, but the brass from each school weren’t so relaxed.

At Mayumi’s signal, Miyuki bid farewell to her peers and moved with the Student Council.

As Mayumi and Suzune were greeting the leadership from the other schools — and engaged in ruthless spying, Miyuki was carefully scrutinizing her brother, who was watching Erika, from behind them.

She didn’t make any noise or reveal any expression, but inwardly sighed.

Miyuki esteemed Tatsuya more than anyone else (not only did Miyuki respect Tatsuya more than anyone else, she also rated him higher than anyone else).

She knew her brother wasn’t perfect — but still believed that her brother was, on some level, superhuman.

Miyuki also knew that her brother possessed many glaring flaws.

One of these flaws was that he was unable to believe other people’s good will towards him.

This can be partially blamed on his dullness, in that he was unable to comprehend goodwill directed towards him.

More importantly, Tatsuya honestly questioned why people would think positively of him.

On some level, this was inevitable.

Because his own parents neglected to pour this emotion called “love” into him, and even personally stripped “love” from his mind.

Miyuki knew it would take a miracle for her brother to return her feelings.

Even so, seeing an adorable classmate (even in Miyuki’s eyes, Erika was an undeniable beauty) display an almost affectionate — Miyuki believed this might be “love” — towards him, Tatsuya still watched her go, behind that unyielding mask of logic, causing Miyuki’s heart to ache more than be at ease.

Miyuki believed that her brother didn’t even notice the gaze she was directing towards him.

Or maybe he noticed that she was watching him.

But Tatsuya definitely wasn’t able to comprehend what feelings Miyuki was holding inside — once she thought of this, Miyuki despaired.

—This way, she must scold him sternly in order to calm down.

—Her brother’s overly dim personality would definitely be a stumbling stone on his path to developing meaningful social relations.

—Yes, this was for her brother, a scolding born of love.

Beneath the beatific smile normally seen on statues, Miyuki made this decision.

……There was no way she could have remained ignorant of the looks she drew from her surroundings, but maybe no one could understand the real her.

Mayumi and company were (on the outside) chatting freely with the Student Council members from Third High, who were likely the stiffest opposition to First High’s campaign.

In the rear, the 1st Year students from Third High were whispering to one another.

If they were eavesdropping on their senpais’ analysis of combat strength and strategy, then they would be worthy of the militant nature of Third High and even move their upperclassmen to tears, but……

“Ichijou, look, isn’t that girl rad?”

“Who the heck says rad these days…… In which generation did you attend high school?”

“Shut up, I wasn’t asking you. So, Ichijou, what do you think?”

“Why are you so excited…… It’s no use, that level of beauty is out of your league, so don’t bother trying.”

“Man, would you quit it, even if I can’t, Ichijou should be no problem, right? Because Ichijou’s got the looks and brains and is a member of the Ten Master Clans to boot, surely we can get on his coattails, right?”

“I’m amazed you can speak so brazenly with a straight face……”

In reality, they were conversing in this manner — which was very much like regular highschoolers.

“Masaki, what is it?”

However, the male student in the center of the group did not respond to the enthusiastic endorsement and focused all his attention on the female student in question.

Instead of focusing on his charming visage, his handsome aura stood out and perfectly matched the description of a “young and handsome warrior” in the archaic fashion. Standing near 180 cm in height with a thick set of shoulders, compact waist and slender legs…… 1st Year student Ichijou Masaki of Third High was just as his teammates described, a man whose physical appearance was quite popular with the ladies.

“……Masaki?”

Bewildered, Masaki looked towards the person who called his name. The other person was also a male 1st Year student from Third High whose build was well-trained but not overly tall.





“……George, do you know who she is?”

“George” was a nickname, as his outer appearance was thoroughly Asian and his real name Kichijouji Shinkurou was purely Japanese. Upon hearing Masaki’s question, this student immediately replied without further consideration.

“Hm? Oh, I think you can tell from the uniform, she’s a 1st Year student from First High. Her name is Shiba Miyuki, and she’s participating in ‘Icicle Destruction’ and ‘Fairy Dance’, so she must be the 1st Year ace from First High.”

“Whew, so both talented and beautiful, eh?”

Ichijou Masaki ignored his teammate who was bending back in a comical fashion and muttered to himself.

“Shiba Miyuki, eh…..”

This sound caused the male student known as George to turn a curious eye on Masaki.

“It’s quite rare for Masaki to show interest in the ladies, isn’t it?”

The other students expressed their agreement.

“Now that you mention it, that’s quite right.”

“With Ichijou’s merits, usually the ladies approach him directly, so he’s usually not the pursuing one, right?”

“You have no idea how many people are jealous of this fellow.”

This surrounding environment gradually turned into one where “single men were starting to get angry”, but Masaki remained silent.

He would continue to observe Miyuki during several unobtrusive intervals.

His gaze possessed considerable warmth.



As the VIPs began speaking, the high school students that were the focal point of the day stopped what they were doing and paid overly serious attention to the adults speaking — or pretended to do so at any rate.

After Erika returned to her station, Tatsuya had no one left to speak with and finally obtained a modicum of peace.

Just taking in the famous figures from the magic community was a sufficient way to spend the time.

Some he beheld for the first time, others had only been seen on TV.

Of course, there were also people he had met before or sat with in the same room, but not conversed with.

Among these people, the one who held most of Tatsuya’s interest was the elder from the Ten Master Clans known as the “Patriarch”.

Kudou Retsu.

He was one of the most important figures from the Ten Master Clans in the 21st century and, until around twenty years ago, was acknowledged to be one of the strongest Magicians in the world.

After this elder, once renowned as one of the strongest, retired from the front lines, he rarely appeared in public events but for some reason chose to appear every year at the Nine Schools Competition. This detail was public knowledge.

Likewise, Tatsuya had never met this man, but had seen him on video.

In his heart, Tatsuya discovered an excitement akin to witnessing a historical figure striding into the light.

After the various VIPs finished encouraging or lecturing the crowd, it was finally Elder Kudou’s turn.

He must be over 90 years old now.

How much of that once astonishing Magic Power still remained?

Did he possess a physical body still capable of wielding magic?

As Tatsuya considered this, the master of ceremonies formally introduced the elder’s name.

Not just Tatsuya, every high school student held their breath as they waited for Elder Kudou to take the stage.

The appearance of this famous figure made Tatsuya forget to breathe out.

The person who appeared beneath the congregated lights was a young, blonde woman wearing a formal gown.

This immediately threw the audience into an uproar.

Tatsuya was not the only one shocked by this.

This incredibly unexpected turnout caused discussions to break out throughout the audience.

Wasn’t Elder Kudou supposed to take the stage?

Why was a young woman appearing in his place?

Did something happen, forcing her to speak in his place?

(—No, that’s not it.)

Tatsuya finally realized the truth.

The woman wasn’t the only person on stage.

An elderly man stood behind her.

Everyone’s attention was only drawn towards the outwardly captivating young lady.

(—Sensory Interference Magic.)

The elder likely invoked a large scale magic that covered the entire meeting place.

By using an obvious distraction to capture everyone’s attention, this sort of “change” doesn’t qualify as phenomenon rewriting, as it was a “phenomenon” that occurred naturally.

The magic’s scale was large enough to impact everyone present at the same time, yet subtle enough to escape detection.

(So this was the man once called the strongest…… No, the “Sly Warlock” hailed as the “pinnacle” and “craftiest” — the magic of Kudou Retsu……)

He must have noticed Tatsuya’s gaze.

The elder behind the young woman cracked a smile.

A smile that would not be out of place on a mischievous young man.

The woman in the formal gown stepped aside after receiving the elder’s quiet instructions.

As the spotlight fell upon the elder, a huge commotion spread throughout the crowd.

Almost everyone believed Elder Kudou materialized out of thin air.

The elder’s eyes once more locked onto Tatsuya.

Tatsuya subtly returned the greeting with his eyes.

The elder’s eyes displayed a very satisfied smile.

“First of all, allow me to express my sincere apologies for creating this subterfuge.”

Even discounting the microphone’s presence, his voice remained loud and clear — in definite contrast to his advanced age.

“This was just a small sideshow that was more like a magic trick than true magic, but based on my observations, only five people detected the truth behind the facade. In other words……”

Many high school students were deeply drawn into the elder’s words and intent behind his words.

“If I was a terrorist planning to destroy you all and smuggled chemical weapons or explosives under the guise of a visitor, only five people would be able to reach out and deny me. That’s just how it is.”

The elder’s words did not possess any particular emphasis or reprimand.

However, a different sort of stillness enveloped the meeting area.

“To our youth studying magic.

Magic is a means, magic itself is not the end goal.

I created this little game hoping to remind everyone of this very point.

The magic I just used was on a large scale, but low in strength.

By Magic Power standards, this belongs to lower level magic.

Yet, everyone succumbed to this weak magic and could not discover my presence, despite knowing that I would appear.

It is vital that you continue to train in magic.

You must diligently raise your Magic Power without relent.

Still, just this is insufficient. I pray that everyone here carves that into their hearts.

An inappropriately used large magic cannot compare to a meticulously prepared and executed small magic.

Remember, everyone, the Nine Schools Competition that begins two days from now is a battlefield that is fought with magic, as well as a battlefield where the use of magic is equally important.

To our youth studying magic.

I highly anticipate what brilliant schemes you will display in this competition.”

The audience burst into applause.

Unfortunately, this applause didn’t spread throughout the audience.

Among the bemused but clapping teenagers, Tatsuya was also applauding. Except, he differed from other youths in that he wore a quiet smile.

To propose that the use of magic was more important than the level of magic ran counter to everything the upper strata of modern magic society was espousing. The value of magic comes from its proper use, which hinted that magic should only be seen as an independent tool.

This old Magician stood near the pinnacle of magical society within the country, but still advised everyone to go against the norms established by modern magic society. From another perspective, this attitude was very irresponsible, because his influence was enough to shake the foundations of modern magic society.

If Kudou Retsu’s speech was only empty words, Tatsuya would have balked, yet this elder used a simple and easy to understand method to demonstrate his point. He used a superlative technique far beyond Tatsuya’s means to use magic as a flexible and agile tool.



—So this is the “Patriarch”……

Kokonoe Yakumo, Kazama Harunobu, as well as this Kudou Retsu, this country still contained many Magicians that Tatsuya needed to learn from. Surely there were many other subjects worthy of study, except Tatsuya didn’t know of them yet. This was something he couldn’t learn in the FLT research labs.

And he thought high school would be boring.

Tatsuya ruminated on this at the same time.




The banquet was held two days before the main event to preserve one day for the contestants to properly rest and relax.

The technician team and the tactical advisors were busy with the final leg of the preparations, just as the contestants were using their own methods to mentally and physically prepare themselves for the start of the competition tomorrow.

That being said, the 1st Year students would compete on the fourth day of the event, so at this stage excitement and resounding feelings far outweighed anxiety. From an age perspective, they were the ones who usually departed on trips with their peers.

After dinner, Miyuki, Honoka, and Shizuku also visited Tatsuya’s room, but since Tatsuya was engaged in adjusting the Activation Sequences, they quickly called it a night and returned to their own rooms. The itinerary for the Official and Newcomers Divisions differed, so two 1st Year students usually shared a room. Honoka and Shizuku were roommates, while Miyuki shared a room with a young lady named Takigawa Kazumi from Class C. However, since Kazumi’s personality was geared towards athletic club activities and she usually spent her days with the senpais from her club, Miyuki spent most of her time with Honoka and Shizuku in their room.

The hour hand on the clock (for some reason, all the clocks in the hotel were this type) pointed towards the Roman numeral “X”, and the majority of the high school contestants who were waiting for tomorrow to begin had already turned in. Precisely because they understood this, not just Miyuki and company, but all their teammates and 1st Year students from the other schools knew to remain quiet and not cause a ruckus. Even so, their overabundant energies rendered them unable to sleep peacefully like their older peers.

The only thing that three girls would do while burning the midnight oil would be talking to one another.

There are of course exceptions to this rule. From outward appearances, Miyuki and Shizuku should belong to the “exceptions” category, but were unexpectedly “ordinary”.

The recent topics were all related to the Nine Schools Competition, and not all girl talk revolved around fashion and romance, but since these topics frequently cut into the conversation, it was all but inevitable.

As mentioned earlier, the time was approaching 10 o’clock, but it wasn’t lights out in the hotel yet. Hence why when someone knocked on the door, there was no cause for alarm or suspicion.

“Ah, I’ll get that.”

The knocking caused all three to rise and Honoka, who was closest to the door, halted the other two.

“Good evening!”

“Hey, Eimi, everyone, what’s up?”

The person behind the door was a captivating petite girl with red hair that shone with a ruby-like luster. She was Akechi Eimi, one of Miyuki’s teammates, with four other students behind her. In other words, First High’s Newcomers Division Women’s Team was almost all gathered here.

“Uh, you know, there’s an onsen here.”

“……Sorry, you need to speak plainly.”

Honoka didn’t understand why Eimi was so happy as she said this.

“Now that you mention it, this hotel has an artificial onsen beneath it.”

But Miyuki quickly grasped Eimi’s meaning.

“Yes, as expected of Miyuki, you’re brilliant!”

“……I’m sorry, but hearing you say that hardly fills me with joy.”

Eimi meant no harm, but after being praised so leisurely, Miyuki felt a headache oncoming.

As Miyuki pressed her temple, Eimi made an “Eh?” expression as she tilted her head to one side.

“It’s nothing, don’t worry about it. So what about this onsen?”

At Miyuki’s urging, Eimi broke into an innocent smile.

“So, let’s go to the onsen!”

Eimi’s sudden — at least in Miyuki’s ears — words caused Miyuki and Honoka to glance at one another.

Honoka seemed to share Miyuki’s misgivings.

“Is that OK? This is a military facility.”

Yet, the person who represented the three of them and asked Eimi was Shizuku situated in the rear.

This wasn’t an ordinary hotel — it was one of the facilities attached to the SDF’s exercise grounds. Besides the facilities arranged ahead of time, most of the other areas should have restricted access.

“I tried asking for permission and received it. We’re OK until 11.”

Eimi easily alleviated Shizuku’s concerns.

“As expected of Eimi.”

Honoka couldn’t refrain from saying softly.

“You should say, thanks for the opportunity, right!”

Alas, such words had no effect on the ecstatic Eimi.

“Wait, I remember that swimsuits are required in the onsen. I didn’t bring one.”

“That’s also no problem, as the hotel will lend us bathing robes as well as towels.”

Eimi easily fielded Miyuki’s practical concerns.

Given this level of preparation, Miyuki and company had no further reasons to refuse. Honestly, all three of them were slightly interested in the — albeit artificial — onsen.

“Then allow us to accompany you. Let me get some clothes, you guys go ahead.”

Hearing Miyuki’s reply, Eimi nodded happily.

“OK, take your time, no need to hurry.”

Miyuki lightly raised a hand and temporarily bid adieu to her teammates.



The underground bathhouse (artificial onsen) was completely monopolized by First High’s female 1st Year students.

It’s not like they reserved the entire area, more like there weren’t any other guests, so they were in complete control from 10 to 11.

The large bathhouse was similar to public bathhouses in that they were intended for similar purposes.

However, while this underground artificial onsen was called a large bathhouse, in reality it could only hold 10 people or so. The onsen was originally designed to help treat muscle and joint pain from extensive exercise and heated the salty reisen that ran beneath the hotel to form this medical facility. The primary users were usually higher ranking officers (and middle-aged to boot), and it was never intended to be open to the public. Owing to the fact that only those under the doctor’s orders could visit during specified hours, anyone entering had to rinse themselves off in the shower area and don a swimsuit or bathing robe before entering.

—Besides their group, no other group appeared to have applied for permission.

Female bathing robes were literally “mini-coats that reached mid-thigh without any pants”. Though maybe describing them as “bathing robes the length of mini-skirts without the belt” sounded sexier? The lack of a belt certainly made it easier to relax in the onsen, but provided even less sense of security than a swimsuit.

“Wow……”

“W……What is it?”

Anyone wearing this would undoubtedly be too ashamed to appear before anyone of the opposite gender, but everyone here was a girl and trustworthy teammates on top of that. However, at Eimi’s explosive breath, Honoka was overcome by a sense of shame and alertness as if a man had seen her.

She couldn’t help but wrap her arms tightly around the front of her robe.

Eimi’s eyes were glued in that direction — Honoka’s bosom.

“How surprising, Honoka cuts a great figure!”

Eimi gradually advanced.

Honoka kept retreating.

Her back quickly encountered the wall of the bathing area.

“Honoka.”

“What is it?”

The predatory aura that swirled around Eimi was almost enough to make Honoka scream.

“Can I take a look?”

“Of course not!”

Eimi’s eyes were laughing, so she was obviously messing around. The question was how far she would take the joke.

Honoka quickly glanced around the bathing area for help. Her teammates were either relaxing in the onsen or sitting on the edge soaking their feet. Everyone around her had the same smiling eyes Eimi did, with one exception.

“What’s the matter, after all, Honoka’s bust is huge.”

“Is that the problem here!”

Eimi’s eyes remained smiling, but Honoka could see something lurking in her eyes that told her this wouldn’t end in a joking manner.

“Shizuku, save me!”

Honoka couldn’t help but appeal for help from Shizuku, “the one exception”.

Shizuku slowly rose.

“So what?”

After saying this, she left the bathing area.

“What!”

At her best friend’s betrayal, Honoka screamed in pain.

Instantly, Shizuku lowered a sorrowful gaze towards her own chest.

“After all, Honoka’s bust is huge.”

After leaving these incriminating words, she turned and headed into the sauna.

The bathing area was filled with Honoka’s shrieks.



(What are they fighting over now?)

Miyuki could not comprehend what was causing the sounds of water splashing everywhere in the bathing area as she continued to shower. She had already washed off the sweat and dust of the day, but still went through the motions and activated the “Personal Washer” in the shower to thoroughly rinse herself off (from the collar down) before putting on her bathing robe. She wrapped a towel around her silky hair to hold it in place and finally padded into the bathing area that finally quieted down. At this moment, every teammate in the area locked their gaze on Miyuki’s figure.

“W……What’s wrong?”

Miyuki shrank back as she came to a halt, but no one replied.

The number of looks never changed.

“Everyone, stop, Miyuki is straight!”

For some reason, Honoka said this in a solemn and stirring voice, which shattered the unnatural silence.

“Honoka?”

Honoka’s words were too vague for Miyuki to comprehend its meaning.

“Ah~ Sorry, sorry, accidentally lost track of myself.”

Sitting in the innermost corner by the edge of bath was a young lady from Class D named Satomi Subaru who spoke in a gentlemanly tone that would not seem out of place on a young man. This allowed Miyuki to finally make the connection regarding what Honoka was talking about and also understand exactly what the looks directed her way signified.

“Hold on…… We’re all girls here, what are you talking about?”

Miyuki frantically said and tugged her robe towards the inside of her thighs. This movement actually once more ignited the tense atmosphere within the bathhouse.

The moisture left over from the shower interacted with the steam let off by the onsen, causing the thin fabric to cling tightly to the body, revealing Miyuki’s feminine curves as well as the vibrant twin orbs on her chest.

The front collar revealed flesh that was dyed to a faint pink.

Extending beneath the short hem of the robes was a pair of impeccable, dazzling, and beautiful legs.

Especially in Miyuki’s condition, even compared to being completely unclothed, even in a bathing robe that was far less revealing than her swimsuit, this brewed an irresistibly lovable charisma.

“……Are all girls, yeah, I understand, but……”

“I don’t know how to say this…… But if it’s Miyuki that’s OK.”

Everyone whispered in profound agreement.

“That’s enough! Now you’re just going too far.”

Even at this disadvantage, Miyuki bravely strode into the bath.

She gracefully sank into bath and stretched out her legs under everyone’s unblinking gaze.

As she lowered herself to a sitting position, the water reached neck height. The front collar swayed to the movement of the water and, for an instant, Miyuki’s nape was revealed.

Somewhere, a collective gasp could be heard.

This awkward atmosphere was neither joking nor was it intended to cause a scene.





If this continues, Miyuki’s chastity might be in danger.

“Miyuki, I’m with you!”

Fortunately, Honoka splashed down beside Miyuki, disrupting the spider’s web that was closing around the butterfly.

“If you don’t stop now, everyone here runs the risk of bathing in frigid water!”

Upon hearing this threat, all their teammates finally adopted serious expressions and turned away from watching Miyuki.

Even with their eyes elsewhere, they were still consciously drawn to Miyuki.

Plainly, there were many young girls present, but no one ventured to speak.

On the other hand, Miyuki wanted to protest to Honoka’s words, but felt that rashly proclaiming that “she definitely wouldn’t do anything like that” may be a dangerous move that would upset the delicate balance, so she refrained.

“……What happened?”

Shizuku, who had hitherto been staying in the sauna by herself, asked innocently as she beheld the awkward atmosphere in the bathhouse.

Likely self-reflecting after someone finally asked, the young ladies returned to normal.

Once the young girls adopted their regular behavior, the bathhouse was once again filled with the sounds of talk and laughter.

The subjects that girls talk about are more than just fashion and romance.

Still, fashion and romance were truly two of the most popular subjects.

While soaking in the bath, the conversation naturally turned to the males they met during the previous night’s banquet. The primary target were “boys”, but included some “men” and a small group of “older men”. This sounds like the breath of their admiration spanned a large spectrum, but honestly that was how it was:

“—So, the bartender behind the counter was quite an interesting old timer.”

“Whoa…… That guy’s totally over 40. To think that you’re interested in middle-aged men, I think your life is over……”

“Correction, please say interesting gentleman. In my eyes, high school students are all immature kids that are completely undependable.”

“Really~? I don’t think all the boys our age are like that, maybe because you’ve been seeing the wrong people?”

“Yeah, Isori-senpai looks pretty tolerant, right? More importantly, he looks like a decent guy.”

“I feel kind of empty going after someone with a girlfriend already, you know? Also in Isori-senpai’s case, his girlfriend has already advanced to fiancée.”

“Speaking of dependable, I guess that has to be Juumonji-senpai?”

“Nah, Juumonji-senpai is too dependable. Not only that, he’s also the Ten Master Clans’ future successor.”

“Speaking of successors of the Ten Master Clans, there’s the successor for the Ichijou Family from Third High, right?”

“Ah, I saw him, he’s pretty hot.”

“Yeah, I know you shouldn’t judge boys by outward appearances, but it certainly doesn’t hurt if he is easy on the eyes.”

……Just like that.

All of a sudden, Eimi suddenly thrust the conversation back to Miyuki, who was sitting in the corner of the bath letting the (mental) exhaustion soak out of her.

“Speaking of Ichijou from Third High, he was watching Miyuki with burning eyes.”

Eimi was speaking to Miyuki, but Miyuki was unable to respond to these words.

“Eh, really?”

“Maybe it was love at first sight?”

“This is Miyuki we’re talking about, it’s highly possible.”

“You should say that it would be strange for boys not to fall in love with Miyuki at first sight, right?”

“Maybe they knew each other from long ago.”

Everyone listening let out delighted shrieks.

“Miyuki, is that true?”

Shizuku didn’t join the shrieking and adopted a serious tone — Shizuku’s tone lacked the normal voice inflection, so even if she personally didn’t intend to, she still came across as being solemn — as she asked Miyuki.

Miyuki’s response was:

“……Allow me to be perfectly clear, I’ve only seen Ichijou-kun in pictures and didn’t even know where he was located during the banquet.”

This might qualify as being callous or sheer overkill, and if Third High had heard Miyuki’s response, morale probably would have plummeted. The young girls bursting with expectations were all taken aback upon hearing this answer.

Even so, there were always people who refused to surrender.

“If that’s the case, what type of guy does Miyuki like? Is it truly like your brother’s type?”

The one who reacted to Subaru’s words was not Miyuki, but Honoka instead. Her body tensed momentarily, which was only detected by Shizuku who was sitting beside her.

Miyuki displayed an incredibly calm attitude and an almost wordless expression as she answered Subaru.

“I have no idea where you think this is going…… But Onii-sama and I are siblings by blood, so I’ve never seen Onii-sama as a romantic partner. Also, I don’t believe there’s anyone else in the entire world that could be the same as Onii-sama.”

Hearing Miyuki’s reply, Subaru and Eimi were distinctly disappointed (Subaru’s expression looked a little forced).

Afterwards, no one else questioned Miyuki and Tatsuya’s relationship.

Yet, within the bath, two girls did not fully accept Miyuki’s answer.

In Miyuki’s tone, Honoka and Shizuku read something entirely different from the words “I’ve never seen Onii-sama as a romantic partner”.




After Tatsuya dispatched Miyuki and company back to their rooms — though he became the subject of their conversations with their teammates in the underground onsen — he continued adjusting the Activation Sequences in the storage vehicles.

“Shiba-kun, it’s about time to call it a night.”

Hearing these words, Tatsuya glanced around to find only one other person in the vehicle with him.

“It’s that late already?”

The time was roughly midnight.

Isori revealed a gender neutral smile and nodded at Tatsuya’s words (By the way, Isori’s wardrobe and hairstyle were both neutral, causing Tatsuya to suspect this senpai of his intentionally dressed in a non-masculine manner).

“The participants Shiba-kun is responsible for compete on the 4th day, so I think it’s not a good idea to be so tense from the start.”

“You’re right.”

Tatsuya was on duty for the 1st Year female students in Speed Shooting, Icicle Destruction, and Mirage Bat. This was partially born of Miyuki and company’s wishes, but also because of the 1st Year male students (especially Morisaki) stonewalling him in defiance (Miyuki was participating in Icicle Destruction and Mirage Bat, Honoka in Battle Board and Mirage Bat, and Shizuku in Speed Shooting and Icicle Destruction).

The 1st Year Division — the Newcomers Division was set between the 4th and 8th days of the contest.

Compared to the auxiliaries in charge of the participants competing tomorrow, Tatsuya had considerably more time on his hands.

Kanon was set to participate in Icicle Destruction on the 2nd and 3rd days, but Isori was in charge of participants appearing on stage tomorrow.

“Then, senpai, I’m taking my leave.”

Tatsuya intentionally avoided inviting Isori to also call it quits and left the storage vehicle by himself.

Despite being near midnight, evenings in the height of summer did not have a noticeably lower temperature.

Perfect for taking a stroll in T-shirts.

Tatsuya opted not to head directly back to his room and strolled around the perimeter of the hotel, where he detected an oddly nervous presence.

This presence told him that someone was holding his breath while surveying the premises.

Initially, Tatsuya thought this was a thief, but quickly rejected this line of thinking.

A presence that desired to hide itself but was unable to, reeked of bloodthirsty impulses.

Tatsuya spread out his senses and directly linked to the information dimension — the colossal information body that contained the data for the myriad objects around him.

(Three people in total, located near…… The railings near the hotel camouflaged to look like foliage.)

Each of them carried handguns and small explosives.

Even if they were in the outer periphery of the hotel, they were well within areas under military jurisdiction, and the security around the base definitely wasn’t that relaxed. Pickets and cameras would monitor the entrances and immediately deny all infiltrators and were especially merciless toward armed and dangerous individuals.

These guys were malefactors who had penetrated the security perimeter and had even prepared explosives.

Despite not having a CAD on hand, they were too dangerous to be ignored.

Tatsuya soundlessly began to sprint.

His senses captured an ally that was also rapidly approaching the three suspicious individuals.

His sneaking skills were not inferior to Tatsuya’s own.

According to their starting positions, even though the two of them were approaching the targets at similar velocity — Mikihiko was going to make contact first.

As Tatsuya sprinted forward, he also began constructing support magics.

His Magic Power was so specialized that he could only use certain magics and, even without a CAD, as long as he was using those magics, he was equal to any other Magician using a CAD in terms of speed, detail and strength.

Mikihiko began invoking his magic.

He wasn’t using a CAD.

The data provided through the information dimension told Tatsuya that this wasn’t an illusion, it was a concept.

Mikihiko pulled out three fortune tellers — probably meant to be charms.

Mikihiko wasn’t planning on using modern magic, he was using Ancient Magic.

Before Tatsuya “knew” this, psions flew through Tatsuya’s hands into the developing technique.

Modern magic and Ancient Magic were grounded in the same fundamental theory, which is using interference with the “data” attached to an “existence” and taking one step further to rewrite the “phenomenon”.

The difference lay in how the interference worked and was expressed.

The magic system that Mikihiko used did not construct the interfering information body (the Magic Sequence) in the Magic Calculation Area, but split this into three steps: add data into the charm in his hand to turn it into a medium, float the now disconnected “material” into the information dimension to morph it into “independent, non-material information body” and control it, then try to rewrite the phenomenon.

Compared to the ability of information bodies that can directly interact with phenomena, such as information bodies from modern magic, this system possessed inferior speed and flexibility, but was less susceptible to resistance to phenomenon-rewriting. If this was phenomenon rewriting within certain parameters, Ancient Magic could accomplish large scale effects while using less power than modern magic.

For Tatsuya, who could dissect Magic Sequences in an instant, all of these details flashed across his mind in a short instant.

He also noticed a trace of distress within Mikihiko’s technique.

(He’s not going to make it.)

The magic Mikihiko was using had too many unnecessary hurdles, lengthening the casting time to intolerable degrees.

Tatsuya set the target for “dissolution” as the handgun in the miscreants’ hands.



The reason Mikihiko detected the perilous presence was because he was in the middle of magic training.

This was one of the deepest corners in the hotel gardens.

Far from any buildings, he found a location in the area surrounding the hotel where no one would come snooping to begin his daily “training”.

“Spirits” are an assemblage formed from “concepts” such as “wind, water, fire, earth” and are far removed from individual phenomena. The basic training from Divine Earth Magic (Spirit Magic) is to synchronize oneself with the spirits’ senses.

From modern magic’s perspective, spirits are things that have broken away from their actual bodies and are information bodies floating in an ocean of data.

They move about as a concept in the information world, assemble together as a conceptual expression, and materialize in the actual world.

Rumors say there is a way to detect these “non-material bodies”.

Still, through contact with these types of “spirits”, Mikihiko truly felt that they “existed” in the actual world.

This was not grounded in theory, but through his perception and feelings.

For Mikihiko, spirits truly existed in this location and were existences that possessed consciousness. With this type of contact, spirits were able to inform Mikihiko about all sorts of “details” and “objects”.

Just as Mikihiko started this synchronization training, he “learned” that there were people on the outskirts of the hotel.

Originally, he thought they were people out on business or patrolling soldiers, so he didn’t pay much attention.

It was only after the spirits repeatedly notified him that Mikihiko realized this might be a warning.

Synchronized with the spirits, he spread the spirits’ senses towards the direction they warned him.

What he caught was a thread of “malice”.

Mikihiko’s expression tightened.

For a moment, he debated whether he should call for backup or engage by himself.

Mikihiko wasn’t confident he could suppress any opponent in his current state. He was reluctant to admit it, but it was true that he wasn’t confident. Thus, he bit his lip and elected to return to the hotel and call it in.

However, his emotions protested this logical choice.

Something other than logic told him that there wasn’t enough time.

The agitation surging through his body was like the spirits warning him to “act quickly”.

Rather than head towards the hotel, Mikihiko charged towards the “malice”.

He was worried.

He questioned whether he was able to overcome the firearms the opponents were carrying.

Very few Magicians were able to triumph over firearms in extreme close quarters combat.

If there was cover, magic that was unaffected by line of sight or obstacles had the advantage.

In situations where cover was not available, Magicians had a hard time countering the speed at which a trigger could be pulled.

Still, Mikihiko expelled these concerns as cowardice and forged ahead.

Yesterday’s events flashed across his mind.

Mikihiko was forced to work as a servant under his father’s orders.

Erika said this was due to a clerical error, but Mikihiko knew the truth behind the matter.



—Go and behold where you should be standing.

Two nights ago, his father said that to him.

Working as a servant was only a method to get to his objective.

Maybe Mikihiko’s father wanted him to see his peers in glory to shock him out of his current state.

Maybe his father wanted to arouse an angry determination.

Yet, these words and methods only lodged themselves deep in Mikihiko’s soul as overwhelming humiliation.

At this time, Mikihiko wanted to demonstrate that “he wasn’t powerless”.

The location was a night sky illuminated by a few sparse stars, but the Yoshida Family’s training methods included nocturnal training in pitch darkness.

Even relying only on star light, this was no obstacle whatsoever.

As he closed in on the sense of malice that could now readily be identified as human, Mikihiko prepared his talismans.

Three targets required three talismans.

His targets should have already noticed Mikihiko’s approach.

The enmity and malice directed towards Mikihiko verified that these three were the malefactors.

No time to hesitate.

Enmity had already turned into killing intent.

Hesitation would lead to failure.

The targets’ identification were not first priority.

Mikihiko channeled magic power into the talismans and started invoking his magic.

A flashing light appeared in Mikihiko’s right hand, which twinkled in time with the electricity formed above the malefactors’ heads.

Lightning would strike them in less than a second.

Still, it took less than one second to pull the trigger.

Seeing this, Tatsuya immediately made the call and invoked the prepared “dissolution” magic.

The three handguns in the three malefactors’ hands fell apart according to the change in their information bodies.

Immediately afterwards—

The miniature lightning strike threw down all three of the targets.

“Who is it!”

Mikihiko demanded in a stern voice, not towards the enemies currently lying on the other side of the railing, but to the Magician who came to his aid from behind.

Mikihiko understood perfectly.

His magic wasn’t going to make it in time.

The reason he was uninjured was because another Magician offered his aid.

This skirmish forced him to concede that his magic had lost its former alacrity.

“It’s me.”

“Tatsuya?”

From Mikihiko’s breath alone, one could tell that he suffered a terrible blow.

However, Tatsuya only made a brief response and didn’t stop before vaulting onto the railing.

Using personal Weight Magic to lessen the gravitational pull, he easily flipped over the two meter tall railing.

Mikihiko blankly watched him leave before recovering himself and pulling out a new talisman and executed the same Weight Magic.

When Mikihiko landed on the far side of the railing, Tatsuya was already kneeling down next to the fallen intruders.

“Tatsuya?”

This word contained several intermixed questions.

Even Mikihiko himself wasn’t sure what he wanted to ask.

“They’re not dead. Well done.”

Tatsuya appeared to be answering his question regarding the intruders’ status, or he may have seen through Mikihiko’s state of panic and elected to answer in the least confusing manner.

“Ah?”

Mikihiko didn’t understand why Tatsuya was praising him.

He masochistically thought that he should be the one who was taken out.

“Limited visibility on the targets, precision large ranged attack on multiple targets, even with capture as first priority, no fatal injuries were inflicted and only one blow was sufficient to deprive mobility. I say this rates as an excellent combat result.”

Tatsuya’s words were calm enough to be called callous, but just hearing them alone was enough to know that he was just being polite or comforting.

The one Mikihiko couldn’t believe was himself, not Tatsuya.

“……But my magic originally wasn’t going to make it in time and, without Tatsuya’s backup, I would have been shot.”

The words sprouted from Mikihiko’s mouth were self-derisively beyond his own control.

“How foolish.”

“……Ah?”

However, Tatsuya’s direct reprimand was enough to render Mikihiko unable to continue berating himself.

“‘If there was no backup’ is only an assumption. Your magic was successfully able to capture the intruders — that is the only truth.”

“…………”

Tatsuya’s merciless scolding and subsequent points astounded Mikihiko.

“In reality, I did provide support, and your magic was successful, so what do you mean ‘originally’? Mikihiko, what exactly did you think was going to happen?”

“That……”

“No matter how many opponents there are and how well-trained they are, a Magician should be able to triumph without any backup. I sincerely hope you are not operating under these assumptions?”

Mikihiko suddenly felt like the bottom of his stomach was giving out.

He understood very clearly how ridiculous the “assumptions” that Tatsuya referred to were.

Yet, in the inner depths of his heart, did he never truly stop and consider the assumptions Tatsuya was mentioning?

“Seriously…… I’ll intentionally say this again. Mikihiko, you are very foolish.”

“Tatsuya……”

“Why do you reject yourself to this level?

Why do you disparage yourself to this level?

What is it that so dissatisfies you?”

“……Even if I tried to explain, Tatsuya, you wouldn’t understand. There’s no point in talking about it.”

“There may be.”

Mikihiko reacted by throwing up a high wall and retreating behind it, but Tatsuya’s ensuing words smashed the wall to bits.

“Ah……?”

This time it was Mikihiko’s turn to be speechless, while Tatsuya pierced him with a sharp look.

“Mikihiko, you’re concerned about the magic activation speed, correct?”

“……You heard that from Erika?”

“No.”

“……Then how do you know?”

“Your technique is too verbose.”

“……What did you say?”

“My point is, the problem isn’t your capability, but the technique itself. This is the underlying reason why you cannot wield magic the way you desire.”

“How would you know that!”

Mikihiko roared.

Because he was in a state of panic.

Because he was exasperated.

The technique he uses was a product the Yoshida Family had refined over many years by incorporating the aspects of the traditions in Ancient Magic and the results of modern magic.

After seeing it once or twice, Tatsuya immediately tossed it out as a blemished product, which threw Mikihiko into a rage.

He always rejected this line of thinking as a vain attempt to escape from reality, but after hearing Tatsuya bring up this previously ignored topic, Mikihiko panicked.

“I do know. But you don’t need to force yourself to believe me.”

Yet, Tatsuya calmly replied to Mikihiko’s furious outburst, forcing Mikihiko to respond with an even more wavering statement.

“……What did you say?”

Mikihiko used the same words as he did before, but this time the tone was vastly different.

“I can comprehend any magic design that I can ‘see’, which allows me to read the details behind any Activation Sequence and to provide an in-depth analysis of the Magic Sequence.”

Tatsuya replied with this outrageous answer.

Mikihiko’s panic had hit a peak.

He had never heard of a Magician capable of such a feat and, if someone with this unique ability truly exists, then half the mysteries facing modern magic theory would be solved in an instant.

“……Again, you don’t need to force yourself to believe me.”

Tatsuya repeated his earlier words.

Mikihiko felt like he was telling him “what follows next is your own problem”.

“Let’s table this topic for now. Ignoring that for the moment, we still need to deal with these guys. I’ll keep watch for the moment, could you call security? Or do you want me to go?”

Honestly, with Mikihiko’s mental state right now, he was unable to consider whether Tatsuya’s “confession” was true or not, so he desperately clung to the life line thrown at him.

“Ah, I’ll go.”

“Understood, I’ll wait here.”

Mikihiko once more activated his “Leaping” technique and vanished over the railing.

On the other hand, Tatsuya briefly considered how to restrict the intruders’ freedom of movement, and ultimately elected to bury them. He could use “Dissolution” to remove the excess dirt, so he needed to use both “Separate” and “Move” magics. Doing so without a CAD was truly a tiresome task, but just like the earlier “Leaping”, Tatsuya had already memorized such a simple Magic Sequence and, as long as he performed them sequentially and not simultaneously, this really didn’t pose a problem.

Ironically, this was one advantage gleaned from the artificial virtual Magic Calculation Area currently residing in his consciousness, which was the ability to recall any Magic Sequence stored in his memory.

(I’m a devious man.)

He held onto the victim’s perspective, but viewed the byproduct as an efficient tool to use.

Tatsuya smirked at his unprincipled self and prepared to invoke his magic.

—But there appeared to be no need for that.

A familiar presence approached, prompting Tatsuya to cancel his magic.

Shortly after, the other person initiated the conversation.

“Special Lieutenant, your earlier suggestion was truly merciless.”

“Major, you heard all that?”

Tatsuya didn’t detect Kazama eavesdropping.

Which was honestly not that surprising.

Kazama had studied under Kokonoe Yakumo longer than Tatsuya had and was considered to be Yakumo’s second best student. Without linking to the information dimension, Tatsuya found it very difficult to trace Kazama’s presence.

Tatsuya saluted in greeting, to which Kazama smirked in response.

“Isn’t it rare for the usually completely indifferent Special Lieutenant to do such a thing?”

“Labeling this one ‘completely indifferent’ is uncalled for.”

“Or maybe you sympathize with his plight? That young man shares similar problems as you do.”

“This one has long since graduated from that level of concern.”

“In other words, you’re someone who’s been around the block?”

“……Could you deal with these people?”

Kazama revealed a foxy smile as he mercilessly pressed the attack and Tatsuya, who had lost all avenues of retreat, finally managed to change the topic.

“Leave that to me, I’ll explain everything to the base CO.”

Still, Kazama realized that continuing to pursue this line of questioning served no purpose.

He retracted his smile and solemnly nodded towards Tatsuya.

“Sorry for troubling you.”

“No worries, looks like many unexpected things were added to your plate as well.”

“True. But I wonder what these guys were trying to do?”

“God knows, handling criminals isn’t in our job description…… Yet they are surprisingly capable and proactive. Tatsuya, be wary.”

“Yes, thank you for your concern.”

“We’ll talk in detail tomorrow at noon.”

“Yes, sir, then allow this one to depart.”

“Yeah, goodbye.”

The two of them changed from superior and subordinate to two friendly disciples bidding each other farewell.





Chapter 5




The day after Tatsuya’s unplanned night time excursion.

The Nine Schools Competition began without further incident.

In the next ten days, the number of spectators alone exceeded 100,000 people. Even though the location was inconvenient, at least 10,000 spectators came every day to watch the contests, and the number of online viewers easily surpassed 100 times this number.

While it couldn’t draw the same numbers as popular professional sports games, there was still a large number of people who paid attention to this event. That being said, very few people knew about the details regarding last night’s incident.

The participants all possessed first class Magic Power but were still high school students.

The malefactors’ attack ended without any meaningful accomplishment, so the military judged that it would not negatively impact the participants. As such, they elected to keep the secret.

Rather than calling the opening ceremony glamorous, an orderly impression was more obvious. The magic contests were gaudy enough in their own right, so there was no need for any additional ceremony to embellish the issue, and neither were there tedious speeches from dignitaries. After the school songs from the nine schools were played in succession, the events officially began.

The curtains were drawn for the next ten days, where men and women each competed in 5 events for the Official Division as well as the 5 events for men and women in the Newcomers Division for a total of 20 events.

The 1st day’s events were the preliminaries and elimination rounds for “Speed Shooting” and the preliminaries for “Battle Board”.

The difference in scheduling reflected the time needed for each event.

“Onii-sama, the President is about to take the field.”

“So our main strength is taking the stage for the first event, though I recall Watanabe-senpai’s preliminary round is the third one?”

“Yes.”

Tatsuya and company headed towards the Speed Shooting stands to watch Mayumi’s event. From the left, the order was Shizuku, Honoka, Tatsuya, and Miyuki. They were not seated in the participants’ area in the arena proper, but in the regular audience stands.

“Speed Shooting” involves using magic to destroy flying targets from 30 meters out within a limited period of time. The key lies in how accurate and how fast one could fire magic outwards, hence the name “Speed Shooting”.

The contest was divided into two portions.

In the preliminary round, contestants advanced on individual merit based on the number of targets destroyed within five minutes.

The preliminary round simultaneously used four shooting galleries to conduct six contests, with the top eight advancing to the Elite Eight.

Also, only 24 contestants were allowed to participate.

If all nine schools sent three contestants, there would be a total of 27, but three of the nine lost their right to participate due to their performance from the previous year and were only able to dispatch two contestants.

Besides “Monolith Code”, all events shared this rule.

After the Elite Eight, the event turned into a duel format.

There were 100 red and 100 white targets in the arena, with the total number of corresponding targets destroyed determining the victor.

“Highly destructive magics can be used during the preliminaries to swiftly destroy a large number of targets in one go, but after the Elite Eight, precision targeting is far more important.”

Shizuku nodded at Tatsuya’s words, as Shizuku was the only one among them to participate in the Speed Shooting portion of the Newcomers Division.

“Generally speaking, most people use different magics during the preliminary and elimination rounds……”

“But President Saegusa is renowned for using the same magic during these two rounds.”

In the middle of Tatsuya’s explanation, a young lady behind them cut in.

“Erika.”

“Hey, Tatsuya-kun.”

“Yo.”

“Morning.”

“Tatsuya-kun, Miyuki-san, Honoka-san, Shizuku-san, good morning everyone.”

Seated behind Tatsuya and company, from right to left, were Leo, Erika, Mizuki, and Mikihiko (but the speaking order was Erika, Leo, Mikihiko, and Mizuki).

The reason why the four of them found these spots was that they were sitting in the back row.

“Aren’t there more spots up front?”

“That’s because I saw Tatsuya-kun’s group sitting here, and it’s easier to see everything from the back, right?”

“True.”

The stands were built like a series of rising stairs, with the higher levels in the back.

This is an event involving shooting targets at high speed, so the spectators in the front rows have to possess the same eyesight as the contestants.

Even so, the spectators still crowded forward, because—

“Because there are an amazing amount of stupid boys.”

Erika disdainfully declared in a way that wasn’t altogether joking.

“Looks like there are more than teenager boys mixed in.”

Tatsuya replied in a sarcastic tone.

In other words, for this reason, there were no spare seats in the front rows.

“Is this what is called ‘Onee-sama~’? How depressing.”

“Don’t be like that, there might be considerable value up front. Even for someone like me who sees the President on a daily basis, she seems like a completely different person now.”

“Whoa! Miyuki, what shall we do? Your Onii-sama has fallen for someone else!”

At Erika’s ridiculous words, Tatsuya and Miyuki could only wryly smile.

The subject of their conversation was……

“The ‘Elven Sniper’, quite the suitable title.”

“The President dislikes the term, so make sure not to bring it up in front of her.”

Tatsuya’s admonishment caused Honoka to shrug in her neck.

The teenage boys and girls squeezed into the front rows to admire Mayumi, who was waiting in the first shooting gallery for the contest to begin.

Mayumi wore a pair of mufflers over her luminous locks of hair, a pair of transparent goggles, an elastic pair of uniform pants and an upturned tunic that could be easily mistaken for a mini-suit. Paired with a rifle-shaped CAD that was mandatory for all Speed Shooting events, this created the perfect combination of cuteness and heroism as if she was the female lead in an upcoming movie.

“There are actually people who use the President as the subject for doujins……”

Mizuki softly said this probably because this getup jolted something in her memory.

“……That’s the first I’ve heard of that.”

However, this came so far out of left field that even Erika was barely able to manage a response in time.

“……Mizuki, exactly under what context did you come by this knowledge? If your ‘interests’ lie in that direction, I may have to re-examine our friendship.”

Looks like Miyuki and Erika were thinking of the same thing. This outwardly serious voice contained roughly 10% earnestness.

“Eh? No, I don’t have those kinds of interests!”

Still, Mizuki was undoubtedly the most shaken.

“It’s starting.”

Mizuki was in a full state of panic at realizing what they were hinting at, but managed to snap out of it and quiet down at Tatsuya’s words.

The spectator stands were deathly quiet.

The participants were wearing ear muffs, so no amount of audience noise would affect them, but this was a matter of principle.

The participants raised their slender, elongated rifles that almost looked like cane-shaped competition-use CADs, while their poise and concentration caused the silenced audience to grip the edge of their seats.

The flashing light signaled for them to begin.

Targets flew through the sky accompanied by soft firing sounds.

“They’re fast……!”

Were the soft words that burst out of Shizuku referring to the flight velocity of the targets?

—Or was she referring to Mayumi’s magic that was busy smashing targets left and right?

Mayumi didn’t raise her head and stood stock still with her CAD aimed forward.

This event never relied on using the rifle to shoot bullets, so there was no need to visually line up with the target and the CAD never possessed a muzzle or scope.

Rather than presenting arms, her stance was more akin to drawing a bow.

The targets shot forth at irregular intervals.

A total of a hundred targets in five minutes.

On the average, that was one target every 3 seconds.

Compared to normal shooting, this was a ridiculously fast pace. Complicating the matter was that sometimes multiple targets shot forth within a tight interval and sometimes, five or six would fly out after a 10 second interval.

Mayumi shot down every “individual” target without missing a beat.

The five minute contest was over in the blink of an eye.

“……She was perfect.”

Mayumi removed her protective goggles and ear mufflers as she smiled in response to the spectators’ applause. Seeing her, Tatsuya murmured as if he could think of nothing else to say.

“She was using sub-sonic bullets formed from ice particles, correct?”

Miyuki asked as she was applauding, prompting Tatsuya to smile and nod.

“Correct, I’m surprised you could tell.”

“……That was trivial enough that even I could see that……”

Erika retorted in a huff, causing Tatsuya to chuckle wryly.

“That’s true, seeing the same magic a hundred times certainly makes it easier.”

Someone averted their eyes in shame (probably because they couldn’t see it), but Tatsuya elected to pretend he didn’t see them.

“One hundred? She didn’t miss once?”

Honoka asked Tatsuya in honest surprise, likely brought about by her direct personality.

“Correct, the amazing aspect is not the speed of magic invocation or number of times activated, but the precision entailed. Even using Sensory Magic at the same time, the individual still needs to use their brain to process the data. I don’t know if it’s because she’s accumulated enough experience in repeated calculations or is simply that talented…… She is truly worthy of being one of the direct descendants of the Ten Master Clans.”

“Did the President use Sensory Magic?”

Mizuki exclaimed in surprise, but the difference was that many people mirrored her expression this time.

“Long Range Visual Systematic Sensory Magic ‘Multi-Scope’ is not meant to examine non-material bodies or information bodies, but observe a physical object from multiple angles like a visual radar. The President often uses this sort of magic.”

Tatsuya’s gaze asked “Didn’t you notice?” to which Mizuki shook her head.

“During the school assembly, she would use this magic to ‘watch’ every corner, which is a very rare ability…… Don’t you think that this level of shooting is impossible for the naked eye?”

“That’s true.”

Shizuku immediately replied. During the competition, she was putting herself in Mayumi’s shoes and considering her options in the shooting gallery.

“Still, the President is using Speed-Type Magic to turn air molecules into ice particles then applying acceleration to sub-sonic levels and using Sensory Magic at the same time, right? With Sensory Magic running, and then using deceleration and acceleration back and forth a hundred times, the President has amazing Magic Power.”

At this point, the “Magic Power” Leo was talking about did not refer to the “Magic Power” from the technical skills assessment, but the more generic context of having the physical capacity of repeatedly casting spells.

A common misunderstanding is that magic is an activity that consumes energy.

Phenomena are not rewritten by burning physical energy, but by editing the data surrounding the phenomena.

In order to edit the data, a Magic Sequence formed from psions is required, so the number of times magic can be invoked is limited by the difference in the scale of Magic Sequences. The “Magic Power” Leo is talking about here, if likened to an actual concept, would be similar to the mental strain exerted on the body.

“The President is using a variant of ‘Hale Particles’. The original ‘Hale Particles’ is already a highly efficient form of magic and with the President’s ability, she could probably cast this 1000 times rather than a paltry 100 times.”

Tatsuya’s endless praise towards Mayumi elicited complex expressions from Miyuki and the others.

They also acknowledged that Mayumi’s Magic Power was incredible, but hearing Tatsuya, who was usually very critical on all things magic, give such unrestrained praise could not help but arouse some jealousy.

On the other hand, Leo was concerned about something else entirely.

“Eh, but to create ice in the heat of summer and then accelerate to subsonic levels should require a lot of power. Even if conservation of energy doesn’t wholly apply to magic, I still find it hard to believe Tatsuya’s assessment that you can use such a small amount of magic to achieve such a level of phenomena rewriting.”

“While it may not wholly apply, that does not mean they are unrelated.”

Tatsuya rose and headed towards the “Battle Board” spectator stands while responding with this mysterious answer.

“What do you mean?”

Leo chased after Tatsuya and asked again.

“Magic is a technique that involves changing phenomena and is not limited by conservation of energy. However, the object being rewritten remains bound by the law of conservation of energy. For example, if you apply Speed Magic to an object, without using magic to maintain its condition, the accelerated object will turn cold, since the objects own heat is being converted to energy of motion; if you cast Heat Magic on a speeding object, without using magic to maintain its velocity, then the target object will slow down, since the object’s energy of motion is being converted to heat. Generally, magic strives to avoid changing unrelated aspects by adding in measures to maintain the status quo, so there’s rarely an opportunity to observe this in action.

The laws of physics are very difficult to circumvent and, even when altered by illogical forces like magic, it will attempt to revert back to a logical outcome. Thus, magic that does not break the law of conservation of energy remains a ‘natural’ phenomenon and from a magic perspective, it does not require high interference strength.

You should understand by now, right? The magic used to accelerate the ice particles is based on taking the heat that is removed from the frozen particles and converting it into the energy of projectile motion, thus scamming the laws of physics. While this runs counter to the law of entropy and is something that would never occur in nature, it’s a more logical explanation than simply constructing ice particles, accelerating the ice particles with magic, then applying thermodynamics.”

“……I get the feeling that I’ve just been conned.”

“Leo, magic is an ability used to ‘deftly deceive the world’, remember that.”

“In other words, we Magicians are con artists out to ruin the world?”

“The stronger the Magician, the more likely he’s a crook.”

Tatsuya was utterly serious as he explained all of this, but at Erika and Shizuku’s added commentary, he could only smile in response.




“Battle Board” was a contest where the participant used a spindle-shaped surf board that was 285 cm long and 51 cm wide to navigate an artificial waterway. The surf board had no propulsion of its own, so the participants needed to use magic to arrive at the finish line. During the course, attacks on other players themselves or their boards were forbidden, but magic was allowed to be cast on the water’s surface.

There was no unified set of rules for this event. This contest was originally designed by the navy to train Magicians, so with magic as a prerequisite, it was impossible for this event to be popularized enough to warrant a unified set of rules.

The Battle Board portion of the Nine Schools Competition involved completing three laps around a 3 km long waterway. The waterway possessed straight courses and sharp turns as well as uphill and waterfall portions.

Men and women each raced on a separate track, but there were no notable differences in difficulty.

The preliminary stage contained six rounds with four contestants each, while the elimination stage contained two rounds with three contestants each, with the four eliminated players competing for third place. The finals were held in a duel format.

The average duration of each round was 15 minutes.

The highest speed may exceed 30 knots — which is roughly 55~60 km per hour. Atop the surf board, the players had no cover against the incoming wind. Unlike other nautical races that could benefit from being downwind, Battle Board was entirely against the wind. Just dealing with the air resistance alone quickly sapped the players’ endurance.

“Female contestants usually have a hard time in this event. Honoka, how are you physically?”

“No problems. On Tatsuya-kun’s advice, I’ve been undergoing physical training. After being selected, I’ve also lengthened my hours of sleep.”

Unrelated to the Nine Schools Competition, Tatsuya was concerned about Honoka’s physical stamina from the first moment they met and thus advised her to not just undergo magic training, but also physical training as well. Tatsuya merely mentioned this out of hand, but Honoka surprisingly took it to heart.

“Honoka really put on some muscle.”

“Ew, Miyuki don’t be like that. I don’t want to be a female body builder.”

Hearing this two-sided conversation, even Tatsuya laughed aloud.

“You see…… Even Tatsuya-kun laughed.”

“He’s only laughing because Honoka spoke in an odd manner.”

“Now even Shizuku is saying so…… Fine, I know when I’m being excluded. I’m not like the two of you — Tatsuya-kun isn’t willing to take care of my event.”

Honoka’s sudden tantrum mystified Tatsuya so much that he couldn’t laugh any more.

Exactly why was she gunning for him now?

“……I’m responsible for Honoka’s support and maintenance during ‘Mirage Bat’.”

At any rate, Tatsuya only responded to her literal complaint.

However……

“So ‘Battle Board’ isn’t included? Plainly, both of Miyuki and Shizuku’s events are within Tatsuya-kun’s purview……”

This seemed to have achieved the opposite effect.

“……Instead, I’ve helped you train and strategize, so it’s not like I’m excluding you……”

While trying to justify himself, Tatsuya felt himself falling into a sticky predicament and started to stutter.

“Tatsuya-kun, Honoka-san isn’t referring to that.”

Upon seeing this, Mizuki interrupted, but it didn’t sound like she couldn’t stand this scene any longer.

“Onii-sama…… I think you’re being a little too slow.”

Following Mizuki, it was Miyuki’s turn.

“We’ve discovered Tatsuya-kun’s unexpected weakness.”

And Erika next.

“Blockhead?”

Shizuku also joined in on the attack.

Under siege from the women, Tatsuya was struck speechless. He felt that they were being ridiculously illogical, but at the same time he felt that resistance was futile.

Not that he got any support from the guys.

Until the contest began, Tatsuya could only patiently endure this situation.




With the waterway ready and the contestants assuming ready positions, Tatsuya finally escaped.

On route, he understood what Miyuki and the others were driving at.

That being said, understanding another’s proposal was entirely different from being able to act on it.

In the future, he needed to be more prudent and keep his mouth shut — Tatsuya inwardly promised himself as he watched the four contestants float towards the starting line.

Being that this is on water, there’s no way to draw lines (not that anyone could even if they wanted to).

Four people lined up along the passage, with Mari standing in the middle.

The other contestants were kneeling on one knee or both to prepare to charge, only Mari stood straight.