
He didn’t show any outward sign of emotion as he calmly replied.




First High was against Third High for the Monolith Code finals.

The back stories behind this match up were legion, to the point that it could even be called a “fateful showdown”, but the finals were even more one-sided than the semifinals.

Maybe it was just karma.

Everything Masaki did to Eighth High in the Newcomers Division was returned with interest.

The setting for this match was the “Valley”.

From the get go, anything that utilized the terrain, such as flying icicles, falling rocks, or even boiling spray, was sent hurtling towards Katsuto in an endless stream.

However, Katsuto’s barrier reflected all the attacks.

Every motion vector was reversed.

Electromagnetic waves (including light) were refracted.

Molecular oscillation was adjusted back to a stable value.

Psion intrusion was denied.

All attacks were obstructed by the multi-layered defensive barrier.

Nothing could stop Katsuto’s advance.

Multi-layer Move-Type Defensive Magic “Phalanx”.

This magic, while putting the real value of the Magicians from the Juumonji Family on full display, was not simply a sustained magic barrier, but a multi-layered barrier that continuously refreshed itself.

This was just like a dense formation of heavy infantry that marched as one to increase the group’s defensive power and then translate that power into offense.

Once the foremost rank of soldiers fell, the next rank would immediately fill in and maintain the defense. This magic inherited the name from that ancient formation and displayed defensive prowess and suffocating pressure worthy of its lofty name.

Katsuto was situated in a narrow arena as he steadily advanced step by step towards the enemy’s position.

The players from Third High couldn’t ignore or avoid him.

If they let up on the attack, surely they would be instantly engulfed by a decisive attack……

Each step increased the pressure a little more, forcing them to cling onto that belief and urged them to press the assault.

Though they were unable to penetrate that wall, they should still have exhausted the defender somewhat. Yet compared to the three panting players from Third High, there was nary a sign of fatigue on Katsuto’s part.

When there were only a paltry 10 meters or so between the two sides, Katsuto finally came to a stop.

He stopped his slow, plodding advance, and bunched all his energy together to kick off the floor.

A boulder-like body flew through the air while parallel to the ground.

He cast Speed-Move Magic on himself, then adopted a shoulder tackle position as he crashed into the enemy players. His impermeable barrier remained active the entire time.

One of the players from Third High was sent flying by the sudden impact against this indomitable barrier.

Katsuto’s gigantic frame didn’t stop for even a second before changing course for the next enemy.

Before this insurmountable barrier and the overwhelming interference strength attached to it, magical defenses and momentum shifting became meaningless.

The players from Third High were helplessly smashed aside as the Monolith Code finals drew to a close.

This complete victory served to crown First High’s overall victory with a fresh crown of laurels.



Seeing Katsuto raise his hands in response to the applause, Tatsuya and his friends also applauded, but were all unable to speak.

Dominant was no longer sufficient to describe what just happened.

Besides terrifying and tremendous, no other words would suffice.

The tactic itself was simple.

Simple enough to describe this as a trial by brute force.

Yet that magic — was not “simply” brute force.

He continuously cycled between the Four Great Systems and Eight Major Types at irregular intervals while creating new barriers — an awe-inspiring “difficult” brute force.

“Amazing…… So that’s the Juumonji Family’s ‘Phalanx’, eh……”

Besides ordinary expressions, even Miyuki had nothing left to say.

This showed that she was shocked by what just happened.

He could understand that sentiment.

But disagreed with her words.

“No…… I doubt that’s the original ‘Phalanx’.”

Multi-layered Defensive Magic “Phalanx” was practically another name for the Juumonji Family.

However, most people never got a chance to catch a glimpse of this magic.

That’s because, in general, there was no need to create a barrier that defended against all major systems and types of magic.

Under the condition that multiple Magicians were attacking the same target, more attacks would lead to an increase in the variability in the types of attack magic and increase the risk for magic interference. All of this was well known.

It wasn’t that Tatsuya had beheld this magic before.

In the earlier match, the multi-layered barrier that Katsuto cast did include magic from all systems and types of magic.

That truly was “Phalanx”.

Still, Tatsuya wasn’t able to accept this conjecture so easily.

“That final attack…… It’s likely that was the original usage of ‘Phalanx’.”

Rather than calling this a leap of logic, this was closer to his intuition.

Even if he believed that the real Phalanx was reserved for something far more terrifying.

“If Onii-sama says so, then that must be how it is. In that case…… Juumonji-senpai certainly has an intimidating power.”

Tatsuya agreed.

While he was clapping in appreciation, Tatsuya suddenly felt Katsuto’s eyes sweep over him.

Katsuto raised his fist to the heavens and basked in his victory.

Tatsuya saw that, for an instant, Katsuto’s gaze matched his own and, in that instant, he revealed a wide smile.

I am stronger than you — that was the declaration Tatsuya read from Katsuto’s eyes.

The grace of kings that forced one to their knees without resorting to brute force.

But at the end of the day, that was only political sophistry.

Before battle was even joined, the awesome might of absolute terror that forced their opponents to abandon their swords and any hope of resistance was the true mark of kings.

Katsuto, he who returned the cheers of victory, understood the value of that power and how to utilize it. He carried the majesty of a monarch.





Chapter 14




In stark contrast to the atmosphere two weeks ago (or to be exact 12 days ago), the hall was filled with a peaceful air.

While it’s easy to proclaim a neutral spirit, it’s not so easy in practice, and it would be a lie to say that there were none with the thoughts of victory or defeat occupying their mind.

But now, the fierce competitions of the past 10 days were over.

The dress code for the festivities was their usual uniforms.

Once again forced to take up his ill-fitting blazer, he thought, “At least if it comes to dancing will this be better?” A thought which had ended up similar to that of digging his own grave.

“Popular, huh?”

Coming up to him with an evil smile was Mari, who had been officially discharged one day earlier.

“Thank you. To tell the truth, I’d far rather be taking it easy.”

As if saying it couldn’t be helped, Tatsuya glanced over at his sister, who was surrounded by a crowd two, three layers deep.

Fellow students, event organizers, base officials who provided the venue, the executives of companies that sponsored the tournament.

Those were inevitable, but with the inclusion of media professionals (production companies, commercial companies, talent agencies) also dressed up as officials, it made one feel like asking what’s the big idea? to the organizers of the party.

Truthfully he would have liked nothing more than to forcefully put those noisy and rude people away, but with a shrewd (frosty?) look, Suzune had warned him against such an approach, so he kept a low profile for the moment.

“I’m not talking about your sister.”

Hearing Tatsuya’s natural reply, Mari chuckled sadly.

“The one I’m referring to is you, Tatsuya-kun.”

From Mari’s point of view, Tatsuya made a tired face.

Although nowhere comparable to the crowd around Miyuki, Tatsuya had been constantly sought out from the start as well.

Most of them were unacquainted adults.

It wasn’t that he had never seen them before.

Due to his work at his father’s company, despite his age, he knew the faces of businessmen quite well.

Still, it was only on the level of a “high school student”.

As a resident of the laboratory, he was not necessarily involved on the business side, but compared to general employees in the same industry he had far more contact than “just a little”.

Of those who had come to talk with him, he knew more than half of them by sight.

“Wasn’t that the president of Rozen’s Japanese branch? This would be the first time he talked to a high school student huh?”

“I wouldn’t know. It’s also my first time here at the Nine Schools Competition after all.”

“Fair enough.”

As Mari gave her wicked grin, Tatsuya felt a twinge of annoyance. —In the threshold of around 80% or so.

“……Well, there’s no helping it. I don’t know why you’re so reluctant, but just as you can tell a fake gem simply by looking at it, when you see the real deal you can immediately tell that too.”

“……”

“Don’t put on such a dissatisfied face. The dance is about to start soon. From there on, it’s students only. Just be patient a little longer.”

Tapping his shoulder, Mari walked over to the drinks table.

She seemed to be in a good mood for some reason.

Far more impressive was that despite pushing herself as always even after being wounded, she now seemed to have made a full recovery.

(So a lover has that kind of effect huh……)

Although he himself had no experience, Tatsuya couldn’t help but say so to himself.

Around a minute after that, she left the party with Naotsugu, and Tatsuya uncharacteristically was left to ponder on such things.

Doing so, he felt like sighing.

To be certain, very soon, the time allocated for adults to work their tricks on the innocent would be over.

Yet even so his mind was heavy. The reason was the dance.




Truth be told, students like Tatsuya were the exception.

As the bigwigs left, the venue seemed to relax, and a carefree atmosphere filled the air.

The soft sound of wind and string instruments began to flow.

At the enthusiasm of the organizers who had prepared an evening of live music, the young men immediately responded.

Making full use of the trials they had gone through, they took the hands of the girls they had grown closer to, and proceeded to the center of the hall.

It was unfortunate they weren’t in dresses, but such a fact was utterly irrelevant to them.

The common dress code for the girls of the nine schools was a silk organdy inner gown (worn under their jacket), which fluttered gently as they moved.

As expected, Miyuki was being swarmed by boys both from school and from without.

It seemed no one was capable of staying away.

Because she was surrounded up until the last minute, she probably hadn’t been able to get a single word out.

Unlike Tatsuya, Miyuki had been firmly taught manners on how to act at a ball (“it’s not a ‘dance party’!”), so provided proper procedure was observed she was unlikely to refuse a dance partner (naturally, that didn’t mean she’d dance with just anyone), but rather it seemed the boys were being embarrassed on their own.

From within that crowd, Tatsuya’s familiar face became visible to Miyuki.

Or rather than saying familiar face, it might be better to say companion.

Leaving the wall, Tatsuya advanced to the edge of the crowd.

He was by no means slender, but he skillfully slipped through the press to stand by Miyuki’s side.

“It’s been two days huh, Ichijou Masaki.”

“Ah, Shiba Tatsuya.”

The two exchanged easygoing greetings.

They didn’t consider themselves friends, yet at the same time, they didn’t think that they needed stiff formalities either.

“Is your ear alright?”

“It’s fine, it’s nothing worth being concerned about.”

“Is that so.”

At Tatsuya’s (intended) politeness, Masaki returned a quip which could hardly be called amiable. Well, for him who suffered defeat in what by all means should have been a victory, he couldn’t really be expected to happily accept concern from the winners. Although his tone was ambiguous, it certainly held a dismissive air.

Becoming aware of Miyuki’s cold gaze turned in his direction, Masaki’s heart sank in dismay.

“Eh, ah…… Ah? Shiba!?”

He suddenly called out Tatsuya’s last name, causing Tatsuya to make a “is this guy alright?” face.

“Are you, her brother!?”





Masaki’s words caused Tatsuya no end of weariness.

“……Are you telling me you only realized just now? Seriously?”

His amazed face implying “I think I understand?”, Masaki stood frozen.

A modest laugh was heard.

Covering her mouth, Miyuki turned away.

“……Ichijou-san, you weren’t able to tell Onii-sama and I were siblings?”

Miyuki’s voice as she spoke to Masaki, as she suppressed her laughter, seemed somehow happy.

“Eh, no, that um…… yes.”

As Masaki gave up trying to find an excuse, Miyuki looked on with a smile.

He wasn’t quite sure what had caught her interest, but it seemed to him that Ichijou had suddenly become sensible in Miyuki’s eyes.

That being said, it only meant he was now considered on the level to be a possible dance candidate.

“You can’t just stay standing here forever, so Miyuki, why don’t you go dance with Ichijou?”

At Tatsuya’s words (or more precisely the “dance with Ichijou” part), Masaki looked up sharply.

His eyes shone in anticipation.

After Miyuki’s giggling bout subsided, she tilted her head in Masaki’s direction as if asking “what will you do?”.

“Could you please……accompany me for two songs?”

With a reverential voice, Masaki bowed deferentially to Miyuki.

“Please take care of me as well.”

Returning the bow, Miyuki took Masaki’s proffered hand.

As he took his position, Masaki’s face was glowing as he nodded to Tatsuya in thanks.

Seeing that, Tatsuya thought “what a mercenary guy”.




The romantic comedy Masaki was acting out was no concern to Tatsuya. (As long as Miyuki was “alright” with it.)

That was why he was able to accept it so easily.

When it came to himself however, even in the best of conditions, he was unable to deal with such things.

At this moment, catching a glimpse of his hesitant shifty form, he was acutely aware of his own immaturity.

“Sir, at a time like this, it’s best for the man to take the lead.”

Honoka alone was too much for him to handle, how could he be blamed for wanting to run away from this whole mess? He wanted to complain to this newcomer. —But that didn’t come out.

“Erika……why are you a waitress?”

“But I’ve been doing this since the beginning.”

Tatsuya’s complaint was airily brushed aside.

Leo and Mikihiko, as participants, had been invited to the party. Both Erika and Mizuki, perhaps treated as part of the staff, were along as well. But the four of them weren’t participating, preferring rather to attend as part-time workers.

Mikihiko was as per his wishes working in the kitchen, but Erika was moving up and down the hall dressed in a fluttering waitress costume.

“……Then I really don’t think you should be wasting time in a place like this.”

“Giving appropriate advice to our guests is also part of the job description.”

Being answered with such a straight face, Tatsuya felt the urge to apply palm to face. Her “work” aside, Tatsuya knew there was another reason for Erika’s words.

Honoka was waiting for Tatsuya’s invitation.

He knew exactly where she was without needing to be told.

But he had absolutely no idea what to do after that.

After all, he had no experience whatsoever in “inviting” a woman.

“Sir? There really isn’t any need to think so hard about all this.”

Erika had only been here for her amusement earlier, but gradually a note of amazement crept into her voice.

At this rate though, that amazement would soon turn to irritation.

Thinking that would be a bit, no absolutely unbearable, Tatsuya decided to bite the bullet.

“……Honoka.”

“Yes!”

Tatsuya made his preparations.

“……want to dance?”

It took a comparatively long time to get those words out, due to his lack of self-confidence.

“Gladly!”

Yet, Honoka seemed more than happy enough.




After that, Tatsuya was put through his paces with Shizuku, then Eimi, then Mayumi, until finally he slumped against the wall exhausted.

Mayumi was particularly tough.

Her sense of rhythm was quite unique.

Even as a compliment, it couldn’t be said that Tatsuya was a terribly good dancer. Since he had never practiced, it was only to be expected. However, he never made a fumble such as stepping on his partner’s foot. On the contrary, his steps were impeccable.

During their dance, Shizuku had muttered that he “danced like a dance machine,” words which could be taken as a compliment or not either way.

Stringing together observed behavior then reproducing and adding some bits Tatsuya’s dancing was, beauty or elegance aside, perfectly and technically accurate.

In a sense however, Mayumi was the exact opposite.

Her execution and steps were completely off.

Rather than tone-deaf however, it was more that she had an ingenious sense, such that despite her movements being subtly off for each sound, her dance still elegantly moved along with the flow of the song.

Because of that, Tatsuya was forced to match both Mayumi and the music, going along with the rhythm of the two and shunting his steps as necessary.

Any normal person would simply try and match their partner and simply hope everything works out one way or another, but since his body didn’t know the dance and Tatsuya was simply reproducing the movements in his head, doing something like that was too much.

Yet even after Mayumi left Tatsuya exhausted, going off to look for another partner in high spirits, numerous girls started hanging out before him meaningfully.

He wasn’t nearly comparable to Miyuki, who after her dance drew partners like a shining star, but after his success in Monolith Code there were quite a few girls who took an interest in him.

Looking at his drained appearance however, they uniformly gave him sympathetic looks.

Unfortunately for him, although he himself probably didn’t realize, just as he was considering going back to his room, with impeccable timing a glass was held out in front of him.

“Tha……thank you.”

He suddenly stopped talking, because that person was completely unexpected.

“You seem tired.”

“……haah.”

“You don’t attend events like this often?”

“That’s……it’s as you say. This may be presumptuous, but Chairman doesn’t seem like the type who bothers with this much either.”

“I’ve gotten over it.”

The person speaking to him was Katsuto.

He held a non-alcoholic beer in his hands.

Somehow feeling like he had to go along with him, Tatsuya took a drink from the glass he was passed.

But the real deal came after.

“Shiba, come with me for a bit.”

Handing his empty glass to a waitress passing by (not Erika), Katsuto turned around.

It meant he wouldn’t take no as a response.

Dropping off his empty glass the same way, Tatsuya followed.




In the same garden where they had caught the intruder on the opening night of the tournament, the two of them silently stood there with not another figure in sight.

It wasn’t a complete silence.

It seems someone had opened a window.

The sound of music could faintly be heard.

That soft sound lent the atmosphere a serene air.

“Is this alright? I think the celebrations are about to begin soon.”

As Katsuto stopped with his back facing him, Tatsuya threw a casual remark.

After the party, a victory celebration in honour of First High was scheduled.

This privilege was given to whichever school won the overall championship.

As both an executive and key player, Katsuto’s attendance was of course mandatory.

“Have no concern. We’ll be done shortly.”

Looking back, Katsuto replied.

Did he mean this wasn’t a weighty matter?

If that had been the case, there should have been no need to take him out from the midst of the party.

Or perhaps — he simply meant it wouldn’t take long.

……From the looks of things, Katsuto meant the latter.

“Shiba, are you from the Ten Families?”

At that sudden question, Tatsuya was almost put on the defensive.

Not in the sense of being lost for words, but rather preparing for battle.

It was still forbidden for his identity to be leaked out at this stage.

“No. I’m not.”

Katsuto’s look indicated he would not forgive any dishonesty.

The reason Tatsuya was able to deny Katsuto’s assertion however, was because that was true.

He was not one of them. Even though the blood of the Ten ran through his veins, he was never considered one of them.

It was a simple fact.

“—I see.”

After watching Tatsuya in anticipation for a while, Katsuto nodded impassively.

Tatsuya did not know whether Katsuto had been convinced with his answer.

“Then, as discussed in a family meeting, here’s my advice to you as the vice representative of the Juumonji house.

Shiba, you should join the Ten Families.”

“……”

“Hm……how about the Saegusa?”

“……by how about, would you be referring to, how about marrying in? Or the like?”

“Indeed.”

Katsuto’s magic “Phalanx”, as opposed to Tatsuya’s original magic “Decomposition”, are like natural enemies.

The moment one barrier is pierced through, another takes its place.

It would be endless.

Whilst watching the finals, Tatsuya recalled the unpleasantness of what would be a war of attrition should it come to it……but these words now, utterly unexpected, brought with them a whole new set of horrors.

—This senpai is without a doubt, my natural enemy.

—In many, many ways.

“……in regards to being President Saegusa’s partner, was Chairman Juumonji’s name not considered as well?”

“That was certainly brought up too.”

“……is President Saegusa not your type?”

“No? Well Saegusa does have, cute charms, in her own way.”

“……”

Tatsuya could no longer find a reply.

“Ah, Shiba, are you perhaps concerned about her age? Mm……then how about Saegusa’s little sisters?

The last time I saw them was two years ago, I’m sure the two of them have grown up to be splendid ladies.”

“……Unlike the President and Chairman I’m just a simple high school student, so all these talks of engagement and marriage are a bit much.”

“Is that so?”

Katsuto lightly turned his head.

“……However, you should not have too much of a relaxed attitude to all this. Winning against one of the next heads of the Ten Families in a head on confrontation is not something as simple as you’d think.”

I don’t want to be told that by you! Tatsuya almost retorted.

Tatsuya’s confrontation with Masaki had been precipitated by Katsuto in the end after all.

“……I suppose I’ll be heading back. Shiba, don’t take too long.”

Rather than not believing, it was more that he didn’t want to believe—

(That guy……don’t tell me, that was all “spur of the moment”……?)

Watching his back as he pompously returned to the hall, what a terrifying person Tatsuya thought.




“Onii-sama?”

As Tatsuya stood stunned in the dark night, his sister’s voice brought him back.

“What’s the matter? This is quite rare, for you to be so out of it to not even notice me approaching.”

“Nothing……I just saw something strange……”

“Something strange?”

“Ah, no, don’t worry about it.”

“?”

Tatsuya’s words didn’t match the situation, but Miyuki simply tilted her head and didn’t pursue any further.

“……The party’s about to end.”

“The celebration is next huh……”

Feeling somewhat pressed, Tatsuya reflectively frowned.

“I guess there’s no way for me to pass on that……”

Miyuki covered her mouth to stifle her laughter.

“You’ll just have to accept it. Even if you go back to your room, you’ll just be assaulted by Honoka and Erika.”

“I get Honoka, but……”

“Erika’s been captured by the Chairman.”

With a suspicious laugh, Miyuki added that the Chairman was quite something.





“Not to mention……”

Her face was still smiling, but her bright voice was tempered by the seriousness in her eyes as she gazed at Tatsuya.

“I won’t let Onii-sama escape.”

Tatsuya sighed deeply.

Suddenly, Miyuki tilted her ear.

“……the last song is beginning.”

“Is that so?”

Tatsuya had also noticed the song change. He wasn’t aware it was the final piece however.

“Onii-sama, won’t you join me for the last dance?”

Under a dome of moonlight and starlight, wearing a clear smile even Tatsuya rarely saw, Miyuki bowed gracefully.

That beautiful smile brooked no resistance.

“……Then, shall we head back before the song finishes?”

“No, that would be a waste of time.”

Miyuki took Tatsuya’s hand.

“We can hear the performance from here just fine.”

Taking a deep breath, she huddled closer to him.

“These shoes should be alright even on grass.”

Wordlessly, Tatsuya placed a hand around Miyuki’s back.

As if entrusting herself to his care, Miyuki placed her hand on Tatsuya’s shoulder.

Their bodies touched.

Gently wrapping his hand around her back and deeply embracing her, Tatsuya took a step.

The two figures spun under an endless starlit sky.

As they spun, Tatsuya’s face was all Miyuki could see.

Miyuki’s face was all Tatsuya could see.

The scenery, the stars, the moon, and the darkness,

In all this wide world which was revolving around them, Tatsuya and Miyuki were the only ones in it.





Afterword




This is a story that is purely fictional.

The stage that the story is set in is very similar to the real world.

Although real or historical figures, organizations, countries, districts as well as other names which have significance or names that make reference to something are used, even if the names are similar, there is still no relevance with the real world whatsoever.

Of course, although such a thing is obvious, unknowingly, I just wanted to put this out there, and this turned into the 4th volume.

Did you, the readers, enjoy it?

When I use names that exist as proper names in reality, a small part of my consciousness hesitates because I feel uneasy about killing off all the enemy characters.

…However, I totally understand that saying this feels like a complete lie, therefore I think I should just stop right here.

Speaking of proper nouns, I’m really inept at creating names for characters from foreign countries.

It is precisely because the story is set in a stage that is really similar to the real world that there are even more troublesome matters to consider.

Western European names still have plenty of reference materials so it’s still fine, however what if it’s names from Southeast Asia, India, Persia, Africa, or even South America… What am I to do then?

Currently, it seems like it will not turn into a problem, however one day I will definitely hit a bottleneck.

I wonder if there are any good methods to solve this?

…Alright I will stop all my nonsensical complaints here, next I would like to give my thanks to all those who were involved in the making of this book.

To M-sama, thank you for always giving me excellent and appropriate suggestions. M-sama’s suggestions have allowed me to make the siblings image that much more well developed.

Ishida-sama, Stone-sama, the extremely tight publishing schedules also gave you guys lots of trouble.

The pre-orders for this volume were quite substantial as well…… I cannot fully express my gratitude for that.

Suenaga-sama also worried endlessly about the scheduling aspects of this volume.

Once again, to all those who participated in the creation of this book, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude.

Following up from last month, I would like to sincerely thank all those who are reading this afterword right now.

It is all thanks to the support of you readers that the 5th volume can also be successfully published. What is coming out in the upcoming volume 5 will be short stories.

There will be a total of 6 short stories. Amongst them, there are 2 “newly written works”. As the other 4 have not been published in commercial magazines yet, it would be more appropriate for all of them to be dubbed as “new works” instead of “newly written works”.

Both of the new works will be interludes of the daily episodes of their lives. It can be considered as the peaceful times before the brutal battle that is to come. Please look forward to it!

Well, I sincerely look forward to seeing you all once again in the next volume.

Thank you so much.



(Satou Tsutomu)





Illustrations




Cover



Teaser #1



Teaser #2



Teaser #3



Teaser #4



Teaser #5



Chapter 8



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 9



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 10



Chapter 12



Chapter 14



Chapter 14



Chapter 14





Notes




Qilin: Is a mythical hooved chimerical creature known in Chinese and other East Asian cultures, said to appear with the imminent arrival or passing of a sage or illustrious ruler. It is a good omen thought to occasion prosperity or serenity.



Kamaitachi: Is a Japanese yōkai often told about in the Kōshin’etsu region, or can also refer to the strange events that this creature causes. They appear riding on dust devils, and they cut people using the nails on both their hands that are like sickles. One would receive a sharp wound from it, but there is no pain.





Did you enjoy the book?



Grab a copy at your local bookstore once localized in your area.




