
“Shiba: 220, Nakajou: 173, Tatsuya-kun: 161…”

“…Wait a minute. The ballots of the large number of people who miswrote the name shouldn’t be recognized in the count…”

While crying out “I want to pretend this doesn’t exist” without words, Miyuki calmly made an objection.

“Why are ‘The Queen’, ‘Her Majesty, the Queen’ and ‘The Snow Queen’ all being counted as votes for me?”

Miyuki cried this out in a tearful voice.

“Because on other ballots ‘Queen Miyuki’, ‘Her Majesty, Queen Shiba Miyuki’, ‘Snow Queen Miyuki’ and the like were written… there was no other way to interpret them.”

Listening to the apologetic voice of Suzune soothe her, there was no way Miyuki couldn’t understand.

“What do they mean by that? Do they think I have some sort of perverted inclinations[21]?”

“…No, I believe that they definitely don’t mean anything like that. After seeing you look like that, I don’t believe anyone would have the nerve…”

As if she had lost an inner battle, her body actually slumped as Mari contradicted her in a confused manner.

“Hey, am I that appalling? Is my demeanor really that intolerable?”

Miyuki’s tone had changed into a genuine wail.

“…Miyuki-san, calm down. After all, no one thinks that.”

Mayumi was trying with all her might to make her voice sound soothing so that she could somehow calm Miyuki’s mood, but it had almost no effect.

“Lend me the ballots! I’ll find whoever wrote them!”

“That’s absurd… in the first place, how would you do that?”

Somebody murmured this obvious flaw in her plan, but in this case, it was utterly futile.

Miyuki turned her entire body towards Tatsuya, her eyes clouded all at once.

“Onii-sama…”

With a needy look in her eyes, just as Miyuki was about to release her tears and snuggle against him, Tatsuya temporarily shelved his own disturbance.

“Do not ask for the impossible, Miyuki. Since this is a secret ballot, investigating who voted for who is a serious violation of the rules.”

He patted her head without any trace of embarrassment and admonished her as if she were a small child.

“But… but…”

Not having a clue of what else to do, Tatsuya gently embraced his little sister who was sobbing her eyes out.

“It’s okay.”

His mouth neared the vicinity of his sister’s ear

“After all, you are not a Queen.”

And with a deeply gentle voice,

“No matter how anyone else views you, to me you are a cute princess.”

Tatsuya made that vow.

“Onii-sama…”

The sound of crying gradually ended, simultaneously it looked as if the anger and frustration were also ending, and as potential Armageddon was soothed away, everyone relaxed their tense posture.

Nevertheless, they were soon in an entirely different kind of awkward situation.

Although she stopped crying, Miyuki showed no sign of leaving Tatsuya’s arms.

Rather, her head and cheek were shockingly pressed against Tatsuya’s chest; the aura around them was so sweet that they were all suffering from heartburn.




For the noon recess that day, the siblings, Tatsuya and Miyuki, did not show their faces in the Student Council room.

Not only did Miyuki cry in front of her senpai, she let herself be seen being embraced and comforted, so it was only natural that she was too embarrassed to come; as the seemingly unembarrassed Tatsuya had already informed them so, Mayumi and the rest were unworried.

Azusa was being honored with a celebration by her fellow second years so her seat was empty.

Suzune as usual didn’t come unless she had something to do, so she didn’t appear.

And today, unusually, Katsuto came to the Student Council room.

“Here it is.”

When the meal came to an end, Mayumi took out tea for Katsuto.

Katsuto made a silent toast and raised his teacup to his mouth.

“So, why are you here today, Juumonji?”

Although they were both guests, Mari—maybe because she couldn’t hold back any more—behaved as if they were in her own headquarters and questioned him; Katsuto gave a “no reason” type of answer.

“Perhaps, because today is for Saegusa her true retirement day. This is the last time I can come to see her in Student Council President mode.”

“I see, you came to thank Mayumi for her service or something.”

“Oh, Juumonji-kun, thank you,”

“Ah, you’re welcome.”

While smiling smugly, the two of them coordinated an attack (a verbal assault?) which Katsuto solemnly rebuffed.

“…So that’s it. I thought Tatsuya-kun resembled someone; he responds to these things just like Juumonji-kun.”

“Shiba?”

“We’re alike?” Katsuto asked with a glance; Mari shrugged. Even though superficially their response was similar, Mari believed that Tatsuya’s were intentional and Katsuto’s were spontaneous, so her assessment was that their taciturnity was the only similarity.

“Speaking of Shiba, how do you think it went yesterday…”

Perhaps she believed that she couldn’t throw him off through body language alone, Mari attempted to make a swift change of topic.

“It was okay… But there was no need for us to worry.”

However, maybe because the topic on both of their minds, both Mayumi and Katsuto leaped over Mari’s choice and directed the conversation to the topic of their choice.

“I was too low to be able to really see what was going on, but did Shiba restrain his sister, just like it seemed to me?”

“Yes. Her outpouring of power and his suppression ability were unbelievable.”

It was just the way Katsuto said it was. The truth of what was going on couldn’t be discerned by those facing the stage; only those like Mayumi who were on the stage were able to clearly see what happened.

Possibly, it was a practical application of “Gram Demolition”. A structure of Psions instantly displayed—without having to work it into an information body with Eidos, Psions themselves were the product of molded External Systematic Magic—in the form of an aura. A large amount of Psions wrapped around her running wild in a chaotic manner; that overwhelming power was compressed and poured back into Miyuki’s body.

Psions were not something exuded from someone’s body, but the body was the medium used for Emission or Absorption. The activation sequence formation used by CADs was an example of similar modeling.

Tatsuya had taken the Psions Miyuki had scattered around and, without any cooperation from her, poured them back “inside”.

“It doesn’t matter how good someone is at External Systematic Magic, it doesn’t matter if they are blood relations, can someone really manipulate someone else’s Psions that easily? At that time they were completely out of Miyuki’s own control; that’s another matter for consideration, but…”

These were a list of Mayumi’s concerns.

“Wasn’t that one of his ancient magic techniques? I think that there is an ‘Art of the Sage’ that is excellent for controlling Psions…”

Mari put forth her guesswork as an answer; however,

“No, no matter how well an ancient magic technique is mastered, it takes time to put it in motion. The Art of the Sage you’re talking about is an extremely time consuming system of magic.”

Katsuto indirectly refuted Mari’s guess with a “that doesn’t explain everything” type of answer.

“Even looking at his sister’s power, as I expected, I think their genetic makeup cannot be ignored…”

“But he himself denied ‘that he was a member of the ten master clans’ right?”

And this time, Mari presented the counter argument to Katsuto’s logic.

“Ah. He didn’t seem to be lying.”

As they ran into that dead end, Mari and Katsuto tilted their heads.

“…Let’s stop already. This conversation. It is not good to inquire about bloodlines.”

Mayumi suddenly proposed a halt.

Mari and Katsuto, both felt Mayumi’s sudden change in attitude was unnatural; however, for magicians, inquiring about bloodlines was certainly a minor crime, so they were unable to express their objections.

Of course, Mayumi did not divulge to the two of them what she was secretly thinking.

Her own belief was that if Tatsuya was an “extra”, then that inquiry was forbidden.

—And this is how Tatsuya and Mayumi, both without ever conspiring, together became co-conspirators in order to keep Tatsuya’s background concealed.





Afterword




Thank you once again for picking up “Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei”. To those who say “this is my first time”, this is a good opportunity for an introduction. I am Satou Tsutomu. The fifth volume is a collection of short stories as mentioned in the fourth volume. There are five “episodes” set after the Nine Schools Competition’s end in Summer Vacation; of which one is set in between the first of September and October. While there are characters who face what one can’t call “peace”, as it’s an “adventure”, please forgive me. Especially since to them, they managed to make some good memories.

Now, to the promised commentary of each “episode” of the short stories.



Summer Break

This episode was written with the unclean desires of “I want to write a bittersweet adolescent-style story~” & “I want to write a swimsuit scene” as energy. At the time of writing, I was striking the keyboards in high spirits. The story is the type that if you wake, then you lose I think, so “here there’s an impossibility” in a part so I corrected it as a finisher.



The Honour Student’s Supplementary Lesson

The concept for this “episode” is “one way or another, I wanted to give Morisaki-kun a larger role” for his unpleasant role. He’s a kid who can do it if he tried after all. This being the case, I had him work hard.



Amelia in Wonderland

I don’t even need to speak of the inspiration of the title. That which has the rabbit, the cards and the egg . Well, this story only has the cards appear. The day when Tomitsuka-kun becomes the rabbit will come soon I wonder. Will he be able to run from Eimi’s evil influence? … … It’s not this type of story.



Friendship, Trust and the Dubious Lolicon

This episode is of the first year combination from Third High, Masaki and Kichijouji. Not just the dubious lolicon, but an even more grave, suspicious person is to come perhaps. Well, it’s a misunderstanding. … … Probably. To where will Kichijouji’s tomorrow lead!



Memories of the Summer

[Summer Break] was “aim for a bittersweet episode” and in contrast, this “episode” is written to be a simple “sweet”, sugar-filled “episode”. As an author, I feel that there’s not enough “sweetness” but, what do you think? After Tantou-sama said so, I ended up shocked.



Presidential Elections and the Queen

This is the “plus one” episode . While it’s a short story, rather than saying it’s a “side story”, it’s more of the nature of a continuation of the core, original story as a “sub episode”. ……Good Luck A-chan. Your hardships are only starting now.



Now, once again, to everyone who had something to do with this book, my thanks. Truly, thank you very much. To M-sama who fervently said stuff like “since there’s a swimsuit time , put it on the front cover!” of ambiguous meaning, I receive your association, but I must sincerely apologise. This time, even if I say so myself, the tension was weird. I’m reflecting on it. To Ishida-sama, Stone-sama, although you were very busy, thank you once again for the lovely illustrations. I watch “Aquarion Evol” every time~.

And now, to everyone who read this afterward, from my heart I thank you. I will give my very best so that next time, everyone will also think that it’s “interesting”.



(Satou Tsutomu)





Illustrations




Cover



Teaser #1



Teaser #2



Teaser #3



Teaser #4



Teaser #5



Summer Break



Summer Break



The Honour Student’s Supplementary Lesson



The Honour Student’s Supplementary Lesson



Amelia in Wonderland



Amelia in Wonderland



Friendship, Trust, and the Dubious Lolicon



Memories of Summer



Presidential Elections and the Queen



Presidential Elections and the Queen





Notes




Translation Status: Amelia in Wonderland 100% completed.

Shiibara Tatsurou: 椎原 辰郎 as opposed to 司波 龍郎.

Love: The word she uses here is the catch-all word for love 愛する, as opposed to specifically romantic love 恋愛. Similar comparison may be philia (kindred love) and eros (passionate love).

The Royal Road or the Path of Kings: This can be interpreted as taking the shortest path to victory. i.e. Making preparations to ensure success, might makes right and the shortest distance between two points.

NG: Short for “no go”.

Great Star of Africa: The Cullinan Diamond was a large gem-quality diamond weighing 3,106.75 carats (621.350 g) discovered at the Premier No. 2 mine outside Pretoria, South Africa, on 26 January 1905. It was cut into several polished gems, the largest of which is named Cullinan I or the Great Star of Africa, and at 530.4 carats (106.08 g) it is the largest polished white diamond in the world. It was the largest polished diamond of any colour until the discovery in 1985 of the Golden Jubilee Diamond (545.67 carats (109.134 g)), also from the Premier Mine. Cullinan I is mounted in the head of the Sovereign’s Sceptre with Cross. The second-largest gem from the rough stone, Cullinan II or the Second Star of Africa, at 317.4 carats (63.48 g), is the fourth-largest polished diamond in the world, and is mounted in the Imperial State Crown. Both diamonds are in the Crown Jewels, which are part of the Royal Collection held in trust by Queen Elizabeth II for her successors and the nation. Seven other diamonds cut from the original belong to the Queen personally.



OB: Old boy.

Takarazuka: A famous all female acting troupe where women play all the roles even the male ones in love scenes.

Acala (Sanskrit: “Immovable”): A fierce guardian deity in Buddhism portrayed with an aura of fire primarily revered in Vajrayana Buddhism, particularly in Tangmi in Japan, China and elsewhere.

He is classed among the Wisdom Kings and preeminent among the Five Wisdom Kings of the Womb Realm. Accordingly, his figure occupies an important hierarchical position in the pictorial diagramatic Mandala of the Two Realms.



In Japan, Acala is revered in the Shingon Buddhism, Tendai, Zen, Nichiren Buddhism and in Shugendō.

Tenketsujutsu: Probably blind spot technique. It is a techniques of attacking vital points (acupressure points) on the body.

Mephistopheles: Is a demon featured in German folklore. He originally appeared in literature as the demon in the Faust legend, and he has since appeared in other works as a stock character.



Archaic Smile: This is the type of smile on ancient Greek statues. The Archaic smile was used by Greek Archaic sculptors, especially in the second quarter of the 6th century BCE, possibly to suggest that their subject was alive, and infused with a sense of well-being.

Ojou-sama: A daughter of an affluent upper class family.

Tsundere: Someone who acts cold to people they like.

Snow might fall: In this region at this season, this is the near equivalent of saying pigs might fly.

Philosopher Stone: A mythical stone with magical properties.

Oba-ue: Extremely polite form of Aunt.

Nana: Japanese for seven.

Shi: Japanese word for Chinese symbol for a word or part of a word.

Oshikuramanjuu: A children’s game in Japan that involves shoving. It is a very simple Japanese game that is played on cold days in order to get warm.



The game is played with at least three players, but it is better if there are more. The players first gather around in a circle, as close to each other as possible. They face the outside, standing back to back with each other. When the game starts, the players powerfully shove backwards, pressing their backs towards other players’ backs as theychant “Oshikura Manju osarete nakuna”, meaning “Oshikura Manju doesn’t cry even when shoved”. The chant is the most famous part of the song, and many people are familiar with only this part. However, the proper song continues; “Nakuko wa dare yowamushi kemushi hasannde sutero” (Who is crying? Pinch the coward and caterpillar, and throw them away).[citation needed] The players continue shoving each other, repeating this song over and over. There is no accurate end to this game.



One variation to the game is to play in a circle drawn on the ground. The game goes on with whoever pushed out of that circle getting out of the group, ending when one player left in the circle.



The word “Oshikura” in the name of this game is thought to have the meaning of “oshikurabe” (shoving competition), but originally, it was not a competitive game, but an easygoing one where players become absorbed in shoving each other vigorously, which results in them being warmed up.

Perverted Inclination: Queen can also refer to S and M Queen.





Did you enjoy the book?



Grab a copy at your local bookstore once localized in your area.




