
Also, during the match itself, the players had to use sustainable magic and continuously leap into the air. The stress placed on the players themselves easily rivaled that of a marathon.

And to top it all off, there were two matches in one day alone.

In terms of physical stamina, this was a more punishing event than Crowd Ball or Monolith Code.

With the players’ exhaustion in mind, there was a large interval for resting between the preliminary and elimination rounds, which could be said to be a unique feature of this event.

The first match was set at 8 AM. With two arenas going at the same time, the preliminaries would be finished around noon.

The elimination round would start at 7 PM. This was the only night time event in the entire Nine Schools Competition.

Some may question why the Nine Schools Competition forced the preliminary and elimination rounds into one day rather than splitting them across two days. There was, of course, a method to the madness.

Mirage Bat was an event that involved swinging a bat towards the orb-shaped holograms (Strictly speaking, they were three dimensional orb images. Modern imaging techniques technically possessed fundamental differences with holograms). In other words, the player had to identify the illusion floating ten meters off the ground while still grounded, otherwise there was no way to complete the event. This event was not suited to be conducted under the burning sun. Hence an airship was deployed during the third match to avoid letting the sun interfere with the event.

Mirage Bat was designed to be conducted during night time.

In order to avoid letting the players’ bodies cover the projecting lights, the 3D projector was set atop the cylindrical light towers that surrounded the arena. From this alone, one could fully understand this was intended to be a night event.




After the end of the second match — as expected, both Honoka and Subaru advanced — Tatsuya was headed back to his room to take a quick nap.

The two players had already returned to their rooms and were sound asleep.

In this event, restoring lost stamina was absolutely critical.

As the technician, Tatsuya didn’t need to rest physically, but this was a good opportunity to relax his nerves. He toyed with the idea of using the Sleeping Docks, but elected to yield that to the players first and returned to his room, pulled the curtains, and lay on the bed.

Right now, the third match of Mirage Bat was progressing. He was very fortunate to be assigned the first and second matches. Even though it was only one more hour, this hour had a huge impact on refreshing himself mentally and physically.

He also wished that Miyuki’s Official Division preliminary was early as well, but that was out of his hands. Tatsuya abandoned that thought after taking into account how meaningless that consideration was.

His physical body wasn’t tired, so he didn’t have to force himself to sleep, but allowed his mind to wander.

As he lay on the bed with his eyes closed, Tatsuya thought back to the scene from yesterday morning.

Ichijou Masaki and Kichijouji Shinkurou — while they were of the same age as he was, they were both prodigies that were renowned in the world of magic.

Ichijou Masaki — Three years ago, when the Great Asian Alliance invaded Okinawa, the New Soviet Union also took military action on Sado, where the young man of a mere 13 years volunteered for the front lines and, alongside the current head of the Ichijou Family, Ichijou Tsuyoshi, used “Rupture” to annihilate many enemy soldiers. He was a Magician who possessed live combat experience.

While the scale of the battle was quite small (to this day, the New Soviet Union denies their connection with the militants that invaded Sado), he was awarded the title “the Crimson Prince of the Ichijou Family” for his exploits. (Here, “Crimson” praised him for the fact that “he was bathed in blood and fought to the last” rather than being a derogatory “bloodthirsty” label.)

Kichijouji Shinkurou — A genius Magician that identified the “Cardinal Code”, which had only existed in theory, at age 13. Based on his surname Kichijouji and the “Cardinal Code” he discovered, he was given the title “Cardinal George” and was held to be one of the rising stars behind theoretical Magic Sequences who were known throughout the field.

The fact that both of them registered at the same school in the same cohort was a coincidence that bordered on criminal.

For the two of them to team up during Monolith Code was already an invincible combination, at least for the Newcomers Division.

Morisaki and company deserved to be pitied. Tatsuya viewed things that were not connected to him more mercifully.

If only there was some way to close the gap.

(“Rupture” is a magic that possesses A-Rank destructive power…… Maybe.)

The Ichijou Family’s far-famed ability “Rupture” was a Dispersal-Systematic Magic that vaporized all fluids within the target’s body.

Once the fluids from a biological target were vaporized, the body would tear apart.

For internal combustible machines, once the fuel evaporated, the car would immediately explode. This was also the case for battery liquid. Even if there were no flammable liquids on board, there was still engine oil, lubricants, coolant. There was practically no machine that didn’t use some sort of fluid. Thus, as long as “Rupture” was activated, the Ichijous could destroy any machine at will.

This was the perfect magic for both anti-personnel and anti-armor combat. “Rupture” was designed solely for military use, so naturally it infringed upon the rules for Monolith Code.

(That being said, he is still the next head of house for one of the Ten Master Clans and possesses the proud title “Crimson Prince”, so he wouldn’t just rely on “Rupture” as his trump card…… Speaking of which…)

He shifted his thoughts from two people who signed up for Monolith Code and declared war in front of him to the Monolith Code event itself.

He didn’t have to devote all his energy into creating countermeasures for Third High yet.

Right now, First High’s second match was about to start.

(They already took the first match and the second match is against the lowly Fourth High. Even they can’t screw this up that bad……)

Tatsuya’s eyes remained closed as he surrendered to his drowsiness and drifted off to sleep.




Tatsuya woke up shortly after noon and headed for the competition area, only to find the area covered by a rattled atmosphere.

Scratch that, it was a complete state of panic that enveloped the pavilions.

First High’s pavilion was the center of it all.

“Onii-sama!”

The moment he stepped into the pavilion, Miyuki ran over to him as if this was a predetermined event. Shizuku was right alongside her.

“Miyuki…… Shizuku too, weren’t you two with Erika’s group?”

According to the plan, before Honoka got up — she had to prepare for the finals around 5 PM — Miyuki and Shizuku should have been watching Monolith Code with Erika and the others.

Yet, the two of them were here, which implied that……

“What’s going on? Did something happen during Monolith Code?”

Without waiting for an answer, Tatsuya immediately followed up with another question.

There was no reason to ask if something had occurred, the very mood testified that an incident occurred.

Tatsuya had an inkling that this was likely worse than he had feared.

“Yes, there was an accident, but……”

“Miyuki, that was no accident!”

As Miyuki hesitated to speak, Shizuku forcefully overrode her words as she interrupted.

“That was intentionally overkill. It was blatantly against the rules.”

Although she kept a tight rein on her tone, Shizuku’s eyes betrayed her fury.

“Shizuku…… This is not the best time to make wild accusations. We don’t have proof that Fourth High intentionally did this.”

“Indeed, Kitayama-san.”

Behind them, Mayumi interjected into the conversation.

“It is hard to imagine that this was purely an accident…… Even so, we cannot jump to the conclusion that this was premeditated. If we hurtle suspicions around blindly, some people who do not know any better may assume that’s the truth.”

This may be a little impolite, but that was certainly a worthy argument from the upperclassman leadership.

As he saw Shizuku reflect upon that gentle reprimand, Tatsuya also thought, “The President does have a few tricks up her sleeve”. ……Unfortunately, Mayumi immediately squinted at him from the side.

“……Is there a problem?”

“……You were just thinking something impolite, weren’t you?”

(H-how sharp……!)

Tatsuya faltered slightly at how adeptly she saw through him.

Still, when he stood there, his life experiences belied his actual physical appearance.

“No, I was just thinking, as expected of the Student Council President……”

He wore a mask of honesty and feigned that he was being unjustly suspected in order to carefully gauge her reaction.

“……Is that so?”

While her eyes remained suspicious, Mayumi reined herself in at least. Not only was she unable to find any chinks in Tatsuya’s acting, she also felt this wasn’t the right time to pursue this issue.

“Then, what’s our injury situation?”

“So you realized from the conversation alone that Morisaki-kun and the others are injured……”

Mayumi sighed, her expression had “what a troublesome issue” written all over her face.

“……They are seriously injured. The event was held in an urban setting and they were crushed beneath the rubble from a ruined building that crumbled when the attacks from ‘Battering Ram’ struck.”

“……If used against people in closed environments, the magic ‘Battering Ram’ rates as A-rank in destructive power. This is on a completely different level than the danger encountered during Battle Board and is a blatant violation of the rules.”

The “Battering Ram” that the two were speaking of was also known as “Point Burst”, which was a magic developed through PK research. This magic functions by rewriting the Eidos of the target object and applying a massive Weight-Type Magic on a single point. When used against buildings, the target requirement was usually a wall or the ceiling, or at least a “single surface” that was separated from any pillars and also required a colossal magic capacity as well as high interference strength.

If simply destroying a building was the goal, it was more efficient to use Move-Type Magic and sling a hammer around. In comparison, “Battering Ram” was a highly demanding magic that, besides BS Magicians, was not something that could be casually treated like a toy.

“Agreed…… Even if they were wearing military-use protective equipment, that’s not going to help against tons of rocks and dirt falling on top of you. Thanks to the protective helmets and the observers casting Light Weight Magic in time, disaster was averted…… The three of them have undergone magic healing, but even then this will take two weeks. They are confined to bed for the next three days.”

Still, Mayumi avoided making a judgment on whether the accident was truly intentional and subtly altered the direction of the conversation.

“……It’s more serious than I imagined.”

Tatsuya could sympathize with Mayumi’s stance on not voicing an opinion and thus avoiding the need to pursue the issue.

“Indeed. This may be a little rash, but once I saw the magic healers going, that was a horrible sight.”

Just as she said, this was a somewhat harsh opinion regarding the injured members.

At any rate, the fact that Mayumi faltered so badly was also a clear indication that she was probably not on guard against Tatsuya.

“Wait, I’m still unclear on this point. Were all three in the same building?”

This may not have been a matter Tatsuya needed to worry about, but in Monolith Code, the typical strategy called for either one person on the attack and two on the defense or vice versa. Tatsuya had a hard time figuring out what situation would call for all three members of the team to be struck down by the same attack.

“They immediately suffered a surprise attack once the match was under way. It wasn’t that they couldn’t find anyone before the start signal, but it was that they didn’t have a chance to. Setting aside ‘Battering Ram’ for now, there’s no question that jumping the gun is a clear violation of the rules.”

The one who answered was the fuming Shizuku.

“I see…… In that case, then the board will be busy too.”

“Because they weren’t able to prevent it…… Right?”

Seeing Tatsuya grin evilly, Miyuki tilted her head as she asked in confusion.

Miyuki was too sincere and honest to comprehend Tatsuya’s twisted line of logic.

“This isn’t anything too important. Rather, setting an easily destructible ruin as the starting location was one of the key causes of this accident — we’ll call it an accident for now. The board may elect to scrap Monolith Code from the Newcomers Division altogether.”

“……That’s also true.”

Miyuki nodded in profound agreement to Tatsuya’s reasoning. At this time, Mayumi jumped back in.

“There are indeed calls for a halt to this. However, the ending result is that the preliminaries are still going on for all the schools besides us and Fourth High. The worst case scenario is that our school will be treated as withdrawn from the second round of the preliminaries.”

Hearing Mayumi’s words, it was Tatsuya’s turn to turn his head.

“What do you mean worst case scenario? The players are unable to compete any longer, so aside from withdrawing, I don’t see any other options……”

“On this point, Juumonji-kun is currently negotiating with the board.”

“Really……”

After the commencement of the Nine Schools Competition, changing players was forbidden. In other words, since the other side violated the rules, they were going to request an exception?

Even so, the Monolith Code team members consisted of the 1st Year male students with the top three magic technical scores. Even if they found replacements, victory remained elusive. Rather than looking for replacements, a better option would be an unorthodox request to remove the scores from Monolith Code from the aggregate score. Behind these vague responses, Tatsuya made this consideration.

Naturally, Mayumi had no idea what dark plots were running through Tatsuya’s mind.

“—Tatsuya-kun, I wish to speak with you.”

Mayumi’s voice contained coquettish overtones. She must be thoroughly unnerved by this chain of accidents and was subconsciously looking for something or someone to rely on.

At practically the same time, his sister fixed a burning gaze on Tatsuya. He really wanted to dig a hole and hide as he thought “I didn’t do it, don’t glare at me, why aren’t you glaring at Mayumi?”. But there was no way he would be caught dead saying that.

“Can you come with me for a moment?”

Does this mean she was worried about other people overhearing their private conversation?

The burning gaze doubled in intensity, but Tatsuya feigned ignorance as he followed right behind Mayumi.




Although they were inside the pavilion with a wall separating them from the outside, it was only made of cloth after all. From this perspective, this served as a poor sound barrier.

Yet, this was the realm of magic that reversed the laws of reality. Mayumi slowly built up a magical barrier that prevented their voices from traveling outside.

“Quite the perfect sound barrier.”

“Really……? Hm hm, thank you.”

Mayumi sat down with a slightly embarrassed expression while Tatsuya also pulled up a chair and sat.

“Then, let’s cut to the chase……”

“Very well.”

“…………”

Even though Mayumi claimed time was of the essence, she refrained from speaking. Since the two of them alone would arouse all sorts of problems, Tatsuya finally opened up.

“You suspect that this accident is also related to the previous sabotage incident?”

“……Yes. On that topic, I would like to hear Tatsuya-kun’s opinion. Tatsuya-kun mentioned before that Mari’s incident had a high probability of the CAD being tampered with, right?”

Mayumi finally worked up the courage to ask, to which Tatsuya nodded and replied: “Yes.”

“If they were using the same tactic this time, that would fully explain Fourth High’s actions…… How do you think we should go about proving this?”

“Our only option is to catch them red handed, all other options are not viable.”

“Can’t we…… Borrow Fourth High’s CADs and look them over?”

“This would be fine if traces of the rewritten Activation Sequence remained…… But given the ominous silence from the already disqualified Seventh High, this seems unlikely.”

“Really……”

Mayumi’s gaze dropped down to her ten interlaced fingers on the table top.

Tatsuya watched her pose and considered that he caused her some disappointment here. Mayumi didn’t raise her eyes and continued asking.

“……If this played out according to Tatsuya-kun’s assumptions and our school is the subject of sabotage…… What do you think the motive is? Vengeance? Revenge for the incident in spring?”

So that’s the real item that Mayumi was concerned about, Tatsuya thought.

Tatsuya possessed the intelligence in his hands to dispel this concern. He knew that this situation was not caused by remnants of “Blanche”, the terrorist organization that they shattered, or any related organizations. If he revealed everything that he knew, he would be able to alleviate Mayumi’s anxiety.

Yet, whether revealing everything was truly the best choice, he hesitated briefly over this decision.

“……This is unrelated to the incident in spring.”

Finally, Tatsuya elected to play one card from his hand.

“Eh? What makes you say that?”

Mayumi quickly raised her head and asked back, her voice betraying her hopes and prayers that he had some basis for saying so.

Tatsuya possessed the power to realize that hope. At the same time, he was denied the option of laying everything out on the table.

“The day before commencement…… No, the date had already changed. At any rate, the night before the opening ceremony, several miscreants sought to infiltrate the dorms. There were a total of three, each equipped with firearms.”

“……That’s the first I’ve heard of this!”

“That’s because a gag order has been issued. By pure coincidence, I was on station when this occurred and may have supplied some assistance…… I also have some passing familiarity with their background. The ones who struck at this year’s Nine Schools Competition appear to be a criminal organization out of Hong Kong.”

The classified portions were filled in with a few white lies.

Mayumi didn’t suspect his words at all.

“This time may have been coincidental…… But please refrain from such dangerous behavior in the future.”

“If pressed for an answer, I feel that I’m always getting dragged into things.”

Mayumi gazed suspiciously at Tatsuya shrugging his shoulders. But, as she quickly realized, this wasn’t the time for that.

“OK…… Haven’t you been asked to keep this under wraps? Thank you for telling me.”

“In return, please don’t let this spread.”

“I know. I promise.”

Mayumi raised her right hand as if she were solemnly swearing a vow.

At this perfectly natural yet mischievous action, Tatsuya almost burst into laughter.

“……Even though I know I shouldn’t say this but I still want to say, I feel a lot more relaxed.”

“……Indeed, those words cannot be heard anywhere else.”

“No worries. I only say that in front of Tatsuya.”

Keh, how should he interpret that? Tatsuya agonized over that point.

Don’t tell me that she was linking this back to the “trustworthy little brother” line from several days ago?

As usual, Mayumi’s thought pattern remained a complete mystery to Tatsuya.




“What’s the situation?”

“Just as planned. First High will have to withdraw from Monolith Code.”

Yokohama, China Street, the highest floor in some hotel. Five men were seated around a round table with tea sets in a large room chiefly decorated in red and gold.

On the wall, there were images of a dragon in flight sewn with gold thread.

“Monolith Code is the single most valuable event. Even though the Newcomers Division is only worth half the points from the Official Division, this is still a major blow.”

The men nodded with smiles plastered on their faces. However, their pallor was terrible and every one of their smiles was forced.




Afterwards, Mayumi requested: “In order to avoid panic from spreading throughout the 1st Year female students, I’m counting on your support.” Tatsuya remained in the pavilion…… Except he had no clue how to accomplish this.

He felt that it was the duty of the female upperclassmen to care for the mental status of their female underclassmen.

He deeply regretted his lackadaisical acceptance of this charge, so while he wore an expression that claimed “nothing had happened”, he devoted himself thoroughly to CAD calibration for the upcoming events.

That was all he did, but for some reason, he became surrounded by the 1st Year female players.

This may simply be because Miyuki, who was one of the leaders of the 1st Year female players, stuck to him like glue. Initially, Tatsuya thought this was the case but unfortunately, he was not dull enough to believe this without question.

Their eyes were actually focused entirely on him.

These were not flirtatious looks. He was not narcissistic enough to misinterpret that, nor was he wilted enough to be able to not notice them.

At the same time, he was slightly bemused as to the exact meaning behind them — that was the only area where he was slow in.

Completely besieged by these silent gazes, this was an irritating condition to work under, but it’s not like he could shoo them away either.

He refrained from engaging in conversation not because he was hindered by them. Lacking any other options, he elected to ignore them and adopt his usual procedure of silently continuing his work.

An eternally unchanging appearance.

An eternally enduring object.

He had no idea what value this possessed.

For someone who had always labored under restrictive conditions and was well aware of the intermittent nature of the world like Tatsuya, few things were truly eternal.

Even so, the young ladies quieted down gradually as they watched him work as if nothing had happened. All of this Miyuki beheld with her own eyes as she nodded in place of her brother and revealed a satisfied smile.

The greatest beneficiary from his normalcy — or even feigned normalcy — and its ensuing effect, was actually Honoka.

Initially, after hearing the “incident” surrounding Morisaki and the others, her face had turned completely pale. Yet, after watching Tatsuya plug away and attend the tactical meeting as if nothing had occurred, she gradually settled down as well.

The change was so complete that now Tatsuya was the uneasy one.

“There are no strategic adjustments from the preliminary round. In the end, Mirage Bat is a test of stamina.”

Still, even if he felt uneasy, there was nothing he could do at this point.

The match was about to begin. He was pressed for time at the moment, so he could only table his unease and focus his concentration on the battle ahead.

“Avoid getting into a battle of attrition. The only thing you need to do is calmly make any necessary adjustments.”

Under Tatsuya’s watching gaze, Subaru nodded in an exaggerated fashion.

“Honoka, don’t expend energy on excess techniques. Just as we practiced, there are fakes created from illusion magic that serve to waste your stamina.”

Forewarned, it was Honoka’s turn to nod.

“The only thing the two of you should be thinking is how to release your specialties to the fullest. Don’t worry, know that we already own First and Second place right here.”

At Tatsuya’s daring proclamation of victory, both of them nodded in delight.




While it was the height of summer, the longest days had already passed.

By 7 PM, the sun had long since set and the blue sky had been replaced by the hanging stars.

The surface of the lake reflected the overhanging starlight, causing the entire scene to flash brilliantly.

Among the stars, six young ladies stood on several raised pillars.

The thin uniforms that traced their figures did not include any amazing accessories or designs, but over the shimmering waves, they gave off an almost fey like aura. —That’s why there were a lot of male fans flooding the stands.

Mirage Bat used special bats to strike away at the projections that floated 10 meters above the ground, with the highest total determining the victor.

While they said strike, in reality there was no sense of impact nor did the orbs shatter into pieces.

The reason behind this was because the bats in the players’ hands would interact with the CAD and release a signal at the same location as the projections. Once they overlapped, the orb projections would automatically terminate upon registering the impacting signal and add the score to the striking player’s column.

Winning this event required two skills.

The ability to swiftly leap to the same height as the floating projections.

And the ability to even more hastily locate each and every orb’s location.

Of the two, it was the second that could be easily and unexpectedly overlooked. Since nothing was faster than light, immediately taking off after verifying the projection location was usually the swiftest choice. But — there were a few exceptions.

There were a few milliseconds of delay before the projection materialized in the air. If someone could detect the oscillations of the light waves even an instant earlier, they would be able to move towards the location of the light waves before the orb had even formed.

Honoka was extremely adept at reading light waves – strictly speaking, the subtle changes in the Eidos of the light waves. This gave her a tremendous advantage during the elimination round.

The instant before the red orb materialized, Honoka had already activated her magic.

The other players could only watch helplessly as she seized the initiative.

The next orb materialized.

The color was blue. That color was lit for the longest time, so they were the easiest points to score.

Five players started their Activation Sequences.

The first into the air was Subaru.

Everyone started their Activation Sequence at the same time, but the first two to finish them were the players from First High.

Compared to the players in the event, it was the technicians on the outer perimeter that were furious at this outcome.

Since the difference was so splendidly displayed before their eyes, they were forced to admit the cause was the differences in CAD performance.

Since every school had an upper ceiling in terms of machinery, there was no significant difference in hardware capability.

Thus, the only difference lay in software performance.

In other words, the strength of the technician.

“Damn it! How can he fit such a complicated action into such a tiny Activation Sequence!”

Someone choked out in the back. They were probably using a Kirlian filter (a filter that could bring the psion density and activity into the visible spectrum) to take pictures of Honoka and Subaru activating and processing (from the start of the Activation Sequence to the beginning of the processing phase).

They leaped straight into the air — completely ignoring the effects of gravitational deceleration — towards the projections, stopped at the orbs, then immediately returned along the same axis after scoring the point and landed after expending all inertia.

Throughout this chain of movements, regardless of whether it was Honoka or Subaru, they never manipulated the CAD once. In other words, everything from the player leaping into the sky thanks to the Activation Sequence onward was completely written into the CAD.

The smaller the Activation Sequence, the faster the processing speed.

Likewise, the less Activation Sequences that needed to be processed, the less strain was placed on the player as well.

They were using the minimal Magic Power to accomplish phenomenon rewriting at the fastest possible speed.

“It’s as if we’re up against Taurus Silver himself out here!”

No one knew who made that comment in the ensuing ruckus.



“A-chan, what’s wrong……?”

Azusa turned around to find Mayumi studying her strangely. Studying the wide-eyed, petrified her.

“No…… It’s nothing.”

Seeing Azusa curl into a ball, Mayumi replied with an “Is that so?”, and turned back to observing the contest.

Azusa’s reaction was well within the normal boundaries of her behavior, so there probably wasn’t anything to it.

However, what was different was that something other than her usual embarrassment currently captured her heart.

(……As if, we’re up against “Taurus Silver”?)

Somewhere, someone made that complaint.

Mixed into the middle of all the shrieks of delight and dismay, for some reason these particular words wormed their way into Azusa’s ears.

(That fully manual Activation Sequence adjustment…… Connecting the main systems from the Generalized model to the subsystems of the Specialized model is the current cutting edge research…… The ability to use Loop Cast on Generalized CADs…… “Inferno”…… “Phonon Maser”…… “Niflheim”…… Every one of these are high class magics that have never had their Activation Sequences published……)

For someone who was also aiming to become a Magic Artificer, Azusa started thinking back on each “tour de force” that shocked the crowd time and time again.

(As if? We’re up against Taurus Silver?

No, that…… If it wasn’t Taurus Silver himself, this is simply impossible……)



— I wonder how shocking it would be if he turned out to be a Japanese teenager like us —

Suddenly, his voice rang out through Azusa’s memories.

“……What’s the matter? If you’re not feeling well, go take a break!”

“No, really, it’s nothing……”

Mayumi’s anxious and concerned gaze was drawn towards Azusa who had suddenly leapt out of her seat. Yet, Azusa was beyond caring at this point.

The words that clearly rang out from her recollection. Maybe, that wasn’t a guess at all……

(How is it possible? How is it possible how is it possible? How is it possible how is it possible how is it possible how is it possible?)

Those words occupied all of Azusa’s consciousness.

Far away from those troubled thoughts, two of her underclassmen raced out to a dominating lead to greet the end of the first session.




In the end, Mirage Bat for the Newcomers Division turned out just as Tatsuya predicted, with Honoka and Subaru in sole possession of First and Second Place. Immediately after the end of the match, Tatsuya was summoned to the conference room without any opportunity to partake in the fruits of victory.

Inside, the upperclassmen waiting for Tatsuya were wholly unlike his (female) peers who were delirious with joy, upperclassmen who were the utter masters of their emotions and hid them beneath solemn expressions.

Mayumi, Mari, Katsuto, Suzune, Hattori, Azusa.

Everyone from high command in First High was present.

In addition, Kirihara and Isori were also on the flanks.

Given that team members just suffered serious injuries, it was only natural that they could not appear delighted, but even so their expressions were a little stiff — as if dreading what was coming next. Especially Hattori, who apparently was at wit’s end about what expression to adopt, so he chose to form a mask with his own face, with a thoroughly ill at ease expression.

This could not turn out well, so Tatsuya mentally fortified himself.

“Good work. Thanks to you, we obtained a far better result than any we could’ve hoped for.”

Mayumi used a normal — more like official — choice of words.

Before she said this, Tatsuya’s keen senses picked up how she and Katsuto exchanged a glance in a blink of an eye.

“That’s all thanks to the players’ diligence.”

Tatsuya also replied back in a vague fashion. He hadn’t felt this sort of tense atmosphere since he first enrolled here.

“Of course, credit is due to Mitsui-san and Satomi-san as well as all the other students who tirelessly trained to achieve this result.

However, everyone acknowledges that Tatsuya-kun’s contribution is nothing short of outstanding.

We didn’t suffer a single setback in any of the three events you were responsible for…… In terms of points, the fact that we are guaranteed at least Second Place in the Newcomers Division is all thanks to Tatsuya-kun.”

“……Thank you very much.”

Tatsuya executed a short and prudent bow.

They kept their eyes from matching as they waited for the other person to speak. Yet, Mayumi didn’t cut to the chase.

Tatsuya slowly raised his eyes to find Mayumi using her eyes to stop Katsuto.

There appeared to be something difficult to speak of that Katsuto wanted to clarify.

What was it that warranted such a level of indecision?

Finally noticing that Tatsuya was intently watching her, Mayumi seemed to cave and briefly shut her eyes.

“As I said earlier, even if we withdrew from Monolith Code, we are still guaranteed Second Place in the Newcomers Division. Right now, there’s a 50 point difference between First High and Third High. If Third High takes Second Place or higher in Monolith Code, they would take First Place overall in the Newcomers Division. We would retain First Place if they only achieve Third Place or below.”

This way, there wouldn’t be a huge gap in the rankings for the Newcomers Division, which was Tatsuya’s objective all along for the combined score.

So what were they so anxious about?

Also, why was he summoned in the first place?

Tatsuya was also starting to fret now.

“Before the Newcomers Division, didn’t we assume this would be enough……”

Mayumi could already detect his growing displeasure from his voice. In the midst of her suppressed expression, there were hints of a slightly harried look. What came out was an anxious, frantic voice.

“Since we’ve come so far,”

Even so, she wasn’t settling down to re-examine the situation, but rushing for the finish line.

At this point, Tatsuya finally realized what they were going to ask of him.

“We wish to charge for First Place overall in the Newcomers Division.”

At some point, Mayumi’s tone had reverted to her normal level.

“Are you aware that Third High is dispatching Ichijou Masaki and Kichijouji Shinkurou for Monolith Code?”

At Mayumi’s question, Tatsuya replied with a succinct “Yes”.

“Exactly…… Setting aside Ichijou-kun for the moment, Tatsuya-kun may know more about the details surrounding Kichijouji-kun. With those two teaming up, the chances of them being upset in the elimination round is extremely remote. If we withdraw from Monolith Code, our chances of triumphing in the Newcomers Division vanish as well.”

So, they wanted him—

“So Tatsuya-kun…… May we rely on you to replace Morisaki-kun and the others in Monolith Code?”

—The “thing” that Mayumi wanted him to do coincided exactly with what Tatsuya surmised.

“……May I ask two questions?”

“Of course, what is it?”

He was already 90% certain, but this was a good opportunity to verify things, Tatsuya thought.

“There are still two matches in the preliminary round that have been extended until tomorrow, correct?”

“Yes, you’re right. Owing to this, tomorrow’s schedule will change as well.”

“I thought that replacing players are forbidden even if the starters suffered injuries?”

“After carefully considering the situation, a special exception was made.”

What an unsurprising answer.

Still, even if all these answers were anticipated, accepting them was an entirely different story.

“……Why me?”

This was no question, but a subtle rejection in and of itself. It was just that he was facing upperclassmen, so he had to at least observe the forms and could not simply say “No”.

Mayumi probably predicted that Tatsuya would answer this way and still hadn’t come up with a method to persuade him, hence she kept beating around the bush. Currently, she wore a forced smile pasted on her miserable expression.

“I just thought that Tatsuya-kun was the strongest candidate……”

“Disregarding your grade in technical skills, in live combat ability alone you are undoubtedly the mightiest among the 1st Year male students.”

Mari, who until this moment had left the negotiations to Mayumi, noticed that the situation was turning bleak from Mayumi’s vague response, and threw her weight behind the “persuading” side.

“Monolith Code is not ‘live combat’ — it is a ‘magic competition’ where hand to hand combat is forbidden. I’m sure everyone is well aware of this without me pointing it out.”

Despite this, Tatsuya still didn’t capitulate.

“On magical fighting strength, I think you are also in the highest tier as well.”

Mari glanced at Hattori, who knitted his brows with a thoroughly miserable expression.

This was a merciless, but effective angle of attack, so Tatsuya was forced to abandon his excuse of being “incapable”. However, he still had another card up his sleeve.

“But I’m not a player. In terms of replacements, we should still have other players that have only competed in one event.”

Now, even Mari was at a loss.

“Even if we ignored the pride from the Course 1 students, by grabbing a replacement ‘player’ from the ranks of the ‘auxiliaries’, you would damage the confidence of future participants as well.”

This was probably the issue that was causing them the most headaches and also the one they didn’t want to address.

The Newcomers Division did wonders for educating new students. Even if they triumphed this year, they could not guarantee that this would not negatively impact the Official Division in the ensuing years, which was essentially putting the cart in front of the horse.

If the replacement for one of the primary players turned out to be an auxiliary, and a Course 2 student to boot, this would have a shattering impact on not just the other players, but also the pride of the collective body of Course 1 students.

Mayumi and the others had no rejoinder for this.

He was the master of the field, Tatsuya judged. Now was the time for him to tactfully decline and bow out, and—

“Don’t be naive, Shiba!”

Katsuto’s booming voice rang out.

For a time, Tatsuya was unable to respond.

He was temporarily unable to discern exactly why he was being scolded.

While it was true that his words were sophistry laden with logic, it was logic nonetheless.

If they deployed him, even if victory over Third High wasn’t attainable, Second Place in Monolith Code was still possible.

The difference between gold and silver in Monolith Code was a paltry 40 points. If they captured Second Place, then they would likely carry the Newcomers Division.

But in that case, no matter how you sliced it, Tatsuya would become the key contributor that made the Newcomers Division victory possible.

This would be an absolutely unacceptable result to the Course 1 students still dwelling in their elitist world. Even if he was eliminated during the preliminary round, they would not suffer a Course 2 student like him to represent them in Monolith Code.

“You are already a member of the representative team.”

However, Katsuto’s words fell precisely on the weakest point of Tatsuya’s defense.

“Regardless of whether you are a player or auxiliary, that is not important. You are one of the 20 representatives selected out of the 200 1st Year students.”

Katsuto’s alternate meaning.

In other words, Tatsuya’s presence had already dealt a huge blow to the Course 1 students and brought about severe shock and panic.

“In light of this emergency, our leader Saegusa has selected you as the replacement.

As a member of the team, once you have accepted this responsibility, you also have the obligation to fulfill your duty as a member.”

“But……”

Even so, he still had to respond. Otherwise, they……

“As a member, you should not go against your leader’s decisions.

If the judgment was erroneous, then we who aid the leadership will bring it to a halt.

Members other than ourselves have no place to object.

Indeed…… Regardless of whether it’s myself, the person in question, whoever!”

Tatsuya stared at him blankly and dropped what he was going to say.

Tatsuya finally comprehended what Katsuto really wanted to express.

The message Katsuto was driving across was that regardless of who objected and regardless of what the outcome was, the brass would take full responsibility for the fallout.

“Do not cower, Shiba. Do not worry that you are a substitute. Since you have been selected, go out there and do your duty.”

These words were not just restricted to the Nine Schools Competition. The Nine Schools Competition never had a replacement policy in the first place.

—Do not use your status as a Course 2 student as an escape route.

—Do not look for excuses.

—Do not put yourself in a position of weakness and wallow in despair.

Do not worry that you are a substitute — that’s what this meant. Do not concern yourself with your substitute (Weed, Course 2 student) status, these are what those words entailed.

All his egress routes had been denied.

Also — since they’ve already gotten to this point, he had no plans to back down.

“……Understood. I shall do my best.”

Mayumi and Mari both relaxed.

Katsuto solemnly nodded.



“Then, who are my teammates?”

In front of the upperclassmen, his tone was noticeably softer.

To be precise, he was intentionally using a firmer tone than usual up until now.

“That’s up to you.”

“Ah……?”

Tatsuya was not feigning ignorance. He was once again unable to comprehend what was being said.

“The last two members will be decided by you.”

The same instructions were repeated in a different manner. Katsuto added a few words as if he had just thought of something.

“It would be best if you could decide now, but if you need some more time to consider, then come back an hour from now.”

Hearing Katsuto’s words, Tatsuya almost blurted out, “You’re just the same.”

This was the case in April when they sacked “Blanche’s” base. He gave full authority to an underclassman as if nothing was out of the ordinary.

If he could avoid taking full responsibility, then this would only be a tactic to preserve himself. Yet for Katsuto, the only thing he had was responsibility here, so there’s no reason he could treat this so cavalierly. Rather than calling this a byproduct of his leadership training, it may be more appropriate to say this was his nature…… Abandoning these useless thoughts, Tatsuya focused back on the topic at hand.

“No, if I just need to choose, I don’t need any time……”

Tatsuya had already selected two replacements in his head from the roster.

“I just don’t know if they will agree.”

“Let us handle that.”

……Again, refusing was not an option.

Today was the first time Tatsuya learned that the eldest son of the Juumonji Family had such a forceful personality.

“Is anyone alright? Even if I choose people from outside the team?”

Tatsuya’s mood lightened considerably as if he was allowed to be as frivolous as possible.

“Eh? That’s a little……”

“That’s fine. This is already an unprecedented exception, so by now, no one will care if two more are added.”

“Juumonji-kun……”

Mayumi helplessly glanced at Katsuto. On his part, Katsuto was wholly unperturbed by this.

“Then, I choose Yoshida Mikihiko from Class 1-E and Saijou Leonhart, also from Class 1-E.”

“Hey, Shiba!?”

Hattori quickly tried to interject, but was held back by Suzune’s raised hand.

“That’s fine. Nakajou.”

“Yes, present!”

Katsuto didn’t bat an eyelid at Azusa’s exaggerated response.

“Please call Yoshida Mikihiko and Saijou Leonhart here. The two of them should be at this hotel, though not with the normal cheering squads.”

At first glance, he was bold and unconstrained — while this was also true, he was also someone who paid attention to the minute details. That being said, it was true that unofficial members and students that weren’t part of the cheering squads and were also residing in this hotel did count as oddities. For people doing their due diligence, this was something worthy of devoting some attention to, so it was hardly surprising that he knew. Even so, Tatsuya was still impressed with Katsuto’s knowledge.

“……Tatsuya-kun. Can you tell us why you chose them?”

Since she abandoned the responsibility for persuading Tatsuya to Katsuto, Mari was in no position to object at this point.

Nevertheless, she was still unable to accept this answer, maybe even suspicious that something was afoot as she asked this.

“Of course. A big reason is that I have practically not trained or interacted with any of the male team members.”

Tatsuya was only responsible for calibrating the Women’s team, so it was true that he had never observed any of the men practicing.

“I am utterly unfamiliar with their proficiency and weaknesses. The competition is tomorrow. It is by far too late to start investigating, devising strategies, or doing calibration.”

“……Do you know these two very well?”

“Yes. We’re not just in the same class — we also understand each other very well.”

“Hm…… You have a point. Since we can rely on other technicians for calibration, if teammates don’t understand each others’ strengths and weaknesses, teamwork would become a serious issue.”

As Mari considered this, she suddenly revealed a completely unexpected, mischievous expression.

“Then, that’s not the biggest reason, so what is it?”

At Mari’s curious question, Tatsuya didn’t hesitate and immediately made a stand.

“Ability.”

“Wha?”

This intrepid answer caused Mari, Mayumi, Katsuto, and Suzune to look upon Tatsuya with profound interest.




“Hey, Tatsuya…… Is it true?”

Rather than being confused, Leo wore a forlorn expression as he repeated this question for the umpteenth time.

“Setting aside President Saegusa for the moment, do you think Group Leader Juumonji would spin such a complicated lie?”

Tatsuya was getting ready to give up answering this question.

“Even if you said setting aside the President, I still don’t understand…… Oh, so it’s really true.”

Until now, Leo was still skeptical as he heaved a deep sigh.

To his side, Mikihiko was highly distracted as his eyes drifted, evidently unsure where to look.

“Miki, settle down a bit.”

“My name is Mikihiko.”

After conversing with Erika as if prearranged, a disgruntled Mikihiko sat down on the bed.

They were in Tatsuya’s double room. The entire brass went and persuaded the two of them to accept — more like coerced — and Tatsuya called them over to make plans for the future.

With Erika and Mizuki following along, this does seem a little “prearranged”.

Miyuki, Honoka, Shizuku were tied up by Eimi, Subaru, and their teammates and were currently locked in a spiral of “madness”.

“But…… Haven’t Mikihiko and I made no preparations whatsoever?”

“Exactly…… Forget about the CAD, I don’t think we even have uniforms?”

Mikihiko’s face was a little pale. Owing to his sudden selection, he was a little timid and mystified at his completely unexpected elevation as a Course 2 student to starter for the Newcomers Division. Not that Mikihiko would ever be caught dead admitting that.

Leo’s coloring was normal, but he had shaken off his usual joking expression. He didn’t look particularly energetic.

Besides Mikihiko, Tatsuya was surprised to find that even Leo was a little daunted, but he didn’t choose to alter the plan of attack. Don’t even dream of throwing everything to me, Tatsuya thought.

“Relax. They didn’t prepare a uniform for me either.”

“Wait, that’s hardly a comforting thought.”

Tatsuya waved his hand at Leo’s ready retort.

“It’ll be OK. Even if there’s nothing we can do about it, just relax.”

“No, that’s not what I meant.”

This time it was Erika’s turn to snark.

Those two certainly share the same interests, Tatsuya thought.

“Fine, you’re right. Honestly, that’s all I can say. Don’t worry about it. We’ve already put Nakajou-senpai in charge of the protective gear and tunics. Appearances can be pretty deceiving and she’s quite a competent person. I’m sure she’ll have the perfect uniforms for us.”

Nobody had any comment for that. Not that anyone was going to call into question whether her competence belied her appearance.

“I’ll handle the CADs. I guarantee that I’ll only need an hour per person.”

Completely calibrating a CAD from scratch to the point that it was customized for a Magician usually required triple the amount of the time.

Yet, neither Leo nor Mikihiko seemed particularly astounded.

On one hand, they weren’t wholly aware how impressive “one hour” actually was, and on the other hand, they had already seen so many “shockers” in the past four days that they already thought “Tatsuya’s omnipotent”.

“Is that OK? Isn’t it already 9 PM? You still need time for your gear, right?”

Erika was the only one of the four who was aware how time-consuming CAD calibration was. Thus, she was the only one looking on with concerned eyes.

“That’ll be fine. I only need 10 minutes.”

Looks like their worries were groundless. Once more experiencing first-hand how ridiculous he was, Erika heavily sighed.

“Ten minutes, eh, ten…… Why do I even bother worrying about you.”

“Unfortunately, in reality, we don’t have that much time.”

“Eh?”

Erika comically portrayed a carefree expression, but upon hearing Tatsuya’s bleak words, she quickly became anxious again.

“Regardless of how you describe this, we are an impromptu lineup with no tactical planning.

We have no time to practice, so we must do our fine tuning in battle.

Charging into the fray with only a rough battle plan is like heading in there blind.

For me, this is simply the last resort.”

Rather than saying that Tatsuya was discouraged, it was more like he was ranting.

Erika relaxed somewhat and nodded.

“……So that’s how it is. Trickery is Tatsuya-kun’s specialty.”

“That’s going a little too far.”

Tatsuya could only droop his shoulders and smile at Erika’s overblown description of his shortcomings.

“Well…… It’s pointless to complain any further about something that has already been decided. While Ichihara-senpai and Nakajou-senpai are scrounging up the necessary materials, let’s go over our strategy.”

“You were the one who said we couldn’t come up with a plan.”

Seeing Erika nitpicking Tatsuya’s words, Mizuki barred her path with a vexed expression on her face. (She was just standing in front of her.)

“Erika-chan…… At the very least, please don’t hinder Tatsuya-kun.”

“Ouch! Mizuki, I was just trying to liven up this totally deadbeat~ atmosphere……”

“Yes, yes, as this deadbeat~ atmosphere is fading away, please be quiet. He already said we’re running out of time, Erika.”

Recently, Mizuki had finally figured out the key to dealing with her friend, so she wasn’t being pulled this way and that like she was in the past.

“Hm……”

Erika puffed her cheeks at being scolded, but mercifully remained silent. No matter what she said or what attitude she adopted, she stayed because she was sincerely worried about Tatsuya, Leo, and Mikihiko.

“Our first topic is the formation itself.”

Tatsuya completely ignored the interruption and kept going.

“I’m on offense, Leo is on defense, while Mikihiko will use guerrilla tactics.”

“OK. But what am I supposed to do on defense?”

“I want to know too. What do you mean by guerrilla?”

At this point, Leo and Mikihiko had either accepted their fate or were earnestly getting excited. The highest probability was that they were just trying to muddle through it. Regardless of the reason behind their completely different and proactive attitude, Tatsuya continued his fluid explanation.

“The defense’s job is to protect allied territory from enemy assault.

Everyone knows the victory conditions for Monolith Code, right?”

At this question, Leo answered without much confidence.

“To render the opposing team unable to continue, or transfer the code hidden within the monolith into the terminal, right?”

“That is correct. In order to transfer the code hidden within the monolith, a special Nonsystematic Magic must be inputted into the monolith. The special Magic Sequence serves as a key and splits the monolith in two. Once the monolith has been split, the team is forbidden from using magic to reseal the break. However, using magic to prevent the monolith from splitting is valid. Also, there is a requirement stating that the special Magic Sequence must be used within 10 meters of the monolith and would immediately stop upon leaving that range.”

“……In other words, the defense’s job is to prevent the enemy from getting within 10 meters of the monolith, and even if the special (key) Magic Sequence has been inputted, their goal then becomes preventing the monolith from opening or disrupting the enemy from reading the code, these three points?”

“Full marks.”

Tatsuya nodded in satisfaction at Leo’s answer.

“Generally, Counter Magic can be used to prevent the ‘key’ from activating, but even without that ability, Fortifying Magic is sufficient to prevent the monolith from opening. Strictly speaking, even if the monolith has been split, but if the two halves are still stuck together, this status can be maintained indefinitely. This way, because the monolith wasn’t reattached after separation, this is not a violation of the rules.”

Leo revealed a powerless expression swiftly followed by a suspicious glance towards Tatsuya.

“I really don’t want to say this, Tatsuya, but isn’t this the standard definition of ‘trickery’……?”

Still, Tatsuya wasn’t going to surrender to this level of sarcasm (even if it was only joking among friends).

“Leo and Erika say the exact same thing.”

The first one to waver and shout out was Leo.

“Who do you take me for!”

“What are you talking about!”

Erika immediately set off a chain reaction.

“OK, OK, Erika-chan, relax a little. Leo-kun, please don’t get too excited.”

Thanks to Mizuki’s intercession, the two of them avoided a head on conflict.

“……So I understand the ‘key’ portion. But how do we go about denying the enemy?”

Leo recovered his composure and asked a new question.

“Is kicking and punching off limits as well? I’m not exaggerating here, but long range magic is not my strong point.”

“Then use this.”

As he said this, Tatsuya pulled out that “sword”.

“……Wait, I thought direct contact was forbidden?”

When Leo said this, Tatsuya handed him a thin little booklet.

“A manual?”

Why are you handing me this? Just as he was about to ask, Leo noticed a dog leaf on one of the pages and abandoned his question to flip open that page.

“Rules for Monolith Code, eh……?”

The printed rules for Monolith Code were all over the page, ranging from a simple explanation to newcomers without any preconceived notions to a more detailed play-by-play of an actual competition.

“It’s enumerated here that attacks caused by objects under the effect of magic are not against the rules.”

“So…… If an object is in flight due to magic…… Isn’t that…… I got it.”

The basic setup of this “sword” involved separating the blade in the middle, with half of the blade maintaining a set distance from the other half and flying through the air at will. From a magic systems perspective, it may be more appropriate to describe this as the blade extending through the air. From outward appearances, this was half of a broken sword flying to and fro through the sky. Since there was no physical connection between the two halves, this fulfilled the condition for “objects in flight due to magic”.

“Tatsuya, did you create this thing because you knew about this ahead of time?”

At Leo’s sincere query, Tatsuya could only chuckle wryly and shake his head.

“You overestimate me too much…… This was made purely on a whim. I’m not in the habit of creating malicious tricks day and night.”

It seemed that neither Leo nor Erika was wholly satisfied with Tatsuya’s explanation, but time was of the essence, so he chose to ignore it.

“This Weaponized Integrated CAD — ‘Mini Communicator’ has already been calibrated for Leo’s personal use. I’ve already adjusted the variability of the distance and duration like we spoke of earlier, so don’t mess up the controls.”

“Eh? You mean we’re doing a live test in combat!?”

“Everything tomorrow would be the same thing as live combat.”

Tatsuya switched his tone and paused before adopting an enigmatic smile.

“Besides, I guarantee that this time it’ll be far easier to use than last time.”

“Fine, hopefully this won’t be a problem.”

Facing Tatsuya’s evil smirk, Leo fearlessly took the “Mini Communicator” from him.

“Next is Mikihiko’s role……”

“Yep, Tatsuya, what should I do?”

Mikihiko rose from the bed. Although he was initially indecisive, he was now very proactive, or maybe he was simply motivated now. Being roused to action was infinitely preferable to how he was before, but Tatsuya didn’t touch on this and focused on his mission briefing.

“Guerrilla tactics will entail providing support to either the offense or the defense.”

After delivering this simplistic answer, Tatsuya continued to ask.

“You are capable of other long range magic like the earlier lightning-based magic, correct?”

“Well, yeah……”

Mikihiko vaguely replied.

Families that had inherited Ancient Magic had a strong tendency to hide their own magic abilities.

In modern magic, thanks to the categorization and systems approach to magic, with a notable exception for a few BS Magicians, confidentiality has become a mere formality. However, due to the ingrained values system, this could still be seen at the subconscious level.

Nonetheless, they were headed into battle tomorrow, so if they couldn’t be honest with one another now, they would be in dire straits.

“The destructive power for lightning magic is C-Rank, right?”

“……That’s a magic that was only meant to disable the target, so it only rates as C-Rank. Since it hasn’t been publicized yet, there is no actual record in the rankings.”

“Unpublished, huh…… Wouldn’t that be a huge problem if we used that tomorrow?”

“No…… There should be no problem. The theory behind it is not secret, but the Activation process is. If I avoid talismans and only use a CAD, we should be OK. ……Tatsuya.”

“What’s up?”

“Tatsuya…… You said this before, right? My…… The Yoshida Family’s technique is too verbose, so I cannot wield magic in the way I desire.”

“That is correct.”

Erika stared at them with widened eyes. Next to her, Tatsuya decisively — more like ruthlessly — nodded.

Mizuki covered her mouth with both hands.

Even Leo was struck speechless.

The technique that the famous line of Ancient Magic users had laboriously developed over many generations had just been judged to be a “blemished product!” Without a certain degree of confidence, no one dared to make that assessment.

Otherwise, they were fools of the highest order that believed solely in the superiority of their own techniques.

Obviously, Tatsuya did not belong in the latter category.

“……Then Tatsuya, can you tell me a more efficient technique?”

“I won’t tell you, I will configure one.”

“……I’m sorry, the difference escapes me.”

“The magic you used was likely a variant of ‘Thunder Child’. What I can do is remove the unnecessary portions within the technique and reduce the number of computations while maintaining the phenomenon rewriting ability and alter the Activation Sequence to make that Magic Sequence possible, that’s all. At the end of the day, this is still the magic that Mikihiko is comfortable with.”

“……So you weren’t joking when you said you can comprehend anything you see. It is a variant of ‘Thunder Child’. In order to hide the weakness of the technique, additional layers were added on to disguise the original ability. However, this may tie into the unnecessary portions that Tatsuya spoke of.”

“There was a time when longer casting times required certain defenses to avoid interference. Nevertheless, with the advent of CADs and the rise in casting speed for modern magic, individual counter spells have become obsolete since the magic that is being activated remains unknown. Thus, the real counter to modern magic doesn’t lie in the type of magic, but counter magic that can eradicate its effectiveness in the first place.”

Mikihiko made a small noise.

Amazingly, his smile was in no way self derogatory.

“Haha, so that’s how it is…… Ancient Magic was supposed to possess superior firepower, but now they cannot stand against modern magic.”

“That’s incorrect, Mikihiko.”

“Eh?”

“Ancient Magic and modern magic are not separated by superiority or inferiority, but by their individual strengths and weaknesses.

In a head-to-head match-up, modern magic commands a devastating advantage in casting speed, but from the perspective of surprise attacks, Ancient Magic boasts superior firepower and secrecy.

Didn’t Elder Kudou also say this? The key is how you use magic. The reason I recommended you was because I thought that your magic would serve as an incredible ambushing tool.”

“Ambushing tool, eh…… That’s the first time I’ve heard of that.”

Mikihiko closed his eyes and ruefully murmured. Afterwards, as if dispelling all his doubts, he opened his eyes again.

“I understand. I will use this technique without the talismans, so I’ll rely on the CAD instead. Tatsuya, we’ll go with your suggestion. I believe in you.”

“Thanks, Mikihiko. Since you said that, there’s one other thing I wanted to ask of you.”

“Sure. This can’t be helped, right? Not that I planned to keep it a secret anyway. My father was the one who brought me here, so even if our secret got out, it’s not like they have the right to complain.”

“Don’t worry on that account, my lips are sealed.”

“Ah~ ……Me too. I promise that I’ll never let this spread.”

“Likewise.”

“I’m good for that too, as you know.”

Besides Tatsuya, everyone present who had been silent until now affirmed their intent to keep his secret.

After viewing the last person (Erika) with considerable suspicion, logic finally trumped emotion as Mikihiko nodded towards Tatsuya.

“I’ll keep this short. Can you use ‘Visual Tuning’?”

Mikihiko replied after a short pause not because he was unwilling, but because he was totally shocked.

“……You know about that too? Did Kokonoe-sensei tell you that as well?”

“Maybe.”

“……You certainly gave me a scare there, Tatsuya. Well, the answer is a definite yes. While I’m incapable of performing ‘Five Sense Tuning’, if it’s only two at a time, I can still use ‘Sense Tuning’.”

“Visual is good enough, Mikihiko. In that case, our plan of attack is……”

Tatsuya didn’t noticeably change his volume, but Mikihiko seemed to naturally crouch closer.



As promised, the calibration of Leo’s CAD took less than an hour to finish.

After receiving his personal CAD and weaponized calculation device from Tatsuya, Leo opted to do some training to get used to the new model. Erika volunteered to be his sparring partner as they headed for the outdoor training facility.

The hour was late, but Erika said that with Leo around, nothing would happen to her or otherwise. So Tatsuya compromised.

Presently, Tatsuya was calibrating Mikihiko’s CAD at lightning speed. Next to him, Azusa was staring at him in shock. As the user, Mikihiko was also present as he stared wide eyed at Tatsuya’s unique calibration method and typing speed. Yet, the subject that astounded Azusa was not so superficial.

Right now, Tatsuya was assembling an Activation Sequence that took into account the traditional requirements for Ancient Magic and adapting them for use in modern magic. “Translating” the technique itself wasn’t a particularly daunting task. Much like using a clumsy machine translation, awkward details and minor errors would be scattered all over the place.

Even Azusa was able to fix errors like those.

Yet the calibration being displayed before her eyes was nothing short of a complete rewriting of the Activation Sequence.

By fully comprehending the transformation process from Activation Sequence to Magic Sequence, he was rewriting the Activation Sequence without sacrificing any efficiency from the Magic Sequence.

The Activation Sequence is the blue print for the Magic Sequence. Rewriting the Activation Sequence implied that the Magic Sequence was also being rewritten. Not only did the magic have to be finely tuned to the individual Magician, the excess details in the Magic Sequence also had to be pruned to increase efficiency. That level of rewriting had long surpassed “revision” or “configuration” and had ascended to the realm of “innovation”, which was the same thing as improving the very magic itself.

Before he began, Azusa honestly wondered whether this was even possible when she learned from Tatsuya what he was attempting to accomplish. Yet before Azusa’s own eyes, he bypassed any experimental verification or live testing and proceeded directly to extracting the very essence of magic from the Activation Sequence and began cutting away at the unnecessary portions and redesigning the Activation Sequence. This was precisely what was unfolding on the editing machine.

Even Azusa, who had volunteered as Tatsuya’s aide in place of the usual technician responsible for the Newcomers Division’s Monolith Code event, felt powerless before this insane industry. Right now, the only thing she could do was examine the coding language for the freshly minted Activation Sequence as her gnawing doubts steadily solidified into conviction.



He — Shiba Tatsuya — had exceeded the standards of a high school Magic Artificer.

Scratch that, he had long since surpassed the boundaries of what it meant to be a Magic Artificer.

He must be—

Leaving Azusa milling in confusion behind him, Tatsuya used one full hour to completely rewrite Mikihiko’s personal Activation Sequence.





Chapter 10




The fifth day of the Newcomers Division dawned with a bewildering atmosphere.

An unprecedented malicious act had occurred during Monolith Code yesterday, seriously injuring the players from First High to the point that they were unable to compete. Usually, the remaining two matches would end in their capitulation, but thanks to the board’s intercession, a replacement team was allowed to compete on the following day.

Monolith Code used a variable rotation format with each school competing in four matches and the four schools with the most victories advancing to the elimination round.

In the event of a tie, totals were recalculated with uncontested victories excluded. In the event of a tie, there has been a precedent where two schools fought it out to determine who advanced. If there was no direct contest, then the school with the smaller amount of time needed for victory would advance.

The current standings were Third High with four victories, Eighth High with three, First, Second, and Ninth High each with two victories. Ninth High took less time to achieve two victories than Second High. One of First High’s victories included Fourth High being disqualified, so they couldn’t simply advance with two victories.

In today’s special matches, if First High defeated Second and Eighth High, then the schools that advance would be First, Third, Eighth, and Ninth High.

If they beat Second High but lost to Eighth High, then First, Third, Eighth, and Ninth High would advance.

If they lost to Second High but were able to beat Eighth High, then First, Second, Third, and Eighth High would advance.

If they lost to both, then First High would not advance to the elimination round. Second, Third, Eighth, and Ninth High would advance instead.

…That was how this event was going to play out.

Regardless, if First High defeated Second High, then Second High would be eliminated rather than advancing without a win, hence Second High vigorously protested this arrangement. On the other hand, if they beat Eighth High and went easy on Second High, then the Nine Schools Competition would be accused of cutting inside deals.

“In other words, to please both sides, we just have to lose both matches…”

“If we’re heading out, we’re going out to win it. If we lose, then making the exception becomes pointless.”

“Looks like I don’t need to worry on that account.”

The fact that First High’s replacements were not registered players was the source of much confusion and gossip.

Rather than selecting their substitutes from the top ten representatives of their cohort, they went with a member of the technician team as well as two newly recruited members.

Some wondered, did First High hold back another expert on Monolith Code? In that case, why wasn’t this person put forth as a starter for Monolith Code in the first place? Each of the schools was mystified by First High’s intentions.

And now, the three of them who walked onto the arena only aroused more curiosity.



“…Don’t you think we’re a little too conspicuous?”

Mikihiko seemed unable to settle down. Hearing this, Tatsuya resolutely curtailed his words.

“It is only natural for players on the field to draw the eyes of the spectators.”

“Well, that’s not what I’m talking about…”

Mikihiko shook his head at Tatsuya pretending to be ignorant, despite knowing full well what he was talking about and cautiously peered at Leo.

“That’s really eye-catching…”

Leo knew what that look implied and dropped his own gaze to waist level.

The ruckus from the stands vindicated Leo’s suspicion. (That being said, it’s not like they could tell what was being said.)

Their protective gear and helmets were the same as the other schools.

“A sword? Isn’t direct contact against the rules?”

But the presence of the Mini Communicator threw the crowd into an uproar.

Leo’s “sword” was actually a Weaponized-Integrated CAD. However, less than 10% of the crowd was actually able to discern that detail. Very few people, even among the players and engineers, knew of the existence of Weaponized-Integrated CADs, which was hardly surprising in and of itself.

In addition, magic written into the Weaponized-Integrated CAD usually involved buffing its martial ability — the “weapon’s” ability. “Blades” usually improved cutting power. “Spears” buffed their piercing force. “Rods” strengthened their striking power. “Shields” empowered their defensive abilities.

Take “Sonic Blade” for an example, some of the options include “Speed Boost”, “Penetration Boost”, “Fortify”, “Reflect”, but all of these were used to raise (the original weapon’s) martial nature and incorporated into the Weaponized-Integrated CAD.

As a “sword”, the typical options include cutting power and armor penetration, so whichever power it was it still directly correlated with the weapon’s physical attack. Anyone familiar with CADs was justified in their reasoning that this was against the rules for Monolith Code.

Yet, Leo was not the sole focus of attention.



“…There he is.”

“Yeah. Never thought he would appear as a player on the field.”

“Twin pistols, with a bracelet-model on the right wrist… Simultaneously operating three CADs?”

“He’s not your average Joe. I don’t think he’s bluffing here. Doesn’t it look like both are long-barrel model Specialized CADs?”

“They don’t look like stealth weapons, so he’s probably dual-wielding two Specialized CADs. But most people choose to use Generalized CADs when operating magic from different systems…”

“So you can operate multiple CADs at the same time. Show me what you’re capable of!”

Masaki and Kichijouji’s conversation embodied the perception from the majority of the viewers. Each school’s players and auxiliaries were all watching Tatsuya.

This was the infernal super technician that won First Place for every event he was responsible for.

In contrast to the fervent cheers of support from the Year 1 female players, the Year 1 male players looked on mockingly.

They were silently rooting for the opposing team.

Curiosity reigned over all other thoughts now.

In the midst of this, the match against Eighth High commenced.




“So we’re up against Eighth High in a wooded area, eh…”

“Generally… That’s to our disadvantage.”

Mari murmured with eyes glued to the screen while Mayumi replied as she watched the progression.

Monolith Code was an event that placed the players against each other under variable outdoor conditions. The Nine Schools Competition used five scenarios: Woodlands, Boulders, Open Plains, Valley, and Urban Setting.

Among the magic high schools, Eighth High placed the most emphasis on outdoor training, so the Woodlands were like their home court. The settings were randomly generated. However, even under these exceptional conditions, the fact that an unfavorable setting was picked for one of the schools that originally possessed an unearned victory definitely raised concerns that someone was manipulating the odds.

—Yet, neither Mayumi nor Mari or any of the other members of the brass gathered in the pavilion were particularly worried.

It was public knowledge within First High’s command level that Tatsuya trained under the “Ninjutsu Specialist” Kokonoe Yakumo. A woodland setting with lots of visual obstructions was an ideal location to bring out the merits of “ninjutsu” to the fullest. This was also common knowledge.

However, for the opposing school that was wholly unaware of this “fact”, this was a titanic miscalculation.

Between the starting locations — where the monoliths were erected — there was a distance of approximately 800 meters.

In full protective gear and carrying a CAD, players needed at least five minutes to thread through the gaps within the woodlands.

When taking into account that they needed to be constantly on guard against enemy movements and assault, the time was easily several times greater.

Regardless — less than five minutes into the match, combat broke out near Eighth High’s monolith.

The players’ activities were closely monitored by anti-cheating cameras. The recorded images would be displayed on a large screen for the audience. In arenas with large numbers of visual obstructions, the audience was reliant on these images to follow the unfolding match.

Currently, the large screen hanging from the sky displayed Tatsuya’s image appearing before the defender from Eighth High.

“He’s fast…!”

“Personal Acceleration?”

At Kichijouji’s murmur, Masaki also asked aloud, his eyes still locked onto the screen.

The image appeared briefly before the cameras, and then leaped out of the frame in the next instant.

The defender on the other side fell to one knee.

The camera switched over to find Tatsuya flanking the defender to the right side and sprinting for the monolith.

“No, it doesn’t look like he used Move-Type Magic… Ah!”

The defender raised the muzzle of his CAD towards Tatsuya. Tatsuya’s earlier attack appeared to only have temporarily upset the defender’s balance.

The Specialized CAD shaped like a short-barrel pistol started its Activation Sequence.

Immediately, in the frame specifically designed to show psion motion, a rapidly expanding, non-physical shock wave — a psion explosion — shredded the defender’s Activation Sequence into nothing.

Just then, Tatsuya’s left hand was holding a CAD.

From the rear, his right hand was empty.

But in the image now, Tatsuya was running with the CAD in his right hand pointing towards the defender.

“When?”

Did he draw? Masaki omitted the last few words.

But Kichijouji’s answer wasn’t directly on the money.

“Wait, don’t tell me… Gram Demolition!”

“Did you say Gram Demolition?”



The defender was shocked into immobility by his disintegrated Activation Sequence. Tatsuya kept an eye on his opponent and clicked the trigger in his right hand before the monolith.

“Nice! The monolith is opening!”

Seeing Tatsuya plug in the special code that served as a key and split the enemy monolith in two, Honoka was fairly dancing with joy.

“…Odd.”

By her side, Shizuku wrinkled her brows in confusion.

“Shizuku, what’s odd?”

In the crowd of Year 1 female students, Eimi asked Shizuku.

“The monolith has been opened, so why is he retreating?”

Just as Shizuku said, Tatsuya didn’t approach to copy the code in the monolith but altered his path and ducked back into the cover of darkness within the forest.

“Now that you mention it… Hey, Miyuki, what do you think?”

“Even Onii-sama would be hard pressed to input all 512 characters under constant enemy harassment.”

The shell-shaped keyboard worn on the left wrist was also the terminal used to input the code. Even if Tatsuya typed at lightning speed, he would still need some time to input all 512 characters on the tiny keyboard.

“You’re right… This is the first time I’ve seen someone use the key while the defenders are paralyzed.”

Just as Shizuku muttered with dawning comprehension, the frozen defender came around and hustled into the trees after Tatsuya.



“Just now… That was…”

When Tatsuya used Counter Magic, no one was more astounded than Mari herself.

Mari was panting and unable to speak coherently. The surprising thing was that next to her, Mayumi was able to reply blandly.

“Gram Demolition… I had an inkling you were capable, Tatsuya-kun… And you didn’t disappoint.”

“Mayumi, you know what that was?”

Mayumi glanced at Mari, who was itching to approach, and swiftly looked back towards the viewing screen.

“Gram Demolition uses compressed psion particles to directly detonate the target by charging forward without using the Information Dimension. This Counter Magic is accomplished by forcibly blowing away all the accompanying Activation and Magic Sequences — anything that has traces of magic psions recorded on it.

This is a magic that demolishes the record of magic (Gram), hence the name Gram Demolition.

While it is called magic, this is strictly a psion cannon ball that makes no attempt to use Magic Sequences to alter reality. This way, Gram Demolition is not restricted by Data Fortification or wide area interference, and the cannon ball’s own pressure would reject any effects of Cast Jamming.

Since there’s no actual physical effect, physical obstructions can do nothing.

This way, the magic that your opponent is casting is forcibly blown away by the psions.

In order to halt that kind of furious charge, a multi-layered defensive wall of psions might barely hold up.

Besides its rather short effective range, there are almost no weaknesses. Along with Gram Dispersion, Gram Demolition is known as one of the strongest Counter Magics within Nonsystematic Magic… But there are very few people capable of performing this feat.

I cannot do it either.

Since this isn’t an interference ability but a true dispersion, I am unable to create that kind of force with my psion count.

In summation, it’s a super heavyweight!”

“…In other words, it’s like a huge brute swinging around a giant mace with all his strength, right?”

Hearing Mari’s roundabout description, Mayumi burst into laughter.

“To be able to say it like that, you’re quite calm about it, Mari! However, you’re largely correct. During the match with Hanzou-kun, I thought Tatsuya-kun was a more delicate, finesse type… I never imagined that he was actually a front line bruiser.”

“Then, during the incident on the way here, it was really…”

“I believe that’s what happened. I didn’t see it at the time, but didn’t Mari witness it? There were at least ten overlapping Magic Sequences during the incident, but they were all dispelled instantly… Exactly how high is his psion count…”



Eighth High’s formation consisted of one defender and two attackers.

The two attackers split into two paths. One of them reached First High’s territory.

“Ah, Tatsuya-kun, hurry!”

“Go, Leo-kun!”

First High’s territory, which contained First High’s monolith, was in a setting that allowed the audience to easily pick out all the details.

Under Erika and Mizuki’s gaze, Leo dropped into a combat stance before his monolith and drew the “sword” from his waist.

The attacker’s figure could be seen in the shade of the trees.

He held a Specialized CAD similar to the ones his teammates were carrying.

The attacker’s intent was clearly to overwhelm Leo, the defender, then open the monolith in one go.

The attacker aimed his CAD at Leo.

While Leo swung the Weaponized Integrated CAD “Mini Communicator” horizontally.

Both occurred at the same time.

“Excellent!”

“Damn, that guy’s pretty good!”

Both Erika and Mizuki erupted into cheers.

A flying metal board traced an arc as it flew through the trees and sent the attacker rolling with a direct blow from the front.

Based on the coordinates of the trees, Leo had already calculated his effective range and used the separated blade to strike away at the attacking player.

After restoring the “blade” as one, Leo pointed the “sword” towards the sky.

The “blade” in his hand shot forward and came to a halt high in the sky.

“Oh — Ah —!”

With a roar, Leo swung the “blade” downwards with a speed that matched the radial motion and bestowed the final blow to the attacker lying on the ground.



“What, was that?”

While her question may seem stern, Suzune’s question clearly portrayed that she lost a little of her usual coolness.

“That would be the ‘Mini Communicator’ — a Weaponized Integrated CAD and original magic that Shiba-kun pioneered.”

Azusa, who was on hand last night during calibration, answered in response.

“Both a Weaponized Integrated CAD and an original… I wonder what’s the design?”

Hearing Azusa’s concise explanation, Suzune nodded repeatedly.

“I see, that is a novel concept. Yet, for Shiba-kun at least, this seems like a coarse system.”

“Coarse, is it?”

Suzune patiently explained to Azusa, who was tilting her head to one side.

“Yes, this magic has obvious limitations regarding the user’s physical specifications and usable environmental situations…”



The third player from Eighth High was repeatedly backtracking through the forest.

While the setting was the woodlands, this wasn’t the Fuji forests themselves. Parts of the hills in the arena were artificial, with trees and plants transplanted here, and it was only intended for training purposes.

Half a century had passed since the transplanting phase, and the forest had naturally grown on its own. Still, this wasn’t a dense jungle where people could easily get lost 800 meters in.

But the reality was that the player from Eighth High was hopelessly lost.

“Where the hell are you, you SOB! Stop skulking around and get your butt out here!”

The player from Eighth High made no attempt to disguise the agitation in his voice as he attempted to use magic to remove the ultrasound waves.

The strength of the ultrasound waves was not even worth mentioning.

The only noticeable effect was a slight ringing in the ears.

That being said, this ringing was irritating to the extreme.

While the players were wearing military-grade protective helmets, they were only standard infantry gear intended to protect the head from shock and pressure, so there was no function to block vapors or sound waves. The helmet protected the face, but there were small holes to allow sounds to reach the ears.

Under attack from ultrasound waves, the only counter was to use your own magic to defend yourself.

The player from Eighth High returned his team CAD to the holster and pulled out a cellphone-shaped Generalized CAD he prepared from his pocket. He planned to use this to defend himself from the ultrasound waves and advance on First High’s position,

However, regardless of how long he walked, he never found the enemy field.

He never even noticed.

Under a constant barrage of high and low frequency sounds, his attention had been entirely drawn to the high frequencies, enabling the low frequencies to wreak havoc in his inner ear.

His vision was restricted as he endlessly turned left and right — complicated by the fact that he had no opportunity to reestablish his bearings and his senses were out of whack. This would naturally result in the situation where he was utterly unable to grasp his current location.

If someone noticed they were lost, they would immediately consult a compass, but if they were gradually misled by their senses, it was infinitely more difficult to correct the problem without being aware that one was misled in the first place.

The player from Eighth High had fallen into the time-honored trap known as “hubris”.

Mikihiko was the one responsible for laying this snare.

Spirit Magic “Echo Maze”.

Even if he wanted to retaliate, thanks to his scrambled senses, he couldn’t even tell where the caster was. Scratch that, even if he was functioning normally, he had no chance of sniffing out Mikihiko’s location.

That was because Mikihiko initiated this sound wave attack through the spirits.

If he caught the source of the magic, the only thing he would find would be the position of the floating spirits.

The power of absolute stealth.

This was one of the greatest weapons within “Divine Earth Magic”, the branch of Spirit Magic Mikihiko belonged to.

Behind the aimlessly wandering player from Eighth High, Mikihiko calculated that it was about time to execute the next phase of the mission.

After luring the defender away from the monolith and deep into the forest, Tatsuya was mulling his options and trying to decide whether he should attack directly or assist in other theaters.

If he chose to attack, he must win the necessary time to input the code after swiftly incapacitating his opponent.

If he chose to assist, he must continue to draw the defender’s attention, hereby buying time for Mikihiko to input the code.

He paused for an instant to consider.

Tatsuya elected to attack.

He drew the CAD on his left and clicked the trigger after pointing it towards the ground.

After activating magic to lighten his weight, he lightly tapped off the ground and sprang along the treetops with the ease of a squirrel.

Once he used magic, his opponent should be able to easily pinpoint his location.

The use of magic would create unavoidable side effects through the change in Eidos.

A skilled Magician could not only identify the caster’s location based on the ripples of magic, but even the magic used as well. However, for such a weakly applied magic like this, could the player from Eighth High even detect that he used Weight-Type Magic? And if so, could he ascertain that Tatsuya was bounding along the treetops?

For Tatsuya, that would be the most convenient outcome.

As he moved between trees, he didn’t cast magic while leaping.

As if his legs had springs attached to them, he didn’t even cause the trees to shake.

As expected, the defender had already arrived at the point where he had leaped off the ground.

His gaze was scrolling upwards.

Behind him, Tatsuya squeezed the trigger in his right hand.



On the widescreen that showed psion movements, the image depicted the defender from Eighth High as he was inundated with psions from Nonsystematic magic.

The defender staggered briefly, then collapsed.

“…‘Resonate’, eh, Nonsystematic Magic.”

“So he used biological waves and the psion wave to create resonance in order to incapacitate his opponent?”

Hearing Kichijouji’s words, Masaki nodded.

“It appears that he’s calibrated the right hand to use Nonsystematic Magic and the left hand to use Weight-Type Magic and is using them interchangeably.”

“George… Don’t you think this guy’s Nonsystematic Magic contains traces of Ancient Magic?”

“You think so too, Masaki? Is it Shugendo… Or even Ninjutsu? Biological waves — historically known as ‘chi’, is actually quite similar to the magic he’s using.”

“I think that even those Ancient Magic users wouldn’t con people with the term ‘chi’ these days.”

“Ho? Nitpicking isn’t very becoming of you, Masaki.”

The defender hadn’t completely lost his mobility. He was still somewhat conscious. Still, in his current condition, he was no longer able to keep up with Tatsuya.

Using a bent tree branch’s potential energy, Tatsuya took a giant leap. As he flew overhead, he clicked the trigger in his left hand and didn’t bother to adopt a landing posture. He arrived in front of the monolith in a blink of an eye.

The image of Tatsuya opening the shell and inputting the code was displayed all over the screen.

Off in the distance, the wails of the supporters from Eighth High could be heard, but Mayumi turned to look at Mari.

Mari also turned to catch Mayumi’s gaze.

“…He won.”

“…He actually won.”

Now, First High was guaranteed to advance to the elimination round.

Yet for some reason, neither one of them seemed overjoyed at that thought.



After receiving the code, the ending whistle rang out shrilly.

As First High’s banner was raised into the air, the stands where First High’s supporters sat turned into a complete bedlam.

“We won! We won!!”

“Amazing, amazing, amazing! It was a complete victory!”

“Congratulations, Miyuki!”

“Your brother did it!”

The shrill shrieks of joy came from the Year 1 female players.

It was as if they had captured the championship already.

There were also cheers and congratulations being swapped in the normal stands, but much more subdued.

“Whew… My heart almost stopped!”

“Why? Weren’t Tatsuya-kun, Leo-kun, and Yoshida-kun all safe and sound?”

“Nah, I felt that besides Tatsuya-kun, the others were really tight…”

“Eh? How?”

“You ask how… Well, in a lot of ways.”

Hearing her friend’s abstract and incomprehensible words, Mizuki tilted her head in a comical fashion.

“You’re weird, Erika-chan.”

At being seen as a weirdo by Mizuki, Erika had dozens of excuses lined up to defend herself, but making her friends anxious wasn’t Erika’s favorite pastime, so she decided to let it slide just this once.




The next match, between First High and Second High, was set 30 minutes from now.

While he felt that the break was rather short, Masaki didn’t have to worry about this since he was unlikely — (certainly) — not going to meet them in battle today. On the other hand, he should probably welcome the idea of First High’s players exhausting themselves. Yet, the moment he thought of this, he found the idea despicable and immediately erased it from his thoughts.

The next setting hadn’t been announced yet.

After the match, Masaki was still sitting on the observation deck and couldn’t help but engage Kichijouji in conversation.

“So, what do you think of that match?”

“Masaki isn’t asking about the team as a whole, but ‘him’, right?”

His words corrected for him, Masaki could only smile wryly.

“You’re right. George, if it was you, how would you handle him?”

“I feel that he’s very accustomed to the battlefield. Combat movement, surveying the battlefield, positioning… Compared to his magical abilities, those are the things we should be watching out for, aren’t they?”

“What about his magic?”

“Let me think… While I was shocked by ‘Gram Demolition’… But that final ‘Resonance’, even though he got the perfect surprise attack from behind, he wasn’t able to render his opponent completely unconscious. Isn’t that an opening we can exploit?”

“Yeah…”

“Now that I think about it, at first contact he likely used Weight-Type Magic to disturb his opponent’s balance — but he may have wanted to topple his opponent completely, but was only able to force him to one knee.

That was also the case with the Light Weight Magic he used to jump to the trees. Just that alone was not sufficient to hold his weight.

To a certain degree, perhaps he’s unable to wield strong magics?

This may be a side effect from using high performance CADs for so long, he may be unable to use his full strength with inferior models, but we may never know.”

“That’s possible. With that kind of superlative skill, he would naturally use the state-of-the-art hardware. Thanks to his sudden elevation as a substitute, he didn’t have the time to get used to the weaker models.”

“We don’t know all the details, but that’s not necessary, is it? At any rate, from a magic perspective, I think ‘Gram Demolition’ is the only thing we need to watch out for. Rather than following the example from the player of Eighth High, we should definitely take heed not to fall into the same strategy.”

“So you mean that we do not fear him in a head-to-head confrontation?”

“Exactly. If we could only force him to meet you man-to-man… If we could do that, then Masaki’s triumph is assured. For example, if our match is set on the ‘Open Plains’, we would win ten out of ten.”




During the resting period for the players of First High, Mikihiko was distracted as he repeatedly sat and rose from his seat.

“Mikihiko… Can you settle down?”

The calibration for the “Mini Communicator” was just completed. As if reexamining its weight, Leo was waving it around as he said listlessly.

“Leo… You’re truly a carefree sort. Well… Even meeting peers from other classes that we’ve never met before.”

Those words seemed to be squeezed out of Mikihiko. Under a “What?” gaze from everyone, Miyuki revealed a charming smile.

“I never knew that Yoshida-kun was so shy!”

Tatsuya shrugged and sat in a relaxed posture. Behind him, Miyuki stood there massaging his shoulders and turned a dazzling smile on Mikihiko.

“I think that Mikihiko’s reaction is perfectly normal. He is an innocent youth after all, Miyuki.”

“Aya! Really, Onii-sama. Miyuki has never seen a shy Onii-sama before, has she?”

Seeing Tatsuya turn his head and gaze at her with narrowed eyes, Miyuki’s smile only widened. During this time, her soft, white fingers never stopped to gently caress and massage her brother’s shoulders.

— So I’m shy, damn it! —

— But seeing you guys like this only makes me even more mortified! —

…Unable to voice this aloud, Mikihiko could only suffer through this in silence.

Speaking of which, Mayumi and Azusa passed through the covering (made of the highest quality cloth from the 21st century) and came in.

Seeing the siblings like so, both came to a halt, with Azusa’s face turning hotter with each passing second.

While Mayumi failed to blush openly, she looked at Tatsuya as if she saw a dirty stray crawling in the filth.

“…Somehow, I feel like I’m being mercilessly condemned, or is that disdain?”

“You’re thinking too much!”

When Tatsuya turned to face her directly, Mayumi ruthlessly bit those words out, then quickly coughed to pretend to clear her throat.

By the time she turned around, Tatsuya already rose.

(Somehow…This child seems like a soldier…)

The tips of his toes were slightly apart, his back ramrod straight, both hands were crossed behind his back, as if this pose was perfectly natural for him. Was this anxiety, prudence, or overconfidence? Nothing seemed out of place on him.

Rather, it made her feel like her own actions were undeniably childish.

“…Seriously, don’t worry about it.”

In the end, Mayumi still defended herself despite her overwhelming reluctance to do so, causing her to slightly despise herself and wish for a swift end to this task.

“The setting of the next match has been decided.”

“So you’ve come specifically to tell us. Much thanks.”

Tatsuya lightly bowed to Mayumi and used his eyes to ask: “Where?”

“Urban district.”

Mayumi’s words struck Tatsuya speechless.

“…This is still the case despite what happened yesterday?”

“That’s because the setting was selected randomly. I’m afraid they didn’t even take it into consideration.”

“I see…”

It was quite impressive that the board was willing to be so candid, Tatsuya thought, but he chose not to voice this.

“I’ll hurry over immediately. The CAD calibration is already done.”

“Thank you!”

Mayumi nodded her acceptance while Leo and Mikihiko immediately started preparing.

The preparations only included buckling on the protective jacket, helmet, and CAD they took off earlier.

That was all the preparation necessary.

They threw on the jacket, closed the zipper and tightened the buttons.

“Uh, Shiba-kun…”

As Tatsuya adjusted the CAD and holster, Azusa asked him a question.

“What is it?”

“What are you going to do with… Saijou-kun’s CAD?”

“What am I going to do?”

“Because… Wouldn’t it be hard to use the ‘Mini Communicator’ in close quarters, such as rooms or stairs? That magic can only cause the blade to float in the air, so its strength is still reliant on the user’s arm strength, right? While the blade does possess the advantage of ‘extension,’ if there isn’t sufficient room to swing the weapon, then there wouldn’t be any advantage in its design… At least, that’s what I heard.”

“From Ichihara-senpai, correct?”

Tatsuya’s words saw right through her, causing Azusa to blush, but for a wholly different reason than before.

“As expected of Ichihara-senpai, that was quite the accurate analysis. However, please don’t worry on that point. There will still be room to swing a sword in the interior. Even if we can’t use a ten meter long sword, one meter will work just as well.”

Catching Tatsuya’s signal, Leo nodded with a “Just leave it to me” expression.




The match between First and Second High completely ignored the incident yesterday and set their respective monoliths inside two buildings — specifically, the third floor in five floor buildings.

This stubborn refusal to accept their own responsibility and error once more reminded everyone that the bureaucracy from the magic universities was quite politically minded.

—However, neither the responsibility nor the blame for yesterday’s “accident” would fall in the laps of the management board.

For Tatsuya at least, enclosed locations with lots of cover from prying eyes were infinitely preferable to wide open areas, so he wasn’t complaining.

Currently, Tatsuya had infiltrated the top floor of Second High’s building. He snuck between the detection of the defenders and looped from the neighboring buildings into this one by hopping along the rooftops without using magic. Precisely because he was engaged in purely physical activities, he eluded the detection of the defenders as he closed in on the target.

Due to the fact that he was passing between the shadows of the buildings and maintaining a stealthy profile, Tatsuya spent a considerable duration of time. Even if they lost this match, they would still advance to the elimination round. That being said, the format of the elimination round pitted the first seed against the fourth seed, and the second seed against the third seed. Meeting Third High in the semifinals was completely different than taking them on during the finals. Tatsuya estimated that time was still in short supply even though he left Mikihiko behind to support Leo.

“Mikihiko, can you hear me?”

“Received, Tatsuya.”

While Monolith Code didn’t forbid the players from using wireless communicators, very few schools took advantage of this. That was because, even if the contents of the message couldn’t be deciphered, modern techniques were quite capable of pinpointing the sender’s location.

On top of that, a three man team using wireless communicators could easily run into the situation where one or more of the members were out of range. Generally speaking, wireless communicators bore little value in this competition.

Despite this, Tatsuya still prudently chose to use this service, undoubtedly for some ulterior motive.

“Let’s begin. We’re relying on you to find the monolith’s location.”

“We can’t hold out here forever. Hurry up!”

“Understood.”

The other side appeared to be locked in combat.

Tatsuya manipulated the bracelet on his right wrist and brought up summoning magic.



Leo swung the “Mini Communicator” horizontally with gusto.

The metallic piece was 40 cm long and 12 cm wide — part of the blade flew through the air in an arc and rushed towards the player from Second High. The weapon’s lack of weight was made up for by additional arm strength in the swing. Leo chopped the attacker’s legs from beneath him.

The attacker fell to the earth. If this was “live combat” he would immediately step forward and bestow a finishing blow. However, Monolith Code forbade close quarters combat.

“Mikihiko!”

Even knowing he couldn’t hear him, Leo still signaled Mikihiko, who was “watching” the scene unfold through the spirits.

In response, a ball of lightning formed in the air.

And struck the prone player from Second High.

Yet, Leo didn’t have the spare time to express joy over taking out one person.

Noticing that his body was under the effect of Move-Type Magic, Leo hurriedly shouted.

“Halt!”

The voice activated CAD on his left wrist received his command through the microphone embedded in his helmet. In terms of wielding two CADs simultaneously, so long as the two activated magics were from different systems, no interference would occur between the two.

Fortunately — in only a handful of situations — Leo’s personal CAD was a highly durable and reliable CAD that had the processing power from two generations ago, so it fulfilled the conditions for competition-use CADs in the Nine Schools Competition. Even if the dubious nature and slight time delay for the voice recognition system were not up to Tatsuya’s standards, in this situation, personal habits trumped that concern, hence Leo was using his personal CAD after some (massive) adjustments to the Activation Sequence.

Just as planned, even though Leo’s CAD was the “latter one”, it still managed to invoke defensive magics before the enemy’s Move-Type Magic launched its attack.

From where he was standing — setting the point where his feet contacted the ground, he fortified his body’s connection to the corresponding coordinates. This was the same tactic that Mari used during Battle Board, though on a smaller scale. Mari’s magic allowed the body freedom of movement while stabilizing herself relative to the moving board. Unlike this, Leo’s sole purpose was to solidly “stabilize” himself to the ground without moving a single muscle. This only lasted for a short instant.

However, because this was a massively downgraded application, this was still able to counter the magic his opponent was in the process of casting.

This building was designed after a school dorm.

From the broken windows, their opponent’s figure could be seen passing through the corridors.

Leo pulled back his right hand and fell into a lunging position, but his opponent had already fled.

Cautiously approaching the prone and convulsing player, he removed his protective helmet.

According to the rules, once an opponent lost their protective helmet, they were forbidden from taking any further action during the match.

(OK, now we’ve taken out one of them…)

Even knowing he had no way of sending this message, Leo still thought this in the privacy of his mind.

(It’s all up to you, Tatsuya. It’s getting hairy over here.)



Thanks to Tatsuya’s summoning magic, the spirit stuck to him became active.

Tatsuya was unable to use Spiritual Magic.

Even if he could detect the active SB, he had no way of commanding it. Magicians utilized modern magic to create false signals to manipulate and rewrite the Eidos of a target and not because they could exert their will to control the Eidos itself.

Nonetheless, they were still capable of using the most basic summoning magic from Spiritual Magic.

He was able to memorize the Magic Sequence within the Activation Sequence because his artificial magic calculation area was stored within his consciousness. No matter what magic it was, once he decoded the Activation Sequence that served as a blueprint for the Magic Sequence, this rudimentary projection of the Magic Sequence was still within his abilities.

This wasn’t even on the same level as casting magic since he was merely imitating the processes that led to magic invocation. However, so long as the necessary components were involved, even if it was a simple replication, some degree of effect could be achieved.

Mikihiko placed an inactive spirit on Tatsuya, which Tatsuya used magic to reactivate.

This way, he immediately established a connection with the “master”, Mikihiko.

While Tatsuya was unable to control the spirit, he had no reason to do so in the first place.

To some degree, his objective was to bring Mikihiko’s reactivated spirit into enemy territory.

His earlier magic should have alerted the defender to his presence.

The most desirable outcome was for the defender to leave the monolith and climb to his level.

Tatsuya silently began to move.

Through his “contracted” spirit, Mikihiko detected that Tatsuya also successfully “summoned”.

(Seriously, how are you a Course 2 student, Tatsuya……?)

This thought formed in one corner of his mind as Mikihiko concentrated on the far away spirit.

In reality, in magic terms, distance posed no real barrier. For the giant information dimension, physical distance wasn’t even an issue.

Originally, only Nonsystematic Magic that directly fired psions without using the information dimension would be restricted by physical distance.

Yet, human beings are limited by the five senses as well as their experiences.

If the physical distance was very large, there would be a “distant” perception.

This perception of distance becomes a magic’s “range”.

With that knowledge in mind, magic also becomes less effective.

Thus, for casting magic on remote targets, the key lay in the perception that the target was right before the caster.

On this point, Spiritual Magic referred to the connection between caster and spirit — once synchronized, they could feel the proximity of the spirit. In other words, Spirit Magic was something that could easily circumvent the range issues for magic.

—Just like this.

(……I see him.)

Visual Tuning.

He wasn’t summoning the spirit over and reading the recorded information. Instead, he was using the connection through the information dimension to directly receive the visual information through the active spirit. This was known as Spirit Magic’s “Sense Tuning”. When restricted to vision only in order to promote clarity, this technique was known as “Visual Tuning”.

“Found him, Tatsuya!”

Yet, next came the tricky part.

Mikihiko was maintaining the connection to two spirits — the one following Tatsuya and the other on Leo, as he transmitted this to Tatsuya.



(That was fast…… So he found it already.)

Spirit Magic was quite convenient, he thought leisurely as he heightened the tension in his body.

No matter how you described it, he was concealing himself by hanging from the ceiling.

Probably because the building was intentionally set in a state of construction, there were many exposed air vents inter-crossed over the room where Second High’s monolith was located. Tatsuya hung from one of them and watched the defender cautiously poke his head around beneath him.

He must have detected the source of the signal, but he never imagined that his opponent was lurking in ambush above him.

Maybe not, Tatsuya thought.

In his eyes, the defender’s extreme agitation created this tunnel vision.

His breathing was ragged likely because he ran up the flights of stairs.

He certainly didn’t feel like someone suited for defense. At this juncture, he was supposed to be cheered at his opponent’s ineptitude, as pity would most definitely be hypocritical.

He toyed with the idea of letting the defender pass, but he ultimately chose to release his grip, twisting in the air to prepare for his landing and pulling out the CAD from his right at the same time.

He squeezed the trigger immediately upon hitting the ground.

The defender didn’t even have a chance to turn his head.

The activated magic was simply a psion shock wave. For a few seconds, the technique would incapacitate him by creating concussion-like symptoms.

In combat, a few precious seconds was the difference between life and death, but this was a competition that forbade direct contact. Tatsuya kept an eye on his unbalanced opponent and ran towards the target Mikihiko pinpointed for him.

It took him less than 10 seconds to pass two rooms and reach his destination.

Noticing that the defender was finally on the move, Tatsuya pointed his CAD directly at his feet.

Each floor was three and a half meters high.

There were approximately seven meters between the third and fifth floors.

This was well within the firing range of the “key”.

He squeezed the trigger.

A subtle change in Eidos traveled along his hands.

Prudently, Tatsuya took the stairs opposite from where he came and descended to the next floor.



With his sight synchronized with the spirit, Mikihiko easily saw the code carved within the monolith.

He looked away.

Right now, Leo hadn’t made contact with the enemy yet.

Mikihiko prayed for a little luck as he started to input the code he visually received from the spirit.

When the ending whistle sounded, Tatsuya was busy dodging the “Kamaitachi[2]” magic the defender was shooting at him.

Leo had his back to the monolith and was prepared to throw everything he had into one last charge.

“Whew…… That went down to the wire!”

Mayumi let out a satisfied breath of relief to which Mari responded with a displeased disposition.

“That guy…… Was he screwing around near the end?”

“Eh? Really?”

“He should easily be able to avoid those attacks…… Why didn’t he eliminate his opponent?”

“I’m sure he has his reasons.”

Mari glared at Tatsuya with a peeved expression on her face while Mayumi calmly rebuffed her words.

“What do you mean? He used ‘Resonance’ during the last match and something else to take out Hattori. Shouldn’t he have more tricks up his sleeve?”

“Supposedly, he cannot use the magic he used against Hanzou-kun because the hardware requirements for the competition-use CAD are unable to execute his abilities. Likewise, wasn’t his ‘Resonance’ attack from the last match unable to completely silence his opponent?

Mari, have you forgotten?

Yesterday, we forced Tatsuya-kun into the replacement’s role, so he only had one night to prepare! In that one night, he had to calibrate Saijou-kun and Yoshida-kun’s CADs and also had to iron out a strategy that took full advantage of their talents……

I can understand that Mari’s irritation comes from the fact that you hold Tatsuya-kun in high esteem. However, I think it is irresponsible to have towering expectations without giving him the necessary time to meet those expectations.”

“Well…… OK……”

Mari nodded slightly, signifying she was reflecting on her words. Suddenly, she paused.

“……Speaking of which, Mayumi.”

“Yeah, what’s up!”

Feeling an icy aura of vengeance manifesting, Mayumi couldn’t help but shiver.

Still, this may be exactly what Mari was looking for.

“You were quite ready to come to Tatsuya-kun’s defense!”

“Wha!? No, what are……”

“No need to be ashamed about it. However…… I think even you would be in for a hard fight against that sis-con level……”

“I already said that wasn’t it!”



While Mari’s objection was derailed by a tangent during a typical conversation (more like nitpicking) for female high school students, those sentiments were echoed by someone else with another perspective among the audience.

“In the end, he only used ‘Gram Demolition’, ‘Resonance’, ‘Phantom Blow’, and Weight-Type Magic, eh…… I can understand not using ‘Decomposition’, but isn’t he skimping too much by not using Flash Cast or Elemental Sight?”

“Sensei, you should know that he has reasons for keeping those under wraps, right?”

“But, Fujibayashi…… Forget Flash Cast for now, even if he used ‘Eyes of the Spirits’, none of those third-rate Magicians watching him would have any idea what he just did.”

Dr. Yamanaka and Lieutenant Fujibayashi from the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion were deep in conversation in the audience stands. If someone familiar with the concepts overheard their conversation, they would undoubtedly leap out of their chair in surprise. Yet, since they were wearing inconspicuous summer clothes, these two could easily have been mistaken for a couple — which was impossible, since they looked like a doctor and his nurse (In Japanese, “sensei” could be used to address a teacher or doctor). If anyone overheard a series of foreign terms, they would probably think they were specific terms from psychology or a related field. No one around them paid them any particular heed.

“Despite this, if someone saw what should not be seen, this would raise a warning flag among the sharper spectators. Compared to Sensory Magic, ‘Elemental Sight’ is more like a Superpower. Based on the situation, it may draw more attention than even ‘Decomposition’.”

The “Eyes of the Spirits” they were talking about — “Elemental Sight” referred to Tatsuya’s ability to identify the “landscape (color)” of the information dimension.

Each of the Four Major Systems and Eight Major Types of magic projected Magic Sequences onto the Eidos through the information dimension.

Thus, Magicians who wield modern magic have the ability to link to the information dimension. By connecting to the information dimension and verifying its “existence” — Tatsuya’s senses could be said to expand the field.

And…… this “expansion” had dire consequences.

Anything with a physical body in this world had their Eidos imprinted in the information dimension.

Also, this wasn’t done through the five senses, or as if he could “see through” this expanded information dimension and the subsystem’s signals to pull out the targets he needed. Rather, he was able to identify each and every Eidos and target them separately.

In other words, no one could escape from his Elemental Sight.

The term “Eyes of the Spirits” was actually a misnomer that became part of the technical jargon due to its long service.

The first scholars who translated this term initially used the adjective “Elemental”, but that was mistaken to mean the noun “Elemental”, giving rise to “Eyes of the Elementals”, which was shortened to “Eyes of the Spirits”. Of course, there were many people who caught onto the mistake, but since “Eyes of the Spirits” was more magically inclined than “Elemental Sight”, the name stuck. This was a slightly unscientific way of approaching the issue, but that was the reason why the term was never corrected.

While this “mistake” was the source of much friction between specialists and non-specialists…… Regarding the fact that no one stepped forward to correct the issue, the jury was still out on whether this was mystifying or worthy of despairing over.

— Back to main line —

Yamanaka knew exactly what Fujibayashi was talking about. Elemental Sight was the same as “Mist Dispersal” in that they were both highly classified.

Despite this, Yamanaka was still reluctant to accept that.

“Since he’s not allowed to disclose this, we’re probably in the same boat……”

They were neither simple nor innocent enough to simply come and support Tatsuya. Nor was Tatsuya fragile enough to painfully publicize that which was forbidden before everyone present. On this point, Yamanaka, Fujibayashi, Kazama, Sanada, and Yanagi were all perfectly clear. Nonetheless, there were always exceptions. If a catastrophe broke out and classified magic was forced out into the open before public eyes, they had to be on hand to handle the situation. That was why they were here bending all their focus and energy towards Tatsuya’s match.

Thus, they had no right to criticize the Yotsuba Family’s clandestine nature, which was precisely Yamanaka’s point. Regardless of how much Yamanaka wanted to see Tatsuya cut loose and show the world a move or two, there was nothing to be done.

“Still, I think that he may get around to Flash Cast. Against the ‘Prince’ or the ‘Cardinal’, I don’t think even he could handle them with such a weak CAD.”

As if finally soothing Yamanaka’s demands, Fujibayashi ended the conversation there.



Not all the audience members were focused on Tatsuya alone.

A considerable amount of people were watching Leo. Especially because he was the first one to wield a Weaponized-Integrated CAD in this competition that both dazzled and bewildered the audience.

Likewise, several spectators were also watching Mikihiko, who had accurately “seen through” the 512 character code from range. Among the crowd of spectators who remained oblivious to what happened, one childhood friend was the exception.

“Really, Miki…… You’re just like you were before.”

“Eh, what is the same as before, Erika-chan?”

Mizuki tilted her head in interest at Erika’s involuntary muttering. Erika vaguely replied back to muddle the issue, then fell deep into her own thoughts.

Erika and Mikihiko’s relationship went back farther than Mizuki realized, so of course she knew exactly what Mikihiko was doing.

While Sense Tuning was by no means a small feat, before his unfortunate accident, the so-called “prodigy” Mikihiko could use that as easily as he breathed the very air itself. Nevertheless, after that incident occurred, he was never able to freely wield magic the way he used to.

(Seriously…… Your mental trauma had long since healed.)

Occasionally, people would say that physical injuries were easy to heal, but mental wounds closed slowly.

In reality, physical injuries were also separated between those that could be saved, and those that couldn’t.

At the same time, mental trauma should be the same.

(Miki…… Did you notice? Today, you are just like you were at your peak!)

Erika didn’t possess the power to identify spirits, nor was she equipped with the eyes to see the spirits themselves.

Thus, she was unable to directly confirm whether Spiritual Magic had succeeded. That being said, she was a daughter of the Chiba Family, renowned for endlessly training in anti-personnel magic combat.

Based on the minute and subtle changes in motion, line of sight, and expression, it was possible to identify to some degree when someone used magic, what they were targeting, and whether they succeeded.

The daughter of the Chiba Family used her pair of “Swordsman’s Eyes” to behold that Mikihiko had cast his desired magic at long last.

(Unbelievable…… Hurry up and realize this. You’ve already recovered!)

Presently, Mikihiko had recovered his “ability” but not his “confidence.”

She could read that much from his stolid expression. This was the product of many years of forced interaction during their childhood years.

Now, all he needed to do was renew his confidence. All he had to do was believe in himself—

“……Erika-chan, what’s wrong? Erika-chan!”

“Eh? What?”

“What do you mean ‘Eh? What?’. What’s up with you shutting yourself away all of a sudden? Are you worried about something?”

“Eh, yeah, now that you mention it, I am a little worried. Didn’t I just say this one was close? Hopefully, the next match will be A-OK~.”

Mizuki was successfully misled by her words and started talking about “Speaking of which”, “Next time”, “We’ll cheer them on”. Setting Mizuki aside for now, Erika once again delved into her inner sanctum.




The seeding for the elimination round had been announced.

For the first match of the semifinal round, Third High was up against Eighth High.

In the second match, it was First High vs. Ninth High.

The results for the rotating preliminaries were First Place: Third High, Second Place: First High, Third Place: Eighth High, and Fourth Place: Ninth High. According to the rules, the semifinals should have pitted Third High vs. Ninth High and First High vs. Eighth High, but since First High already crossed swords with Eighth High in the preliminaries, they made another exception here.

The elimination round would begin in the afternoon.

While Tatsuya’s match was the second one in the afternoon, they couldn’t afford to miss out on Third High’s match.

It was still a little early for lunch, so Tatsuya carried a bento box and accompanied Miyuki back to the hotel.

—It didn’t appear that they could enjoy their lunch in peace at the pavilion.

Leo and Mikihiko had already evacuated back to their rooms to avoid the chaos.

Even though Honoka wanted to join them, if her presence caused an endless stream of well-wishers from their cohort to tag along, then fleeing the pavilion became meaningless. Shizuku stopped her by whispering this in her ear.

Finally shaking off the intrigued gazes — the majority were warm looks directed towards Miyuki — the siblings quickly moved away from the competition area and found a rare scene waiting for them in the hotel’s lobby.

“Hm?”

“Wow……”

In the corner of the lobby, Mari was standing there with an embarrassed flush on her face.

Next to her, a slightly older young man was standing there.

Definitely less than a ten year difference. He was probably in his early to mid-twenties.

The siblings both knew that Mari was rumored to have an older lover.

Was this young man her partner?

He had a medium build without being overly tall, though he was slightly taller than Tatsuya. As could be attested by other people around him, his lanky build wasn’t that of an athlete, but someone who has gone through martial and combat training. This was an obvious distinction in the siblings’ eyes.

According to conventional wisdom, his delicate features labeled him a beautiful young man. While Mari’s features were more neutral, she still qualified as a beautiful young woman. The two of them were a match made in heaven.

Suddenly, Tatsuya slowed down his pace.

“Onii-sama?”

Miyuki, who was half a step ahead now, turned her head to look at him.

Tatsuya was not playing a joke, nor was he planning anything devious like eavesdropping.

The young man’s face was slightly familiar. After searching his memory for a moment, he stopped completely.

“……As expected of the Nine Schools Competition. You can expect to meet celebrities everywhere.”

Now he was interested in their conversation. This thought only flashed through Tatsuya’s mind briefly because he was well aware that this situation called for prudence.

“Do you know him?”

“He rates as an international celebrity.”

At his side, Miyuki urged him to answer. Tatsuya originally planned to answer as they walked.

Still, while he stopped to recollect his thoughts, he didn’t dare to actually “obstruct the date”, but another fearless challenger appeared. A shrill voice caused both Tatsuya and Miyuki to halt their footsteps.

“Nii-sama! What are you doing here?!”

A familiar voice in a completely unfamiliar polite tone of voice addressed the young man.

“Nii-sama? Then this person is Erika’s……?”

Miyuki switched her gaze from Erika, who was stomping towards the young man, to Tatsuya in hopes of confirmation.

“If my memory serves, he should be her second brother. The ‘Chiba Kirin[1]’, Chiba Naotsugu. Currently studying at the University of National Defense, and reputed to be one of the finest magic close combat specialists in the world within a range of three meters.”

“So he’s that amazing. ……But, I would think that having such an older brother would be a great source of pride for Erika, but this open animosity seems out of sorts.”

“Correct. While there are rumors that Naotsugu is an apostate within the Chiba Family…… Yet I hardly find Erika the type to be a stickler for the ‘formalities’.”

“Indeed……”

As the siblings were discussing this, Erika was in the process of tearing her brother a new one. -- And wholly ignoring Mari to one side.

“Nii-sama should be in Thailand serving as a swordsmanship trainer until next week! Why are you here now!?”

Erika was already burning with fury.

Normally, she was indifferent to the coming and goings of other people and the world at large. Today, this scene was certainly a surprise.

“Erika…… Settle down a little.”

The young man — Chiba Naotsugu sought to calm his sister’s towering fury, but this seemed to have no effect on Erika’s animation.

“How can you tell me to settle down! I have no idea what Onii-sama would do, but I could never imagine that Nii-sama would abandon his post!”

“That’s not it, calm down…… I didn’t return by abandoning my post……”

Chiba Naotsugu appeared to be at odds with his fame, given his weak, or maybe gentle, disposition. In front of his little sister’s agitation that showed no signs of diminishing before a crowd, he never scolded her and couldn’t muster any defense save for a few excuses.

“Ho…… Is that so. Then as you said, cooperating with the Thai Royal Magicians and serving as a swordsmanship instructor was my complete misunderstanding?”

“Well, no, that part is just as Erika said…… But I didn’t go AWOL, I was granted furlough……”

“Really. Since you had to put a diplomatic mission involving Japan and Thailand on hold, this surely must be a mission of absolute importance.

In that case, what is so important and demanding that Nii-sama was forced to return home and appear at a hotel reserved for a high school competition?”

In Tatsuya’s eyes, Erika’s tone may have improved, but her mood had plummeted straight down.

Naotsugu likely noticed this too.

As evidence of this fact, his face started cramping.

“No, it’s not diplomatic or anything that grave…… It was only an exchange of goodwill for military officer candidates about to receive their postings, so it’s nothing more than a university student exchange activity……”

“Nii-sama!”

“Present!”

“Goodwill exchange or not, student exchange activity or not, isn’t that still an official mission?! That’s not a reason for you to be lax on your duties!”

“Yes, just as you say!”



Seeing one of the world’s finest reduced to such a state, Tatsuya could only gape in shock.

“……I’ve certainly heard of being hen-pecked, but I have no recollection of someone being whipped by his little sister……”

Feeling that the sight was too much for him, Tatsuya averted his gaze to find Mizuki fidgeting anxiously to one side. After waving her over, Mizuki seemed to relax somewhat and skitter over.

“Tatsuya-kun…… What’s up with Erika-chan?”

“Seriously, what’s going on……?”

Hearing Mizuki’s question, Tatsuya could only shake his head in bewilderment.

“Onii-sama, I believe Erika is venting?”

Miyuki could barely contain her laughter bubbling up from within and gave Tatsuya this vague answer.

“Venting? Venting what?”

“You’ll find out very soon.”

More and more mystified, Tatsuya and company could only keep watching as this “sibling fight” turned a new corner.

“Nii-sama, don’t tell me that you abandoned your post because you wanted to see this woman, did you?”

“Again, I already said I didn’t abandon my post……”

“I don’t want to hear that!”

Erika ruthlessly curtailed her brother’s words and glared at Mari, who she had (likely consciously) ignored until now, before turning back to Naotsugu.

“Really, how appalling…… Nii-sama, known as the Chiba Kirin, would actually abandon his duty for this kind of woman……”

“……Erika, at the very least, I am still your senpai at school. I don’t recall slighting you in any way to deserve being called ‘this kind of woman’?”

Up to this point, Mari patiently endured in silence, but finally broke her silence to interject.

Yet Erika completely ignored Mari’s words.

“Speaking of which, I do believe that Nii-sama fell from grace after starting a relationship with this woman. A swordsman that mastered the Arts of the Thousand Blades neglected to practice his training and became infatuated with those petty magic tricks……”

“Erika!”

For Naotsugu, that must be a taboo subject. He shed his gentle nature like an actor removing a mask. Faced with this blistering castigation, Erika quivered in shock.

“In order to hone the talent, one must always absorb new techniques.

This is what I believe and have always done.

This has nothing to do with Mari.

After hearing Mari got hurt, I was the one who could not sit still.

Even so, Mari told me that it’s fine if I couldn’t make it.

In spite of this, from the very start, as a daughter of the Chiba Family, you should be ashamed of your behavior!”

“…………”

She bit her lip in silence, but even so, Erika never shifted her gaze from Naotsugu.

“Come, Erika. Apologize to Mari.”

“……Never.”

“Erika!”

“I refuse! It’s true that Nii-sama dropped his official task to come here! And all because of that woman!”

Once again, the tables turned.

“I’ll never budge on this point! Nii-sama started to degenerate after going out with that woman!”

Erika swiftly pivoted and fled from her brother with rapid footsteps.




“Erika-chan, hold up, Erika-chan!”

By the time she reached the elevator — and completely out of sight of the lobby, Erika finally turned around to face Mizuki’s voice.

Then, she opened her mouth to form an “Oh”.

“……Tatsuya-kun. Miyuki as well…… Don’t tell me both of you heard that?”

Her tone and expression were both typical of Erika.

Yet, Tatsuya’s instincts told him that Erika was barely holding back her tears.

“I apologize…… We didn’t mean to.”

“Tatsuya-kun, this time you foot the bill.”

“What!? ……Fine, you win. Please be merciful.”

“Negotiations complete.”

Erika revealed her usual flighty and carefree smile.

Given that she had already adopted her usual facade, if Tatsuya overly pampered her, she would only raise her guard, which would defeat the entire purpose.

“Erika, have you eaten lunch?”

“Hm? It’s still early…… Eh, OK. I haven’t eaten yet, so let’s go together.”

At Miyuki’s question, Erika gave a noncommittal answer.

“Onii-sama?”

“Fine. We were going to eat in the room anyway. If you don’t mind, would you like to join us?”

“Sure, I’ll go! Mizuki, want to come too?”

“OK, then excuse me.”

“Please, you’re not a bother at all.”

“Eh? That’s not what I meant!”



“Seriously…… Tatsuya-kun, picking on others is too much.”

Mizuki was still in a bad mood because she was used as a tool to lighten the mood.

However, she wasn’t really holding it against him, this point was obvious. Tatsuya smiled wryly as he took a large bite out of his sandwich.

Mizuki and Tatsuya both pretended to be oblivious to what happened earlier, so they didn’t raise the subject again.

“Then…… Tatsuya-kun, Miyuki, Mizuki, do you guys have anything you wanted to ask me about?”

Still, the person in question — Erika, was ready to reopen Pandora’s Box.

“The person going out with Watanabe-senpai seems to be Erika’s older brother.”

Miyuki was the only one who deftly answered the conversation in a carefree manner.

“Yep. That stupid brother of mine, it’s both pitiful and infuriating at the same time that he’s been conned by that woman……”

“Isn’t he a world-class swordsman? Even if you don’t praise him, I don’t think you should refer to him as ‘stupid brother of mine’, right?”

“Eh? ……Ah, so that’s how it is. If it’s Tatsuya-kun, it wouldn’t be surprising if you knew about Naotsugu Nii-san.”

“E-ri-ka. Even though you’re with us, you don’t have to change your words, OK? Isn’t it Naotsugu Nii-sama?”

“Ah~, forget about that! That’s totally not like me!”

Erika wrapped her hands around her head and buried her head into the bed.

Apparently, the term “decorous” caused her no end of embarrassment.

……Compared to that, he was hoping that she would be more embarrassed about burying her head into a pillow that a man uses. Tatsuya thought worriedly.

“OK, OK. So Erika likes Naotsugu-san.”

“…………”

Erika wasn’t the only one who froze.

Miyuki’s frost bomb instantly turned Tatsuya and Mizuki into ice cubes.

“……No way in hell!”

Erika leaped to her feet and screamed.

Owing to the fact that her face was buried in the pillow as she started to reply, the only words they heard was “in hell”. To be able to respond so swiftly in that situation was certainly worthy of praise.

Miyuki laughed merrily as if a cornered beast had let out a furious, but easily understood, bellow.

And dropped an even more explosive bomb.

“So, Erika. You turned out to have a Brother Complex!”

“Wha……”

Erika gaped at that.

The following explosion far surpassed her critical point.

“I don’t want to hear that from you! You hardcore bro-con girl!”

—As to what happened afterwards, Tatsuya and Mizuki kept that to themselves.




“……Hey, Tatsuya, you’re looking pretty bad, eh? Are you alright?”

“Somehow, you look exhausted……”

When Tatsuya arrived at the audience stands, the first thing he heard was Leo and Mikihiko commenting on him.

“I’m a little tired. It’s nothing really, it’s more emotional exhaustion than mental stress. I’ll be fine if I concentrate during the match.”

Tatsuya waved his hands in a casual manner. On the other side, Miyuki and Erika sat down as if nothing had occurred.

Behind them, Mizuki’s actions were slightly suspicious, but neither Leo nor Mikihiko noticed, since all of their focus was on the upcoming match.

“……Sorry. Looks like we’re letting Tatsuya draw all the fire.”

Mikihiko kindly (intentionally?) misinterpreted this.

“No, that’s hardly the case. Relax, don’t worry about it.”

While the words “that’s hardly the case” meant nothing of the sort, the fact that Tatsuya chose to respond in a dubious manner showed that he also possessed a slightly twisted personality.

“As long as you’re alright. Tatsuya really took it too far last round, so don’t push yourself!”

“I’ll keep that in mind.”

I am not worthy of such a kindhearted friend, Tatsuya thought.

“I’m keeping tabs on that as well, so don’t worry about it.”

He never intended to have such an honest friend worry about him. Hence, Tatsuya made an earnest effort to nod his head in agreement.

Still, once the match began, how grave his face became was no longer important.

Their attention — of course, Tatsuya included — was currently drawn away by the match between Third and Eighth High in the “rocky” setting.

Surpassing all their expectations, the match was a complete landslide.

Actually, it may be more appropriate to describe this as a solo performance.

Following the “Open Field”, the Karst-like “Boulders” had the least amount of obstacles in the setting. While there were large boulders jutting out across the area, their difference in height wasn’t noticeable, nor were there any trees to obstruct vision.

One player moved out of Third High’s field and leisurely paced from between the boulders.

Heedless of any hostile fire, Ichijou Masaki “advanced” while disdaining to rely on any cover.

Nor was Eighth High just standing there helplessly as they continuously unleashed magic on Masaki’s position. Even the attacker who was advancing on Third High’s position from the shadows of the boulders was pouring on the fire.

Even so.

Masaki’s pace faltered not.

The rocky fragments hurtled by Move-Type Magic were thrown away by even stronger Move-Type Magic.

Weight-Type and Oscillation-Type Magic fired at him were nullified by a wide area interference barrier that extended in a one meter radius around him.

As if mocking the “pointless gestures”, Masaki’s pace was slow and leisurely.

“……‘Armor of Interference’, eh. Move-Type Wide Area Interference should be the Juumonji Family’s specialty.”

Leo and Mikihiko were both struck speechless by this overpowering might. On the other hand, Tatsuya was the master of himself as he praised Masaki’s strengths.

“To be able to freely wield this type of magic without breathing raggedly likely requires more than a large capacity within the magic calculation area. Looks like he’s very adept at ‘cyclical breathing’. I guess that should be called innate talent.”

When continuously using the same magic, cyclical breathing referred to the space between when one magic ends and the next one begins. The less overlap between the first and second magic, the less stress was placed on the Magician. Magicians who excelled in shortening the dead time between the two were known as “adept at cyclical breathing”.

Miyuki was also a Magician “adept at cyclical breathing”, but in Tatsuya’s eyes, Masaki possessed a talent that rivaled Miyuki’s.

In face of the unyielding defense, the attacker from Eighth High stopped his assault.

He frantically hid and charged towards Third High’s position.

He gave up on bringing down Masaki and chose to assault the enemy’s monolith in hopes of pulling out a victory from the jaws of defeat.

Alas, his choice was overly reckless.

Probably because it was made in a panic.

With his attention completely in front of him and exposing his defenseless back, how could someone like Masaki let this opportunity simply pass by?

After suffering a point blank explosive shock wave, the attacker from Eighth was flung face first into the dirt.

“Convergence-Systematic ‘Bias Release’. Simply using compression and release would be sufficient…… He’s certainly someone who likes to put on a show.”

“Bias Release, right? I’ve never heard of that magic.”

“That’s because it’s a highly convoluted and inefficient, second rate magic.

For example, it’s like pumping air into one side of a can and sealing it, then opening the other end towards the target. Compared with normal air, that sort of concentrated compressed air would strike with greater force and higher control over the direction of the force, so these are some possible advantages. But if it’s only to increase the output, it would be far better to simply increase the amount of compression. If he wanted to add vectors to the attack, then direct contact with the compressed air would be sufficient.

……No, he’s trying to decrease the power of the blow, hence he used a combination of the two.

Being overpowered is truly a hassle in this circumstance.”

Tatsuya revealed an ironic smirk.

Miyuki gave him a look that said “Isn’t Onii-sama the same way?”, but he pretended to be oblivious.

While Tatsuya was explaining the mechanics, Masaki continued to close in on Eighth High’s position.

Likely arriving at the conclusion that simply waiting was no solution, the two remaining defenders combined their strength to challenge Masaki.

The boulders split apart and rushed towards Masaki.

The Release-Systematic Magic used by the players from Eighth High set off a shower of electrons from the minerals, causing sparks to erupt around Masaki’s feet.

Regardless of the scale of the former or the difficulty level of the latter, both were of the highest caliber magic — which was no exaggeration.

When Tatsuya’s team dueled Eighth High, their victory only appeared easy because they never gave their opponent the chance to put their best foot forward. If it was a head-to-head shootout, the battle undoubtedly would have been a very stiff contest.

However, Masaki easily nullified their full frontal combined assault.

The scattered fragments were flung away by a sphere of reverse vectors centered around Masaki, while the electric discharge was suppressed before it even started.

A block of air hammered into the players from Eighth High.

Upon contact with the released compressed air, the two of them were swiftly and easily incapacitated.

The ending signal sounded immediately.

For the entire duration of the match, Kichijouji and their other teammate stood stock still in Third High’s field and contributed nothing to the overall result.



“He has far exceeded our expectations, this ‘Prince’ of the Ichijou Family……”

Mayumi said to Katsuto as she shifted her gaze away from the screen.

Her usual companion Mari wasn’t present.

Currently, Mari was preoccupied to the point that “whoever disturbed her would rue that day”.

Originally, she should have been confined to bed rest, but Mayumi and the other members of the brass turned a blind eye.

“Somehow I feel that he’s very similar to Juumonji-kun.”

Even if someone said they were similar, this would probably be a hard sentiment for Katsuto to respond to.

As expected, before he was able to reply, Suzune had joined the conversation already.

“That may be intentional. The combat dogma for the Ichijou Family revolves around proactively controlling the initiative through medium to long range bombardment. Today in the rotating preliminaries, he used long distance attacks to annihilate the defenders. I don’t have a real basis for this but…… I think this may be Ichijou-kun throwing down the gauntlet.”

“A challenge?”

At Mayumi tilting her head, Katsuto answered her.

“I’m not certain if he’s conscious of my style, but I think he’s calling out Shiba to ‘trade shots with him if he dares’.”

“Hm…… I can understand that feeling.”

Mayumi’s expression seemed to say: how childish.

Tatsuya’s strengths lay in mobility, analysis, and his ability to surprise.

Compared to his Magic Power, it was his combat ability that was more striking, which the two matches today clearly testified to.

How could Tatsuya be taken in by such blatant baiting, Mayumi thought.

Yet, Katsuto didn’t receive that wordless communication, so he continued onward.

“Shiba will most likely accept that challenge.”

“Eh? Tatsuya-kun?”

“At the original distance, he has no chance of victory. This may be his only opportunity.”



“I don’t believe it, that’s simply……”

In the audience stands far from the main pavilion, of course there was no way for Katsuto’s opinion to reach Tatsuya’s ears. Nonetheless, Katsuto’s point was mirrored in Tatsuya’s mind.

He was also aware that this may be Third High’s, and Kichijouji Shinkurou’s in particular, real intention: to reveal the only way for him to emerge victorious while at the same time forcing a direct confrontation.

The tricky part was, besides accepting their opponent’s invitation, First High didn’t have any other options that had a higher chance for victory.

(Well played, “Cardinal George”……)

“Seriously, what kind of defensive ability is that!”

“In the end, the only thing we caught a glimpse of was Ichijou-kun, which was our mistake. This way, we have no way to plan for our encounter.”

Leo and Mikihiko must have misinterpreted Tatsuya’s comment.

The two of them seemed to be overwhelmed by Masaki’s strength, but at least they were better off than he was. He was in the process of being devoured slowly by this quicksand hell, so they undoubtedly suffered less mental stress than he did.

“In regards to Kichijouji-kun, I have a rough estimate. I have no idea about the third person though.”

“Oh, really?”

Tatsuya proceeded to correct their misinterpretation.

“The ‘Cardinal Code’ that Kichijouji Shinkurou discovered is a fundamental code used in Weight-Type Magic and he appeared in Speed Shooting.

Thus, his favored magic would probably be ‘Invisible Bullet’, which applies increased weight to select points.”

“Cardinal Code?”

“So he’s not altering the target’s Eidos but only applying increased weight to a certain portion, but is that possible?”

“Well…… Looks like this explanation will take some time, is that fine?”

At Tatsuya’s query, Leo hesitated briefly, but Mikihiko immediately nodded.

“Within Magic Sequence research, there is a theory known as the ‘Cardinal Code Hypothesis’.

There is considerable popular support behind this theory. There are the Four Great Systems and Eight Major Types, ‘Speed’, ‘Weight’, ‘Movement’, ‘Oscillation’, ‘Convergence’, ‘Dispersal’, ‘Absorption’, and ‘Release’ as well as their corresponding positive and negative poles for a total of 16 fundamental Magic Sequences. This theory believes that, through the various combinations of these 16 Magic Sequences, any magic from any of the major systems can be created.

Meanwhile, the Magic Sequence that serves as the basic building block is called the ‘Cardinal Code’.

In summation…… It is capable of constructing any and all the Systematic magics. Strictly on this point, the theory is incorrect, but the ‘Cardinal Code’ truly exists.”

“……The theory is incorrect but the code exists?”

“……Sorry, you lost me.”

Faced with Mikihiko and Leo’s responses, Tatsuya waved his hand as if to say “Don’t be hasty”.

“Calm down, let me go over it again slowly.

There is magic within the Four Great Systems that cannot be created by the 16 ‘Cardinal Codes’ no matter what combination you try, hence the Cardinal Code theory is incorrect. Then again, based on its fundamental principles, there does exist a Magic Sequence that is capable of being a building block.

Within modern magic, certain effects will take place after redefining the status of an object after phenomenon rewriting.

While the driving force behind the change has been defined within the Magic Sequence, this driving force would not exist without a definition of what happens after the magic has affected the target.

However, Cardinal Codes are able to create the driving force themselves.

In other words, Cardinal Codes are Magic Sequences that literally define ‘Speed’, ‘Weight’, ‘Movement’, ‘Oscillation’, ‘Convergence’, ‘Dispersal’, ‘Absorption’, and ‘Release’.

Thus, rather than having an overall effect on the Eidos themselves, these act on a single object — and render them possible.

Currently, the only discovered Cardinal Code on record is the one from Weight-Type Magic.

And the one responsible for that discovery is Kichijouji Shinkurou of Third High — ‘Cardinal George’.”

Hearing the last few words, Mikihiko displayed a cowed expression.

“Kichijouji Shinkurou, no wonder I thought that name sounded familiar…… So he’s ‘Cardinal George’!”

Seeing his face, Tatsuya thought: “Damn it.” Regardless, he had already said the words, so there was nothing he could do about it.

“Exactly. So Ichijou-kun isn’t the only one we have to be on guard against. While it is true that talented researchers are not necessarily talented users, so long as he is capable of wielding the ‘Cardinal Code’, he will be a fearsome opponent.”

Magic that relies on the Cardinal Code has no need to define the altered phenomenon that is mandatory in normal magic because the driving force itself has been defined. Under this condition — where force is applied unilaterally, the magic that directly involved Tatsuya in Monolith Code, “Battering Ram”, and “Invisible Bullet” share the same characteristics, but “Battering Ram” required additional force — especially on the point of attack — in order to rewrite the entire phenomenon. Compared to that, “Invisible Bullet” had no need to rewrite the surface that force was applied on — regardless of whether it was a wall, the surface, or even the human body. “Invisible Bullet” was a magic that directly improved the force itself.

Since it was not rewriting the entire Eidos, the Magic Sequence needed to rewrite only the necessary portion is naturally going to be smaller. Because this was not altering the Eidos of the target itself, “Data Fortification” — abilities that defended against rewriting the Eidos — was unable to defend against it.

Smaller Magic Sequences and the ability to influence the Eidos in spite of Data Fortification makes this a powerful advantage for using this type of magic.

“Fortunately, ‘Invisible Bullet’ was hampered by the absolute necessity of visual confirmation. Rather than relying on the Eidos, a direct confirmation of the object was a necessary, but ironic, handicap. Owing to this handicap, cover was a useful defense against the attacks from ‘Invisible Bullet’. While Wide Area Interference is viable, Data Fortification is no defense, so be very careful!”

“Got it. I will be extra careful.”

“Ho…… I still don’t understand one point.”

After Mikihiko nodded in understanding, Leo politely opened his mouth.

“What is it Leo?”

“This doesn’t really have anything to do with the match…… Tatsuya, earlier you said something about ‘there are magics that cannot be constructed by the 16 Cardinal Codes’, right? In other words, Tatsuya knows all 16 of the Cardinal Codes?”

Though his attitude and tone might claim otherwise, Leo was no fool in his own right.

Setting aside general knowledge, he was still highly intelligent.

Tatsuya was well aware of this, but was still caught by surprise by this keen statement.

“……Currently, Kichijouji Shinkurou is the only one who has discovered a Cardinal Code. I only know that there are magics within the Four Major Systems that cannot be created by the Cardinal Code Hypothesis.”

“Onii-sama, isn’t it time to go?”

Leo opened his mouth — he wanted to ask another question but was interrupted by Miyuki.

“You’re right. They’re about to announce the setting for the next match. Let’s return to the pavilion.”

Upon rising, Tatsuya’s figure denied any more follow up questions.




The match against Ninth High was set in a “Valley” setting.

The layout of the arena was an artificial valley shaped like a Japanese “<”. If the water was moving, there would be a difference between being upriver or downriver, hence rather than being referred to as a valley, this was also described as a long “<” shaped lake surrounded by cliffs. No, it wasn’t deep enough to be a lake (the greatest depth was only 50 cm or so), so maybe it should be called a “<” shaped “pond”.

This match was the perfect stage for Mikihiko’s solo performance.

A white fog covered the entire length of the arena.

From the side of the completely blinded audience came a loud shushing noise before all returned to silence.

After all, for the audience to be so affected by the magic competition and the sheer difficulty of maintaining this magic was quite telling on who owned the advantage.

In addition, the First High players were only covered by light fog whereas the players from Ninth High were enshrouded in a dense fog.

Under the effect of the mist, the players from Ninth High had great difficulty approaching the First High monolith.

They repeatedly sought to dispel the mist, but after several half-successful attempts to blow the mist away, the pure white cover swiftly returned to rob them of their sight as if mocking their efforts.

Even if they summoned the wind to blow away the mist, the replacement air was still filled with mist, making this a pointless gesture. Also, any attempt to raise the temperature only prompted the “lake” to evaporate and increase the unpleasantness.

The Ancient Magic responsible for creating this “Barrier” of mist was unrelated to the level of moisture and simply congregated the vapor in the air. Even if the temperature was raised, this would only increase the amount of water vapor and make the mist even thicker. “Barrier” Magic naturally included the “Sealing” concept, so even manipulating the air currents would only cycle the air filled with mist.

Fundamentally, trying to sustain magic on a vague target was one of the weaker areas of modern magic.

In order to use modern magic to dispel this “Magical Mist”, they had to identify the magic that Mikihiko used to create this area — “Barrier”, otherwise no countermeasure would be effective. The new students from Ninth High appeared to be lacking in their knowledge of Ancient Magic.

Besides having a slightly denser cloud of artificial mist hanging over the area, there was nothing that surpassed the laws of nature.

Since there was no paradoxical effect, there were no signs of the magic weakening. Likewise, there was no effect that locked people in place.

The only aspect directly being restricted was visibility and subsequently, mobility.

The attackers from Ninth High advanced along the cliffs with trepidation. Tatsuya took a quick glance before diving into the mist and easily arriving at Ninth High’s position.

The mist intentionally became thinner around his immediate position, which wasn’t a problem to maintain if he was only walking quickly. Then again, even if there was zero visibility, that would pose little problem to Tatsuya anyway.

Here, he didn’t have to worry about the audience watching him, so he could freely use his vision to identify the entities around him.

Looping behind the unsuspecting defender from Ninth High, Tatsuya fired the “key” into the monolith.

Upon hearing the “outer lid” of the monolith falling away, the defender frantically whirled around, but Tatsuya had long since evacuated.

This time, Tatsuya didn’t need to summon the spirits.

Mikihiko was the one controlling the spirit that upheld the barrier of mist. Within this mist, nothing could escape Mikihiko’s “eyes”.

The match between First and Ninth High ended in First High’s victory without a single shot being fired.




The finals would take place after the compensatory round.

Regardless of how long matches lasted, each match for Monolith Code never exceeded 30 minutes. Thus, the finals were comfortably set for 3:30 PM, which was two hours from now.

Tatsuya was in charge of CAD calibration, so he opted to stay in the competition area for the next two hours, but Mikihiko and Leo needed to blow off some steam, so they left the competition area.

—There’s no way he could last if he saw those siblings sticking together like glue again. Maybe that was the reason why……

They arranged to meet up one hour before the match, so how they spent their time until then was their personal choice.

Leo said he wanted to grab a bite from the cafeteria before heading back to his room to rest.

Mikihiko wasn’t as gluttonous, so he elected to visit the tourism room on the highest floor of the hotel.

The hotel was erected near the Fuji Exercise Grounds, so the tourism room had a direct view of Mt. Fuji.

The “Divine Earth Magic” of the Yoshida Family was Ancient Magic that belonged to the Shinto System and more specifically the branch concerned with Earth Deities within the Shinto System (deification of the country).

Mt. Fuji had a special meaning for Magicians who used Ancient Magic from the Shinto system.

The god enshrined at Mt. Fuji was joined with one of the heavenly gods, so Mt. Fuji was worshiped by both heaven and earth denominations.

Even excluding this religious meaning, “Spiritual Mt. Fuji” was a locale that powerful magics revolved around.

Walking out onto the exposed balcony of the tourism room was like bathing in the mountain’s aura. Mikihiko had this in mind as he ascended to the highest level, but there was an unexpected individual waiting for him.

“Ah, Mikihiko-kun, why are you here?”

The one turned to ask him was Erika, who was wearing a straw hat to shade herself from the sun as she placed her elbows on the railing and gazed upward towards Mt. Fuji.

“I came to see Mt. Fuji…… Erika, why are you here alone?”

As Mikihiko said, the tourism room — including the exposed balcony on the highest level — was empty save for Erika’s presence.

No, Mikihiko was here now, so the amount doubled.

This was only natural, considering all the visitors today would naturally be here for the Nine Schools Competition.

Even though it was the break period, the match for Third Place was about to start soon. Besides Mikihiko, who had a special reason for visiting, anyone choosing to visit this tourism room that could only see Mt. Fuji now must have brain damage.

“I probably wanted to be alone for a while.”

Seeing Erika turn her gaze back to the scenery and the loneliness accompanying her face, Mikihiko felt a little flustered.

This was hardly the time to retreat or just stand there, so he had no choice — at least his consciousness told him he “had no choice” — but to sidle along Erika.

“Mikihiko-kun.”

Erika spoke with her gaze still fixated on Japan’s highest mountain.

“Eh, what?”

—Something’s awry.

“Don’t you feel it?”

“Eh?”

“You came to bathe in the aura of the mountain, right? Are you properly soaking it in?”

Though the words were the same, her voice was altogether different.

It was as if her tone was just as usual, but still different at the same time.

Leaning against the railing, Erika’s expression was incredibly earnest, more sincere than any time in the past four months, nay, the last couple years.

The last time he saw this expression was before she cut her hair short, when it was even longer than when she allowed it to grow out last spring. Two years ago, she never loosened her grip on the sword in her hand……

“……Mikihiko-kun?”

“Ah, sorry. Uh, yeah, just as Erika said.”

Mikihiko stammered a reply and finally realized what was wrong.

— Erika was calling him “Mikihiko” —

“I came to soak in the aura.”

“Not that.”

“Eh?”

“I’m not asking that. ……Are you properly feeling the aura around the mountain?”

Stupefied by her oddly intent gaze, Mikihiko braced himself and adjusted his breathing.

He expelled all the air within his lungs and breathed deep.

Maintaining a proper pace was important, but imagination was even more so.

He was taking in and releasing the air in controlled motions.

And he wasn’t breathing in and expelling, but expelling and then breathing.

After taking two or three breaths Mikihiko’s body was suffused with power. This wasn’t like the “crumbs” from psions or pushions, but was something closer to the original oscillations of the waves, also known as a “power” called “prana”.

Mikihiko perfectly absorbed the prana surrounding the peaks. After verifying this with her own eyes, Erika let out a restrained smile that was wholly unlike her.

—A somewhat lonely smile.

“Erika……?”

“See, you still have it in you!”

“……I’m sorry, but I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

This wouldn’t be the first time someone had spouted some abstract comment without sparing a thought towards others, but today, Mikihiko felt that it was more like his fault for not understanding her.

“Mikihiko-kun, have you noticed? Today, you were able to wield magic like before the incident, when you were known as the ‘prodigy of the Yoshida Family’!”

“Eh?”

“No, you’re not the same as before, you have made great strides compared to then. Regardless of whether it was Sense Tuning, the barrier of Mist, the absorption of prana, they have become as natural as breathing for you.”

He didn’t say: how is it possible.

Likewise, Mikihiko didn’t say, why would you say that.

He was well aware what sort of “eye” the “Swordsman of Chiba” Erika possessed.

“Isn’t that wonderful!”

With a sudden “pah” and a slap on the back, Mikihiko nearly staggered.

“In this state, Miki has nothing to fear from Third High! Go get them!”

“My name is Mikihiko!”

Erika suddenly reverted to her usual state and departed without a reply. Mikihiko finally relaxed as he called out his usual response to her retreating back.

Exactly why he did so or what he was concerned about did not cross Mikihiko’s mind.




Tatsuya, who should be stuck with his sister like glue (that was only the wild mass guessing from their teammates), was summoned to the entrance of the grounds shortly after the two departed.

“Ono-sensei, thank you for your hard work.”

Haruka was the one who called him out here.

“Hey, saying thank you for your hard work to an elder…… You’re aware of what you’re saying, right?”

At Tatsuya’s mischievous smirk, Haruka’s shoulders drooped helplessly.

“……I guess that’s what my position has turned into…… A supporting actor whose secrets have been exposed, only to be buried within the ‘ignorant masses’……”

“What are you talking about. You’re spouting nonsense.”

“No worries. I’m a nonsensical woman anyway.”

“……I think it’s about time you returned what I placed in your keeping. I don’t have much time.”

Seeing Tatsuya reach out a hand, Haruka playfully sighed.

Even if she didn’t say it, her expression clearly said: “Can’t you cooperate a little.” Despite this, she understood that time was of the essence, so she obediently handed the electric carrier (carry-on baggage with electric wheels attached to facilitate movement) over to Tatsuya.

“Seriously…… I really wish someone would actually reward me a little. I’m a life counselor, not an errand boy.”

“Our sensei was the one who asked Ono-sensei to do this, not me. Still…… Let me think for a moment. If you’re unhappy with these trivial tasks, allow me to ask you something more in line with your actual job.”

“No, it’s not like I wanted an actual task.”

“It’s tax-free income…… You really don’t want it?”

Haruka’s eyes sparkled with an easily understood wavering.

……Is this sort of kind disposition (and not “personality”) truly suited for intelligence work? Tatsuya watched her in a taunting manner.

He didn’t have to wait very long.

“……I give up. It’s our duty to assist students deviating from the right path. This isn’t the time to say I’m off duty or I haven’t got the time.”

So, she was looking for an excuse to make this easier on herself, Tatsuya thought.

However—

“Alas, that’s not the task I had in mind. I’m referring to your other line of work.”

“……What exactly do you want me to do?”

Haruka was immediately on high alert.

Is it really alright for her to be this transparent? This time, Tatsuya was seriously concerned.

Forget it, even if she messed up by feigning silliness and punished with “this” and “that”, those were not related to him in any way.

“No Head Dragon…… I want to know the current HQ for the Hong Kong International Criminal Organization ‘No Head Dragon’.”

Haruka frantically glanced around them and closed in on Tatsuya as if she was going to hug him.

“How do you know about No Head Dragon!?”

While her tone was agitated, Haruka didn’t forget to lower her volume as she asked him. Still, even if she asked, this wasn’t a question he could answer. Tatsuya’s relationship with Kazama and the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion was still classified. That was a direct order from their aunt, the current head of the Yotsuba Family. Even if he answered with something like “I heard it from somewhere else”, there was no guarantee that some trace of this relationship could not be exposed.

“It’s only natural that I would investigate the culprits intending to do me harm.”

Hence Tatsuya chose this vague answer that could be applied towards anything. Nevertheless, Haruka correctly interpreted this to mean the recent obstructions in the Nine Schools Competition.

“……What devilry are you up to now? ‘Public Safety’ and ‘Internal Affairs’ have both been mobilized for this case. There’s no need for Shiba-kun to act on this!”

Haruka was still whispering. From their posture, any bystander would mistake this for a troublesome relationship.

Miyuki posed no difficulty, so long as Honoka, Shizuku, or any of the others didn’t see them, Tatsuya thought.

“Currently, there are no wheels in motion. Still, if retaliation becomes necessary, but the enemy’s location remains unknown, that would be a little troubling. ……Speaking of which, I think our current proximity may cause some misunderstanding.”

Haruka quickly jerked back.

Maybe this came from an elder’s pride, but she was using a placating smile to cover her internal discomfiture.

It’s about time to seriously advise her to abandon the intelligence work, Tatsuya thought.

……That being said, he never thought of retracting his request.

“……Insurance, is it?”

“That interpretation would be acceptable.”

After carefully examining him, she swiftly nodded.

“……Understood. Give me one day.”

“Impressive! You only need one day?”

This was pure, worry-free praise.

Haruka was someone who wore her heart on her sleeve and could only smile in embarrassment.




As Tatsuya dragged the electric carrier back to the pavilion, the students on duty all gazed at him with interest. Completely ignoring the fact that he was the center of attention, Tatsuya retrieved something from the bag.

“……Wind breakers?”

Mayumi approached Tatsuya with nary a thought and asked as she examined the object in his hands.

“No, these are mantles.”

Tatsuya raised the black fabric and unfurled them.

It was a Western mantle that would extend to the floor even on someone of his height.

“Those too?”

“Those are robes.”

After depositing the black mantle on the table, this time he pulled out a gray fabric. This one was a long robe with a hood attached.

“What…… exactly are you going to do with these?”

There were “?” marks floating all over the pavilion. Only Miyuki could tell at first glance and couldn’t help but burst into laughter.

“That’s for the match. Thankfully, they made it in time.”

“Onii-sama, wouldn’t that be against the rules?”

Setting aside the completely confused Mayumi and the others, Miyuki asked Tatsuya with a degree of seriousness.

“I don’t believe there will be a problem since we handed in the CADs in time. The rule book didn’t say that we are forbidden from wearing uniforms inscribed with magic themselves.”

Hearing his answer to Miyuki, the number of “?” marks on Mayumi’s head increased by one as she asked Tatsuya.

“Magic inscriptions?”

“Correct. This is done by combining the principle of Engraving Magic with the mediums from Ancient Magic. The mantle and robe include enchantments that facilitate the user using magic.”

“Supplementary effects…… There should be no problem if no specific technique was incorporated within……”

Feeling Mayumi’s gaze, Suzune nodded as she replied.

“There is no violation here. Specifically, there isn’t a rule for something that complex.”

“If there is a problem, we can just abandon them. It’s not like we cannot give battle without them.”

Mayumi slightly creased her eyebrows as Tatsuya turned around.

“Hey, Tatsuya-kun.”

Her anxiety far outweighed the unease in her voice.

“Since we’re still in the competition, everyone has kept a lid on the celebratory mood. The moment we advanced to the finals, our victory in the Newcomers Division was already assured. So please, don’t push yourself too much!”

“Understood.”

Even without her saying so, Tatsuya had already largely given up on this match.

—Because at this time, we haven’t……



After leaving the examination of the mantles and robes to Isori (the Isori Family were renowned for their expertise in Engraving Magic, not that Isori himself hid his personal interest either), Tatsuya left the pavilion to relax himself.

When he was appointed as one of the substitutes, the mission he received from Mayumi was to clinch First High’s victory in the Newcomers Division.

The moment they advanced to the finals of Monolith Code — in other words, right now, Tatsuya had already accomplished his objective.

He was carefully warming up to prevent injury during the match.

Bruises or scratches were meaningless to him, but if there was a major fracture or artery being severed, he had to take precautions against his classified abilities automatically activating.

Even if he could voluntarily halt the process, whether he could do so in time was another story. His personal restoration ability would immediately complete the repair processes in the blink of an eye.

The Nine Schools Competition was being recorded. Even if no one could consciously catch the instant this occurred, future playbacks could still capture the moment.

As if reminding himself all over again, he continued to work through his exercises. During this, Miyuki also left the pavilion, but seeing as she wasn’t on urgent business, Tatsuya allowed himself to finish his calisthenics.

“Onii-sama, please take this towel.”

She handed him a sublimely wet and cold towel.

Miyuki had been standing for a considerable amount of time in the blazing summer heat, yet the towel felt as if it was freshly removed from the icebox…… Upon learning that this was her area of expertise, this fact was no longer surprising.

By paying attention to all the minute details, she was certainly a sister who pampered him, Tatsuya thought.

In normal circumstances, hordes of men would undoubtedly pursue her at the cost of their lives.

No, even in the present, his sister was still probably capable of sending men to their doom with a word. Even setting himself aside, though he would probably be the first man into the breach, Tatsuya felt a slight chill as he considered his sister’s future.

“Onii-sama, is there something on my face?”

Even though she didn’t seriously believe that something was on her face, Miyuki had no other way of interrogating her brother who was watching her with an indecipherable expression.

—Tatsuya didn’t answer. Answering would only muddy the issue.

“Onii-sama……”

At Tatsuya muddling through the question, Miyuki didn’t press onward.

“……It’s almost time for the finals. Our next opponent will be a difficult one……”

“……Indeed.”

Bluffing was irrelevant at this point.

Even if this wasn’t a competition and live battle instead, with both sides going all out without restrains, Tatsuya had no confidence that he could “triumph” over the two of them at the same time, nay even if he was against Ichijou Masaki alone.

“Under a state of restricted power and ability …… for one who belongs to the side that restricts such as myself, to go and say such a thing is illogical, and may arouse your displeasure, but……”

Miyuki hesitated briefly as she slowly drooped her head, losing her nerve to speak each time.

Then, she resolutely raised her head and shyly declared.

“……Even so, I have faith that Onii-sama will not lose to anyone!”

Without waiting for Tatsuya’s reply, she turned back to the pavilion with the lightness of a sparrow. Watching his sister’s departing figure, Tatsuya stood there for some time.

(Seriously, as you will……)

As Miyuki herself said, she was one of the key cogs within the system that limited Tatsuya’s abilities.

One of the key reasons behind why he was unable to use his true strength to display his indomitable might was undoubtedly Miyuki.

That being said, Tatsuya didn’t believe — that Miyuki was so willful.

Faith that he would not lose to anyone was the hope of she who wished of him to remain unbeatable.

Tatsuya’s intellect was not mature enough to completely understand the subtleties behind this.

Yet, Tatsuya could understand these feelings.

Maybe he should say he was able to understand it only because Miyuki was the one who made the wish of him.

This was not someone giving orders or instructions, but a mental characteristic that was naturally expressing itself.

As you will, referred to exactly that.

Defeat was no longer an option in the next match.

But as the saying goes, easier said than done.

No matter how he calculated the matter, the odds were stacked against him. Tatsuya couldn’t help but sigh at this.




After the end of the consolation game, the setting for the final match was announced to be the “Open Field”.

Hearing this, both sides had equally illuminating reactions.

In Third High’s pavilion, there were even cheers of victory.

“You called it, George.”

“We got lucky, Masaki.”

While they managed to rein in their reactions to the news, the two of them failed to hide their elated smiles.

“Now it comes down to whether that guy takes the bait……”

“He will. On the open fields with no cover whatsoever, he has no other options aside from throwing down in a one-on-one shootout.”

“He’ll try to break through there because that guy has ‘Gram Demolition’ as a trump card, eh……”

“Precisely, Masaki.

While his tactics smack of ambushes and surprise, in reality everything is founded on a complex series of calculations.

If he knows that there are no direct countermeasures, he may still choose the road less traveled and elect to spring out a surprise attack.

However, since he can still use ‘Gram Demolition’ as a direct counter, logically, he would choose the avenue of attack that has the highest chance of success.”

“While you will suppress the defender and the guerrilla.”

“The defender isn’t the problem. His Fortifying Magic seems legit, but there’s nothing else to write home about.

The guerrilla player…… Seems to specialize in Ancient Magic. Based on his name, he’s most likely a Magician from the ‘Yoshida Family’. The fact that he remains a complete mystery does give one pause, but when compared to Ancient Magic, modern magic owns the decisive edge in speed. Without any cover on the open plains, this is definitely in our advantage.”

“Furthermore, you still have an ace in the hole with the ‘Cardinal Code’.”

“Unfortunately, our opponents seized the Newcomers Division crown from us…… But at the very least, Monolith Code will belong to us!”

“Exactly, leave it to me!”

Hearing Kichijouji’s words, Masaki nodded boldly.



“The ‘Open Plains’ without a hint of cover…… This will be a harsh battle, Onii-sama.”

Miyuki’s words exemplified the thoughts running through everyone who came to cheer them on.

“No, it’s far better than the valley or urban settings. We would never stop if we started grousing.”

His words not only bewildered Miyuki, even his teammates — Leo and Mikihiko turned around in confusion, prompting Tatsuya to launch into another explanation.

“The Ichijou Family’s ‘Rupture’ is a technique that transforms liquids into gas, using the expanding force to wreak havoc.

For members of the Ichijou Family, using water vapor to initiate explosive attacks is the simplest of tricks.

For Ichijou-kun, the valley arena is synonymous to preparing a gigantic keg of explosives for him. Likewise, an urban setting would be filled with water pipes.

On the other hand, the open plains have no fluids that can be turned into ‘explosives’. Even the ‘Prince’ himself wouldn’t be able to call up water from underground to create explosions.

Of course, the woodlands or rocky areas would be more preferable…… But we should be thankful that it wasn’t the valley, which would be the bleakest condition for us.”

While the Year 1 students all wore a “So that’s how it is” expression, the upperclassmen still wore grim faces.

“……Still, you’re still forced to fight on an open field with no cover against a Magician who specializes in bombardment, so this disadvantage remains.”

“Shiba, do you have a plan?”

After Mayumi’s question, Hattori also spoke up.

Hattori actively striking up a conversation with Tatsuya was an incredibly rare event.

Similarly, Tatsuya wasn’t able to completely hide his shock at this turnout, hence his response was half a beat slow.

“If they insist on using their original tactics, honestly I don’t see how we can turn that around…… However, Ichijou-kun seems to be particularly fixated on my presence. If I can get into close combat range, then I have a few options.”

“Isn’t close quarters combat forbidden?”

“I’m in the clear so long as I don’t touch him. I have a few tricks up my sleeve.”

At Kirihara’s question, Tatsuya smiled without much confidence.




The finals for the Newcomers Division Monolith Code.

While it could be said that the arrival of the players drew a huge clamor from the audience, it would be more in line with the truth to say that confused squabbling reigned supreme among the audience.

Exposed beneath a myriad of curious stares, Mikihiko adjusted his hood and pulled it down even tighter.

On the other side, Leo wasn’t wearing a hood as he tried his hardest to duck his face and use the robe’s collar to cover himself.

“Well…… So our getup is hilarious after all.”

“The usage is just how I explained.”

The abrupt answer was like the final nail on the coffin, clearly signifying “Resistance is futile”.

“……Why us……”

Mikihiko bemoaned this fact to the only person not wearing the mantle and robe — Tatsuya.

“As the vanguard, there’s no point in wearing anything that would obstruct physical movement.”

Regardless, Mikihiko’s objection was easily turned aside by combat practicality.

“That scoundrel…… She must be laughing herself silly now……”

Leo didn’t clarify exactly “who” he was talking about, but for the two other people present, nothing else needed to be said.



“Ahahahahahah…… My, my sides are killing me~. What is that, WHAT is THAT! Ahahahahaha……”

Just as the three of them surmised, Erika was roaring in laughter in the stands.

“Erika-chan, please stop……”

After Mizuki tried several times to bashfully persuade her, Erika’s laughter finally dropped to a level that was more normal.

“……Ah~, I’m dying. No wonder everyone’s eyes are drawn to the things that Tatsuya-kun thinks up.”

“……I think Erika’s the one who’s being watched right now.”

Next to Erika, Mizuki shyly hunkered down.

“Sorry, sorry. I just couldn’t help myself there. I promise to stop messing around now, so cheer up, OK Mizuki?”

“Seriously…… Please do!”

After she could feel the gazes (she didn’t have the courage to visually verify this) around her stabbing towards her turn back to the arena, Mizuki finally raised her head.

“But, what exactly is that?”

Since there were no obstructions on the open plains, the audience could directly view the entire arena. Even so, the distance was still far enough that details were hard to make out, so everyone was watching the large screens for details on the players’ expressions, just like in the other competitions.





Erika was watching the images on the main screen that depicted Mikihiko and Leo standing in First High’s territory.

After watching for a few more seconds, she shook her head as if to say “might as well raise both arms now”.

“Nope. I still can’t tell what they’re trying to do. Since this is Tatsuya-kun after all, I’m sure he’s not just doing this for show.”

“……Lots of ‘spirits’ are gathering on Yoshida-kun’s robes……”

“Huh?”

An unexpected response answered her murmuring. Erika turned to one side and sucked in a breath as she saw Mizuki remove her glasses and an incredible light dancing in her eyes.

While a minority in the audience believed that Leo and Mikihiko’s garb was out of date or from the wrong century, very few people laughed outright in derision. The thought that dominated the minds in the audience was what were the “robes” and “mantles” being used for.

Still, for their opponents, they couldn’t just use the word “curiosity” to wave it off.

“Are they just doing this for show?”

Hearing their teammate’s speculation, Masaki and Kichijouji both shook their heads.

“That guy knows George’s background…… Is this his solution to ‘Invisible Bullet’?”

“It’s true that my magic doesn’t have much in terms of penetrating power…… Still, it’s not so simple that a mere piece of cloth can stand against it, so it’s hard to believe that he would rely on such an amateurish countermeasure.”

“Or this is done to make us think there is some strategy at work here?”

“That possibility is not altogether zero, yet……”

Masaki’s words became vague.

“……I don’t understand. Was he saving this all this time for this moment……”

Kichijouji bit his lip. It was precisely because he prided himself on his intellect that he was particularly frustrated.

“We advance recklessly, but forcing ourselves to contemplate something that cannot be discovered now is pointless. There is always some degree of risk when using force to win.”

In order to cut through Kichijouji’s befuddlement, Masaki spoke up in a forcible tone.

Despite this, Masaki himself wasn’t immune to this perplexity.

What aroused curiosity from the audience was nothing short of a source of great wariness to the enemy.



The players and auxiliaries were oblivious to this, but there was another reason behind the ruckus.

The reason came from the observation deck near the board chairman’s room.

A completely unforeseen visitor had arrived.

“Kudou-sensei! Why are you here?”

Elder Kudou, who usually watched the matches from the screens in the VIP lounge near the main headquarters, had personally come to the visitors’ observation deck.

“Even I like to occasionally come here for a look.”

Kudou Retsu nodded generously to the board members that all stood to welcome him and sat in the leather chair that was hastily prepared for him.

“Of course, it is our honor to host you here, but……”

But, why now? In face of this silent query, Elder Kudou frankly replied.

“It’s nothing really. I just noticed a rather interesting young man.”

The moment before the match begins was undoubtedly the time when a player was at their most nervous. No matter how confident they were or how great their odds were all things became questionable at this time. This was no playoff that was the best of a series, this was single elimination where everything came down to the line in one match, so it was only natural to be uneasy at being uncertain of their opponent’s strength.

That being said, their nervousness vanished the moment the starting signal sounded.

Once the battle was initiated, there was no room for further doubt.



Once the signal was lit, both sides began bombarding one another.

They were using long range magic attacks.

The audience was overjoyed at this result; whereas, the supporters in First High’s stands were shocked into silence.

There were approximately 600 meters between the two fields.

The distance was shorter than the woodlands or valley settings, but in terms of range for firearms, this was still a stretch for the effective firing range of assault weapons. This was the range for sniper rifles.

At the same time, both sides were firing at one another with CADs shaped like automatics as they steadily approached one another step by step.

Tatsuya was dual-wielding twin pistols just as he was during the preliminary and semifinal rounds.

On the other side, Masaki had swapped out the Generalized CAD he used during the semifinals for a Specialized CAD.

While the CAD in Tatsuya’s right hand was responsible for intercepting enemy attacks, the CAD in his left was retaliating. Realizing this, Masaki abandoned his defense and concentrated on attacking.

The ensuing result was,

The originally disparate gulf in firepower widened even further.

Compared to Masaki’s “shots” that possessed the power to decisively end the engagement, Tatsuya’s “shots” could do nothing aside from trying to tie up his opponent.

However, his attacks were not telling. This level of Oscillation-Type Magic was too weak to rate actual defense, as a Magician’s unconscious Data Fortification would protect themselves.

The number of attacks was also overwhelmingly inferior.

Despite having many tricks up his sleeve, Tatsuya was undoubtedly weaker in terms of pure technical skills. Yet, not only was he exposing himself to his opponent’s attacks, he was accurately shooting down each of the incoming attacks at a distance that the naked eye could barely ascertain. Just this point alone was awe inspiring.

“Such courage!”

A nameless Year 3 male student quietly gasped.

“Is he really a Course 2 student?”

A female player asked one of her teammates.

The upperclassmen were expressing their surprise not because of the strength of his magic, but because he maintained his mental concentration despite suffering severe bombardment from his opponent.

Yet — Mayumi, Katsuto, Suzune, Azusa, Hattori…… Each of them wore grim faces.

Right now, both sides were still feeling each other out, but every step Tatsuya took forward put him more and more on the defensive and subsequently, he was retaliating less and less. This point was blatantly obvious to all of them.



Compared to the players and members of First High, Kichijouji felt an altogether different shock in Third High’s territory.

Tatsuya was currently using Oscillation-Type Magic.

Yet, in the three matches leading up to this moment, Tatsuya was using Nonsystematic and Weight-Type Magic.

(He managed to alter the design of his Activation Sequence in a mere two hours……?)

Kichijouji shook his head to dispel the cobwebs.

No matter how skilled his CAD calibration skills were, the calibration process had no bearing on the match itself.

What determined the outcome was only how he chose to wield the result of his calibrations.

This was not the time to appreciate his calibration speed. That was the “perplexity” that may lead to an accident in battle—

“Proceed as we discussed, I’m heading out!”

“Understood, leave the rear to me!”

He hadn’t even noticed his hubris towards the enemy team before his eyes. Kichijouji looped around Masaki’s rear and charged towards First High’s territory.



Since Kichijouji charged out of allied territory, the match had entered a new phase. Nonetheless, the audience’s attention was largely still focused on Tatsuya and Masaki’s ongoing struggle.

To be able to endlessly release powerful magic, Masaki’s talent was truly worthy of praise.

Regardless, Tatsuya’s “Gram Demolition” that unerringly struck down Masaki’s magic was even more moving.

Few members of the audience were aware of high level Counter Magic like “Gram Demolition”. “Gram Demolition” demanded an excessive psion count, so even researchers specializing in the field had few opportunities to catch a glimpse of this magic.

Even without knowledge on the subject, the large screen that displayed the psion movements clearly showed the scene of brilliant psion shells striking, shattering, and then erasing the Compression-Type Magic Sequences.

This was a glorious, dreamlike image that set one’s heart aflame.

Magicians who could perceive the psions and the spectators who possessed latent magic talent had no need for the large screen and could only bow before the psions wildly dancing in a storm of magic before their eyes.

Unbound by reason or logic, they were held spellbound by this spectacular air show.



Presently, Tatsuya focused all his attention on shutting down each of Masaki’s attacks.

Even so, he still took note of Kichijouji emerging from Third High’s position.

Like a chain reaction — in reality this was a direct result of seeing Kichijouji’s advance, Tatsuya’s hitherto steady pace accelerated to a run.

Masaki didn’t panic in the slightest at Tatsuya’s change of pace and calmly launched Compression-Type Magic at Tatsuya.

His run failed to adopt any evasive maneuvers.

It’s not like his opponent was using his eyes to aim, so that degree of evasion was meaningless.

As he ran forward, Tatsuya concentrated on the mass of energy formed to alter the Eidos in the air and sent a bullet made of psions — “Gram Demolition” straight into the mass, shattering Masaki’s magic before it could materialize.

Nonetheless — with the distance between them drawing ever closer, aiming was more simplistic. While physical distance was not a direct factor, the closer the physical target was, the easier it became to perceive its proximity and existence.

Especially when aiming air-like objects that are not usually visible. The closer the target was, the easier it became to take aim.

Of course, in this situation, the only target at hand was Tatsuya himself.

Fifty meters from Masaki, Tatsuya ground to a halt and was unable to completely nullify Masaki’s attacks.

The compressed air that Tatsuya failed to bring down came crashing towards Tatsuya.

Tatsuya relied on his five senses to detect their trajectory and deftly used his physical techniques to avoid them as he continued to advance towards Masaki.