c7003 test

When they saw those enemies, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were stunned for a moment. Then the cavalry immediately lined up and rushed towards the enemies. There were only ten thousand of them, and the enemies didn't know how many there were. They seemed to be several. An ant looks so small as if it is charging towards an endless river.

The infantry of the Blood Killing Sect also set up their formation immediately and began to slowly advance towards the shield army. Naturally, the shield army also discovered the Blood Killing Sect's team, and they immediately stopped. When they came down, those who were facing the Blood Killing Sect's army had already set up their formations, preparing to receive the attack from the Blood Killing Sect's disciples.

The cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect are getting faster and faster. They all hold lances that are more than one foot long in their hands. The lances are made of metal. The head of the lance alone is more than two feet long. They hold the lances flat, They rushed directly towards the enemy, closer, closer, and finally, their spears directly pierced the enemy's shield.

With a splash, a shield was pierced directly, and the enemy was also pierced with the spear. However, the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect did not stop, and still rushed forward, piercing the second one. The enemy, the two enemies were just hanging on his spear, but the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect suddenly pulled the spear back, and directly pulled the spear out of the enemy's body, and then turned the spear , using the gun as a stick, he whipped several enemies nearby and flew away.

Then he hung the spear next to the saddle, then pulled out the scimitar, and then rushed forward. The scimitar passed by, and the heads rolled down. All the enemies in front of him were knocked away by the alien, but The enemies who were knocked away actually got up again, as if nothing had happened.

At this time, the commander of the cavalry loudly shouted: "Retreat and attack with bows and arrows." He knew very well that their number was too small, and it was impossible for them to cause much damage to the enemy with just such a small number of people. , in fact, they came to attack this time just to see what kind of attack they can use to attack the enemy. Now that their goal has been achieved, they naturally have to retreat. Otherwise, if they charge too far in, they will be killed by the enemy. If you surround them, that won't be good.

Moreover, he also noticed that the enemy had now given up several passages, and the elephant soldiers had already rushed towards them. Looking at the height of those giant elephants, they knew that the fighting power of those giant elephants was very powerful. If it was really If they were to hedge against those giant elephants, they might not be able to get any advantage at all.

The person leading the troops this time was still Sun Buyu. The reason why he asked everyone to retreat was that he was afraid of being surrounded by the enemy, the second was that he was afraid of the elephant soldiers, and the third was because he discovered the defense of these shield soldiers. The force is very strong. Although it seems that they are killing everyone here, their speed has slowed down. If they continue to attack, they may really be surrounded by the enemy here. Naturally, they I can’t do this anymore, so I naturally have to quit.

The people who came with him immediately retreated. The alien's flexibility was very good. They turned around and rushed out. In the blink of an eye, they had rushed out of the army of rattan soldiers. As soon as they arrived outside the army, they immediately took out their bows and arrows, but the arrows they used were not long arrows transformed from their bodies, but ordinary metal long arrows. These long arrows are very simple to make. They all brought a lot of them, just for this situation, because after these long arrows are shot out, it is difficult to take them back. They cannot let the Foli metal fall into the hands of the enemy. inside.

Attacking with long arrows is just to see if the enemy will be attacked with long arrows, because judging from the situation of these enemies, they should also be a kind of curse, and what they are going to do now is actually It is to find a way to break this curse. In fact, they have almost found it now. The cavalry attack can attack the enemy. That means that this method can break the curse, but they still want to See if the long arrow can also attack the enemy.

After a burst of arrows, some enemies had long arrows stuck in their bodies, but they were not dead. They were still moving forward step by step. The speed was not very fast. Of course, some people were shot to death, but the number was not A lot. When he saw this situation, Sun Buyu couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, because this meant that the enemy could also be attacked with long arrows.

Thinking of this, he put away his bow and said loudly: "Energy weapon, attack." Everyone responded, and then they turned their hands, and the long bow turned into something like a staff, and then a series of The energy beams shot straight at the enemy, but these energy beams directly penetrated the enemy's body without causing any damage to the enemy. At the same time, Sun Buyu received an alarm and they were attacked by a curse. However, this curse attack was blocked by their armor. Even if a little bit of it entered their bodies, it was directly absorbed by the Yin and Yang Lei Pond.

Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, and then he understood immediately. He immediately said loudly: "Don't attack with energy weapons. We can retreat. Go to the back to cover the infantry and see how their attack is going." Everyone responded. , followed him and retreated a distance, then stopped.

At this time, the infantry team also advanced to about 300 meters in front of the enemy's army. A voice came from the infantry team: "Prepare the arrows, release them." Following their voice, overwhelming arrows were directed towards the enemy. After shooting, a large number of enemies were shot down directly. Of course, there were also enemies with arrows stuck in their bodies, but they did not fall down.

When they saw this situation, the infantry team couldn't help but relax. Then they continued to move forward, firing arrows at the same time. Their power was very powerful. Naturally, it didn't take much effort to use this kind of mechanical missile. So they can launch continuously, and the launch distance is still very far.

Their slave is a bit like Zhuge slave. He has an arrow box on top. Each arrow box can hold five arrows, and their five arrows are not separated from their external incarnations. The arrows that came out were all iron arrows that had been placed in the quiver in advance, but they were also very powerful.

After shooting the five arrows, they had already rushed in front of the enemy. The spearmen were ready, and the sword and shield soldiers were also ready. The two sides began to fight head-on. The spears lined up in a row, and kept firing at The opponent stabbed them, and they used the shields in their hands to block them. Unexpectedly, their shields had very strong defense. Although they were shields, they really blocked their spears and at the same time bullied them. , preparing to attack them with a long knife.

The spearmen in the second row used their spears to hold back the rattan soldiers to prevent them from getting close. The spearmen in the first row began to stab the enemy diagonally. This time, their spears stabbed the enemy diagonally. He stabbed the enemy to death on the spot, and the two sides began a life-and-death fight at close range.

Sun Buyu has been paying attention to the situation on the battlefield. Although the formation of the Blood Killing Sect has not deformed, there are too many enemies. They have begun to prepare to surround the infantry team of the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, Sun Buyu will not let it go. This happened, so he immediately shouted loudly: "Cavalry, charge, separate our people from the enemy, charge." Following his voice, everyone else also shouted, and then charged forward. go.

They rushed in front of both sides and dispersed the enemies. Then Sun Buyu immediately shouted loudly: "The mission is accomplished, retreat." After saying that, he led the cavalry team and retreated, and the infantry team also changed from the front team. The rear team immediately turned around and ran away, very fast, and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

As soon as those Tengpai soldiers saw the Blood Killer Sect's people running away, they did not chase them. Instead, they organized their formation and continued to advance slowly. Their speed was still the same, but they never stopped. I believe that with this At such a speed, it won't take long for them to advance to the Blood Killing Sect's territory.

This situation was all seen by Zhao Hai and the others. Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It's really good that I didn't meet this kid. He came back like this, but their mission has indeed been completed. Haha, not bad, very good Not bad." Zhao Hai was very satisfied with Sun Buyu's performance, so he said this.

Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "Yes, they have completed their mission well. It seems that the enemy is not afraid of energy weapons. Energy weapons cannot attack them at all. Only direct attacks with weapons will be effective. I just don't know." , is it effective to attack them with weapons like the Blood Killing Battle Castle?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "You will know after you give it a try. Send a Blood Killing Battle Castle over to see if it can attack the opponent. Speaking of which, the Blood Killing Battle Castle is really unfair. Let's restrain him." After making it, it has never been of much use. Although his combat power is very amazing, he encountered these curses and he couldn't use them no matter how powerful he was."

Everyone smiled slightly, Wen Wenhai immediately went to make arrangements, and then a bloody battle fort immediately attacked the enemy. When he was about to approach the enemy, he first attacked with a burst of sky-wide fire, and found that there was nothing. Used, and then immediately used the Blood Killing Battle Fort to collide, but it was of no use. Even the tentacle attack under the Blood Killing Battle Fort was useless. As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he immediately asked the Blood Killing Battle Fort to retreat. After returning, it was obvious that the attack from the Blood Killing Fort was of no use.

After letting the Blood Killing Battle Fort retreat, Zhao Hai then said: "What do you think? Judging from the enemy's performance now, we can only use infantry or cavalry to attack the enemy. Other methods are like It's all useless." Everyone nodded, and it was indeed the case. Except for infantry and cavalry, other attacks seemed to be of no use to the enemy. This situation was indeed a bit troublesome.

Yao Jianhao suddenly said: "Sect Master, I don't think this is a problem. My Blood Killing Sect can fight more than 60 billion disciples, and they have all been trained. We can definitely fight the enemy head-on. I won't I believe that we will be no match for the enemy. As for the enemy's elephant soldiers, they are nothing. Don't we also have giant monsters? Just let them fight."