c7006 Win!

After three rounds of attacks, the Tengpai soldiers were almost in front of the Blood Killing Sect army. At this time, the Mo Dao soldiers were also ready. They did not mention the Mo Dao in their hands. The long sword shaft was still dragging on the ground, but the Mo Dao soldier was already ready, and he began to wave the Mo Dao in his hand.

This is actually how the Mo Dao is made. Because the blade is very long and the head is very heavy, they cannot lift the Mo Dao and swing it. The Mo Dao has to drag the pole to the ground and hold the pole with its hand. In the middle, he stood there and waved. Although doing so would greatly restrict Mo Dao's movements, and he could only swing back and forth a few times, but his power should not be underestimated. With this sword strike, Those shield soldiers, regardless of whether they used shields to block them or not, would be split in half by Mo Dao, including those with shields.

And these Mo Dao soldiers were wearing heavy armor. This kind of heavy armor had no gaps. They moved forward in groups, advancing like mountains, and all the enemies in front of them would be chopped into pieces by them. Behind each row of them, there will be a row of pikemen. These pikemen will extend their spears from the gap between them to attack all enemies who want to get close to them and attack them.

Behind the spearmen are the sword and shield soldiers. They hold swords and shields in their hands, ready to attack anyone who rushes into their formation. And behind the sword and shield soldiers are the soldiers who have swords and shields in their hands. They were not idle, and they shot out arrows one after another. Apart from the arrows, these people only had a knife as their weapon, but their knife was only less than three feet long, which was a little It's like the Xiuchun Sword, but generally enemies can't get close to them. As long as the enemy doesn't get close to them, they won't use this sword.

It can be said that the current formation of the Blood Killing Sect is still very good, especially the use of Mo Dao soldiers, which is completely beyond the enemy's expectations. No one of the enemies expected that the Blood Killing Sect would have such a unit. Their shield soldiers, They couldn't stop the Mo Dao soldiers at all, and their weapons couldn't cut down the Mo Dao soldiers. It could be said that they were in a position where they could only take beatings but couldn't defeat the enemy.

However, their numbers were also very large, and they still withstood the Blood Killing Sect's attack. In the end, the two sides were completely entangled, and no one retreated. The other side's elephant soldiers also dispatched at this time, and they roared Running forward, trying to break through the blood-killing sect's formation.

The giant beasts in the Blood Killing Sect's formation had been waiting for this moment for a long time. They also rushed out from the Blood Killing Sect's formation and rushed towards the elephant soldiers. The two giant beasts approached quickly, and soon They bumped into each other, and everyone on both sides was far away from them, so they were trampled to death.

The bed slaves and catapults of the Blood Killing Sect also began to attack. Their bed slaves shot out large spear-like arrows. As long as these big arrows hit the enemy, they will be directly nailed to death. On the ground, and the range was further, even some elephant soldiers were directly shot to death by these big arrows.

As for the catapult's attack, it directly put the kind of pyrotechnics used by Zhao Hai. The person operating the catapult put the pyrotechnics into the big iron spoon of the catapult, and then lit it. The fire oil fruit immediately turned into a fireball. Then they pulled the rope and used the lever force, and the fireball was thrown out and fell directly into the enemy's formation. As long as the fireball stuck to the enemy's vines, A, the enemy will be on fire immediately, and the effect of the attack is surprisingly good.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help being stunned, but then his eyes lit up and he murmured: "I didn't expect it to be true. This kind of vine armor is really afraid of fire. That's right. I heard this The rattan beetles are soaked in oil, dried in the sun, and then soaked in oil and dried in the sun several times before they are made. Naturally, they are afraid of fire.

And the fire oil fruit is not called for nothing. After burning for a while, it will explode directly, and the fire oil will splash everywhere. As long as it is the vine armor that is stuck to his fire oil, it will be directly burned to death. The vine armor soldiers were in a bit of chaos, because the vine armor soldiers who had been burned before were running around in panic, which caused more vine armor soldiers to be ignited. It can be said that the attack of these fireballs had a huge impact on the rattan armor soldiers. Very huge.

As soon as they saw this situation, the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect naturally would not miss this opportunity and began to charge directly. Rows of cavalry rushed out and attacked the rattan soldiers, and those rattan soldiers They were already in a bit of chaos now, and now with the impact of the Xuesha Sect's cavalry, they were even more chaotic.

When everyone in the Blood Killing Sect saw this situation, they all relaxed. Then they were overjoyed immediately, and then the attack began. This attack was mainly spearmen, because although the Mo Dao soldiers had amazing lethality , but because they are wearing heavy armor, they naturally cannot move as fast as the pikemen.

Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all monks, heavy armor has a great influence on them. If the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool is allowed to provide energy to the heavy armor, the heavy armor will actually help them deal with the enemy, but now they don't They dare to do this because they are afraid that once they do this, they will not be able to attack the Tengpai soldiers. In this way, the heavy armor will naturally affect them, and they can only watch others attack the enemy. charge.

In this charge, even the archery soldiers rushed forward. They immediately put their swords behind their backs, drew out their sabers, and charged forward. They didn’t care about the formation now. Everyone knew that as long as they dispersed, If they defeated the opponent's formation, they would win, so they all rushed forward. Some even rushed directly in the direction of the cavalry attack, without giving the enemy a chance to regroup.

Not only the cavalry, but even the other behemoth clans from the Blood Killing Sect all started to charge. Their impact was even stronger than those of the cavalry. They did not need to bite the enemy. There was no need for them. All they need to do is charge, and as long as they keep charging forward, they can cause huge damage to the enemy.

Zhao Hai stood on the back of Xuanwu Island, watching the battle in front of him. He saw that the enemy's formation was completely scattered, and then he took a deep breath, and then laughed and said: "Okay, great , dispersed the enemy, this time we won, and the enemy should have no chance of comeback."

Wen Wenhai and the others all had smiles on their faces. They were really happy. In fact, they were a little worried when they saw so many troops coming towards them, but they didn't expect that in a head-on battle, they would only fight them. Just defeated the enemy, this is really amazing.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation on the battlefield, thought for a while, and said in a deep voice: "The enemy is composed of curses after all. Although we don't know when the curse will be broken, we have defeated them now. I believe that the curse will not take long. The Changshi Realm will be broken, and by that time, our territory will probably expand again. Wenhai is drawing out some disciples to make preparations. As soon as the curse is broken, we will immediately build up our expanded territory. .”

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately went to prepare, but Zhao Hai kept staring at the battlefield. He was really afraid that the enemy would come up with another trick. If that happened, they might suffer, so He would never dare to leave now. He had to wait until the curse was completely broken before it could be considered complete.

Zhao Hai did not expect that he would have to wait for several days. In the past few days, the two sides had been fighting on the huge battlefield in front of them without stopping for a moment. The Blood Killing Sect had increased its troops several times, keeping the enemy under pressure. Fighting, and finally when the enemy suffered more than half of their casualties, the curse was finally broken, so the enemy disappeared in an instant. This made the sound of the battle that was not killing at the last moment suddenly arranged, and some blood-killing sects The disciples still raised their weapons and were about to attack the enemy, but the enemy disappeared in an instant, which made them unable to recover for a while.

After a while, the thundering cheers came. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt extremely happy because they finally won the battle. To be honest, many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had never fought like this before. It was a tough battle, but they never imagined that the enemy would not be defeated by them until now.

Zhao Hai looked at the cheering Blood Slaughter Sect disciples with a smile on his face, turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Remove them, let others move forward, and arrange the expanded territory in the shortest possible time. ." Wen Wenhai responded and immediately went to make arrangements. Those Blood Killing Sect disciples who were cheering were ordered to retreat to the Xuanwu Space to rest, while other Blood Killing Sect disciples who had been prepared for a long time immediately left. He began to rush forward and began to set up a magic circle on the battlefield.

Then came the finishing work. After Wen Wenhai and the others made arrangements, Zhao Hai called everyone to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect. After everyone sat down in the main hall, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said : "This battle is our most difficult battle. We did not expect that the enemy would be so resilient. Although we defeated the enemy, judging from the enemy's current performance, we may encounter more enemies in the future. Qiang, this is definitely not good news for us, so everyone must be mentally prepared."

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone nodded. They did not expect that this battle would last so long, and they even had to increase their troops several times. Even so, they still suffered a lot of losses, although Although their armor's defense was not low, many disciples still lost their lives.

What surprised the people of the Blood Killing Sect was that the disciples who lost their lives could not immediately become the undead clan on the battlefield. They waited until the power of the curse completely disappeared before they became the undead clan and were resurrected. In other words, the power of the other party's curse affected the resurrection of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This is really surprising.

Zhao Hai was also a little surprised. He did not expect that the power of the other party's curse would affect the resurrection of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, in any case, it was good news that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not completely killed directly. But the strength of the opponent's curse really surprised Zhao Hai, and at the same time, it also gave him a wake-up call, telling him that the enemy he faced now was definitely not simple.