c7007 Barbarian soldiers

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "This battle is a rare exercise for our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. I believe that after this battle, all the disciples participating in the battle will gain a level of combat effectiveness." Improvement is definitely good news for us.”

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "This war will transform many disciples. Their state of mind will be improved, and their strength will also be improved, and no matter what they encounter in the future, No matter what kind of battle they face, they will not give up easily, which will turn them into an elite, an absolute elite."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Let them have a good rest for a while. We also need to summarize this battle and see if there is any room for improvement. These rattan soldiers are not weak in combat effectiveness, but they are definitely not strong either. We will encounter enemies more powerful than them in the future, so we must be careful."

Everyone nodded, and Zhao Hai then said: "Okay, let's go make arrangements. We will not attack in the next few days. We will leave the reconnaissance to Wulong. We will take a period of rest and recuperate. Come on." Everyone responded, then saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left.

Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said: "I think these rattan armor soldiers who appeared this time should be called rattan armor soldiers more appropriately. The rattan armor they are wearing is very similar to the records of rattan armor soldiers. I don't know if they will appear next time. What kind of enemy will he be? There are quite a few tricks up his sleeve."

Laura smiled slightly and said: "There is nothing we can do about this. Now even if you rush directly into the sound wave interface and hit the statue of Kinnara, it is probably impossible because most of the places here are blocked. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is under control, and we must clear out the power of the Shadow Clan's laws bit by bit, and then we can completely control this place."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Then let's take it step by step slowly. Don't be anxious. Let's go and take a rest. We have been busy these days and have no time to rest. In the next few days, There shouldn't be any enemies for a few days. Before every attack, they will give us a period of time to rest, so there is no need to be too anxious."

Laura nodded. In fact, they were also very curious about what kind of enemy they would face next. But now they could only wait for the opponent to make a move. If the opponent did not make a move, they would be anxious. It's also useful, they can only wait, but it's good, at least they will have a very sufficient rest time.

In the following days, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were just constructing the territory they had just acquired, and were also resting and reorganizing. The reconnaissance naturally fell on the Kirigakure clan, but they did not find anything. Not even the shadow of the enemy was found, which made Zhao Hai stunned. Zhao Hai remembered that there were Shadow Clan people here, the kind of Shadow Clan people who could freely come and go in the shadows. Why are they missing now? Where did they go?

But Zhao Hai was not in a hurry. Those Shadow Clan people did not appear. There must be their reasons. No matter when they appeared, they were not worried. They just waited for them to appear. He really wanted to see what those Shadow Clan people could do. No matter how long you hide, this interface will belong to them sooner or later. If those Shadow Clan people want to go against them, they will definitely appear. He is not in a hurry.

Ten days passed like this, Wulong once again spread the news, and a new enemy indeed appeared again. When he heard the news, Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief, which meant that their guess was Yes, the enemy did appear once, which may mean that these were really just some tests set up in this space, but they were just some tests strengthened by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

However, Zhao Hai did not tell others about this speculation, but directly asked Wulong to report what kind of enemy they encountered this time, and the news they got was shocking to Zhao Hai. Surprisingly, the enemies that appeared this time were all cavalry. These cavalry were all wearing armor and had different weapons in their hands, but each of them had a shield in their hand, and on this shield, there was a beast. Such a portrait looks very terrifying.

This really surprised Zhao Hai. He didn’t know what the origin of the enemy that appeared this time was. The origin that Zhao Hai mentioned was actually martial arts. He didn’t know which martial arts the enemy this time came from, so he He was very surprised, but then he didn't say anything. They waited slowly. When the enemy appeared, he would naturally know who the enemy was.

The enemies this time were the same as the Tengpai soldiers that Zhao Hai and the others encountered. They did not stop there and wait for the Blood Killing Sect to attack them. Instead, they began to advance towards the Blood Killing Sect. The distance between them also increased. It's not very far, only less than three hundred miles, and the enemy is riding behind them. I believe they will reach the territory of the Blood Killing Sect in a short time. They must be careful. Following Zhao Hai's order, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect gathered together and formed a formation. It was the same formation as when they faced the Tengpai soldiers, but this time they did not take the initiative. Instead of attacking, he stood there quietly waiting for the enemy to arrive.

Two hours later, the power of Shadow Clan's law was separated, and the enemy appeared outside the Blood Killing Sect's shield. As expected, the opponents were all cavalry. They were all majestic, and each one seemed to be wearing several layers of armor. Their heads were They wear helmets, but their helmets are very distinctive. Their helmets are round, and there is no arrow-like decoration on the top of the helmet. There is also a red tassel on it, which looks very beautiful.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw the opponent's helmet, he immediately knew that the opponent was wearing armor from the Qing Dynasty. This discovery made Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief, and he murmured: "The interesting thing is this, that is Said, these people were selected for this ancient song, and with the shield, it should be the Wuman card, right? These guys are not easy to deal with. "

The reason why Zhao Hai said that these cavalry are not easy to deal with is because he knows very well that these cavalry are not actually real cavalry. Their riding combat skills are generally really strong in infantry combat. Although they are cavalry, when it comes to fighting, Sometimes, they often jump off their horses and engage in foot combat with the enemy.

They often wear three or even five layers of armor. They are very defensive and powerful. The weapons they use are generally heavy weapons. Even if they use bows and arrows, they are long bows and heavy arrows, which are very lethal. It was shocking, but Zhao Hai believed that they could definitely defeat the enemy.

Sure enough, after the cavalry arrived outside the shield of the Blood Killer Sect, they all stopped. Then the cavalry jumped off their horses one by one. Then they took out their shields, which were square shields. They are all over one meter tall. On the front is a huge animal face with grinning canthus and teeth. It looks very ferocious.

And their weapons are also very special. It is rare to see weapons like long knives in their hands. Their weapons are generally maces, axes, pumpkin hammers and other weapons, all of which are heavy-shaped. With striking weapons, they held large shields in one hand and heavy weapons in the other, slowly advancing towards the Blood Killing Sect's army step by step.

Zhao Hai didn't say anything. In fact, he was just standing there watching the battle in front, with no intention of intervening, because the frontline commanders had their own command methods, and there was no need for him to intervene. He just mastered them. Just one general direction is enough, and he doesn’t need to worry about the rest.

The blood-killing sect's tactics were still the same. The soldiers of the blood-killing sect marched out. They quickly came to the front of the team and were ready to shoot. When the distance between the two sides was still 300 meters, they directly fired. Shooting started, and after the five arrows were shot, they retreated directly behind the team.

But this time when they shot out the five arrows, they found that there were very few enemies shot down by them. Some enemies had several arrows on their bodies and were still moving forward without any injuries. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect They were all a little surprised. They really didn't expect that the enemy's defense would be so strong.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Let the sword and shield soldiers pay attention to protecting the spear soldiers. The enemy will also attack with bows and arrows, and their bows and arrows are still very lethal. The Mo sword soldiers are not afraid of the enemy's bows and arrows in heavy armor, but the armor of the spear soldiers , I'm afraid I won't be able to block the opponent's bow and arrow." Although Zhao Hai will not directly command the frontline battle, he still needs the necessary reminders.

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately passed on the order. Sure enough, some adjustments were made immediately. The sword and shield soldiers stepped forward and got closer to the spear soldiers. They were ready to use their big guns at any time. He used his shield to protect the spearmen. At this moment, a sudden burst of arrows shot out from the enemy's formation.

Now the distance between the two sides is only about a hundred meters, and those big arrows hit Mo Dao soldiers directly, but the heavy armor on Mo Dao soldiers was no joke. After those big arrows hit Mo Dao soldiers, they just The armor on Mo Daobing's body left a small crater, but it brought up a handful of sparks and did not cause any substantial damage to Mo Daobing.

The spearmen standing behind the Mo Dao soldiers were attacked by several long arrows flying over. Although they were also wearing armor, the power of the long arrows was surprisingly strong, and they were able to kill all of them in one go. The armor was shot through, and several pikemen were wounded at once.

The sword and shield soldiers also raised their large shields at this time, protecting more spear soldiers, so only a few people were injured, and the injuries were not very serious, but this also let them know each other The big arrows were so powerful. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took a look at the arrowheads of the big arrows stuck on the ground, and found that the arrowheads of the big arrows were very long. They were typical heavy arrows, and the tips were three-spindle. They were broken arrows. Armor's heavy arrows.

Of course, the soldiers of the Blood Killing Sect also began to fight back. Although the lethality of their arrows was reduced a lot because the opponent wore several layers of armor, this does not mean that their arrows were not powerful at all. With its lethality, the arrows can still cause some damage to the opponent, but the lethality is not that strong.