c7005 engage in battle

Zhao Hai listened to Wen Wenhai's words. Although Wen Wenhai's words were very plain, he could hear his firm confidence in his words. Wen Wenhai really believed in him and truly believed in him. This made Zhao Hai A smile couldn't help but appear on his face. At the same time, he turned to look at the others, who also saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, we will always follow you because we believe in you. No matter what the Sect Master asks us to do, we will never do it." Nothing to say."

Zhao Hai laughed loudly and said: "Okay, as long as you follow me, I will definitely take you to the Elder Avenue. I believe that I can do it. Now, kill these guys in front of me. Let's We must keep knocking down all those who stand in front of us. Everything we see belongs to us, so be prepared." Everyone agreed in unison, and then immediately went to prepare.

Soon after hearing the name, he came to Zhao Hai, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, we have quickly made a hundred catapults, and a hundred bed slaves, and the arrows are also being made by others. , Ten thousand arrows have been made now, and we are working hard. Give us two hours, we can make a thousand bed slaves, five hundred catapults, two hundred thousand arrows, and more There are fireballs but ten thousand can be made.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Go ahead, you don't need too much, just make the quantity you just mentioned. After all, the use of these things is really not very great. If it weren't for dealing with the curse, we would There is no need for these things at all. Now we, the Blood Killing Sect, have countless high-level weapons. Those things are really of no use to us. After using them this time, we don’t know when we can use them again. Go Get ready."

Wen Yuming responded, and then said: "Sect Master, I have brought all the things that have been made now. They can be used as long as they are installed. Do you think it can be installed now?" Wen Yuming said This time I am here to deliver these things. Don’t underestimate the people of Shenjitang. Their assembly line production and production speed are very fast. In addition, they use blood gold. If you want this thing to be finalized, it will be real. It's so easy, that's why they make it so fast.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Put it on. By the way, you don't need to make fireballs after you go back. We have a substitute for that thing. I remember that I encountered a kind of tree before, and the fruits produced on that tree were very... They are big and oily. Each fruit is very large and can be used as a fireball. Moreover, after burning for a while, it will explode. It is the best substitute for fireballs."

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but feel happy. He immediately said: "Okay, in that case, we can spend more energy on making bed slaves and trebuchets. This way the speed will be faster." It will be faster." Although that kind of fireball looks very simple, it is definitely not simple to make, because when making it, you need to use multiple layers of straw rope, dip it in oil, and then wrap it into a A ball would burn for a long time and be more powerful. Now that he heard that there was a replacement, he was naturally very happy.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, go get ready. You don't have to worry about the fireball. Just let someone come to my place to pick it up later." Wen Yuming responded, saluted to Zhao Hai, and then turned around After leaving, he must go back immediately to adjust their bed slaves and catapult production lines in order to produce the most bed slaves and catapults in the shortest time, so that these things can be sent to the front line as soon as possible. Come.

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others had also made arrangements, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all ready. The only things that were not fully prepared were the bed slaves and the catapults. These two items were also being arranged, and Zhao Hai directly asked He called someone over and gave that person a space bag. In that space bag was the kind of fruit that Zhao Hai mentioned before. That kind of fruit was called fire oil fruit by Zhao Hai. Not only did this kind of fruit contain very high oil content, The heart of the fruit is still empty, the inside is full of oil, and the outer skin is very hard, but because the oil content of the fruit is very large, it sticks to it at all. It is precisely because of this that this kind of fruit is Become the best substitute for fireballs.

After the disciples had loaded up the bed slaves and catapults, the sound of elephants roaring could be heard in the distance, and many of the giant beasts in the Blood Killing Sect had also been released. Of course, these giant beasts They are all giant beasts on land. The sea beasts have not been released. Although they can move on land, because the enemy they have to deal with this time is an illusion created by the curse, those sea beasts may not be able to attack them at all if they are released. People, after all, they are actually a kind of magical creatures, so Zhao Hai did not release them at all.

Zhao Hai looked calm, and after a while he said: "These will be the best group of enemies we will face in the future, so this battle must be fought quickly, and they must be defeated." Kill them for me in the shortest time. Don’t look at them attacking now. It will be us attacking in a while. Get ready." Everyone responded in unison, but no one said anything.

Soon, a rumble of footsteps came, and then they felt that the black power of Shadow Clan Law outside the shield seemed to be pushed away by something, and slowly disappeared, and then An army appeared outside the shield. There were so many people in this army that they could not see the end at a glance. Judging from Zhao Hai's experience, the number of people who came to attack them this time was definitely more than 100 million. How many people were there? I don’t know.

These people are almost all dressed in the same way. They are all wearing rattan armor and holding a rattan shield in their hands. This shield is round and nearly one meter in diameter. In their other hand, they all hold a rattan shield. A long knife, this long knife is more than three feet long, with curvature, and looks like the leaves of a grass seedling.

Among these armies, you can also see some elephant soldiers. These elephant soldiers did not act in a unified manner, but were scattered throughout the army. At first glance, there did not seem to be many, but the number of the other party was really too many. If Really counting, the number of these elephant soldiers is quite large.

After the army on the opposite side appeared, they did not stop. They were still moving forward slowly. It seemed that they were not ready to take a rest and directly attacked the Blood Killing Sect. Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile and murmured He murmured: "Interesting, Wen Hai, here's the order, let's move forward too. If the other party wants to fight, then let's have a good fight."

Wen Wenhai responded, and then immediately gave the order. Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect's army also began to slowly advance forward. Unlike the other party, the Blood Killing Sect's army was at the front. Heavy armor soldiers, the weapons held by these heavy armor soldiers are also very special, but they are Mo Dao.

Mo Dao is a long weapon. It looks a bit like a three-pointed two-edged sword. It is the weapon used by Erlang Shen, but in fact it is not. The head of Mo Dao is actually more like a heavy sword, but It's too wide, so it looks like a three-pointed two-edged sword.

Each of these heavily armored soldiers was wearing heavy armor, dragging a long sword behind them. Behind them were spearmen, behind the spearmen were sword and shield soldiers, and behind them were slave soldiers. , but now all these slave soldiers followed, ran in front of the heavy armored soldiers, and kept moving forward with the army, and at the same time, the slave soldiers in their hands were also ready.

The army of the Blood Killing Sect is divided into phalanxes and phalanxes. These phalanxes are arranged according to the direction of the formation. They seem to be very scattered, but in fact they are in harmony with the way of heaven, and they can cooperate with each other at any time. , and among these square formations, there are some cavalry who are also traveling with the team, but they have not immediately attacked the opponent's formation. It is not the time yet. They can move freely in the formation. Take action, and when the order is given, they will rush out from the middle of the formation, between the two square formations, and attack the enemy's formation.

Of course, in the middle of the formation, there are also many behemoths following the action. They are also now covered in armor and are moving with the formation. However, their only target is the opponent's elephant soldiers. The opponent's elephant soldiers are attacking them. The threat is still great, and only the giant beasts and those bed slaves can deal with it.

It is not easy for bed slaves to deal with those elephant soldiers, because those elephant soldiers can also move, and the speed is not slow. After all, those elephant soldiers are not real elephant soldiers, they are illusions created by the power of the curse. , have been strengthened, so they are faster and have stronger defense. If you want to deal with them, only behemoths are the best choice.

In the middle of the army, there were many catapults and catapults. Because they were equipped with wheels underneath and could be pushed forward, they could move together with the army. The armies on both sides approached slowly, as if they were two Waves of different colors collide with each other.

The distance between the two sides was getting closer and closer. When the distance between the two sides reached 300 meters, the soldiers at the front of the Blood Killing Sect army immediately started to move. They quickly shot out the arrows in their hands, and then grabbed them. The handle of the arrow was pulled back, and immediately another arrow was shot out. The soldiers pulled it again, and after shooting five arrows, they did not care about the result, and ran as fast as two sides. Go, go directly back to the back of the phalanx, and then start loading arrows into the quiver.

And with their shooting, the rattan soldiers were shot down. Of course, the defense of those rattan soldiers was still good. The rattan armor on their bodies were all specially made, and their defense was very good. Some of them were Although the long arrows were nailed to their vine armor, they were not penetrated. The vine armor soldiers were still moving forward.

Just when the two sides were still two hundred meters away from each other, a shower of arrows flew out from behind the Blood Killing Sect army one after another. These were the soldiers who had loaded their arrows and fired them at once, but because both sides The distance was too close and they couldn't run forward. They could only use projectiles from behind to shoot at the shield soldiers.

After another five rounds of continuous shooting, the rain of arrows paused for a moment, and then started shooting again. They all used ordinary iron arrows, and did not let their external avatars directly load arrows into their quivers. Because they are afraid that doing so will make the other party's curse think that they used the monk's method, and then their attacks will be useless.