c7002 enemy situation

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately responded. This kind of thing is really too simple for them. They have long been familiar with it. In the past, they might have had some trouble doing this kind of thing. , but now there is no trouble at all, because they can first let the blood-killing battle fort melt the metal-changing liquid in a place, and then add the magic circle they want into it, and then turn it into a trapped solid, There is nothing difficult about this, so there is no problem in adding a new magic circle to the Blood Killing Castle.

Zhao Hai nodded, then turned to everyone and said: "Everyone, please be prepared. Not only must you train your disciples well, but you must also be ready to fight at any time." Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hand. , Wen Wenhai and the others immediately saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left the hall.

Laura and the others also stood up and said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, let's go and prepare. They can't teach you about the three-dimensional magic circle. Only we can take action." Laura and the others actually like this job very much. , To be honest, they have not commanded the three-dimensional battle formation for a long time, and now they can finally command the three-dimensional battle formation to fight again. They are really excited.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Go, but don't go all of them. You can't ignore the sect's affairs. Now the sect's logistics matters are all yours to take care of. If you all go, what will happen to the sect?" I'm afraid the logistics department will be in chaos." Of course Zhao Hai was joking when he said this. He could also take over the entire sect, but he also knew very well that if he didn't find something for Laura and the others, If they don't do anything, they will be very bored.

Laura and the others are all very capable people. It can be said that if they don't follow him, then each of them will be able to stand alone. Now Laura and the others do not have such an opportunity, which makes Zhao Hai very... Feeling guilty, he created opportunities for Laura and the others so that they could use their talents.

Moreover, it is not necessary for Laura and others to teach those people the art of three-dimensional battle formations. Meg, Cai'er and others are actually not interested in the three-dimensional battle formations, or even interested in participating in it. It is precisely because of this , so what Zhao Haicai said was actually to give them a chance to be honest and not participate in this matter.

Sure enough, as soon as Zhao Hai finished speaking, Laura smiled and said: "Meg and the others will not go, they will stay and manage the outside affairs, so you can rest assured." Laura and the others actually understood that Zhao Hai Why does Hai do this, but they like to pretend not to understand. Women, only when facing their beloved, will they pretend to be stupid and make their beloved appear smarter than them. This is the wisdom of women. .

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, then I'm relieved. You can go and do your work. I'm still going to study the Soul Array. I always feel that this Soul Array still has a lot of room for improvement." ." Laura and the others responded, then turned and left, and Zhao Hai returned to the space.

In the following days, Wulong and the others would send back some news from time to time. However, these messages were not sent directly to Zhao Hai, but to Zhu Yong. Zhu Yong was the situation manager of the Blood Killing Sect, so All the news about Wu Long and others was sent to Zhu Yong. After Zhu Yong sorted it out, it was handed over to the headquarters, that is, in the hands of Wen Wenhai and others, instead of directly handing it over to Zhao Hai.

Of course, Wen Wenhai and the others are also very busy these days. They have begun to train the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must receive this kind of training. For this reason, they also specially asked Shenji Hall to people also participate in this training.

The reason why people from Shenji Hall should also participate in the training is because during their training this time, there were many people who used arrows and bows, and whether they were arrows or bows, all of them were used. It is a long-range attack weapon. If they carry a lot of arrows on their bodies, of course there will be problems, but that will affect the shooting speed. It is best to solve this problem directly.

After the research of Shenji Hall, they finally changed the Lianjian into Lianxu. This kind of Lianxian is somewhat similar to Zhuge Lianxu, but more refined. And after the research of Shenjitang, they found that as long as you usually If you always keep your outer body warm and nourished, then you can directly separate a part of your outer body and make it into arrows. In this way, you don't have to worry about not having enough arrows at all. After the battle is over, you can take back all those arrows and integrate them into your external avatar again. Although it doesn't matter if you don't integrate, but in order to prevent this metal from falling into the hands of the enemy, It's better to take it back.

Just half a month after Zhao Hai and the others met, Wulong came back with news that the Shadow Clan's laws had indeed changed. Just a hundred miles away from Zhao Hai's territory, the Shadow Clan's laws were slowly retreating. After going down, a large illusion appeared there, but this time the illusion was quite strange. All those who appeared there were some soldiers, and these soldiers were dressed very simply. They wore rattan armor and held in their hands Each person was equipped with a rattan shield and a long sword. Their long swords looked somewhat similar to the Tang knives that Zhao Hai used before, but they had a large arc, long and narrow body, and were very beautiful.

As soon as he heard the news, Zhao Hai knew that the enemy was taking action again, and this time the soldiers appeared directly. This was very different from the previous situations. It seemed that the enemy had also changed their attack methods. Zhao Hai was a little curious as to what kind of music they used this time.

After receiving the news, Zhao Hai immediately summoned Wen Wenhai and the others. After everyone arrived in the hall, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "The news just came back from Wulong. Where are they?" The enemy has been discovered. This time the enemy is still an illusion, but this time the illusion is a little different from the illusions we have encountered before. Wulong said that this time the enemy has not changed much in the terrain, but the enemy that appears is There are many troops wearing vine armor and holding vine shields and swords."

Everyone was stunned, and then Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Boss, the enemy's changes this time are a little different from before. In the past, the illusion created by the enemy did not have an army at the beginning, but This time, troops appeared. It seems that the enemy may have changed their attack method. Do you think we need to try to attack the opponent and explore their background?" Wen Wenhai also thought of it immediately, The enemy may have changed his attack method, so he wanted to attack to see how strong the shield soldiers the opponent produced were.

Zhao Hai nodded and was talking. At this moment, Zhu Yong stood up and said to Zhao Hai: "Master, Wulong just sent back the news that the enemy is coming towards us. The number is unknown. In short, it is very large. There were many people, but this time the enemy did not surround us. They attacked us from the front. There were so many people. I couldn’t calculate how many there were in a while. By the way, he also said that in Among these people, I saw a lot of monsters, all of which are elephant-shaped monsters, much taller than elephants, each of them is about five feet tall."

When Zhao Hai heard what Zhu Tong said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then smiled slightly and said: "Okay, it seems that the enemy has really changed the method of attack this time, and actually attacked us directly. It's interesting, so interesting. Okay, very good, let’s go prepare and meet those guys.”

Everyone responded in unison, and then Zhao Hai led everyone directly out of the Blood Slaughter Sect's main hall and onto the back of Xuanwu Island. As soon as Zhao Hai arrived on the back of Xuanwu Island, he immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "Wen Hai, you go. Get ready, first mobilize a billion disciples to line up outside, then select a group of cavalry and a group of infantry to attack the enemy, try to see the effect of the attack, go ahead."

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately went to make arrangements. Zhao Hai turned to Chang Jun and said: "Chang Jun, please prepare the disciples on the front line. The same goes for the disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Before the enemy is ready, When they are close to our shield, attack them with energy weapons first and see what the effect is. If the energy weapons are useful to those enemies, it will be easy. If they have no effect, then don't participate in the attack."

Chang Jun responded and immediately went to make arrangements. Zhao Hai turned to the others and said: "Let's go to the front line too and see the situation with our own eyes." Naturally, everyone would not object and followed Zhao Hai to the front line. In a bloody battle fortress there, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun soon arrived in front of everyone.

The two of them walked to Zhao Hai. Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Boss, the army has been assembled. Two small teams have been sent out. There are not many people. There are only 10,000 cavalry and 100,000 infantry. They are all Just bring ordinary weapons and prepare to use shields to meet the enemy."

Zhao Hai nodded, and Chang Jun continued: "Sect Master, everything has been arranged in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and you can attack." Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, as long as the arrangements are made, go ahead, I'm watching from here." The two responded and immediately ordered the two attacking teams to open their shields.

The two teams quickly left the shield and headed straight towards the army. In front of Zhao Hai and the others, a projection also appeared, showing the situation of the two teams. Zhao Hai really wanted to see it. Look, what will happen when the two teams face the enemy? The enemy that appears this time is indeed a bit weird.

The two teams were moving very fast. Although they were within the power of Shadow Clan's laws, this did not affect their actions. So after a short time, they felt that their eyes were empty, and the next moment they saw A large army, this is indeed a large army, with endless numbers as far as the eye can see. Everyone is wearing vine armor, holding a vine shield in one hand, and a long knife in the other. Among the army, you can also see some giant elephants, On the back of the giant elephant, there is a huge elephant seat, and a person is sitting on the elephant seat. There are several weapons inserted in the large elephant seat, which looks majestic.