c7004 martial arts

When Zhao Hai heard what Yao Jianhao said, he couldn't help but be slightly startled, and then burst into laughter. Then he turned to the others and said, "What do you think? What do you think of Uncle Yao's proposal?" To be honest, what Yao Jianhao said He really hadn't thought about this. He usually wanted to use cleverness to defeat the enemy, and he didn't like to fight head-on with the enemy. But Yao Jianhao's words made Zhao Hai understand at once. In fact, sometimes things happen. It's very simple, nothing too complicated is needed, just straightforward. .

Their Blood Killing Sect has countless disciples, more than 60 billion, which is not a small number, and there are countless giant beasts. In this case, what reason do they have to be afraid of the opponent's shield soldiers? He had already seen the previous battles with those Tengpai soldiers. Although the combat effectiveness of those Tengpai soldiers was not weak, they were not necessarily that strong. The Blood Killing Sect was no better than those guys in terms of weapons and equipment or the training of its disciples. Damn, in this case, why do they have to use clever skills to defeat each other? Wouldn't it be better to fight the opponent directly?

Wen Wenhai and the others also understood what Yao Jianhao meant. They looked at each other, and then Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and said, "Uncle Yao is right. We really don't need to think so much. We can just open up and fight with the opponent." Just have a fight, I really want to see if the other party is our opponent."

Everyone else also laughed, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Wen Hai, there are already one billion people outside us now. You are preparing some people to be ready to support at any time. I will let some The behemoth clan came to help. Lao Wen immediately sent everyone the most primitive drawings of the mechanical bed slave, as well as the trebuchet. By the way, I remember that to deal with the rattan soldiers, it seems that it is better to use fire attacks. , I’m preparing some fireballs, either magic fireballs or fireballs made by lighting grass and trees on fire to attack the enemy to see if the effect will be better.”

Everyone immediately responded and went to get ready. Zhao Hai was standing up when Laura suddenly said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, wait a minute, I have something to tell you." Zhao Hai listened. When La said this, he immediately stopped, and then looked at Laura with some confusion, wondering what she asked him to do.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Hai, I almost know the methods used by the enemy this time. This time we must not underestimate the enemy, otherwise we may suffer a big loss." Laura's face looked very serious. Zhao Hai was taken aback for a moment. Something that Laura could take so seriously was definitely not simple. Zhao Hai became even more curious.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai's look, and then said in a deep voice: "Brother Hai, have you heard that in ancient China, music and dance were almost inseparable, and dance was divided into literary dance and martial dance. Wen dance is the kind of dance that literati watch. It is usually performed by women, with graceful movements and very beautiful music. However, martial dance is different. Wu dance is a kind of dance that shows off martial arts, and many of them are danced by men. The movements are strong and powerful, and the music is mainly passionate and grand. The inheritance of this kind of martial arts is actually very long, and there are many famous songs. This time the enemy we face is mainly based on sonic attacks, but before The two people we saw were Kinnara, they were a man and a woman, and they were gods of music, good at singing and dancing, so I suspect that they used martial arts to deal with us this time, because we had The attacks we encountered were almost all composed of music and literary dance. Niyi Yushang song is the representative of literary dance, and what we encounter now is most likely a martial dance. Otherwise, it would be impossible for an army to appear when we come up. But before I I checked the ancient Chinese songs and found some famous martial arts songs, among which there is a famous martial dance called Tengpai Dance. Is there any connection with the Tengpai soldiers we are facing now?"

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then his expression couldn't help but change, and then nodded and said: "It's possible, it's very possible, where there is literature, there is martial arts. Guangling San can be said to be the best in literature and music." , but the martial arts dance has just appeared, that means that this rattan dance is probably the weakest among the martial arts, and there will be more and more powerful martial arts in the future?"

Laura nodded, then she smiled bitterly and said: "Now I have almost analyzed why we couldn't use the methods in the world of cultivation to attack the enemy before. Energy weapons and large magic weapons cannot be used. We can only Use infantry or cavalry to attack the enemy. Because these pieces of music are all ordinary pieces of music and have nothing to do with the theory of gods, so we cannot use the methods of the cultivation world to deal with them. But Brother Hai, the following types of weapons, I'm afraid It’s difficult to deal with it.”

While talking about Laura, he took out a jade slip and gave it to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at the names on the jade slip and couldn't help being surprised. Then he said in a deep voice: "There are actually some Martial arts related to gods and demons, it seems that the enemies we encounter in the future will definitely be extremely powerful?"

Laura nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "So we must be more careful in the future. Even this time, we must be more careful. We were able to defeat the enemy before because the music used by the enemy was all Wenqu, Wenqu. The lethality of the music will definitely not be very great, but Wuwu is different, and because most of Nawen's songs are general music, they have nothing to do with Shenwu. At least these few songs that appear have nothing to do with Shenwu. , so we can use cavalry and infantry to break those music, and the same is true for the rattan dance that appears now. As long as we defeat this rattan army, we should be able to break the opponent. That is to say, if we want to break The method to get rid of this kind of curse is actually very simple. There is only one way, and that is to defeat the opponent."

Zhao Hai nodded, he also felt that this should be the case, but Laura then continued to say: "But Brother Hai, you must also pay attention to it. Before you can't use the methods of the cultivation world to deal with those shield soldiers, I heard Zhu Yong report that when Sun Buyu and others used energy weapons to attack the Tengpai soldiers, they were immediately attacked by a curse. If we hadn't changed the Yin and Yang Lei Pond, I'm afraid they would have been cursed by now."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "Okay, I understand. I really didn't expect that such a thing would happen. Don't worry, I know what to do." Laura nodded, and then this Without saying anything else, Zhao Hai left the hall directly and wanted to go outside to have a look.

Laura's reminder this time is still very useful. At least when he sees the enemy in the future, he will be able to know what ancient song the enemy is using, so that he can probably guess whether he can use the cultivation method. Come to deal with the enemy, this is very important.

Zhao Hai arrived on the back of Xuanwu Island. Wen Wenhai and the others had indeed arrived there. As soon as they saw Zhao Hai, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hands and said in a deep voice: "What's the situation? The enemy is still there. How far is it?" He actually paid great attention to these enemies.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "The enemy is still about fifty miles away from us. We are already prepared. Now I often hear that they are preparing bed slaves and catapults, as well as fire bombs. These things are very difficult for us to make now." It’s very easy to make, I believe it won’t take long to make, so don’t worry, boss.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, just be more careful and get everyone ready. Never use energy weapons or spells to attack the enemy. Sun Buyu and the others have tried it before. They used energy When the weapons attack the enemy, they are immediately attacked by the power of the curse. If we hadn't improved the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool, they might have been cursed by now. I'm worried that if we attack the enemy with energy weapons together, the curse will counterattack. It will be more powerful.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his face changed and he snorted: "These guys are quite vicious. If their enemies are not us, but people from Wanshan Realm, then Wanshan Realm will People who come up will definitely use various techniques or spells to attack them. In that case, the people in Wanshan Realm will be directly cursed, and when the curse takes effect, they will be finished."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, that's right. If their enemy is not us, it would be really dangerous. But it's a pity. Now they have met us, and we are their nemesis. This We must take down the sonic interface at this time, and if I guess correctly, there are several more interfaces like this."

The reason why Zhao Hai said this was because of his and Laura's guess. There was Gandharva on the black and white battlefield, and Kinnara was here. These were two of the eight parts of the Heavenly Dragons, and there were eight parts of the Eight Parts of the Heavenly Dragons. Members, that is to say, if the other party is really refining it according to the Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons, and is about to succeed, then they still have at least six such interfaces to break through.

Wen Wenhai didn't know this. When he heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said in a deep voice: "Boss, are you telling the truth? Are there really many interfaces like yours?" Is he really? I am very curious. If what Zhao Hai said is true, and there are really several interfaces like this, then they will have to use up a lot of time in these interfaces.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It is very likely to be true. Although in this way, we will spend a lot of time in these interfaces, but we can also go to several interfaces, right? Wait until we finish Once all these interfaces are taken down, we will be able to appear in Wanshan Realm by then. When we appear there, everyone in Wanshan Realm will be surprised, I believe this."

Wen Wenhai also had a smile on his face, and he said with a smile: "I have always believed that you can do this, boss. Don't worry, boss. All of us in the Blood Killing Sect will definitely continue to do so." Follow behind the boss and support you all the time. We will definitely be able to reach the Shadow Clan's lair and completely eliminate them. At the same time, we can also walk through the door of eternal life and achieve the road to immortality. Boss, we will always Follow you because we believe in you."