c7009 King Lanling

Time passed day by day, and ten days passed in the blink of an eye. During these ten days, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect still lived the same days as before, resting, training, doing what they wanted to do, and at the same time, they were also living at any time. They all know that in about ten days, they may face a big battle, and every time the enemies they face are not so easy to deal with, they can even be said to be stronger each time, so they You have to be careful.

Sure enough, after ten days, news came from Wulong that the enemy appeared again. This time the enemy appeared again. It was still an army. This army had a very large number of people and very different types of soldiers. There are many, and the cooperation between the various arms is also very good. We even saw some weapons like catapults. And among this army, there is also a very special army. This army is all cavalry. , they are all wearing iron armor, and on their faces, they all wear a mask. The leader has a ghost mask on his face. That mask seems to have a very special ability. Anyone can Anyone who sees that mask will feel fear.

After Zhao Hai heard Wu Long's words, he had some vague guesses in his heart, and then they ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to be prepared. According to the experience of the last battle, the Mo of the Blood Killing Sect There are more swords and soldiers than before, and their armor defense is also stronger. The number of spearmen of the Blood Killing Sect is also larger, but the number of sword and shield soldiers has been reduced accordingly, while the number of crossbowmen has also been reduced. increased.

However, the crossbows of the crossbowmen have been changed. Their crossbows are no longer repeating crossbows, but single-shot crossbows. However, they also have a winding tool added, and at the same time, it is more convenient to load the arrows. The reason why they were changed to One of the most important reasons for this kind of crossbow is that it has a longer range and is more powerful.

The last time they faced the barbarian soldiers, the barbarian soldiers were all wearing three or five layers of armor. However, the continuous crossbows of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were somewhat insufficient in terms of damage and damage in front of those armors. Because of this, the Blood Killing Sect modified their crossbows. They now no longer use side crossbows, but this crossbow is more powerful and has a longer range.

Now the Blood Killing Sect has a thousand bed crossbows. Each bed crossbow can be loaded with five giant arrows at the same time. After being shot out, the power is also very amazing. However, the catapult has never been made too much. There are many improvements, but some springs are added to the process of throwing stones, so that the thrown charcoal can fly farther.

Just after the Blood Slaughter Sect's army arranged their formation, the enemy also arrived. This time, the enemies marched in a more orderly manner. The army also lined up in a neat formation and slowly drove over. Among them, there were spearmen, cavalry, archers, sword and shield soldiers, and catapults, but no bed slaves were seen.

From the marching speed of this army and their neat formation, it can be seen that this army is definitely not simple, it is also an extremely elite army, and Zhao Hai also saw the group of people Wulong was talking about. , that team is not very large, it looks like there are only a few hundred people. A few hundred people are really inconspicuous in this kind of battle with hundreds of millions of people, but this team of a few hundred people is completely Different, although this team only seems to have a few hundred people, their armor is the best. The most important thing is that each of them wears a mask on their face, and the masks all look ferocious and terrifying. , very scary, but the person in the lead is wearing a big ghost face. This ghost face is green and has fangs. It is indescribably scary and makes people feel scared at the sight of it.

Next to the ghost-faced man, there was a person following. This person was holding a big flag with a big word "high" written on it. When he saw this word, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief and murmured: "Sure enough, It's you, I really thought that I would meet you, haha, it's interesting, it's so interesting."

At this time, Laura also came to Zhao Hai's side. She also saw the team of people and the big flag. Then he said: "Prince Lanling?" Although this was a question, it brought with it There was a hint of certainty, that is to say, she was actually sure who the commander of this army was.

Zhao Hai nodded, glanced at the man with the ghost face, and sighed softly: "It should be him. According to legend, he is very handsome. Every time he fights with the enemy, he will be laughed at by the enemy, so he finally wanted to He came up with a way and put on that mask for himself. After putting on the mask, the enemy was really scared and he was invincible. But what he didn't expect was that the mask was his inner demon. He wore it. I put it on, but in the end I couldn’t take it off.”

Laura said solemnly: "I didn't expect that the third one to face us would be him. His commanding ability is very strong. Brother Hai, how will we deal with it this time?" Laura knew, King Lanling's commanding ability is very powerful. When facing such a famous commander, you really have to be careful.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "We should remain unchanged to cope with all changes. We have already prepared defenses all around. Now it is such a frontal battlefield. In a battlefield like this, there are actually not many variables. Compared with The strength of both sides, I believe in the strength of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but that team of cavalry must be careful."

Laura nodded, and then said: "Then what are you going to do? That group of cavalry is very powerful. Five hundred cavalry can break through the enemy's formation, which is definitely difficult to deal with. What are you going to do?" Laura knew that. , King Lanling has five hundred cavalry, which is definitely a strong army. Back then, he relied on five hundred cavalry to break through the enemy formation, and finally "Lanling King Enters the Battle Song" appeared. In other words, those five hundred Riders are definitely the elite among the elite and the most difficult to deal with.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I have prepared an opponent for them. Look there." After saying that, Zhao Hai pointed to a direction of their army, and Laura found a group of cavalry standing there. The number of cavalry in this group was not small. There are only about 10,000 people, but they are all wearing heavy armor, and their mounts are all wearing heavy armor, and the weapons in their hands are horse-shaped horses. These people are all tall and sitting on Their mounts looked very extraordinary.

Their mounts are not puppet mounts, nor are they aliens. Their mounts are all monsters, and the team members all wear masks, but Laura can still recognize the person behind this horse at a glance. , all are orc cavalry, it can be said that they are the most famous cavalry in the Blood Killing Sect.

The most elite and most powerful cavalry in the Blood Killing Sect are alien cavalry, but there is a prerequisite for this, that is, they are not subject to any restrictions. They can fly and fight like monks. In this case Of course, the alien cavalry is the strongest, but if it is restricted and can only fight on the ground, and uses cavalry methods, then the strongest combat effectiveness should be the orc cavalry.

The mounts of the orc cavalry are monster beasts that they grew up with. They have strong combat effectiveness, but their cavalry skills are better than those of the alien cavalry. This is because these orc cavalry can be said to have been with the monster beasts since they were young. Growing up on their backs, in this case, the orc cavalry's riding skills are the best.

Originally, Zhao Hai did not plan to use orc cavalry, because the orc cavalry is the orc cavalry queen, and they also eat the products of the cultivation world. In this case, they are afraid that it is impossible to participate in this war, just like Zhao Hai It seems that the undead clan has never been used to participate in the war. They are all products of the world of cultivation and cannot attack the army formed by the curse.

Later, after many screenings, they selected some orc queens who rode horse-shaped monsters and looked similar to humans. The number of these cavalry was only 10,000. This was their first time to participate in the war, but they They had been tested before and they could participate in the battle. Zhao Hai turned them into heavy armored cavalry and prepared them to fight against King Lanling's five hundred elite cavalry.

After hearing Zhao Hai tell his plan, Laura said: "Brother Hai, when did you do the experiment, why didn't I know? Can they really participate in the war?" Laura really didn't know Zhao Hai When did Hai let these people do the experiment, so he was very curious.

Zhao Hai said: "Not long ago, I sent a few orc cavalry to shoot a few arrows at King Lanling's army. I found that they could attack the enemy without being cursed, which means that their attack was effective. , so they are sent to the battlefield, but other cavalry with obvious orc characteristics in their appearance cannot do this.

Laura said: "It is already very good to be able to let these people participate in the battle. There is still much more to ask for. Are you confident that these people can stop King Lanling's five hundred elite cavalry?" Laura is still here. She was a little worried about this, so she asked like this. After all, King Lanling was a famous commander, and the elites he had in his hands were definitely not to be underestimated.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I believe it can. These orc cavalry may not be as good as the alien cavalry when it comes to fighting in the sky, but when it comes to fighting on the ground, they are definitely no match for these orc cavalry. Their riding skills are much better than the alien cavalry, so you have to trust them."

Laura nodded, and then he looked at King Lanling's army with some confusion, and said in a deep voice: "They have been here for a while, but why haven't they attacked? What's going on?" Lao Lao La was really curious as to why the enemy hadn't attacked yet. What were they waiting for?

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "This is a battle between two armies. Both sides have invested billions of troops. In this case, attacking immediately is what people who don't know how to fight are doing. Just watch, they will definitely We will first send people to conduct tentative attacks on various points of our defense line to test the strength of the defenses at each point, and then attack. This battle is indeed difficult to fight." Zhao Hai has now Knowing the opponent's plan, the opponent will spread out their large formation. If they take the initiative to attack, the opponent can instantly switch to a defensive position and fight against them. If they do not attack, the enemy will definitely test them, and then in attack. 8)