c7016 House of Flying Daggers

Ten days passed in the blink of an eye. The people of the Blood Killing Sect were now accustomed to such fighting time. Sure enough, when the ten days came, Wulong once again sent news that their enemy had appeared. This time There were many enemies, and there was another army. This was already the fifth martial arts test that Zhao Hai had encountered.

Soon Zhao Hai and the others understood what Wulong meant when he said there were many enemies this time. There were indeed many enemies this time, because they were actually surrounded. You must know that their territory is now very huge. Yes, the Blood Killing Sect is now fully equipped with defenses on its entire territory. It requires nearly 10 billion manpower. Now someone has unexpectedly surrounded them. In other words, the number of enemies surrounding them this time exceeds 200. 100 million, to be honest, Zhao Hai was already frightened by this number. A battle involving tens of billions of people was too surprising.

Zhao Hai went to the front line in person and saw that there were ten enemies surrounding them. They were all wearing iron armor, but their clothes and flags were all red, and on a big flag, there was A big "Han" character is written on the front, but a big "Han" character is written on the other flag.

As soon as he saw these two big flags and the people surrounding them, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly. It was indeed difficult to deal with. Before, Aunt Gongsun went straight to him as the coach, but now he has to face the army. , but it is the Han army. If you have to find something similar to the situation in front of you in the music, then there is only one song, Ambush from Flying Daggers.

Apart from this song, I'm afraid there is no other song that can surround their entire Blood Killing Sect, and this is the only song. Although it is a bit unreasonable to call it Ambush from Flying Daggers, it is okay to call it Ambush from Flying Daggers, and they The terrain here makes it impossible to ambush, so they are actually surrounded now.

Zhao Hai stood there with a calm face and said in a deep voice: "Wen Hai, pass the order and let all the disciples prepare. This time is a tough battle. The enemy will definitely attack us from all fronts. Also, let everyone Be careful, lest the enemy might attack us with music."

Wen Wenhai responded. Although he didn't quite understand the meaning of Zhao Hai's last sentence, he still followed it and immediately asked all the disciples to pay attention to Le Sheng's attack. All the disciples were also prepared. Their armors all have the ability to defend against Lesheng's attacks, so there's no need to worry too much.

The reason why Zhao Hai added the following sentence was because he knew very well that "ambushing from all sides" is almost connected with the sentence "besieged on all sides". Now that the enemy uses this method to deal with them, it means that the enemy may also use it. They were surrounded by enemies from all sides. Even if the enemy didn't know how to use enemies, they would definitely come up with some disturbing music to attack them, so he reminded the disciples.

Zhao Hai knew very well that the enemy they faced this time was definitely the most dangerous, because there were too many enemies, and they had been surrounded. Faced with such an enemy, you absolutely cannot take it lightly. You have to do your best to pay, otherwise you will definitely be the unlucky one.

The song "Ambush from Flying Daggers" is really famous. The Han army used the tactic of "Ambush from Flying Daggers" to surround and annihilate the Chu army in Jiuli Mountain. In the end, the overlord Wujiang committed suicide and the Chu army was completely defeated. That battle has been passed down through the ages. Now if the enemy uses this song to deal with them, if they still dare to be careless, they will be looking for death.

Zhao Hai returned to Xuanwu Island with a calm expression. Wen Wenhai and the others followed him. Zhao Hai glanced around and saw that disciples from the Blood Killing Sect were already gathering around Xuanwu Island. They were ready to support the front line at any time. , this battle is definitely a tough battle. If nothing else, just the number of enemies has already made the people of the Blood Killing Sect feel a lot of pressure.

Zhao Hai looked at these disciples without saying anything. He knew that this was a test for the Blood Killing Sect. After this test, the Blood Killing Sect would definitely be reborn. He believed in the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He did not He believed that a curse could wipe out the entire Blood Killing Sect. Even if the curse contained the power of Buddha or even the power of the laws of this space, it would still be the same. He did not believe that the enemy could rely on just these. If they can destroy their Blood Killing Sect, he believes that they will be the ones who win in the end.

At this moment, at this moment, sudden bursts of drums came. With the sound of the drums, the Han army surrounding them began to slowly press towards them. The weapons used by these Han armies They were all equipped with spears, large shields, and ring-headed knives. The armies slowly pressed forward one after another, with extraordinary momentum.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also ready. They were still led by Mo Dao soldiers, followed by spearmen, sword and shield soldiers, minions, and cavalry in the middle to cooperate in fighting. There were also archers in the Han army. Yes, there are also soldiers. Judging from the equipment of both sides, they are really similar.

Zhao Hai glanced at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and shouted suddenly: "Disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, attack, and we must be the ones who win in the end." His voice was very loud, and it spread far away like thunder. Of course , this is also because he used the magic circle to amplify the sound, and the armor of the Blood Killing Sect disciples has the ability to communicate, so all the Blood Killing Sect disciples heard Zhao Hai's shouts.

As soon as they heard Zhao Hai's shouts, the huge tension caused by the slowly approaching Han army disappeared. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also shouted, but they They did not rush forward crazily, but slowly approached them. Two equally elite armies slowly approached.

When the two sides were 500 meters apart, the soldiers standing in front of the Mo Dao soldiers began to attack, and the enemy also began to attack. Arrows from both sides were fired for three rounds. Then the soldiers retreated, and the two armies Slowly approaching, the two armies soon got closer and closer.

The formation method of the Han army is actually very similar to that of the Blood Killer Sect, but they do not have sword soldiers. The first row of them is sword and shield soldiers. Their large shields are very large. Each large shield They were all over one meter tall and very heavy. All those holding shields moved forward step by step, and they still held ring-hand knives in their hands.

Behind them were the pikemen, whose spears were stretched out from the gaps in the shields, and they were preparing to attack. The reason why the Blood Killing Sect does not rank the sword and shield soldiers in the front is because of the existence of Mo Dao soldiers. Mo Dao soldiers wear heavy armor. Their heavy armor defense is stronger than the large shields. In addition, the Mo Dao soldiers they hold in their hands are also stronger. The attack power of the sword is definitely not comparable to that of the sword and shield soldiers.

The two sides are getting closer and closer, and soon they are only about three meters apart. Although the soldiers of both sides are still shooting at each other in the sky, the battle below has not yet begun. The attack range of the Mo Dao soldiers is only two meters. The enemy's spear attack range is farther from Kebimo Dao soldiers, but not too far away, so they haven't fought together yet.

When the distance between the two sides was about two and a half meters, the spears behind the shields of the Han army thrust forward fiercely, with the target right between Mo Daobing's waist and abdomen. This shot came very fast. It was obvious that they He had been preparing for a long time, and he was ready to stab Mo Daobing to death with one shot.

However, the Mo Dao soldiers of the Blood Killing Sect have also experienced this kind of scene, so they did not panic. They swung out the Mo Dao in their hands and fired their spears directly. Then they took a step forward, and the Mo Dao in their hands was fired at once. Swing out, they slashed straight at the big shield of the sword and shield soldiers. This time they used all their strength, because the Mo Dao soldiers knew very well that facing such an enemy with heavy soldiers, if they did not use all their strength, they would not be able to do anything. Possible to break through the enemy's defenses.

I heard a bang, and Mo Dao slashed at those big shields. Those big shields were really too thick, and they actually blocked Mo Dao's blow. However, although the big shields were not broken, they held the big shield. But the soldier holding the shield couldn't withstand it any longer, and was sent flying backwards by Mo Daobing's sword.

But the attack of the Mo Dao soldiers did not stop, they were still rushing forward, and the Mo Dao in their hands kept dancing, and from the middle of the Mo Dao's body, there were spears piercing out from time to time. Although the enemy's spear soldiers, Some of them stabbed the Mo Dao soldiers, but some were unable to cause much damage to the Mo Dao soldiers, because the Mo Dao soldiers' armor was too heavy and their defense was too good.

But at this moment, countless long swords suddenly stretched out from the Han army. These long swords were protruded from the small feet of the Han army. After they were stretched out, the tops of the swords immediately fell to the ground, and then The position of Ge's Hu was directly opposite the calf of Mo Dao Soldier of the Blood Killing Sect. Then he struck hard, and Mo Dao Soldier was pulled down to the ground. This was because of the amazing defensive power of his armor. Otherwise, I'm afraid, He was about to have his calf broken by this blow.

Then the Chang Ge was raised directly. The Chang Ge was like a rooster's beak, and it pecked Mo Dao Bing who was hiding on the ground. When Mo Dao Bing saw this situation, his eyes could not help but turn blood red, but now he It is impossible to turn over because his armor is too heavy. Although he is a monk, it is impossible to be as flexible as usual, and the Mo Dao in his hand is too long and cannot be used at all. May block this attack.

At this moment, a spear stretched out and struck the Chang Ge. The Chang Ge was immediately pushed aside, hoping to save the Mo Dao soldier's life. The Mo Dao soldier wanted to say a word of gratitude, but found that one of the enemy's spears had pierced the abdomen of the spear soldier. The spear soldier screamed and fell down.

As soon as Mo Daobing saw this situation, his eyes turned red. He roared wildly, then slapped his hand hard on the ground, stood up straight, and then grabbed it. The Mo Dao on the ground swung forward with all his strength. The enemy in front of him was cut into two pieces by his sword, but he did not stop, still roaring, and rushed forward step by step. , one step at a time, one step at a time, and every time the sword is swung, it will definitely kill someone.

There were many people like him on the entire battlefield. People on both sides kept falling down, but people also kept coming up. The whole place was in chaos.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.