c7014 "General Pei is in full force"

The two rivers of sword light collided directly and kept entangled in the air, just like two light dragons biting each other in the air. People could no longer see the two people, only two people could be seen. The swords were entangled in a river of light. This kind of swordsmanship really left everyone dumbfounded.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect below were still fighting with the men in black, but their battle was ignored. Compared with the two sword rivers in the sky, their battle looked like nothing. It was as ridiculous as a child playing nonsense, so naturally no one would take a second look.

But no one on both sides of their battle dared to be distracted. Even the bloody swordsmanship masters who had been guarding the fighting disciples, no one dared to distract themselves from the battle between Zhao Hai and Gongsun Auntie. All of their All attention was focused on the battles below.

A sudden scream came. A disciple of the Blood Killing Sect was pierced through the chest by a man in black with a sword. He fell to the ground immediately. It seemed that he would not survive, and a Blood Killing Sect disciple who had been watching from the side The disciple of the Killing Sect roared angrily and thrust his sword at the men in black. The man in black immediately turned back to fight.

At this moment, several more screams came. This time, among the people who died, there were disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and those men in black. However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who defeated the men in black were It is impossible to attack other men in black, but those in black who have defeated the Blood Killing Sect disciples can attack other Blood Killing Sect disciples, but they can only attack those Blood Killing Sect disciples who are guarding them. The Blood Killing Sect disciples who were being torn apart were unable to attack, because this curse required fairness. This fairness was not only applied to the Blood Killing Sect disciples, but also to the men in black.

Those men in black are very strong, but their natural ability, atomization, seems to have been suppressed by the curse technique, so they cannot atomize. They can only fight head-on with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, or It is precisely because of this that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect gradually gained the upper hand. After all, the number of Blood Killing Sect disciples was greater than the enemy.

Although this kind of curse pursues a kind of fairness, it is only relatively fair. As long as you are one-on-one, there will be no restrictions on the curse technique, and it will not matter whether you use wheel fighting or not. The men in black are all members of the Shadow Clan, and they will get tired. Therefore, even if the masters among them defeat the first Blood Killing Sect disciple, they will still suffer a great loss when facing the second Blood Killing Sect disciple. Just like this, when Zhao Hai's Jianguang River was entangled with Aunt Gongsun's Jianguang River, the winner of the following battle was almost decided.

After the last man in black was killed by a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, the two sword-light rivers finally had the most violent collision. Then a bang was heard, and then both sword-light rivers disappeared. Zhao Hai and Gongsun Auntie stood about twenty meters apart with swords in hand. Both of them were angry and did not change their expressions.

Aunt Gongsun looked at Zhao Hai with shining eyes, and said loudly: "What a great swordsmanship, let's see my "General Pei's Full House"." After saying this, Aunt Gongsun moved and rushed towards Zhao Hai. , and at the same time, the long sword in her hand stabbed directly at Zhao Hai's chest. Zhao Hai moved to avoid the move and stabbed back with the sword.

But Aunt Gongsun's figure moved, and the next moment she appeared behind Zhao Hai, stabbing Zhao Hai in the back of the heart with a sword. The skill of this move completely exceeded everyone's imagination. The sword that attacked Zhao Hai seemed to have not disappeared at one moment, but at the next moment Aunt Gongsun had appeared behind Zhao Hai. This shocked Zhao Hai. He moved and rushed forward. , let go of this sword.

But Mrs. Gongsun was too polite, so she moved her body and stabbed towards Zhao Hai with one sword after another. Zhao Hai was dodging left and right, struggling to cope. Wen Wenhai and the others who watched the two fighting were also extremely surprised, because they saw that there seemed to be countless Gongsun aunts suddenly appearing in the field. These Gongsun aunts were all attacking Zhao Hai with swords, and all of them were attacking Zhao Hai. The sword power of each move was different, as if countless Gongsun aunts were attacking Zhao Hai with their swords at the same time, blocking all Zhao Hai's ways of advance and retreat. Apart from being stabbed, Zhao Hai seemed to have no other options. There is no other way.

The most important thing is that this set of swordsmanship is very sharp, just like a brave general fighting with the enemy. Each swordsmanship does not seem to change much, but with one strike of the sword, it goes straight to Zhao Zhao. Hai's vital point, this sword technique with full sword energy, was much stronger than the Xihe sword she had used before, which surprised Wen Wenhai and the others.

Until now, Zhao Hai and Aunt Gongsun have fought against each other, but there has been no artistic conception blessing. Just like when Zhao Hai used the eight bloody battle styles before, there would usually be rivers of blood, mountains of corpses and other sword movements. This is a kind of artistic conception blessing, because Zhao Hai has already mastered the Eight-Style Sword Intention of the Bloody Fight, so every move he makes will be blessed by this artistic conception. The attack power of the sword technique blessed by this artistic conception will be even more powerful.

However, this situation has never happened between Zhao Hai and Aunt Gongsun until now. This does not mean that Aunt Gongsun’s swordsmanship cannot reach the level of blessing of artistic conception, nor does it mean that Zhao Hai’s mastery of the divine machine reaches the level of Not to the point of artistic conception blessing, when Zhao Hai pointed with the magic machine before, artistic conception blessing appeared. There is no reason why it should not appear when using the sword.

This can only be said that the abilities of the two of them have been suppressed. Where the two of them fight, there is no possibility of artistic conception blessing. Even if their sword skills are good, there is no possibility of artistic conception blessing, because they have The laws of heaven and earth do not allow it, so although the swordsmanship of the two of them is very good, there has never been any artistic blessing.

But this time, the swordsmanship used by Aunt Gongsun was a bit unexpected, because countless Aunt Gongsun seemed to appear in the field at once. This situation seemed to be blessed by artistic conception, but everyone with a discerning eye knew that this was not artistic conception. The blessing was due to Gongsun Dajing's sword moves, or it could also be said to be her body skills.

While resisting Aunt Gongsun's attack, Zhao Hai observed her carefully. He also discovered that the moves Aunt Gongsun was using might be related to his body skills. In this case, if he also used his body skills to deal with her, , it's not impossible, but now he has fallen into a disadvantage. It's not good to use this move. Then he can only use other moves, which is the simplest move. When he thinks of this, Zhao Hai immediately gets angry. He shouted: "Okay, look at my move, there is no leakage of the sword formation." Following his voice, the long sword in his hand turned, and in an instant, countless Tao sword lights suddenly appeared around him, These sword lights slowly separated, and in the blink of an eye, where he and Lady Gongsun were fighting, groups of sword lights appeared. There were eighteen groups of sword lights in total, surrounding the place where they fought, and Every ball of sword light is actually offensive.

Those Gongsun aunts in the field will disappear as soon as they encounter the sword light. In the end, except for one Gongsun aunt, all the other Gongsun aunts disappeared, and the remaining Gongsun aunt is naturally the true form of Gongsun. With a flash of sword light, she rushed out of the sword light and stood there holding the sword.

When Aunt Gongsun rushed out of the sword light formation, Zhao Hai also put away his long sword and stood there holding the sword, looking at Aunt Gongsun. Aunt Gongsun's eyes flashed, she looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Okay , your swordsmanship is really good, you actually saw the flaw in my swordsmanship, and defeated my swordsmanship in one fell swoop, but don't be complacent, come and see my move." After that, he struck out with another sword. He stabbed towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai also understood what Aunt Gongsun meant. Aunt Gongsun's "General Pei Full House" was too much about body skills. Once the body skills and body skills were launched, they could not stop or slow down, so her sword was It was constantly changing, which made her sword's attack power somewhat lacking. Zhao Hai also saw this, so he directly used the Wu Leak Sword Formation move. The attack power of this move was In fact, there are some scattered moves. It is a group attack move, but it is perfect for breaking Gongsun Auntie's "General Pei's Full House".

This time Aunt Gongsun was attacking with the sword. It seemed normal, but Zhao Hai was very careful. Aunt Gongsun was a master of swordsmanship. Her swordsmanship was definitely not inferior to that of Zhao Hai, so Zhao Hai did not dare to Taking it lightly, he immediately raised his sword to meet him.

The two were getting closer and closer. When they were still five feet apart, the long sword in Gongsun's hand flew out and flew straight towards Zhao Hai. The sword came very suddenly and completely unexpected. To Zhao Hai's surprise, Zhao Hai did not expect that Aunt Gongsun would throw out the long sword in his hand to attack him. You must know that due to the restriction of the power of the curse, they could not use flying swords. Now Aunt Gongsun threw out the long sword. Doesn't attacking him mean that she has to give up her weapon? Fighting against a master like Zhao Hai, if she gave up her weapon, she would definitely die.

But no matter what, now she suddenly threw the long sword out to attack Zhao Hai, which really caught Zhao Hai off guard. Zhao Hai moved the long sword in his hand to the side, trying to deflect Aunt Gongsun's sword. , and at the same time, his figure stopped involuntarily and took a step back.

Zhao Hai originally thought that he could easily push away the long sword flying towards him, but what he didn't expect was that although the long sword was pushed away, it turned in a circle and still attacked him. This made Zhao Hai Hai Da was surprised. He really didn't know what was going on. Couldn't he use flying swords? How come her sword can move as freely as a flying sword?

Zhao Hai did not use the flying sword technique rashly. He felt that there was something wrong with it. If he used the flying sword technique to attack Gongsun Auntie, and the flying sword was not allowed to be used here, then he would be like a long sword. Throw it out, and the long sword can only be used as a flying knife, which has no power. Although he can get a long sword right away, he doesn't know that under the power of this curse, he Whether the newly acquired long sword can be used, whether he can still use this method to attack Aunt Gongsun, so he did not use the Flying Sword Technique rashly, but carefully observed Aunt Gongsun.