c7017 Heavy riding

The disciples at the back of the Blood Killing Sect kept rushing forward, because people kept falling down in front of them. When someone fell, someone would be on top of them, and the position of the person on top would be vacant, and someone else would have to be on top of them from behind. On, in the end, this progress will be passed to the rear, and they will keep moving forward.

Zhao Hai looked at the disciples who kept moving forward and knew how intense the battle on the front line had become. However, he did not say anything. Instead, he turned to Wen Wenhai and said, "How are the preparations for the orc cavalry?" There was a battle between the orc cavalry and King Lanling's elite cavalry. Although they had to lose nearly 7,000 people before they could stop King Lanling's cavalry, in any case, they finally defeated King Lanling's cavalry. It was blocked. You must know that King Lanling's elite cavalry is not that easy to block. This shows how powerful the orc cavalry is. Their cavalry really has to fight for their lives. I am afraid that even the alien cavalry may not be able to block it. live.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai discovered another way to use the orc cavalry, which is heavy cavalry. It is completely heavy cavalry. Both people and mounts are covered with heavy armor, and all the weapons used are heavy weapons. , looks like armored chariots. The ground will tremble during this run. Such heavy armored cavalry is the position of the Blood Killing Sect for the orcs. The most important role is to When the time comes, rush out and give the enemy the most fatal blow.

The impact of these heavy armored cavalry is very amazing, but they also have a shortcoming, that is, they are not flexible enough. Although both people and mounts are covered with heavy armor, these heavy armors are all incarnated from outside the body, and there is no heavy weight. , but heavy armor is not heavy armor. The reason why heavy armor is called heavy armor is because the armor is very thick, and thick things have a great impact on people's flexibility, so the impact of these heavy armored cavalry is enough , but the flexibility is a bit lacking.

If the enemy they face is an enemy from the world of cultivation, there will be no problem. They can withdraw their heavy armor at any time so that it will not affect their actions. But the enemy they face now is a curse. If they dare to take back the heavy armor in the illusion created by the power of the curse, the power of the curse will dare to make them withdraw from this battle, and will also make them cursed. Although for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, There will be no impact, but it is impossible for them to participate in this war.

It is precisely because of this that the heavy armored cavalry of the orcs cannot be used unless it is critical. Zhao Hai also told Wen Wenhai. When Wen Wenhai heard Zhao Hai's question, he immediately said: "Boss , you don’t have to worry, there is no problem, everything is ready, and when they need to attack, they will definitely attack, and nothing will happen."

Zhao Hai nodded, then sighed softly and said: "The loss this time will not be small, but we don't know what kind of enemies we will encounter next time. Now these enemies are becoming more difficult to deal with. I don’t know what we will face in the end.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Boss, this is inevitable. No matter what, someone will sacrifice. Fortunately, our disciples all have several lives. If they died in the battle here, they only lost one life. They still have Being able to become the undead clan is a good thing for them. Although there will be some changes in the training methods, the undead clan of our Blood Killing Sect is different from the undead clan of other sects. They are not afraid of light, and they will not have any problems turning into monks. Although their strongest fighting appearance is still that of the undead clan, the restraint techniques that are useful for the undead clan are useful to them. It is said that it is of no use, which is already very good."

Zhao Hai nodded, but in the end he sighed softly and said: "That is also a loss. Although it seems that there is no difference between the undead clan and us, in fact there are still some differences, but fortunately, our blood The undead clan of the Killing Sect are the same as the ordinary disciples. There is no difference at all. After this incident, our Blood Killing Sect will undergo a completely different change. This is for us. It’s also a good thing.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, but Zhao Hai did not tell him that if this was really the Tianlong Babu as he thought, then they would have to go through six more interfaces like this, but they just didn’t know , what the next few interfaces will be like, no matter what they are, one thing is certain, it is not easy for them to get through those interfaces, Zhao Zhao Hai is very clear, but he has not yet told Wen Wenhai and the others that he still needs to make final confirmation. If they take down this interface, they will see a statue like Feitian here again, and the statue And it was really Jinnuluo's, so it wouldn't be too late for him to tell Wen Wenhai and the others the news.

The fighting outside is still going on, and the number of casualties on both sides is still increasing. After all, the fighting power of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is stronger. They are all monks. Even if their strength is suppressed to a certain extent, it is not The illusion created by the curse can be compared.

In fact, Zhao Hai believes that his biggest gain in this space should be the curse that can create an illusion. This curse is so powerful that they can create a real illusion, but if you If you don't follow his rules, you won't be able to conquer this illusion, and there is no way to break this curse. The only way to break this curse is to follow their rules and defeat the people in the curse. If you If you don't follow his rules and use monk methods to attack him, you will be cursed. If you don't attack him or break him, then you will be trapped by him and will never be able to leave. Even Zhao Hai I have already thought that if it goes on for a long time, you will still be attacked by him.

This kind of curse can be said to be a curse that Zhao Hai has never seen before. Zhao Hai has also seen many curses in the past, targeting individual people and a group, but these curses are incomparable to this kind of curse. This kind of curse is the most overbearing one. Of course, the conditions for the formation of this curse are also very harsh. This kind of curse not only contains the power of Buddha, but also the power of law, which completely integrates the power of law. To the curse, this is what makes this curse so powerful.

Only the Blood Killing Sect can break this curse. If it were anyone else, not to mention breaking this curse, I'm afraid they would have died countless times now. Even the Blood Killing Sect would not be able to break this curse. This curse requires a heavy price to pay, otherwise it would be absolutely impossible to break the curse.

The battle outside has been very fierce, and the day has passed quickly, but the battle has never stopped. The casualties of the Blood Killing Sect disciples have exceeded one million. This is because their armor is very powerful. If their armor was not strong enough, there would only be more casualties.

The Han army on the opposite side suffered more casualties. Faced with this situation, Zhao Hai had no other way. This was a head-to-head battle, and the battle was all about attrition. Let's see who will lose in the end. Time passes. The moment passed, and quickly, three days passed. During these three days, the two sides had been fighting, and they never stopped for a moment.

The casualties of the Blood Killing Sect have now reached an astonishing five million, which can be said to be the biggest casualties of the Blood Killing Sect. However, the orc heavy cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect have not attacked. They have been waiting at the rear calmly. Although they were very anxious, they did not dare to attack without orders.

Zhao Hai is also very clear about this situation, but he has never let the orc cavalry charge. He is just waiting for the most suitable opportunity to let the orc cavalry attack and defeat the Han army on the opposite side in one fell swoop. But now It was not the time. Even Wen Wenhai and the others knew very well that now was not the time for the orcs to attack with heavy cavalry.

A leading general must not be soft-hearted. They know that their disciples are dying in battle all the time, but they must not let the orcs re-mount to attack at this time. The orcs only have one chance to re-mount. If they can't kill them in one fell swoop this time. If the enemy is defeated, then they will have to pay a greater price, because after this time, the enemy may be prepared, and by that time, it will be more difficult for them to defeat the enemy.

Another three days have passed. From the beginning of the war to now, a full six days have passed. The armies of both sides are still fighting. Now the killings of the Blood Killing Sect have reached the level of nearly 20 million, and the big man The casualties of the army have also reached about 100 million. The ratio of casualties of one to five is actually very illustrative. They are still disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and are more powerful. But this is useless. What they are facing now, They are a group of enemies without intelligence. They are just illusions and curses. They will not be afraid. As long as the standards for breaking the curse are not met, the curse will not be heard.

However, in Zhao Hai's view, the time is almost ripe. After so many days of fighting, the battle lines between the two sides can be said to be criss-crossed, and every inch of ground is being repeatedly fought for. However, in this process, the Blood Killing Sect They also completed the deployment of the army. They assembled large armies in several places. These armies were all cavalry. The alien cavalry from the Blood Killing Sect, the orc cavalry, and some ordinary cavalry were all assembled, ready to attack the enemy at any time. Final attack.

These cavalry are led by the orc cavalry. The other cavalry will follow and will be divided into eight directions to attack the enemy's army and defeat the enemy in one fell swoop. This is their only chance. As long as these cavalry can separate the enemy, Then the Blood Killing Sect's army can take the opportunity to attack and wipe out all the enemies in one fell swoop.

Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all ready and waiting for orders from Wen Wenhai and the others. The reason why Wen Wenhai and the others have not given orders yet is because they are still waiting. They are still not ready at the last moment. As long as Once this last bit is ready, they can proceed, and it won't be too long.