c7012 Aunt Gongsun

After summarizing, Zhao Hai discovered that there were actually not many areas for improvement in the Blood Killing Sect. They had prepared everything they could, but war is war, and as long as it is war, people will die, especially when you face When it is a group of very fierce enemies, if you still want to eliminate them with zero casualties, it is absolutely impossible. Therefore, the casualties of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect this time are actually necessary and impossible to avoid.

Zhao Hai also knew that he was a little too striving for perfection. He had always wanted to completely avoid casualties, but obviously, this was impossible. He just didn't know what kind of enemy they would face next. , he was very curious. Now that King Lanling has come out, how strong will the enemies behind them be? Do they want to defeat all the powerful armies in ancient China? impossible?

However, Zhao Hai is also very clear that as long as they wait for about ten days, they will almost know who their next enemy is. This has basically become a rule. It can be said that if they appear on the sound wave interface this time If this is not the Blood Killing Sect, but another sect, it is absolutely impossible to defeat the people here in the Sound Wave Interface, because the people here are too strong, and after each battle, there is only ten days of rest time. This is too short. If there weren't so many members of the Blood Killing Sect, it might not be able to block the enemy's attack at all.

Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who participated in the battle of King Lanling are resting, and the new batch of disciples are ready to face the enemy. No one of the Blood Killing Sect disciples is afraid, but on the contrary, everyone seems to be scared. Very happy, as if they really wanted to face the enemy earlier.

Zhao Hai is actually very satisfied with the performance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must have this kind of momentum. They must be warlike. Being warlike is actually a kind of enterprising spirit. The Blood Killing Sect provides them with Everything needed for training, even actual combat training, can be carried out through real illusions, but after all, it is just a real illusion, not a real enemy, so they still have to go through actual combat. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect avoid If they fight, the Blood Killing Sect will be over. A sect that has lost its enterprising spirit will definitely slowly decline.

Ten days later, before the news came back from Wulong, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already ready to face new enemies at any time. However, what surprised Zhao Hai was that they had not received any news from Wulong. This made Zhao Hai a little curious. Didn't the enemy come to attack them?

Zhao Hai was a little puzzled, but he was not in a hurry, nor were the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They were just arranging their formations and waiting quietly. This was nothing to the monks, as long as the enemy came, They just need to fight. If the enemy doesn't come, they can just stand there and practice, and nothing will happen to them.

Just when Zhao Hai thought that the enemy might not show up for a few days, Zhu Yong suddenly came to Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "Master, there is news about Wulong. Take a look." After that, he handed a piece of jade. The jade slip was given to Zhao Hai, but his expression was a little strange. It was obvious that he had read the contents in the jade slip, and the contents in the jade slip made him a little incredible.

Zhao Hai took the jade slip and took a look at the contents. When he saw the contents, his expression became strange. He then said: "One person? Is there really only one person? "Zhao Hai asked curiously. He would not doubt Wulong's news, but this news was too surprising.

At this time, a sound of silk and bamboo came. This sound was very beautiful. And with this sound, the shadow clan rules outside the Blood Killing Sect's territory completely disappeared, and a figure slowly appeared in the blood. There is really only one person outside the killing sect's territory.

This woman is a very beautiful woman. This woman is wearing a skirt. She looks very beautiful, but outside her body, she is wearing a scarlet cloak, and in her hand, she is holding a A long sword. This long sword looks very beautiful. The scabbard is full of gems. You can tell at a glance that it is not ordinary.

She has a beautiful appearance, a pleasant appearance, a graceful and charming appearance, but there is a trace of heroic spirit between her eyebrows. The whole person feels very special. She is like in her hands. Like the sword, it looks luxurious, but there is a hint of sharpness in it.

She came with the sound of silk and bamboo, and with the snow-white pure land around her, her whole body was like a bright red on the white paper, so conspicuous. Although she was only one person, she attracted everyone. With eyes wide open, she stopped about a hundred meters away from the protective cover of the Blood Killing Sect. She glanced at everyone with her beautiful eyes, and then opened her red lips and said softly: "Aunt Gongsun, bring all the disciples here to ask for advice." Following her voice. Suddenly, a group of people appeared behind her. They were all dressed in black, and each of them held a long sword in their hands. They suddenly appeared behind Aunt Gongsun.

When he saw those men in black, Zhao Hai couldn't help but froze, and then he murmured: "They are actually Shadow Clan people. I didn't expect those Shadow Clan people to act together with Gongsun Auntie. This is even more interesting." Zhao Hai said. Hai could clearly feel that the men in black were all Shadow Clan members, and they were the Shadow Clan people who could walk freely in the shadows, which surprised him a little.

But even if Aunt Gongsun adds those Shadow Clan people, the number is not very large, less than 10,000 people in total. Could it be that the other party just sent these people to deal with them this time? This doesn’t make sense, right? Are they all experts? If the opponent is not a master, if the Blood Killing Sect's army presses forward, those people may be doomed.

Zhao Hai looked at Aunt Gongsun and the people behind her, and was slightly startled. Then he said: "It seems that we can no longer use the army in this battle. I am afraid that the attack of the army will be of no use to them. Wen Hai, select a group of The masters of swordsmanship in the sect came out and at the same time sent out an army to try and see if the attack of the army was of no use to them."

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately went to make arrangements. The matter of selecting people from the sect was left to Chang Jun, but Wen Wenhai had already sent a team of cavalry and a team of infantry to attack Aunt Gongsun and the others. , but the result was just as Zhao Hai thought, the attacks of the cavalry and infantry were of no use to Gongsun Auntie and the others. They could not hit each other at all, and they were also cursed. If it were not for The reason for the change in the Yin and Yang Thunder Pond is that they have been cursed. Although the curse has been lifted, they still cannot hit Aunt Gongsun.

While these two were attacking, Aunt Gongsun had been standing there with a calm face, but her eyes were looking in the direction of Zhao Hai, and she said softly: "Don't you want me to come and give you some advice in person?" Her voice sounded. A little cold, but also very sharp, he even looked directly at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then smiled bitterly and said: "Well, it seems that this battle is coming for me, I'm afraid you can't help." This Aunt Gongsun and other cursed illusions he had seen The people here are very different. Others can't speak, but this Gongsun lady can speak, and her target is Zhao Hai.

What surprised Zhao Hai even more was the men in black standing behind Aunt Gongsun. They were obviously members of the Shadow Clan, but when he sent people to test them before, they also stood there like Aunt Gongsun. , motionless, but none of the cavalry and infantry of the Blood Killer Sect could attack them, which surprised Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai could understand that the people from the Blood Killing Clan couldn't attack Aunt Gongsun, but why couldn't they even attack those from the Shadow Clan? There are only two possibilities for this situation. One is that those people are not real Shadow Tribe people, but just Shadow Tribe people created by the illusion. The other is that those people are Shadow Tribe people, but this curse is very special. It can protect those Shadow Clan people, that's why this situation happened.

To be honest, Zhao Hai prefers him to be the first possibility, because if it is the first possibility, it will be easier to solve, but if it is the second possibility, it will be too terrible. This kind of thing can turn people into part of the curse. The curse is really terrible. If the Shadow Clan people really created this curse, it would not be a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, Wen Wenhai had also selected a group of disciples who were good at swordsmanship. He turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, let the disciples give it a try. If they can succeed, then naturally you won't need to take action. If they really can't succeed, it won't be too late for you to take action by then."

Zhao Hai glanced at Wen Wenhai and then at the others. Everyone else also looked at Zhao Hai. Apparently they all had the same opinion. Zhao Hai had no choice but to nod his head and said: "Okay, then you can go. Give it a try." Wen Wenhai responded and immediately gave the order for those disciples to attack.

Those disciples were all swordsmen in the Blood Killing Sect. They learned swordsmanship. As soon as they received the order, they immediately killed Gongsun and the others. Their speed was very fast and they quickly arrived at Gongsun's side. Then several swords stabbed directly at Aunt Gongsun.

However, Aunt Gongsun stood there motionless, as if she had not seen the swords, and kept looking in the direction of Zhao Hai, as if in her eyes, there was no one else, only Zhao Hai existed. , and as expected, the swords of those disciples all passed through Gongsun Dashen's body. Gongsun Dashen stood there like a shadow, which was really surprising.

Zhao Hai sighed softly and said: "Sure enough, they can't attack Aunt Gongsun. This time their target is me. It doesn't matter, I will go meet them and see what Aunt Gongsun is capable of." After finishing Zhao Hai, he was ready to jump off Xuanwu Island to meet Aunt Gongsun.

At this time, a sudden change occurred, and they saw the men in black standing behind Aunt Gongsun. They suddenly drew out their long swords and attacked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They were a little relaxed at first, but they were no longer able to The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect instinctively felt the danger if there was any threat, so they drew out their long swords and struck them like a long sword.