c7010 Fight to the death

Sure enough, without the Blood Killing Sect taking the initiative, several small teams rushed out from King Lanling's army and attacked the Blood Killing Sect's various formations. However, the effect was not very good. The defense of Sha Zong can be said to be watertight. It is impossible for the opponent to test the weak defense there. .

After a battle, King Lanling found that there were no flaws in the Blood Killing Sect's army, so he gave up the temptation and began to order the entire army to attack. He saw that King Lanling's army was also lined up in a large formation, slowly Slowly advancing forward, and the Blood Killing Sect's army also began to slowly advance forward, the two sides getting closer and closer.

The crossbowmen of the Blood Killing Sect had already reached the front of the team. They were holding crossbows and waiting for the enemy to come within their shooting range. Soon King Lanling's army arrived at the Blood Killing Sect's formation and faced about 110 miles away. At the same place, the crossbowmen of the Blood Killing Sect all fired their own crossbow arrows.

After shooting this arrow, they immediately loaded the crossbow, and then shot another arrow. During this process, King Lanling's army never stopped advancing, and soon they had reached the Lixue Killing Sect's army. About three hundred meters away, the crossbowmen of the Blood Killing Sect had just fired three arrows.

Just when the soldiers of the Blood Killing Sect loaded new arrows on their soldiers and were about to shoot, they saw arrows flying all over the sky in the opponent's formation. These arrows flew straight towards The blood-killing sect's army shot over, and the blood-killing sect's army had already thought of this. All the sword and shield soldiers raised their big shields, but the spearmen shook the spears in their hands, and Mo Mo The swordsmen just stood there, motionless. The heavy armor on their bodies could block all long arrows.

Both sides did not stop. After three more rounds of shooting, the soldiers of the Blood Killing Sect retreated to the rear of the army and then attacked the enemy. The enemy's archers did not stop shooting either. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, faced with such shooting, suffered very few casualties. Almost no one died, and only a few were injured. The armor defense of the Blood Killing Sect was really not a joke, theirs The strength of blood steel is not comparable to that of ordinary metals.

Soon the armies of both sides collided with each other. The Blood Killer Sect still used Mo Dao soldiers to open the way, but the other party used spear soldiers as the front line. The attack range of their spears was indeed farther than that of Mo Dao soldiers, but The defensive power of the heavy armor worn by Mo Dao soldiers is indeed too strong. They are as if they were put into an iron can. Moreover, their heavy armor is also very distinctive in design. On their heavy armor, there are With a slight bevel, even if the spear pierced their heavy armor, it would not be able to pierce their heavy armor at once. In addition, those Mo Dao soldiers did not just stand there without fighting back. Their Although Mo Dao can't attack the enemy now, it can still block the enemy's spear, so the attack is still very fierce.

Soon the Mo Dao soldiers ran into those spear soldiers. Once they reached the attack range of the Mo Dao soldiers, things became simple. The opponent's spear soldiers could not stop the Mo Dao soldiers' attack at all. The Mo Dao soldiers were indeed a very powerful weapon. A powerful unit, their defense power is astonishing, and their attack power is also very amazing. Although they also have shortcomings such as slow movement speed, the power they can exert on such a head-on battlefield is extremely huge. of.

But the army under King Lanling was not that easy to deal with. They were all elite, and they were also very proficient in battle formations. The two sides were entangled together, and the cavalry from both sides also made several attacks, but the effect was None of it was too good. The Blood Killer Sect was prepared, and so was the opponent. The two sides fought to the same point.

King Lanling's central army has not moved, his flag has always been erected there, and the five hundred elite cavalry have not moved. He just looked at the battle ahead coldly, with no intention of taking action. Of course, If they don't move, the orc cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect won't move either.

Zhao Hai stood on the back of Xuanwu Island, looked at King Lanling in the army, smiled slightly and said: "It is indeed very strong, but it is a pity that they still underestimated the strength of our Blood Killing Sect. The combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect is much higher. We are much stronger than them, and there is no way they can defeat us.”

Wen Wenhai also nodded, but his face was solemn. He said: "This is just the third group of enemies. They are already so strong. How strong will the enemies that appear now be? I really It’s a bit unimaginable, boss, it seems we have to be more careful.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Actually, we don't have to prepare anything now, because we have already prepared what we should prepare. If we still lose in this situation, it only means that our strength is not as good as Enemy, but I believe that our Blood Killing Sect’s combat effectiveness is definitely not weaker than that of the enemy, and we can definitely defeat the enemy.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. Zhao Hai looked at King Lanling and said in a deep voice: "I'm afraid this war won't be able to stop in a short time. In addition to paying attention to their five hundred elite cavalry, we must pay attention to other places." We don’t need to worry about that much, but our two wings must be well defended. The enemy may surprise us and attack our two wings, so we must be careful.”

Wen Wenhai responded, and then said: "I have already made arrangements, boss, you don't have to worry, boss, why don't you go back and rest for a while, if you really have to fight for a few days, then There is no need for us all to stay here. It seems that the enemy will not attack us in any other way, so there is no use for us to stay here."

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "It is true that there is no need to guard here all the time, but we cannot take it lightly. We must be careful. Don't forget that the enemy is still the Shadow Clan, and they can do whatever they want in the shadows. To be honest, this ability is really a headache for people, and we must pay attention to this."

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, but then his face became serious. He said in a deep voice: "I have almost forgotten them. Boss, you are right to remind us. We will definitely forget them. Those guys may not be able to remember them when." , will appear somewhere, we have not given them a chance during this period, otherwise they may have rushed out to attack us."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, just pay attention. If those guys really show up, tell me that I'm going to rest. Don't leave anyone here. Be sure to pay attention to the enemy's movements, especially Those five hundred fine cavalry, as soon as they move, the orc cavalry will immediately come up to meet them, and I have made a deal with those orc cavalry to keep them in the best condition at all times."

Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai led Laura and the others back to the Xuanwu space. He was really not too worried about the battle this time. He had just noticed that although King Lanling's army was not Less, about 500 million, but Zhao Hai does not believe that they will be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have all undergone rigorous training, and have conducted many actual battles in real illusions, and have actually participated in them. He was a veteran of hundreds of battles. If he could still be defeated against the army under King Lanling, it would be unreasonable. Zhao Hai did not believe that such a thing would happen.

The battle between the two sides has been continuing. Wen Wenhai has been guarding outside. At the same time, he has also prepared the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to rotate at any time. A battle like this that may last for several days cannot have no rotation at all. , that is impossible, no one can persist for that long, of course, King Lanling's army may persist for that long, that is because they are not real people, they are illusions created by the curse, they can naturally It took such a long time, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could not, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had to be rotated.

Wen Wenhai was also worried that King Lanling's 500 fine knights would suddenly attack. Zhao Hai attached so much importance to those 500 fine knights, which meant that those 500 fine knights must be very powerful. He could not possibly have something that Zhao Hai valued. He didn't pay attention to it, so he didn't dare to relax for a moment. He had already arranged that there must be five people in the command post, guarding here at all times, and he was the first group.

Facts have proved that what Wen Wenhai and the others thought was really right. This war was indeed not that easy to fight. For three days on one side, the two sides had been entangled. Although the Blood Killing Sect was advancing step by step, the progress was The speed is very slow. Almost every inch of the land is defended by the opponent. They are advancing inch by inch, but the opponent is retreating inch by inch. Such a battle is really too brutal. The Blood Killing Sect is now The casualties were already considerable. A full 100,000 people were killed in the battle, and even more were injured.

Of course, King Lanling's army suffered more deaths and injuries, but they had no intention of retreating. They were still fighting, and even if they retreated, they would retreat slowly, also because of the people in front of them. Everyone was dead, so they retreated, otherwise they wouldn't have taken a step back.

The war is still going on, and it is already the seventh day. In these seven days, the number of people killed by the Blood Killer Sect has reached one million, and the number of injured has reached tens of millions, and the people under King Lanling have , now more than 200 million people have been killed in the battle, and even more are injured. In other words, nearly half of King Lanling's army has been killed in the battle. Such casualties are already very surprising.

Chang Jun stood on the back of Xuanwu Island, his face solemn. He really didn't expect that the opponent would be so determined and would fight to the death. Although they have the upper hand now, the Blood Killing Sect disciples The casualties were not small. Although he knew that these disciples would be resurrected in the end, they lost one life after all, and this time a million disciples of the Blood Killing Sect lost their lives. This was something they never had. Thought-of.

But now that the battle has reached this point, they are no longer allowed to retreat. They must defeat the enemy. When they faced the Tengpai soldiers, they thought it was the most difficult battle they had ever experienced. , compared with the current situation, that is already good, which made Chang Jun sigh. Zhao Hai said at the beginning that the enemies they encountered would become stronger and stronger in the future, but they did not fully understand it. Now they But I completely understood it.