c7019 Tang Jun

Ten days passed in the blink of an eye, because this time they obtained a larger territory, so it took the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect five days to cover the entire territory with magic formations, that is, Said that they only have five days to rest and recuperate. Although the Blood Killing Sect disciples who have arranged the magic circle and are preparing to meet the enemy have not participated in the battle before, those disciples who participated in the battle have ten days to rest and recuperate, but they I don’t know how many enemies they will face this time. If there are too many, the resting disciples will not be able to rest. They can only face the enemies. In this way, the ten days of rest will seem too short. .

However, Zhao Hai was not too worried. He wanted to see who the enemy they were going to face this time. Soon, he already knew. Wulong sent back the news that this time they The number of enemies he faced did not seem to be as large as the last time he faced it, and he saw that among the enemy's army, there were two most important flags. One had the Chinese character Tang written on it, and the other had a big flag. On, a word Li.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel a headache when Wu Long said these two flags. Sure enough, the enemy he faced this time was even more difficult to deal with. The Tang army, it can be said that this is really Zhao Hai The last thing I wanted to face was an army, because the military might of the Tang Dynasty could be said to be unparalleled in ancient China. That is to say, after the Tang Dynasty, the combat effectiveness of the Chinese army slowly went downhill. Extremely weak.

Now he is about to face the most powerful army in ancient China. How can he not have a headache? What makes Zhao Hai even more headache is that the commander of the Tang army, among the troops opposite, has The word "Li" in the banner means that the commander should be named Li. In the Tang Dynasty, there seemed to be few commanders named Li who were good, especially in the early Tang Dynasty.

And Zhao Hai can now almost guess who the enemy he is going to face is, and he can also almost guess which song he is going to face this time. Don't forget that he is going to face Wu Wu now. , and in ancient China, especially in the Tang Dynasty, the most famous representative of martial arts was "The Music of the King of Qin Breaking the Formation".

The song "The King of Qin Breaks the Formation" is the most representative martial arts dance of the Tang Dynasty. Although it evolved from Li Shimin's victory over Liu Wuyi's battle, when this piece of music was composed, it was already the heyday of Zhenguan. , the great military power of the Tang Dynasty at that time was definitely unparalleled in the world, and this piece of music, as the military song of the Tang Dynasty at that time, its status can be imagined.

Now he has to face such an army. How can he not have a headache when the Tang army is at its peak? You must know that Mo Dao soldiers were only available in the Tang Dynasty, and among the Blood Killing Sect infantry, The strongest combatants may be the Mo Dao soldiers, which shows how powerful the Tang army is.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Wen Wenhai and the others and said: "Send the order and make complete preparations. The enemy we face this time is unprecedentedly powerful. Even if the number of enemies is not as large as the last time we faced it, It must not be underestimated. Also, after pulling out an orc heavy armored cavalry, the number should be at least 500,000. Let them be prepared. They cannot attack without my order. Go ahead." After that, he waved his hand towards Wen Wenhai. , Wen Wenhai responded and immediately went to make arrangements.

Zhao Hai had never been so nervous when facing several other enemies before. Now Zhao Hai is so nervous, which has made Wen Wenhai and the others feel that the enemies they have to face this time are definitely not simple, so Wen Wenhai Hai and the others also became nervous unconsciously.

The reason why Zhao Hai made such an arrangement was because he knew that the strongest combat force in the Tang army was not Mo Daobing, but the most famous army of the Tang Dynasty, Xuanjia Cavalry. It can be said that Xuanjia Cavalry It is the most famous army in the Tang Dynasty and the most elite cavalry army in the Tang Dynasty. It can be said that it is invincible and invincible in every attack. It is a trump card in Li Shimin's hand.

The Xuanjia Cavalry is actually a heavy cavalry. Both men and horses wear black heavy armor, and they charge unstoppably. It is said that Li Shimin defeated ten thousand enemies with a hundred cavalry, which was the battle that later became the demonstration of King Qin's Po Zhenle. The one who followed Li Shimin into the battle was Xuan Jiaqi.

You must know that a hundred cavalry can defeat ten thousand enemies. The important thing is defeat, which means defeating the enemy. Although the fifty thousand knights of King Lanling before succeeded in charging with him, they only broke through the enemy's formation and did not defeat the enemy. The enemy was killed and scattered, but Li Shimin defeated the enemy directly. This is the most terrifying thing.

Facing such an army, how could Zhao Hai dare to take it lightly, so he directly drew out 500,000 orc heavy armored cavalry and asked them to prepare. If the Black Armored Cavalry of the Tang Dynasty really charged into the formation, then He must have a corresponding cavalry to block the opponent's charge. There is no more suitable candidate than the orc heavy cavalry.

Wen Wenhai was ready in a short while and returned to the hall soon. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Okay, it's almost time. We should go out and have a look. Let's go." Everyone In response, they all stood up and followed Zhao Hai to the back of Xuanwu Island.

When Zhao Hai and the others appeared on the backs of Xuanwu Island, they saw the power of the Shadow Clan's laws outside the Blood Killing Sect being divided to both sides, and then an army came out. Everyone in this army was wearing black clothes. They were dressed in black armor. Walking at the front was a group of Mo Dao soldiers. They were all wearing heavy armor and holding Mo Dao in their hands. Behind them were sword and shield soldiers, spearmen, and cavalry. In the middle of the army, there was a group of Mo Dao soldiers. A team of cavalry. All the cavalry in this team are wearing heavy armor. The armor is all black. Both men and horses wear this kind of black heavy armor. When this cavalry moves, in addition to the sound of horses kicking, there are also other sounds. No sound could be heard, and it felt like a group of ghosts.

In front of this group of horses, there was a horseman. The man on this horse was also wearing heavy armor. The horse he was riding on was also wearing black armor. Behind him, there were two flag-bearing officers. These two flag-bearing officers They all held one hundred big flags in their hands. One big flag had the character Li on it, and the one hundred big flags had the character Tang written on it.

When the people of the Blood Killing Sect saw that there were Mo Dao soldiers in the opposite army, they were also stunned. Then their faces all showed solemn expressions. They knew how lethal this Mo Dao was. , now there are Mo Dao soldiers among the army on the opposite side, how can they not be surprised.

The opponent's army also saw the Blood Killing Sect's army. The leading knight didn't say anything, just waved his hand. Following his movements, the Mo Dao soldiers began to advance forward, and the army behind them also followed, and As soon as the Blood Killing Sect's army saw this situation, they immediately moved forward. Standing there and defending all the time was not the Blood Killing Sect's style. No matter what kind of enemy they encountered, they wanted to attack.

The two armies were getting closer and closer. The Mo Dao soldiers on both sides could clearly see each other. People on both sides all saw a hint of surprise in each other's eyes, and at the same time they also saw confidence in each other's faces. With their expressions, they all believed that they would be the victor in the end.

Getting closer and closer, the soldiers from both sides began to shoot at each other, but the Mo Dao soldiers didn't seem to see all of this. They didn't care about the arrows at all. They were the ones standing at the front of the entire army and the first to shoot. When the enemy fights, they don't care who the enemy is. They believe that they can defeat the enemy.

The two sides were soon about five meters apart. Needless to say, the Mo Dao soldiers on both sides exerted their strength at the same time. The Mo Dao soldiers slashed down in unison, striking each other in the air and making a clanging sound. The Mo Dao's attack distance was about two meters. Meter and a half, now the two sides are five meters apart, and they are not within the range of their own Mo Dao attack. However, both sides want to see how far the other party can use the Mo Dao, so they both attack directly, because they know, At this distance, although you can't attack the opponent's people, if the opponent also uses Mo Dao, then at this distance, you can attack the opponent's Mo Dao.

Because of such an attack from both sides, the army actually stopped. Suddenly, the front line was full of Mo Dao soldiers. When the Mo Dao soldiers on both sides were fighting, the Mo Dao soldiers on both sides were evenly matched. No one could do anything to the other. This made the Mo Dao soldiers on both sides , were all very surprised. They really didn't expect that the opponent's Mo Dao could be used so well.

The soldiers and bows and arrows of both sides were still shooting at each other, but the result was not very good. On the front line of both sides, the Mo Dao soldiers were still shooting at each other, but no one could take a step forward. This situation naturally fell on both sides. In the eyes of the coaches, when they saw this situation, the coaches of both sides became silent. They were all knowledgeable people and naturally knew what this meant.

Wen Wenhai looked at the situation on the front line and said to Zhao Hai: "Boss, this army is so powerful. In the past, when we fought against any army, no one could stop the attack of our Mo Dao soldiers. I never expected that now There are actually some Mo Dao soldiers, and they can even compete with our army, this army is powerful enough."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "This army is very powerful. If we defeat this army, our enemy will probably have the power of the cultivation world." The reason why Zhao Hai said this is because The combat effectiveness of the Tang Army is very strong. In ancient China, there were almost no troops with greater combat effectiveness than this army. This is because of the martial arts. After all, martial arts is music. There is no army that is more powerful than the Qin King's Breaking Formation Lezhong. The Tang army was still strong, but there were even fewer, so Zhao Hai believed that if they defeated this Tang army, their enemies might also change.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Boss, this time we defeated this army, can we fly in the future? Is that possible? Have you used some methods from the world of cultivation?" Wen Wenhai and the others have also been feeling very headaches these days. They clearly have great abilities but are not allowed to use them, which makes them feel extremely aggrieved. So now that they heard what Zhao Hai said, they They were naturally extremely happy to be able to use the power of the world of cultivation, because that meant that they could fully use their own power, and they would no longer be restricted. They really wanted to see it. At that time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will show great fighting power.