c7011 Go crazy

Just when Chang Jun was thinking about these things, he suddenly felt a coolness coming towards his face. Chang Jun was startled. He knew very well that this coolness was not a real coldness, but a murderous aura. He immediately Looking up, I found that the high-character banner had moved, and the five hundred fine knights had moved. Finally, after seven days, the five hundred fine knights finally moved. .

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, and then shouted loudly: "Orc cavalry, prepare to fight." After saying that, he immediately said to the communication array: "Sect Master, the enemy's elite cavalry has moved." Then he informed the news Although he is here now and can command all the troops in front with full authority, the enemy's elite cavalry has moved, and he must tell Wen Wenhai and the others, because Wen Wenhai and the others have been waiting for the enemy's cavalry to move out.

As soon as he put down the communication circle, he saw Zhao Hai appeared on the back of Xuanwu Island, and then Wen Wenhai and the others also appeared. Everyone looked solemnly ahead, and saw that the five hundred elites had already emerged from the enemy's base. In the middle of the formation, the army of the Blood Killing Sect was rushing straight towards them. Their indomitable momentum looked very amazing.

And here in the Blood Killing Sect, the orc cavalry army has all moved. They have not participated in the battle in the past few days. Without participating in the battle, they rested there to ensure their condition. Now it is finally time for them to go to battle. , they all looked very excited.

However, although they were very excited, they did not mess around. They still lined up in a neat formation and were moving forward unhurriedly. They knew that it was not the time for them to charge with all their strength. They were waiting for orders. Under the command of Chang Jun, the orc cavalry army faced directly against the five hundred elite cavalry of King Lanling.

The army under King Lanling obviously knew where King Lanling was going to attack, so the people there gave up a passage early, and the army of the Blood Killing Sect also received the order. Once they saw the opponent's The Jingqi attacked. They should not try to block in front. They could not block it. Even the spearmen had no intention of blocking the opponent. They immediately got out of the way, allowing King Lanling's army to rush directly. After passing the front line where the two sides were fighting, they rushed towards the territory of the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as they crossed the front line, the orc cavalry rushed over. The two cavalrymen collided directly. They saw the five hundred elite cavalry of King Lanling, under his leadership, like a sharp weapon. Like a sword, it pierced directly into the orc cavalry, like hot butter, and rushed away the orc cavalry. All the orc cavalry in front of them were defeated by them. , even killed on the spot.

The elite cavalry led by King Lanling had such fighting power that Zhao Hai and the others, who were standing on the back of Xuanwu Island, sighed. They were already mentally prepared for King Lanling's elite cavalry. They knew that they were very powerful, but they did not expect that this fine knight would be so powerful. This was completely beyond Zhao Hai's expectation.

However, Zhao Hai did not panic, but immediately said: "We are sending a group of cavalry out. If the orc cavalry cannot stop them, let the other cavalry advance. The alien cavalry is also ready to attack at any time." Wen Wenhai and the others all He responded and immediately went to get ready.

It is really strange to say that many units in the Blood Killing Sect cannot be used, but the alien cavalry is not affected in any way. They can still fight against the enemy. Obviously, such things as aliens should not appear. There, but he was not affected in any way, which surprised even Zhao Hai.

However, when Zhao Hai thought about it, he probably also thought that these aliens cannot actually be regarded as products of the world of cultivation, so there is nothing wrong with them appearing there. As for whether this is the reason, Zhao Hai doesn't know. But the alien cavalry can be used, that's for sure.

It was very easy for the Blood Killing Sect to mobilize troops. Soon a few of the Blood Killing Sect’s cavalry were ready. The last ones to be mobilized were the alien cavalry. They were all ready. If King Lanling’s five hundred fine cavalry , if they really broke through the ten thousand cavalry of the orcs, they would have to attack immediately.

King Lanling and his five hundred elite cavalry moved forward with overwhelming force. This shocked all the cavalrymen of the Blood Killer Sect. Then the eyes of the orc cavalry turned red. They were orcs. In the Blood Killing Sect, the combat effectiveness of their orc clan is definitely ranked high, but now they are beaten like this by five hundred cavalry. How can they not be angry? Those orc cavalry, one by one, They all roared and rushed towards King Lanling's five hundred cavalry. Each of them had blood-red eyes, as if they had completely lost their minds. However, their bodies actually increased a lot, and each of them became more and more... become stronger, this is exactly the phenomenon of their madness.

Orcs can go berserk, but the orcs in the Blood Killing Sect have not used this ability for a long time. Orcs going berserk is actually their instinct and a way to improve their combat effectiveness, but the orcs in the Blood Killing Sect have not used this ability for a long time. The orcs here in the Killing Sect have all become monks. They have magic power and can practice. This kind of power is much stronger than their madness. It is precisely because of this that the Blood Killing Sect The orcs have not turned mad for a long time.

But now these orcs have gone crazy. They are the orcs. The orcs have never lacked blood. When an equal number of orcs fight face-to-face with humans, the winner is often the orcs, because the orcs are more bloody. They would rather Even if you die in battle, you will never retreat. Sometimes, on the battlefield, such people who dare to fight hard will often win the final victory.

Although the orcs of the Blood Killing Sect will not go crazy under normal circumstances, they are still the orcs, and the blood in their bodies is still there. Now they have 10,000 people, but they are overwhelmed by the opponent's 500 people. It was such a chaos that the orcs could not bear it. It was precisely because of this that the bloody nature in the orcs' hearts was completely aroused, so they went crazy. Their eyes were blood red, and their bodies became taller. At this time, they completely forgot about fear. All they wanted was to kill the enemy in front of them.

So these orcs roared one by one and rushed towards King Lanling's knights. Their voices no longer sounded like human voices. Instead, they sounded like beasts roaring, and their mounts seemed to feel them. Everyone was in a roaring mood, and they rushed even more violently.

Zhao Hai heard the roars of the orcs, and he immediately understood the situation of the orcs, and then smiled slightly and said: "Hahaha, it seems we don't have to worry about those. King Lanling's elite cavalry may not be able to break through the orcs. The army is here." Zhao Hai knew very well that the orcs who had gone crazy were definitely not easy to deal with. Even if King Lanling's elite cavalry were strong, they would not be able to break through the orc army.

Just as Zhao Hai thought, King Lanling's elite knights rushed back and forth among the orc army, but after the orcs went crazy, their progress slowed down, and they were finally completely trapped by the orc army. In the formation, they were finally surrounded by an army of orcs. Everyone was killed, even King Lanling. He was stabbed off his horse by Ma Shan and died on the spot, while that Gao Gao The flying banner with high characters was also cut off on the spot.

At the moment when the high-character banner was cut off, all the troops of King Lanling who were still fighting against the Blood Killing Clan disappeared. Then the power of the Shadow Clan's laws shrank back once and for all, and the Blood Killing Clan The Zong's territory could be expanded again. Upon seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

To be honest, Wen Wenhai and the others really didn't expect that King Lanling's army would be so powerful. For so many days, they had been unable to defeat King Lanling's army. Although they had the upper hand, King Lanling's The army refused to retreat, and the attack power of the five hundred elite cavalry beside King Lanling was actually so strong. Although they were finally eliminated, of the ten thousand orc cavalry, only less than three thousand were intact now. , if the orcs hadn't gone berserk in the end, he might have really broken through the orc army.

Zhao Hai glanced at the battlefield, and after a while he said: "Okay, let's stabilize our territory and wait for the enemy to take action. This is the second wave of attacks. What we will face in the future The enemy will only become stronger, and maybe the Blood Killing Battle Fort will come in handy in the future, so go ahead and be prepared."

Wen Wenhai and the others all agreed, and then immediately went to prepare. In any case, they won this battle. They must secure their own territory. Only in this way can they face a more powerful enemy. . And Wen Wenhai and the others are also very clear that Zhao Hai's last words are not nonsense. What he said means that something like that will definitely happen, and those who can use blood to kill the battle fortress, that is to say, they will in the future How could they not be surprised in the face of an attacking force like that of the Cultivation World, so they had to be better prepared.

Zhao Hai returned to the Xuanwu space at this time. He really wanted to know what kind of enemy they would face next, but he really couldn't guess. After all, there were so many ancient songs to choose from. , who knows which one the enemy will use, but one thing is certain, the enemy's attacks will only become stronger and stronger.

However, Zhao Hai believes that no matter what kind of enemy they encounter, they will definitely be able to defeat them, so he is not very worried. He believes in himself and the Blood Killing Sect. The current Blood Killing Sect can definitely defeat any enemy. The enemy, no matter what kind of army the enemy sends, is the same.

The Blood Killing Sect lost a lot of disciples this time. Although all those disciples survived, they all lost their lives after all. If the enemies they face next time are ordinary enemies instead of gods, Demons and the like, that is to say, these disciples who lost their lives cannot participate in the battle. After all, they are all undead creatures now, so naturally they cannot participate in the battle. Although the Blood Killing Sect does not need them to participate in the battle, but Such a loss is still too great for the Blood Killing Sect, and it needs to be summed up properly.