c7015 Approval

Just when Zhao Hai was observing Aunt Gongsun's long sword, the sword was still attacking Zhao Hai non-stop. It was very flexible and looked like it was being held in Aunt Gongsun's hand. After careful observation, Zhao Hai Only then did I realize that Mrs. Gongsun was not using a flying sword, but another way of attack. This attack method was very strange, that is, she connected a thin line behind the long sword. This thin line The thread is very long. One end of the thin thread is tied to Aunt Gongsun's hand, while the other end is tied to the long sword. She relies on this long thin thread to control the long sword.

Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but breathed a sigh of relief. The opponent was not using a flying sword. It could be said to be a weapon. Zhao Hai was relieved. The long sword in Zhao Hai's hand danced and attacked Aunt Gongsun. The sword moves were resolved one by one. At the same time, he was also trying to find a way to break the opponent's sword control method.

At this time, Zhao Hai also remembered that among the swordsmanship that Aunt Gongsun became famous for, there was the swordsmanship "Jianqi Huntuo". He thought that this "Jianqi Hunduo" swordsmanship should be this kind of swordsmanship, and she The thin wire used to control the flying sword should not be simple, and may also be somewhat offensive.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai was ready to give it a try, so he moved the long sword in his hand and shouted: "The fairy scatters flowers." Following his voice, the long sword in his hand suddenly disappeared, and then a Dao's sword light suddenly fell from the sky. That's right, it just fell down. It looked like pieces of petals, falling gently from the sky. This kind of sword light made people feel intoxicated. But it's also something people have never seen before.

As long as those sword lights fell on Aunt Gongsun's long sword, Aunt Gongsun would feel as if her sword had been hit hard five times. The sword light also fell on the thin line behind Aunt Gongsun's sword. When the thin line trembled slightly, the sword light disappeared. However, even though the thin line only trembled slightly, it also caused the force of her long sword to change.

As more and more petals fell, Aunt Gongsun could no longer maintain the momentum of her sword. She could no longer attack and could only take a defensive stance. At the same time, her long sword returned to her hand, and she continued to Resisting those falling petals, the petals now look so beautiful, and at the same time they also carry such strong murderous intent.

After a while, the petals suddenly disappeared. Zhao Hai stood there holding the sword, and Aunt Gongsun also stopped at this time. She also stood there holding the sword. It took a while for Aunt Gongsun to put away the long sword in her hand, Looking at Zhao Hai, he then smiled slightly and said: "Sir, your swordsmanship is indeed superb, Gongsun admires it. You win this round, sir, and Gongsun admits defeat." After saying this, Aunt Gongsun slowly faded away. , but at this time, Aunt Gongsun's eyes were still looking at Zhao Hai. In those eyes, there was still a trace of smile, a trace of reluctance, and even a trace of the feeling of meeting a confidant.

Zhao Hai looked at Aunt Gongsun's slowly disappearing figure, and felt a sense of reluctance in his heart. He cupped his fists at Aunt Gongsun and said, "We all have great swordsmanship. It's Zhao Hai who took advantage. I really wish I could still fight Gongsun." Let’s discuss swords together, Gongsun, let’s go.” After saying that, he bowed to Gongsun’s wife.

And at the moment when Zhao Hai saluted Aunt Gongsun, who was slowly fading, Aunt Gongsun's eyes kept brightening, and then her figure suddenly turned into a white light, which shot straight towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai didn't even have time to hide, the white light disappeared from his body, and Zhao Hai felt his body shake, and the next moment he sat cross-legged on the ground.

Just when Zhao Hai sat down, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws retreated. When they saw this situation, Wen Wenhai and the others were shocked. They all moved and came to Zhao Hai's side. They wanted to see if something happened to Zhao Hai, but when they arrived at Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai opened his eyes and stood up.

As soon as they saw Zhao Hai standing up, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Boss, are you okay? What happened just now? Are you injured?" Wen Wenhai I am really afraid that Zhao Hai will be injured. If Zhao Hai is really injured, it will be troublesome, and the blow to the Blood Killing Sect will be too great.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said with a smile: "It's okay, I just got the recognition of the curse power. From now on, I can use the curse power at will. Let's go and take advantage of our newly acquired territory." Expanding, this time we not only broke the curse, but also killed many Shadow Tribe people. The number of Shadow Tribe people here is very small. Maybe those Shadow Tribe people are all the Shadow Tribe people in this space. , but we should not take it lightly. The disciples must be careful and have the necessary precautions.

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately went to make arrangements. He didn't ask much about Zhao Hai's situation. Zhao Hai said it was fine, so it would be fine. He was very confident in Zhao Hai. In fact, things are far from as simple as he imagined. Zhao Hai said that he got the approval of the curse. In fact, this is just a way of saying. It should be said that he got the approval of Gongsun Auntie, and it was precisely because he got the approval. Gongsun Auntie's approval, so Gongsun Auntie finally turned into white light and entered his body. This is also allowed by the laws of heaven and earth at this level of interface.

This level of interface was originally refined by the eminent monk to deal with the Shadow Clan people. It was also for training disciples. Therefore, as long as a disciple can pass the test here, there will be corresponding rewards. However, the eminent person has not yet When the reward is placed in this space, it is already dead. It can be said that the refining is still completed here, but there is another reward here, that is, as long as you get the recognition of that level of reward, you can get that School loyalty is a test object, and now Aunt Gongsun is using this method to recognize Zhao Hai as her master.

Zhao Hai already knew that Aunt Gongsun was actually a real sword spirit. Although he didn’t know if she was originally called Aunt Gongsun, she did have spirituality. It was precisely because of this that she could compete with Zhao Hai. Hai Diao, in the end, he can make his own decision and recognize Zhao Hai as the master. In fact, this kind of recognition of the master is almost not allowed in this space, but the original law of this space stipulates this, that is, the Shadow Clan There was no way to change the law, so this sword spirit took advantage of it.

As for the sword spirit of Gongsun Auntie, it is not that a sword has become spiritual, but a trace of sword intention has become spiritual. This is even rarer than a sword becoming spiritual. In the world of cultivation, a sword can become spiritual. There are actually many ways to use the spirit. Trapping some souls in a sword is a feasible method and a very common method. However, this method actually has some disadvantages, because the sword spirit created in this way will actually do a lot of damage to the spiritual intelligence. The sword spirit created in this way, even if it becomes a spirit, is very weak. They are rigid, or have some kind of disease.

Of course, there are also some swords that will develop spiritual wisdom on their own over time or by chance. Such sword spirits are very rare. Such sword spirits are definitely the best sword spirits. In the world of cultivation, they are like Sword spirits like this are very rare, and their power is much stronger than artificial sword spirits.

The conditions required for the sword spirit produced by the sword spirit are even more stringent. This kind of sword spirit cannot be produced by human power. There must be many conditions for the production of this kind of sword spirit. For example, there must be a very powerful sword intent. This kind of sword intent must be used by a master of swordsmanship who devotes all his energy and energy to use it. This kind of sword intent is long-lasting. .

Just being durable is not enough. This can only be regarded as a condition for becoming a sword spirit. Another condition is that the location of the sword spirit and the location of the sword spirit must have some effect on the power of the soul. To supplement the place, you can slowly run to produce the sword spirit and sword spirit. With these two items, it is basically impossible to produce the sword spirit and sword spirit.

And Aunt Gongsun is a sword spirit. No one knows how she was born, not even she herself. She only knows that he was brought here by an old monk and has stayed here ever since. As for her memory , her sword skills are all innate to her, she already knows it, so there is nothing surprising.

As for what Zhao Hai said, there may only be those Shadow Clan people in this space. It was Aunt Gongsun who told him that Aunt Gongsun, the Sword Spirit, has now entered the space. Originally, Aunt Gongsun wanted to integrate into Zhao Hai. in Zhao Hai's body, but as soon as she entered Zhao Hai's body, she was directly absorbed into the space.

Now Gongsun Auntie has begun to learn things in the world of cultivation. She is a swordsman, but she can practice it. After all, she is already a spirit. Of course she can practice it, and Zhao Hai is going to give it to When she prepares a body, she uses Buddha Power Metal to prepare a body for her. Of course, she also needs to get her an energy array incarnation, so that she has two lives and can be like a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Practice the same.

Of course, Zhao Hai didn't tell Wen Wenhai and the others, because they couldn't finish talking in a short while. The relationship between Zhao Hai and Gongsun Auntie is also a bit special. They are friends who cherish each other. This does not include the love between men and women. They just appreciate each other and have no other feelings. Of course, will there be other feelings in the future? It's hard to say if feelings arise between them, but after all, Aunt Gongsun is a monk who is like the incarnation of a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. If the two of them really have feelings, it will really be a bit troublesome.

But of course it was impossible to tell Wen Wenhai and the others about these things, but Zhao Hai told Laura and the others about these things, and told Laura and the others all the causes and consequences of the matter. Laura and the others are now in the space, talking to Aunt Gongsun. Chatting, and Aunt Gongsun's body is now ready, and now Aunt Gongsun is adapting to her body.

Zhao Hai ignored Aunt Gongsun and the others. His attention returned to the Blood Killing Sect. This time, their territory was expanding. In other words, they had to face new enemies again. Who knew the new enemies? Zhao Hai was a little curious and worried about who the enemy was. 8)