c7018 charge

"Attack." A calm order was finally issued. At the moment the order was issued, eight torrents suddenly rushed out from the Blood Killing Sect's army. The troops on the front line had also received the order. They He immediately made way for the army so that the torrent could rush out.

I saw countless tall horses, they were covered with heavy armor. On their backs, sitting a knight also wearing heavy armor, his weapon was a long horse pole, which was all heavy Weapons cannot be used by ordinary people. In addition to the horse, everyone also has a heavy shield and a heavy sword hanging next to the saddle. But these things have not been taken out yet. What they use is the horse. lance.

These orc cavalry were like a torrent of steel, rushing directly into the Han army. Although the men in the Han army held spears and wanted to block the impact of this torrent, it was a pity that they failed. The torrent was so powerful that all their spears were broken, but the torrent was still rolling forward, and all the enemies in front of them were turned into flesh.

The number of these heavy cavalry is not very large. Their most important role is to break down the enemy's defense line. When a gap is breached in the enemy's defense line, other cavalry will follow, and their weapons are longbows. These bows have a long range and are very powerful in attack. In addition to bows, they also have weapons in their hands. Their weapons are generally divided into three types, one is a long gun, one is a scimitar, and another But it is heavy weapons such as maces. They will attack with bows and arrows first, shoot all those who are organized to fight back to death, and then attack the enemy's army.

Behind this cavalry, there are also countless soldiers of the Blood Killing Sect. These soldiers are all sword and shield soldiers. They will follow the cavalry and rush directly into the enemy's formation to engage in close combat with the enemy because the distance between the two sides is very close. Ordinary spears and the like are useless. Only sword and shield soldiers can exert their greatest power.

The Han army had obviously never encountered such an attack by heavy cavalry. They had no way to deal with these enemies. It was the first time they encountered such an enemy, so they didn't know what to do at all, and they were rushed out by the heavy cavalry. A bloody road, and then the alien cavalry followed. Arrows rained down for a while, and the Han army was finally in chaos.

The swords, shields and swords that came out afterwards tore the hole wide open, and then countless Mo Dao soldiers rushed up. These Mo Dao soldiers had one characteristic. They only had half of the armor on their bodies, and their upper bodies were still heavy armor. But underneath, they only wore a pair of combat boots and no heavy armor, which made them move faster. They then formed a large group and rushed into the enemy's formation to kill them. This time the Han army became even more chaotic.

The heavy armored cavalry were running through the Han army, and nothing could stop them. The alien cavalry followed closely. They were no longer just shooting with bows and arrows, but were all holding their own heavy weapons. They kept attacking, and all the enemies in front of them were knocked to the ground by them.

The entire Han army was divided. How could the people of the Blood Killing Sect miss such an opportunity? The Mo Dao soldiers and the Sword and Shield soldiers quickly followed up. At the same time, they had to press the enemy on the front battlefield so that the enemy could not draw out more weapons. With more people coming to deal with the heavy cavalry, it can be said that the Han army was defeated this time.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he also let out a sigh of relief. He knew that this time the enemy was defeated and the enemy's curse was broken. However, he just didn't know when the enemy would consider it a failure. If half of them had to be wiped out. If people decide failure later, it will take a long time to fight.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking this, he suddenly found that the Han army on the battlefield disappeared. When he saw this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned. He didn't know what happened. Why did the Han army just disappear? It's not right to disappear after showing a defeated look. In previous battles, wasn't it considered a failure when more than half of the casualties were lost? Why is it considered a failure now?

Wen Wenhai and the others were also very puzzled. They also wanted to know what was going on. After many inquiries, they finally got an answer. A heavy armored cavalry broke through the enemy's army. They killed one and penetrated the enemy's formation. Just when they broke through the enemy's formation, the enemy disappeared.

Upon hearing the news, Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief. This is correct. What they are dealing with now is the curse of House of Flying Daggers. This curse of House of Flying Daggers has been broken out, so naturally it will It failed, which made sense, after all, it was just a curse.

Moreover, the attacks from all sides that Zhao Hai was worried about before did not appear. It can be seen that the opponent's curse technique is actually relatively rigid, so it is understandable that this situation will occur. Seeing the power of the Shadow Clan's law at once After retreating and giving up a huge territory, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately began to organize people to fight for the territory.

Zhao Hai was relieved at this time, but he did not return to the space. Instead, he stood on the back of Xuanwu Island and looked at the Blood Killing Sect disciples outside. This time, the Blood Killing Sect participated in the battle. The number of disciples has reached an astonishing around 40 billion. It is precisely because there are so many disciples participating in the battle that the enemy can be defeated in such a short period of time. If the number of people is small, it is absolutely impossible to defeat the enemy. of.

Now these disciples who participated in the war all returned to the Xuanwu Space to rest. This time, the disciples who did not participate in the war all came out of the Xuanwu Space and began to build magic formations on their newly occupied territories, completely transforming those territories. Cheng Xue killed the clan, but Zhao Hai didn't look happy now because he was worried.

Now that the enemy has launched an attack like House of Flying Daggers, and the Blood Killing Sect has lost so many people at once, what kind of enemy will they face next? Zhao Hai is really worried. You must know that the military power of this big Han is not that easy to face, and there are really not many troops that are stronger than the Han army.

But Zhao Hai has no choice. He simply doesn't know what kind of opponent the enemy will use to deal with him next, so he can only wait. Anyway, they will know in ten days, so they can only be prepared. , waiting for the enemy to make a move. To be honest, this feeling is not very good, but Zhao Hai did not let the disciples who had been killed with blood to attack. First, because the disciples who had fought before needed to rest, those who had not attacked now They are busy occupying the territory and have no way to attack. Secondly, Zhao Hai is worried that if he attacks, the enemy may attack in advance. He will release the enemies they need to face in ten days in advance. This is for them. To put it bluntly, it is very fatal. Now the Blood Killing Sect does not want to fight continuously.

Seeing the disciples of the Blood Slaughter Sect busy, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh, and then returned to the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect. Wen Wenhai and the others also returned to the main hall at this time, doing things like setting up magic circles. , there was no need for them to take personal command, so Wen Wenhai and the others returned to the main hall.

Zhao Hai glanced at Wen Wenhai and the others and said in a deep voice: "You have also seen what happened this time. The enemy we are facing now is already so strong. I really don't know what kind of enemy we will face next, but no matter No matter what, we all have to be careful and be fully prepared, because the enemy we will face next will definitely be more powerful."

Wen Wenhai and the others nodded, and Chang Jun said: "The number of enemies we have faced this time has been so great. I really don't know how many enemies we will face next time. If we face them next time, If there are more enemies, it will be really troublesome and our losses will be even greater."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Although the enemy's losses are greater than ours, the enemies are just curses after all, not real people. What I lost was the lives of our Blood Killing Sect disciples. Although they It can still be resurrected, but after all, a life has been lost, and such a loss is really too great."

Zhao Hai also said in a deep voice: "Yes, such a loss is really too great, but now we have no other choice. We cannot use some methods in the world of cultivation. If we can use those methods, our The loss will be smaller, but if those methods are not used, it will be very fatal. I just hope that a curse like this will disappear as soon as possible. When we can really use the methods of the cultivation world to deal with the enemy, what will happen? Maybe it will be different.”

Wen Wenhai and the others also smiled. Indeed, facing this situation, they had no good way to deal with it. This kind of situation related to the laws of heaven and earth made people really have no good way to deal with it. Even Zhao Haidu doesn't have a good solution, let alone them.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and said in a deep voice: "Okay, you don't have to think too much. Arrange for the disciples to rest. Those who are injured must be treated as soon as possible so that they can recover as soon as possible, because we don't We know how many enemies we will face next, so we must be careful." Wen Wenhai and the others all agreed and immediately went to make arrangements. They also knew that these disciples must be arranged well, otherwise morale may be affected. .

Zhao Hai frowned as he watched Wen Wenhai and the others leave. Such a battle was actually very stressful for the Blood Killing Sect, especially the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because they did not know such a battle. When are you a leader? If you are facing a real enemy, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not be afraid. But what they are facing now is a cursed illusion. The enemies they are killing are not real people. This is very fatal for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because once the enemy is defeated, the enemy will disappear. This is really terrible for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because it will make them feel, Their previous battles were completely meaningless, and the deaths of their previous disciples would also become meaningless. This was the reason that had the greatest impact on the morale of the Blood Killing Sect.