c7013 sword fighting

"Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang, Dang Dang, was immediately forced back by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Tongjin and the others were also shocked to realize that the other party could actually attack them, which made them all shocked. They He immediately cheered up and fought directly with those men in black.

But Zhao Hai paused for a moment at this time, and then disappeared directly from the back of Xuanwu Island. The next moment, he had appeared in a magic circle beside the Blood Killing Sect's shield, and then slowly moved toward Aunt Gongsun walked over and said, "Aunt Gongsun, the person behind you seems not to be your disciple, right?"

Zhao Hai really wanted to try to communicate with Aunt Gongsun. Anyway, she could talk, so maybe they could communicate. To be honest, Zhao Hai was really surprised by this curse. The illusion caused by the curse is already very surprising if he can speak. It would be even more surprising if he could really communicate with him.

Aunt Gongsun looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "You invade our land and you are our enemies. They are indeed not my disciples, but people sent by His Majesty to take your life. Come on, let me teach you. That's all." Gongsun Auntie's right hand has been placed on the hilt of the sword, and it seems that she is ready to fight Zhao Hai at any time.

When Zhao Hai heard what Aunt Gongsun said, he couldn't help being stunned, but then he smiled slightly. It seemed that the curse used by the enemy this time was really amazing. Aunt Gongsun could actually communicate with him, and she was very organized. He was very fair and even regarded him as an invading enemy. This was really interesting.

Zhao Hai moved his hand, and a long sword appeared in his hand. He looked at Aunt Gongsun and said, "I am about to learn the sword skills of Gongsun, please." After saying this, Zhao Hai made a sword technique with his left hand, and with his right hand Zhao Hai pointed his long sword at Aunt Gongsun. Zhao Hai knew very well that the only way to break this curse was to defeat Aunt Gongsun, so naturally he would not be polite.

Aunt Gongsun also slowly drew out her long sword. The sharp blade looked very dazzling. When she held it in her hand, she couldn't bear the slightest murderous intention. The beauty held the sword as if dancing, making her He didn't feel any threat at all, but instead gave people a pleasant feeling.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already fighting with those men in black, but what is strange is that although there are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect this time, the ones who can really attack those men in black are There were as many people as there were people in black, which was very surprising.

In other words, except for the disciples who fight one-on-one with the men in black, others who want to attack those men in black cannot attack them. This is really weird. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect try to Afterwards, they all discovered this, which made them feel a little overwhelmed for a moment and didn't know what to do.

Zhao Hai also noticed their situation, and then he said in a deep voice: "Others will protect you. Unless the winner is determined, take action." Then he stopped caring about those disciples and focused all his attention on Aunt Gongsun, and Aunt Gongsun did not take advantage of Zhao Hai's distraction to attack him, but still stood there holding the sword.

Zhao Hai looked at Aunt Gongsun and said in a deep voice: "It seems that everyone, Gongsun, is ready to fight me fairly." Zhao Hai has almost understood the power of this curse now. This curse pursues a kind of fairness. Aunt Gongsun challenges Zhao Hai, only Zhao Hai can fight against her, and those men in black are from the Shadow Clan, but Aunt Gongsun said that they were sent by His Majesty to kill Zhao Hai, so they can attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, But because there is fairness in the curse, they can only fight one on one.

Aunt Gongsun said softly: "Yes, I just want to have a fair fight with you. Come on, let me learn your swordsmanship." After saying that, she stabbed Zhao Hai with her sword. Not only was her sword very She is so fast and has countless back moves, which shows that her swordsmanship has indeed reached its peak.

Zhao Hai also raised his sword to greet him. His swordsmanship was naturally very powerful, but the swordsmanship Zhao Hai used this time was derived from the divine machine and had numerous changes. The Divine Machine is a set of ever-changing skills, which can be used with knives, swords, guns, and of course, fists.

The earliest divine machine used by Zhao Hai was used with fingers. The fingers can actually be seen as a kind of sword move, so now there is no problem in using it with a sword. On the contrary, it will increase the power. , so as soon as he saw Aunt Gongsun drawing his sword, Zhao Hai immediately stabbed her with his sword. At the same time, his sword light turned into countless sword lights, and went straight towards Gongsun Auntie. It was just a heavy rain pear blossom move. .

As soon as Aunt Gongsun saw Zhao Hai's move, she also turned the long sword in her hand. The next moment, the long sword in her hand burst out with countless sword lights. This sword light was like water waves, which looked extremely powerful. It was clear, but this sword light blocked all Zhao Hai's sword lights.

Zhao Hai laughed loudly and said: "Okay, just like the clear light in the river and sea, Gongsun's sword skills are indeed superb, look at this move of mine." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved his hand again, and the sword light in his hand disappeared completely. , and his sword seemed to become very heavy, and he slowly stabbed towards Gongsun Auntie. As he thrust out the sword, there was a faint sound like thunder. This move was like a rolling stone. Like thunder.

The sword light in Aunt Gongsun's hand also completely disappeared, and the next moment her long sword struck straight at Zhao Hai's long sword, and there was a faint sound of thunder in his long sword. , but her sword was very fast. As soon as she made a move, the long sword on this side had already touched the tip of Zhao Hai's sword.

When they heard a bang, Zhao Hai and Aunt Gongsun both stepped back. Zhao Hai took five steps back before standing firm, while Aunt Gongsun also did somersaults in the air several times before stopping. They stood facing each other holding swords, but their eyes were looking straight at each other, never separated for a moment.

Zhao Hai looked at Aunt Gongsun's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Come like thunder to calm down the wrath. Gongsun's swordsmanship has indeed reached the highest level of both strength and softness. Okay, hahaha." After saying this, Zhao Hai held the sword in his hand. The long sword stabbed out at once. This time the sword thrust out, the long sword in his hand turned into countless sword lights, and these sword lights slowly intertwined together in the air, changing into a picture. The giant light net directly covered Gongsun Auntie. This move was like a dragnet.

When Aunt Gongsun saw the huge sword net in Zhao Hai's hand, she couldn't help but screamed and stabbed with the sword. After the sword was thrust out, the long sword in her hand suddenly changed into four huge lines. The sword light directly pierced the four directions of the big net. Four sword lights flashed past. The huge sword net in Zhao Hai's hand seemed to be nailed into the air by four huge nails. , completely lost its function.

Zhao Hai shouted "Hello" again, and then the sword move in his hand changed. This sword only had a sword light, but this sword light was very fast. There was a flash of light, and the next moment Zhao Hai's The long sword had already arrived in front of Aunt Gongsun, and Aunt Gongsun's hair was blown by the sword energy.

Aunt Gongsun was not at all confused at this time. She flipped back with a move of the long sword in her hand. At the same time, the long sword in her hand was thrust out by the lightning ship, and it hit the tip of Zhao Hai's long sword. , this sword is also very fast, and the momentum of the sword is almost the same as that of Zhao Hai's sword.

There was a loud "dang" sound, and Zhao Hai and Aunt Gongsun stepped back at once. Zhao Hai looked at Aunt Gongsun and said with a smile: "Use a sword dance to move the four directions to break my heaven and earth net, and use Huo Ruyi to shoot the nine sunsets." , break my cloud-penetrating arrow, your swordsmanship is indeed superb, Gongsun and everyone really did not disappoint me.

Aunt Gongsun still stood there with a calm face, the scarlet cloak still draped on her body, and her whole body was like a very delicate flower. But Zhao Hai is very clear that the strength of this Aunt Gongsun is absolutely very strong. Not only is her swordsmanship very good, but her strength is also very strong. This may be the effect of the curse. The curse actually made this Aunt Gongsun's body very strong. The strength has reached the same level as him.

It can be said that this is the most powerful part of the Curse Technique. He can create an enemy with the same strength as you, and this enemy has reached the extreme in a certain aspect. If you can't defeat him in this aspect, you will die. It's you, and Aunt Gongsun is obviously good at swordsmanship.

When Zhao Hai heard Aunt Gongsun announce her name, he already knew what kind of martial arts the enemy used this time. It was Gongsun Sword Dance, so Zhao Hai was not surprised when this happened. , he also knows that his current enemy is actually not just a curse. If it is just a curse, it cannot achieve this level, but the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here and the Kinnara magical power here I don’t know how long the combination has been. It is precisely because of this that this strange curse appears. This is a combination of Buddhism and curse techniques. It is precisely because of this that his power is so powerful. So big.

Aunt Gongsun looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "I didn't expect that your swordsmanship would be so strong and that you could block four of my moves. Let me give you a lesson today and see your swordsmanship." How strong it is depends on your moves." After saying that, the long sword in his hand stabbed straight towards Zhao Hai, and as her long sword moved, countless sword lights formed a river of swords, rushing towards Zhao Hai. When he came over, the sword light was continuous, and it really looked like a river.

Zhao Hai laughed loudly and said: "Okay, Xihe Sword Qi, I'm here to see how powerful Gongsun's Xihe sword is." Following his voice, the long sword in his hand also He stabbed out, and as his long sword thrust out, there was also a continuous sword light, like a river, but Zhao Hai's sword light always gave people a very heavy feeling. Although the sword light was continuous, the sword light was continuous. The speed of the sword light gives people a very slow feeling. This feeling is very strange and very uncomfortable.

It is said that sword light is a kind of light, and its speed cannot be too slow, but Zhao Hai's sword energy gives people a very slow feeling. Once you focus on the sword light, you will feel that you are It felt like he was about to be sucked in by Zhao Hai's sword light. The feeling was really weird.