c7026 observe

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are still busy building magic circles. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don’t care at all about setting up magic circles on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. Moreover, they are used to it. What's more, I won't worry about what if the sect's supplies are not enough. Now their sect's supplies will never be insufficient. With the invention of blood gold and foli metal, the metal of the Blood Killing Sect can almost be said to be It is endless. In this case, they have nothing to worry about. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have no objection at all to laying out the magic circle. On the contrary, they regard this kind of thing as a It is a time of rest.

Because when laying out the magic circle, they don't need to think too much. They only need to put the magic circle or talismans on it. Will it be tiring to do this kind of work? The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect said that they have no pressure on this kind of thing. Doing this kind of thing is even easier than practicing. Even entering the real illusion is harder than doing this thing.

Although nothing will happen to them when they enter the real illusion, every time they come out of the real illusion, they will feel very tired, not physically but mentally. After all, they are in the real illusion. They had experienced a lot of things and never rested for a moment, so of course they were tired.

It is precisely because of this that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect do not regard the laying of the magic circle as a kind of work. On the contrary, they regard the laying of the magic circle as a way of rest. They chat happily while working. God, everyone looked very happy.

Li Wenying is now doing these jobs with Ji Tuo's people. His current identity is no longer certain. His status has been improved and he has become an official disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone around him is him. At first, he was not used to the new people he met, but after these few battles, he got used to it. He found that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were really easy to get along with. People will look down on him. Although everyone is usually busy training, they can completely trust each other during battle. And those in his current team also know that he has just become an official disciple and his strength is It was not enough, so in these battles, he took great care of him and even protected him. It was precisely because of this that he did not suffer any injuries in these battles. On the contrary, he suffered a few injuries. A fellow apprentice died in the battle, and now he has become a member of the undead clan.

But they didn't care at all, and instead smiled happily. This made Li Wenying very puzzled. After asking, he found out that in the Blood Killing Sect, the Necromancer clan had a very high territory. They are powerful, and their defense power is even more amazing. Under normal circumstances, they will not die. As long as the fire of the soul is not extinguished, they will not die. They are much stronger than their own bodies. There are even Blood Killing Sects. Some of them have appeared. It happened that a disciple committed suicide directly and voluntarily became a member of the undead clan, which surprised Li Wenying.

Although Li Wenying was a training madman before, he knew very well that if the undead clan of the Blood Killing Sect were placed in other forces, they would only have one name, ghosts, and the status of all ghosts would be very low. Yes, they are looked down upon very much, especially by monks. In the eyes of monks, the status of ghosts is even more important than a magic weapon. Of course, among the magic sect, those who specialize in Among demonic sects that refine corpses or souls, ghosts have a higher status, but they are just used as weapons. He has never seen a clan of ghosts like the Blood Slaughter Sect. Passed.

What surprised Li Wenying even more was that in the Blood Killing Sect, there was also a demon clan with a high status, and there was even a special puppet clan. Those puppet clan members were almost the same as ordinary disciples, but the puppet clan people, There are two types, one is the puppet clan, they are considered human beings and are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They have their own training system and are considered the true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, while the other are ordinary puppets. They can do simple things, but they have no intelligence at all. These puppets are just puppets. Even people from the puppet family will not equate those puppets with them.

It can be said that everything he has seen in the Blood Killing Sect is very different from the world of cultivation he knew before. Although the Blood Killing Sect also has its own reward and punishment system, here in the Blood Killing Sect, Even if you don't do any tasks, you can still ensure your training needs, but your training speed will definitely not be as good as others. Of course, if you encounter a sect battle, like now, when you conquer an interface, you must participate. If you don't participate, there will be penalties, but even so, this is what Li Wenying encountered. It is the best sect I have ever seen. Li Wenying is still observing. He wants to see what unexpected surprises are waiting for him in the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, he has now completely regarded himself as a Blood Killing Sect. If you don’t join a sect like the Blood Killing Sect, then what sect do you want to join? You are lucky to join the Blood Killing Sect. Li Wenying fully agrees with this statement.

Li Wenying was busy with her own affairs while chatting and laughing with the people next to her. They were very happy now. To be honest, they were really not worried at all about the war that might come. Anyway, even if they died once , there will still be three lives left, they really have nothing to worry about, so none of them take this matter to heart.

Li Wenying now finally knows what is going on with the Blood Killing Sect. He also knows what is going on at the Black and White Battlefield. Of course, he also knows what the Shadow Clan is. Li Wenying really didn’t expect that at the Black and White Battlefield Something like that happened, and everyone in the Blood Killing Sect actually ascended from the lower world. Although he knew the news before, he didn't really believe it, but after fully understanding what happened on the Black and White Battlefield Afterwards, he believed it.

This time, Li Wenying also saw the battle between Zhao Hai and the Sixteen Heavenly Demons. Li Wenying had never seen Wen Wenhai and the others take action before. This time, when Wen Wenhai and the others took action, Li Wenying realized how powerful Wen Wenhai and the others were. , the special person Zhao Hai, he took out a demon with just a few moves. The speed at which he solved the demon was even faster than the speed at which several other people dealt with the demon together.

To be honest, Li Wenying is really envious, but he also knows very well that the Blood Killing Sect was born because of Zhao Hai. Once something happens to Zhao Hai, the Blood Killing Sect will be finished. Although he is not there yet He has the same admiration for Zhao Hai as the other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but he has also corrected his position. At the same time, he also respects Zhao Hai very much. He now has a very good understanding of the history of the Blood Killing Sect. He knew that the Blood Killing Sect was almost established by Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai's power was so powerful that no one knew how strong Zhao Hai was. The Blood Killing Sect could develop to this day all because of Zhao Hai. To be honest, Facing Zhao Hai like this, it's hard not to admire him even if you want to.

At this time, Li Wenying was saying to a person on the side: "Brother, the sect leader used the Eight Styles of Blood War to deal with the devil, right? I really didn't expect that the Eight Styles of Blood War, which looked like such an ordinary sword technique, would be so powerful. , is still blessed by the realm. What moves did the sect master use when he fought against that Gongsun lady? How could there be so many changes? And the sect master could use a sword at that time."

His senior brother smiled slightly and said: "The Eight Blood Fighting Postures are the original sect-suppressing technique of our Blood Killing Sect. It is certainly powerful, but it is impossible for ordinary people to practice the Bloody Fighting Eight Postures to the level of the sect master. Yes, it’s not that we don’t have enough talents, but because the eight bloody battle styles are very special. This is a set of battle formation sword techniques, which are used to kill people. The more people we kill, the more powerful this set of sword techniques will be. It is powerful. Back then, the Blood Killing Sect relied on this sword technique to dominate the world. Although there was a big crisis later, it had nothing to do with this set of sword techniques. Therefore, this set of sword techniques can be said to be the strongest among our Blood Killing Sect now. One of the techniques is a set of powerful sword techniques that are simplified from the complex."

Li Wenying nodded. Although he was not very strong now, he still had good vision. He could see that although the eight moves of bloody battle seemed to be very simple, the power of this set of sword techniques was absolutely Not small, as his senior brother said, this set of swordsmanship is definitely a top-notch set of swordsmanship that goes from complex to simple.

The senior brother then said: "When the sect master had a sword fight with Lady Gongsun before, the sword technique he used was not actually a sword technique. It was a set of skills that the sect leader had used before, called Shenji. Shenji Hall, you Do you know? I came here to follow that set of exercises. I heard that it was a set of exercises created by the sect leader to follow the magic circle of the mechanism. It can also be said to be martial arts. That set of martial arts has endless changes and is very powerful. It’s amazing, but because there are so many changes, almost no one can learn it, and the sect leader usually uses some simple moves now, so he hasn’t used this set of techniques for a long time.”

Li Wenying couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that that set of exercises would have such a great origin. He couldn't help but become curious about that set of exercises. The senior brother obviously saw what Li Wenying was thinking. He smiled slightly and said: "The Shenji technique is actually available in our Sutra Pavilion, but most people can only learn one or two of it. There are too many. There is no way to learn the moves. It's not that the sect master doesn't want to teach it, but after you read the exercises, you will understand why you can't learn them. Moreover, the sect master also left some of his insights about the divine machine skills in the real illusion. If you really want to learn that set of exercises, you can first go to the Tibetan Scripture Pavilion and have a look. If after reading it, you feel that you really want to learn it, then you can go and learn it. Sect Master, isn’t it? If they will stop you, others will not stop you either.”

Li Wenying responded, and at the same time he secretly made up his mind to go and see the magic technique. He really liked that set of techniques. When Zhao Hai used that set of techniques, the changes were miraculous. , the wonderful moves are the only ones he has seen in his life, and he must learn them carefully.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.