c7028 Xingtian

"Xing Tian." When he heard Zhu Yong say this, Zhao Hai's expression couldn't help but change. From Zhu Yong's description, he could easily guess who the person was. In Chinese mythology, the person described by this There is only one person in the world, and that is Xing Tian. He is a top master. He is the man known as the God of War. He is also a top master who can compete with Huang Di. Unexpectedly, the last opponent to emerge is actually this man. This time it's troublesome.

Of course, Laura and the others also knew this legend, so their faces were a little ugly. They also knew how scary Xing Tian was, but Wen Wenhai and the others didn't understand what Zhao Hai meant, so they all looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at They glanced at each other and then said in a deep voice: "The person coming may be Xing Tian, ​​a god of heaven, and also the god of war."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, and then their expressions changed. How powerful would a god be, or a god called the God of War? Moreover, Zhu Yong's report just now also made Wen Wenhai and the others very puzzled. Why is a person headless, with breasts as eyes and the navel as mouth? This is so weird.

Zhao Hai glanced at them and said in a deep voice: "According to legend, Xing Tian was a giant who competed with the King of Gods for the throne, but his strength was no match for the Emperor of Heaven, so he beheaded him. The Emperor was afraid that he would regain his strength. They also buried his head, but he refused to accept it. He used his breasts as his eyes and his navel as his mouth, and still fought endlessly with the Emperor of Heaven. It was precisely because of this spirit that he was called Mars.

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai moved his hand, and a long knife appeared in his hand. He looked into the distance quietly, and saw a red light slowly coming towards them from a distance. When they were still far away, Zhao Hai heard a thumping sound on the ground, which was a very heavy footsteps.

Soon, the red light was getting closer and closer, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws around it was pushed away. A tall figure came from a distance. This figure was very tall, but it looked from a distance. , but he really had no head. When the man got closer and closer, Zhao Hai saw clearly that he was a huge figure nearly two and a half meters tall. This was even if he had no head. If someone has a head, he is nearly three meters tall. He holds a large bronze square shield in his left hand and a bronze battle ax in his right hand. This battle ax is also very huge and looks like a wheel. Same.

He came in big strides, and every time he stepped on the ground, there would be a huge banging sound. It was obvious that his power was very huge. Soon the man was outside the blood-killing shield, and then the man stood It was settled. Only then did Zhao Hai and the others see clearly that the position of his breasts had turned into two eyes, while the position of his belly button had turned into a mouth. Now his two huge His eyes were looking at Zhao Hai, with a light like cold lightning flashing in his eyes.

Zhao Hai took a deep breath and said in a deep voice: "No one is allowed to interfere." After saying that, he moved and was in front of Xing Tian. He looked at Xing Tian calmly. Xing Tian's eyes looked at Zhao Hai and then He said, "Are you their king?" He opened with his navel as his mouth, so his mouth seemed a bit big, and there were actually thick white teeth in it, which looked very scary.

Zhao Hai saluted Xing Tian and said: "Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, has met the God of War Xing Tian." For Xing Tian, ​​Zhao Hai still has a trace of respect in his heart, regardless of whether such a person existed in ancient China or not. What is he? His status has always been very high in the hearts of the Chinese people. He represents the unyielding spirit. Rather than saying that Zhao Hai respects Xing Tian, ​​it is better to say that what Zhao Hai respects is this unyielding spirit.

Xing Tian said in a deep voice: "No need to waste words, I am here to take your life today, look at the axe." After saying that, Xing Tian slashed towards Zhao Hai with an axe. This axe was very powerful and had no tricks, but that The indomitable spirit has completely locked Zhao Hai, making it impossible for Zhao Hai to hide and can only fight hard.

Zhao Hai also found that he had no way to avoid it. He couldn't help but snorted coldly. Then he lowered his waist and sat on his horse. He raised the long knife in his hand into the air and blocked the axe. He heard a clang, Zhao Hai's figure swayed, and his whole body was directly hit by the ax and sank more than a foot to the ground. The ground he was on was also completely cracked. You must know that this pure land is as stone-like. It's hard, which shows how powerful this ax is.

And Xing Tian didn't expect that Zhao Hai could really catch his axe. He couldn't help laughing and said: "Okay, take my axe." After saying that, the big ax in his hand hit again. An ax came towards Zhao Hai, this time the big ax went straight to Zhao Hai's waist. If he was hit by this axe, Zhao Hai had no doubt that he would be cut off from the waist.

Zhao Hai shouted loudly, and jumped up as soon as he moved. While passing the axe, the long knife in his hand also slashed straight at Xingtou's shoulder, because Xingtian no longer had a head, and he was beheading him. His neck was of no use anymore, so Zhao Hai's knife went straight to Xing Tian's shoulder. If the knife was serious, Xing Tian would definitely be cut in half diagonally.

But at this moment, Xing Tian raised the green steel square shield in his left hand. This large shield was very huge. Now that he raised it, just a few shields completely blocked his body. He heard that With a bang, Zhao Hai's long knife struck the big shield. Although it left a mark on the big shield, it did not hurt Xing Tian. On the contrary, Xing Tian took the opportunity to strike with another axe.

Zhao Hai quickly raised his sword to meet each other. The two of them were fighting with swords and axes. The long sword in Zhao Hai's hand did not use any too complicated moves today. The swords and swords were all going straight. Very simple moves, and the same goes for Xing Tian. His moves are also even simpler. The ax in his hand is nothing more than cutting, chopping, chopping, and other moves. In addition, the large shield in his left hand is used for offense and defense. Very difficult to deal with.

Wen Wenhai and the others were really surprised at first as to why Zhao Hai would use such a simple move to deal with Xing Tian, ​​but after a while they understood that it was not that Zhao Hai liked to use such a simple move to deal with Xing Tian, ​​but that He had to use such a simple move to deal with Xing Tian. Although the two people's current moves are not beautiful or complicated, they are the most suitable moves for the battlefield. The moves are fatal. Apart from the sound of weapons clashing between the two, , not daring to let the opponent's weapon touch him at all. Although the move is very ugly, it is the most effective.

Two hours have passed since the two of them made this move, and neither one can do anything to the other. Although the long knife in Zhao Hai's hand is not as heavy as the opponent's big shield and axe, his strength is not small, and he can block it with the long knife. The opponent's big ax shows that his strength is not weak compared to the opponent's, but Xing Tian seems to be tireless, constantly attacking and fighting, which is really surprising.

It had been two hours, and maybe Xing Tian also felt that he had not been able to defeat Zhao Hai for two hours, which was very shameful, so he roared wildly, and his figure seemed to become taller all of a sudden, and then he held the The big ax also sped up, attacking faster. He kept attacking Zhao Hai with one ax after another. At the same time, the big shield on his left hand also added some moves. His big shield can also be used to make some cuts. , smash, hit and other moves.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, his expression couldn't help but change. The long knife in his hand also sped up, but his moves didn't change much. They were still straight, powerful and heavy moves. The weapons of the two men kept moving from time to time. When they intersected, there was a loud bang, causing sparks to spread everywhere.

The two of them never flew, they just fought on the ground, but the dangerous moves made people break out in cold sweats. Every move of the two was aimed at the other's vital points, and no one dared to do it. A little distraction, at this time, is definitely an act of seeking death.

And the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all watching the two people fighting. To be honest, when they saw the two people fighting, they really didn't believe that the person fighting with Xing Tian was Zhao Hai, especially Li Wenying, Li Wenying had seen Zhao Hai and Aunt Gongsun fighting swords before. The two swords were going back and forth with extremely gorgeous moves. Every move was so gorgeous, so complicated, and so beautiful.

But now when she saw the fight between Zhao Hai and Xing Tian, ​​Li Wenying was completely dumbfounded. Is this the same sect leader who used extremely gorgeous sword moves to fight with Gongsun Auntie? What about his extremely gorgeous sword moves? What about his extremely erratic movement? Why are they all gone? It's completely gone. Now Zhao Hai's moves are all straight forward, and some are only about strength and speed. All the gorgeous things before have disappeared.

To be honest, Li Wenying was very disappointed at first. He did not expect that the moves Zhao Hai was using now would be so simple, so ordinary, and could even be described as rudimentary. If compared to the magic machine Zhao Hai used before, Compared to swordsmanship, it could be described as ugly. How could he not be disappointed?

But after looking at it for a while, he found that his idea seemed to be wrong. Zhao Hai's moves were indeed not that gorgeous, and they did appear to be very crude, but they had a kind of beauty of power. Although they looked very ugly, they were All the complicated and superfluous things have been abandoned, and now only the purest things are left.

As soon as he figured this out, Li Wenying couldn't help but his eyes lit up. His eyes never left Zhao Hai's figure. He now had a general understanding of Zhao Hai's strength. To be honest, now he has nothing but Apart from using the word unfathomable, I really don’t know what words to use to describe Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai can make his moves extremely complicated, and he can also make his moves extremely simple. He can use the most complex moves to deal with and defeat the enemy. Even when he defeats or even kills the enemy, the enemy will not know what method he used because his moves are too complex and too beautiful. , so no one will know what kind of method he used.

At the same time, he can also use the simplest method to deal with the enemy. He only uses the simplest moves to fully unleash his strength and speed. He can use these two completely different martial arts systems to a superb level, in addition to being unfathomable. , Li Wenying really can't find other words to describe it.