c7029 Approval

Zhao Hai and Xing Tian have been fighting for four hours. Their moves are really not interesting, but their speed is getting faster and faster. Now they can no longer see their figures clearly. The shadows were spinning around, and the blood-red color in the sky was getting heavier and heavier.

Another hour passed, and a sudden burst of laughter came, and then the two figures were completely separated. Zhao Hai and Xing Tian were ten feet apart, facing each other from a distance. Xing Tian still held a shield in his left hand and an ax in his right hand, but in his hands There is a bloodstain between the breasts. It is obvious that it was cut by Zhao Hai's knife. This bloodstain is half a foot long. If it grows longer, I am afraid it will disembowel Xingtian. Broken belly.

But Xing Tian was laughing loudly now, not caring at all about the wounds on his body. But Zhao Hai's body is still intact, without any scars. Obviously Xing Tian didn't hurt Zhao Hai, but this makes people feel strange. He didn't hurt Zhao Hai, so why is he laughing?

But at this time, Xing Tian put down both hands, looked at Zhao Hai with two huge eyes, and said in a deep voice: "Okay, you are indeed very strong. You were merciful just now. If you hadn't been merciful, I'm afraid I'm dead now. You are a strong man and I admire you very much." There was sincerity and appreciation in his words.

Zhao Hai also stroked the sword, folded it in his left hand and held it in his left hand. Then he saluted Xing Tian and said: "God of War, you are so polite. I admire your strength very much. You also obey orders. I don't want to fight with you." It is not allowed to hurt the enemy, so you can go back." Zhao Hai really meant what he said, he really didn't want to fight Xing Tian.

Xing Tian looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "No one can order me, I will only choose my own life." After saying that, his body suddenly turned into a red light, and he rushed towards Zhao Hai. This red light The speed was very fast. Before Zhao Hai could react, the red light had already entered Zhao Hai's body. Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately sat down cross-legged.

At this time, the territory of the Blood Killing Sect was expanding again, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws was shrinking. As soon as they saw this situation, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately knew that Zhao Hai had won again, and they immediately moved. , rushed directly to Zhao Hai and protected Zhao Hai. At the same time, they immediately ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to occupy all the newly occupied territories. This is their purpose, and they are This layer of interface must be completely occupied.

Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes at this time. He also knew what was going on. He had gained Xingtian's approval. Although this Xingtian was not the real Xingtian, he could use the power of this Xingtian. It can be used at any time, just like Aunt Gongsun. To be honest, Zhao Hai didn't expect it to be like this.

However, he didn't say anything. He just stood up calmly and looked around. He found that Wen Wenhai and the others were all surrounding him and protecting him. Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay. Don't be so nervous. How is the situation now?" Zhao Hai asked Wen Wenhai while looking at the busy Blood Killing Sect disciples.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The situation is very good. Everyone is building a magic circle. We just took a look and found that there is only an area about a thousand miles in diameter that still has the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. There are no laws in other places. With all my strength, this is indeed an interface like the black and white battlefield, but the area is slightly larger than the black and white battlefield, but not much bigger. Boss, what should we do next?"

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then said in a deep voice: "Is there really only one place with a diameter of about a thousand miles that is still occupied by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws? Are all the other places occupied by us?" They had little experience in this area before. They didn't even get the news, but now they were suddenly told by Wen Wenhai that they had occupied almost all of this interface. There was only an area a thousand miles in diameter that was not under their control. How could Zhao Hai not be surprised.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, it turns out that we are very close to the edge of the interface here. The edge of this interface is just a piece of white fog, but it is very tenacious. There is no way for us to enter the fog. , this time the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has completely shrunk. Their area is only that thousand miles away, but the power of the Shadow Clan's laws there is the strongest. You will know if you go and take a look. "

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, let's go take a look." After saying that, he followed Wen Wenhai and left directly in the teleportation array. Then they appeared in another place. Once they arrived at this place, Zhao Hai was stunned because he found that he had arrived in front of a huge ball of liquid. Now he finally understood what Wen Wenhai meant when he said that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws was very strong. This black liquid should It is the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and they are so rich that they are in liquid form. They are indeed very rich.

Looking at the liquid, Zhao Hai couldn't help but frown. He had always felt that something was wrong, but something was wrong there, and it was hard to explain, so now he just looked at the area curiously, turned to Wen Wenhai and said: " Monitor this place, let’s not attack yet, let’s wait for ten days and see what kind of reaction this area will have in ten days. If they don’t attack after ten days, then we will attack.”

Wen Wenhai responded, and then said in a deep voice: "Boss, I don't actually need to worry. This area is only so big now. Even if there are any enemies, they can't be strong enough to get there. Even if we But now the offense is nothing special, we can completely take care of them."

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "Don't worry, I feel like something is a little bit wrong, so just wait slowly. I really want to see what is here so that everyone can be ready to fight at any time." ." Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hand and returned to the Xuanwu space.

This time, Zhao Hai gained a lot from the battle with Xing Tian. Xing Tian's fighting style is exactly the way of fighting on the battlefield. His moves are the simplest and most effective killing moves, so they are very powerful. Because of this, the power of these moves is actually very powerful.

Although Zhao Hai's previous moves were very simple in terms of lethality, they were not as powerful as Xing Tian. After this battle with Xing Tian, ​​Zhao Hai's moves became even simpler. Of course, this does not mean that those complicated moves were It will definitely be inferior to these simple moves. These are two different attack methods. You can't say which one will be stronger than the other. The power will naturally be different if it is used in different places.

Moves like Xingtian's are the best choice if you put them on the battlefield, because on the battlefield, you have to face many enemies, and you are surrounded by comrades. The most important thing is the territory environment on the battlefield. It won't be too good. If you really use some jumping moves or too complicated moves, it will disrupt the formation of the entire army, which is very detrimental to the army's battle. Therefore, on the battlefield, soldiers The moves used are some simple moves. The simpler the move, the better it is to sweep directly. If you use some feint moves on the battlefield, it is really no different from seeking death.

But if two people are fighting, then the moves on the battlefield will be different, and some complex moves can be used, because if two people are fighting, no matter whether the venue is small or large, it is just the two of you. You can use some feints to lure your enemy into the trap you designed, and then kill him in one fell swoop. So, complex moves and simple moves actually have their own merits, and their use is different. the same.

Zhao Hai just wanted to go back to the Xuanwu space to sort out his understanding of various martial arts. The battle with Gongsun Auntie and Xing Tian was of great help to him, allowing him to understand the two martial arts. Taking one step closer is definitely a good thing for him.

While Zhao Hai was doing these things, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also building a magic circle and starting to make final preparations. They already knew that the last place they needed to fight was the Shadow Clan. The place where the power of the law is located, so they are all preparing to attack the last place occupied by the power of the shadow clan's law ten days later, so that they can completely control this space.

Just five days after the battle between Zhao Hai and Xing Tian, ​​there was a sudden change in the place where the shadow clan's law power was located. Wen Wenhai, who had been paying attention to the situation there, immediately told Zhao Hai the news. Zhao Hai now Strictly speaking, he was not in retreat, so as soon as he received Wen Wenhai's report, he immediately came to the periphery of the Shadow Clan's law power.

Wen Wenhai and the others were already waiting for him there. When they saw Zhao Hai coming, they all saluted to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai just nodded to them. He looked at the area where the power of the Shadow Clan's law was. The thick, liquid-like black mist is slowly rotating, and the speed is getting faster and faster. While rotating, it seems to be shrinking towards the center.

Upon seeing this situation, Zhao Hai's expression couldn't help but change: "It seems like it was absorbed by something? When did this situation occur?" Zhao Hai could tell at a glance that these Shadow Clan The power of the law seemed to be attracted by something, which made him very nervous.

Wen Wenhai immediately said: "I have been monitoring the situation that just occurred here these days. After discovering this situation, I will notify you immediately." Wen Wenhai is still very careful in his work, and it is precisely Because of this, Zhao Hai has always valued him very much, because with him around, he can do a lot less things. Just like now, when Wen Wenhai knew that Zhao Hai was going to attack here in ten days, he kept people monitoring the area where the Shadow Clan's law power was located. If there were any changes, he would be notified immediately, even if it was The smallest changes were the same, so he knew what was happening here as soon as possible and informed Zhao Hai. 21019