c7024 Destroy demons

Just when the demon dragon was stunned, Yao Jianhao had already rushed in front of the demon dragon. The giant hammer in his right hand hit the demon dragon with one hammer. The demon dragon came to his senses instantly, and his figure was like It spun in the air like a snake, letting Yao Jianhao's blow pass, while the other claw directly grabbed Yao Jianhao.

The big shield in Yao Jianhao's left hand suddenly turned into a giant hammer, and then the hammer hit the demon dragon's claws. A bang was heard, the giant hammer and the demon dragon's claws smashed together, and the giant hammer hit the demon dragon's claws. The dragon's claws are bigger than a giant hammer, and the dragon's body is much larger than Yao Jianhao. Yao Jianhao's blow is like a donkey about to kick an elephant. It looks so big Do not overestimate your own capabilities.

But something surprising happened. When the demon dragon's claws hit the sledgehammer in Yao Jianhao's hand, his claws suddenly retracted, and at the same time, a scream was heard in his mouth, which seemed to be very violent. The pain was the same, but Yao Jianhao did not stop. The sledgehammer in his right hand followed up and hit the magic dragon straight.

I heard the sound of whining and breaking the wind, and the sledgehammer hit the dragon with the wind. If it hit the dragon hard this time, the dragon would be seriously injured even if it was not dead, but the dragon was obviously not stupid either. , although Yao Jianhao's hammer before made his claws feel very painful, it still did not let him forget that he was on the battlefield, so he also saw Yao Jianhao's attack. After passing Yao Jianhao's attack, just when Yao Jianhao was about to pursue him, he heard an evil wind coming from behind him. He thought it was the devil attacking him. He quickly turned around and put his hammers on his chest. Be prepared to block the blow.

Hearing a bang, Yao Jianhao was immediately hit and flew out. However, because he blocked the blow with his double hammers, he was not injured. At the same time, Yao Jianhao could also clearly see what was attacking. It was himself, not something else, but the tail of the demon dragon. It turned out that the demon dragon had just used its own tail to slap Yao Jianhao. If Yao Jianhao hadn't reacted quickly, he would have been hit this time.

Although he blocked the blow, he still felt uncomfortable. The power of the demonic dragon was not small. This shock made his arm numb. Part of the reason why he flew back was to let go of the force that attacked him. Another part of the reason was that he wanted to take advantage of the opportunity of flying backwards to regain the feeling in his arms.

However, the demon dragon was in control and refused to let anyone go. With a movement of his body, he rushed towards Yao Jianhao again. His two front paws grabbed Yao Jianhao directly. Yao Jianhao had already thought of this, so he slammed down. He sank and fell straight to the ground. This time he was able to escape the grasp of the demonic dragon. At this time, his arm had also recovered, and then his body rose into the sky like a cannonball. The two sledgehammers turned around and blasted straight towards the magic dragon.

Although the body of the demon dragon is huge, it is very flexible. His body is constantly turning, and he is fighting with Yao Jianhao. The power of magic is also very powerful. If he really fights hard, although he will be very It hurts, but in terms of strength, it is not necessarily worse than Yao Jianhao. However, because the two sledgehammers in Yao Jianhao's hands can really hurt him, he does not want to fight with Yao Jianhao head-on, but just deals with Yao Jianhao.

"Amitabha." At this moment, the sound of the Buddha's trumpet came, and then a thick Zen staff was thrown straight at the demon dragon. The demon dragon did not expect that someone would attack him, and this Zen staff The timing of his appearance was very good. He just let Yao Jianhao's attack pass, but the Zen staff was waiting for him on the way to avoid it. The timing was just right.

The demon dragon realized that he couldn't dodge the blow. He couldn't help but let out a long roar and prepared to take the blow. At the same time, he turned his head and bit Fajing straight away. He was prepared to take the blow. This Zen staff will also clean up Fa Jing. It is very difficult for him to deal with a master like Yao Jianhao, let alone a monk.

But when the Zen rod hit him, he froze there. He had already overestimated the Zen rod, but when the Zen rod hit him, he still felt that he had underestimated this Zen rod. The Zen staff has become more powerful. In this Zen staff, there is a huge power and a penetrating power. The most important thing is that in this Zen staff, there is another force. This force is fierce. Incomparably, following the Zen staff, this power immediately poured into his body.

The demon dragon's body trembled violently and froze there, because the power that entered his body was rushing through his body, destroying his body, but he was unable to stop it at all. When his body froze, Yao Jianhao's two sledgehammers hit his body directly.

He heard a bang, and the demon dragon screamed, its body twisted wildly, and at the same time, streams of black blood spurted out of his mouth. Yao Jianhao's two hammers just now were really enough for him. , the power of these two hammers is very huge, and they also carry nine completely different powers. As soon as these nine powers poured into his body, his body was directly impacted, and the place where Yao Jianhao hit him , although it looks fine on the outside, it has turned into a ball of mud inside.

Just when the demon dragon was still rolling, a sudden figure appeared on top of his head like a ghost. Then the man stretched out his hand and touched the top of the demon dragon's head. Before the demon dragon could react, the man It disappeared directly. When the man disappeared, the demon dragon let out a scream. Yao Jianhao and Fa Jing took a look and saw that one of the two eyes of the demon dragon had disappeared.

When Yao Jianhao and Fa Jing saw this situation, they couldn't help but feel a little scared. They knew very well that the person who had just taken action was none other than Shi Jin. Shi Jin was the person who stole the door. Usually everyone only thought that the person who broke the door was the person who stole the door. , he just has good movement skills and can steal things from your space equipment, but he didn't expect that he has such skills. They can not only steal things when they break a door, but they can also steal people's lives.

The dragon was seriously injured this time. The injuries were added to the injuries, and the injuries were even more serious. How could Fa Jing and Yao Jianhao let go of this opportunity? The two of them moved and rushed towards the dragon. The Zen staff and two sledgehammers hit the demon dragon's head directly. After the demon dragon was hit by Shi Jin, it woke up. When he saw the figures of Yao Jianhao and Fa Jing, his A fierce light flashed in his single eye, and the next moment his figure shrank sharply, and his whole body shrank directly as if a spring was pressed against it.

Yao Jianhao and Fa Jing didn't expect that the demon dragon had this trick. Their moves were old and when they were about to change their moves, the demon dragon's head suddenly bounced back and hit Yao Jianhao and Fa Jing's heads. On the magic weapon, the two of them felt a huge force coming from the magic weapon. Without thinking, the two of them let go of their hands, and the three magic weapons soared into the sky, but no one noticed. Yes, there is a thin thread on these three magical instruments.

After the two people let go of the magic weapons, three magic weapons appeared in their hands at the same time. Then the three magic weapons directly hit the magic dragon. The magic dragon obviously never thought that he would encounter such a situation. He thought that after knocking away the weapons of the two people, he could directly attack the two people, and the two people would no longer be such a big threat to him. However, he did not expect that three more weapons appeared in the hands of the two people. A magical weapon that was exactly the same as before, how could he not be surprised.

But now he had no time to react. The three magic weapons hit him directly, and he heard a bang. The three magic weapons were really big and hit the demon dragon's head. On the way, a bang was heard, and the demon dragon's head was smashed to pieces by these three weapons. The next moment, the demon dragon disappeared.

Just when Yao Jianhao was fighting the demon dragon, the blood river created by Zhao Hai had already involved a demon in the blood river. These demons were now holding magic weapons, and Zhao Hai was involved in the blood river. The devil in the middle is holding an iron lotus in his hand. This iron lotus is very huge, and it is still open. It looks like a big mace, and it looks very scary.

However, after the devil was involved in the river of blood, he immediately began to wave the iron lotus in his hand, but the river of blood became more and more numerous, and finally he was completely submerged in it, but the devil did not die. He was in the river, still waving the iron lotus, completely protecting his body, and the river couldn't get close to him for a while.

But the river seemed to have no end. Although the devil was very powerful, he kept defending, but he still couldn't stop the impact of the river. A few strands of river water flowed directly against his body. Looking there After the seemingly harmless water flowed over, several wounds appeared on his body.

The demon roared wildly, obviously in great pain, but there was nothing he could do, and the wounds on his body were squirming. It was obvious that his body's recovery ability was very strong, and he was ready Let the wounds heal, but he soon discovered that this was impossible. There was still a power left in the wounds on his body. This power was very strange. It was not poison, but it was like poison. , attached to his wound, making it impossible for his wound to heal.

The devil had obviously discovered this, and they became even more furious. After a roar, his figure seemed to have grown a little bigger, and then the iron lotus in his hand turned around, and countless lotus shadows hit him. Surrounded by it, he immediately rushed out of the blood river.

But just as he rushed out of the blood river, a huge mountain of corpses suddenly fell from the sky and landed directly on top of his head. The demon quickly connected with the iron lotus to prevent the mountain from falling, but his strength was obviously There was no way to compare with that big mountain. He was hit by the big mountain and fell to the ground. But he didn't die. It was just that his arms were broken. But even so, he still didn't admit defeat. , and looked at the mountain of corpses roaring.

At this moment, there was a sudden sound of a blood-red long arrow, suddenly shot down from the mountain of corpses, and it was nailed into his mouth. The demon's roar suddenly stopped, and then the figure slowly disappeared from the air. . 8)