c7022 Demon

Laura came to Zhao Hai quietly, smiled slightly and said: "These guys are very happy, but Brother Hai, I feel that the next battle may not have much to do with them. Well, if the next battle fails, it will be all your business."

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Laura with some confusion and said, "What do you mean?" Zhao Hai really didn't quite understand what Laura meant. Could it be that the next battle? Does he have to handle it all? He had no objection to doing this, but why did Laura say this?

Laura smiled and said: "There are not many ancient Chinese songs that directly talk about gods and demons, and the ancient songs that are related to gods and demons are generally small-scale music, and there will be no such thing as House of Flying Daggers or House of Flying Daggers. It’s an ancient song like King Qin’s Formation Breaking Music. Generally speaking, large armies won’t appear in ancient songs like yours, so I say that you will most likely need to handle the upcoming battle.”

Zhao Hai couldn't help but brighten his eyes and said: "If this is really the case, then it is really a good thing. We disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have gone through too many battles, and we should take a good rest now. If all the following matters are solved by me, then they can have a good rest."

Laura smiled and said: "Yeah, I think so too, so you have to be prepared." What Laura said was actually just a speculation, but she felt that this speculation was very likely to happen. It was true, so she told Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai obviously believed it.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I will prepare well, but I don't know what kind of enemy I will encounter. That's all, let's not think about him. Let's go and have a rest. After ten days, we should You will know." Zhao Hai was really happy. In this battle, except when he faced Aunt Gongsun, he was almost unable to intervene at other times, although Wen Wenhai and the others were also Same, but Zhao Hai still feels uncomfortable. If the next battle is all handed over to him, he will not be unhappy at all, but will be very happy.

Time passed little by little. This time, the Blood Killing Sect occupied much more territory than before. Even if the Blood Killing Sect sent many disciples, it would still take five days to complete their operations. The territory was all covered with magic circles, and then they rested. Everyone was waiting for the next battle.

Ten days passed quickly, and it was time to fight. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had all set up a large formation, waiting for the enemy to arrive. Zhao Hai was still standing on the back of Xuanwu Island, waiting for Wulong's attack. News, but what makes Zhao Hai strange is that there has been no news from Wulong, which Zhao Hai did not expect.

Just when Zhao Hai was a little puzzled, a burst of music suddenly came. This music was very soft, and it even had a touch of enchantment in it. When people hear this music, they can't help but Being addicted to it made Zhao Hai very puzzled, and at the same time it made him more vigilant. He immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "Let all disciples do a good job of soundproofing."

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately passed on the order. Right here, they saw a dragon suddenly flying over from the sky. This shocked everyone, but then they were very excited. Happy, because after seeing the dragon, they can be sure that it is indeed what Zhao Hai said. The enemy they have to face this time is indeed an enemy related to the power of cultivation. Otherwise, the dragon will not appear. It is even more impossible for the dragon to fly.

The giant dragon was getting closer and closer, and soon everyone saw that there were more than ten young girls standing on the back of the giant dragon. These young girls all wore very few clothes. The lower body is wearing a super short skirt with a lot of tassels on the outside. The feet are bare, but there is a gold thread tied at the ankle, with several bells hanging on it.

But their upper bodies were only wearing a short shawl made of gold thread. Their bodies were also covered with a tulle. I don't know how this tulle was made. It was almost completely transparent, but There were colorful rays of light shining on it, draped over the bodies of the girls, making them appear looming, adding to the temptation.

On their heads, they all wore Buddhist crowns made of ivory, and the expressions on their faces had a sense of sanctity. They did not match the clothes they were wearing at all, but this contrast was extremely strong. , but brought a greater sensory impact to people, making everyone who saw them have their blood boiling and couldn't help themselves.

On the back of the dragon, there are many girls sitting. They are not very old. They are all wearing tulle. They all have musical instruments in their hands and are playing non-stop. The bursts of music are What came out from their hands finally reached everyone's ears with incomparable clarity.

"Sixteen Heavenly Demonic Dances." Zhao Hai looked at the girls wearing gauze on the back of the giant dragon. He just counted, there were sixteen of those girls. Adding this situation, he couldn't help but think of a The very famous magic dance. According to legend, this dance destroyed an entire country. This shows how powerful this sixteen-day magic dance is.

Laura's voice also came: "It's the Sixteenth Heaven Demon Dance, Brother Hai, activate the magic circle shield to block the sounds outside, and don't let them in, otherwise I'm afraid that our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will be mentally disturbed." It is damaged, and judging from this situation, I am afraid that this dance cannot be broken by ordinary attacks. Brother Hai, please come forward."

Zhao Hai also nodded solemnly, and then the magic formula in his hand moved directly into the Blood Killing Sect's formation. In the Blood Killing Sect's formation, countless arrows suddenly rose up. White mist, this white mist directly attached to the blood-killing sect's mark mask, making the disciples of the blood-killing sect unable to see the situation outside clearly, and at the same time, all the sounds outside disappeared.

After doing this, Zhao Hai then shouted loudly: "Lin." As his mantra came out, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt their whole bodies shake, and then they all woke up. People exhaled a breath of turbid air involuntarily, and then they felt that the breath in their bodies was a little sluggish, and they actually suffered internal injuries.

This discovery shocked all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They had just seen the giant dragon and the woman on the dragon clearly in the sky, but they had already suffered internal injuries. If they continued to watch, they were afraid that If so, he would really die directly. What makes them feel strange is that they felt that those women were extremely beautiful and alluring before, but now they no longer feel that way. Even when they think about it, they just feel normal and not as attractive as before. .

They don't know that this is the reason for Zhao Hai's mantra. You must know that the Sixteen Heaven Demon Dance itself is tempting, and it will unknowingly leave a demon in people's hearts, and they will kill the sect with blood in the future. Disciples, every time they think of the Sixteen Heavenly Demonic Dance, their inner demons will break out. If one of them can't handle it well, they may become possessed in the future.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai directly used Buddhist mantras to get rid of their inner demons. He eliminated the inner demons and killed the sect disciples' perseverance with blood. Even if they remembered the Sixteen Heaven Demon Dance, I won't feel anything anymore, I will just feel very normal.

As soon as he saw that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all fine, Zhao Hai moved and flew out of the Blood Killing Sect's shield. He looked at the giant dragon in the sky outside and the ones on the giant dragon. Girls, those girls were still standing on top of the giant dragon, not moving at all. It wasn't until Zhao Hai flew out of the Blood Killing Sect's shield that the girls all said in unison: "Dance for Your Majesty." Then. Hearing their voices, the sixteen girls immediately started to move.

Their bodies are as soft as boneless, and every movement is so beautiful, and at the same time so alluring. Coupled with their expressions and the sound of music, it really makes people's hearts shake, and they can't help themselves. But Zhao Hai was heartbroken. He glanced at the sixteen girls, and then a sword energy flew out of his hand and slashed straight at the giant dragon.

But the sword energy disappeared directly when it got close to the giant dragon, and Zhao Hai felt at the same time that he seemed to be cursed, which surprised Zhao Hai, but the curse was immediately removed by him , and then he struck the girl with his sword again, but the result was the same. The sword energy disappeared directly, and he was hit by another curse.

After Zhao Haihua removed the curse, he almost understood that the test for him this time may be a test of his character. He must have seen the sixteen-day magic dance before he passed the test. Zhao Haihua was about to sit down, but found that he It seemed that he couldn't move, and his magic power couldn't be used. He could only stand there, watching the girls dance, but he couldn't move at all.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but his heart skipped a beat, and then they understood that this should be part of this test. It should be to prevent someone from using any skills to resist this mental test, so this curse prevented him from using skills to resist. , also had to watch this dance, this test is really amazing.

Zhao Hai could only stand there and watch. Every movement of those girls was extremely seductive. They were jumping faster and faster, and their movements became more and more seductive. Coupled with the sound of the music, it seemed that they were really attractive. It can take people to a completely different world, a completely different state of bliss.

But Zhao Hai is not an ordinary person. Although he can't move or use his magic power now, and he is still watching the dance, he keeps the clarity of his spiritual platform, the music, and the dance, for him He said that it had no impact at all. He was now like an old monk who had entered meditation. In his eyes, those girls were no different from skeletons, red and pink skeletons. However, he had become more sophisticated in Buddhism.

Those girls were still dancing hard, dripping with sweat, and the music was softer. There were even bursts of soft moaning in their mouths. In conjunction with their movements, it was really It is extremely tempting, and I am afraid that anyone who sees it will be shaken. This is the most terrifying part of the Sixteen Heavenly Demon Dance. If there is no such magic power, how can the king of a country be addicted to it and eventually destroy the country? .