c7027 enemy

Time passes day by day, and tomorrow will be another ten-day period. In other words, if nothing happens, tomorrow will be the time when the enemy appears again. Zhao Hai is sitting in his room. Anxious, no matter what kind of enemy appears tomorrow, he will not worry, just come, he just wants to see what tricks the enemy can play now.

At this time, Laura walked into the room and said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, we received a lot of ascended people in the black and white battlefield, and now some of them want to cause trouble. Look, What are we going to do?" Laura has been paying attention to the situation on the Black and White battlefield, because there is an ascension platform there, and the people received from there can become the supplement of the Blood Killing Sect, but those who are newly ascended are always There are some people who are not so honest. Last time, Zhao Hai cleaned up a group and turned the remaining people into dead soldiers. After a period of time, some people ascended, and those who ascended were not honest again. On the contrary, some of the ascended people who were originally dead soldiers of the Blood Killing Sect have now become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect because of their good performance, and they are even more loyal to the Blood Killing Sect. This is Laura Unexpected.

Zhao Hai is currently holding a book in his hand and reading it. This book is not a very clever book, it is just a Buddhist scripture. It is just a Buddhist scripture about the Eight Divisions of Heaven and Dragon. That’s why he reads so He wanted to know more about Tian Long Ba Bu so that he could be mentally prepared when facing each other in the future.

Now when he heard what Laura said, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile and said: "Is someone going to make trouble again? It's really interesting. These people who ascended from the lower world just can't learn to be smarter, so they still deal with it the same way as before. Those who join our Blood Killing Sect, let them become the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect. Those who are making trouble, the leaders will all be killed, and those who resist will also be killed. The remaining people, Turn them into death warriors. As for how far they can go, it depends on their performance. If they perform well, they will naturally be disciples of my Blood Killing Sect. If they perform poorly, they will be killed. ”

Laura responded, and then Laura said with a smile: "Brother Hai, I discovered one more thing. Do you remember the Li Wenying from before?" Laura said while looking at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Remember, last time he made meritorious service and I rewarded him. What's wrong?"

Laura smiled and said: "Then Li Wenying has become obsessed with Shenji recently. He first saw the skills of Shenji in the Sutra Pavilion, and then went to the Real Illusion to study for a few days. Recently I heard that he is applying for After being transferred to the Shenji Hall, Wen Yuming asked him why he wanted to enter the Shenji Hall. He said that it was for the Shenji's set of exercises. He said that he wanted to learn the Shenji's set of exercises, and that's why he wanted to go there. At Shenji Hall, let’s have a good understanding of the art of mechanism magic circle. Do you think this person is very interesting?”

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he was stunned, and then he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "You are a smart person, and you know that if you want to learn the Shenji technique, you must enter the Shenji Hall. Okay, very good, this guy seems pretty good, I’ve been paying attention to him for a while, and if he really has a connection with this set of exercises, I wouldn’t mind teaching him this set of exercises.”

Laura nodded and said in a deep voice: "He does have some talent. I heard that he is now completely addicted to it. In addition to practicing every day, he has been thinking about this set of exercises. I think you are the best Let’s give him a few days off, and by the way, we might as well let him enter the Shenji Hall to study for a period of time to see if he has any talent in this area.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, let's do it like this. Just go and make arrangements. There will be a war tomorrow. I don't want to be distracted." Laura nodded and went directly to make arrangements. In fact, in the blood There are many people like Li Wenying in the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai will select some disciples in the Blood Killing Sect who are particularly talented, or who are particularly talented in a certain set of exercises, and then give them special care. , I want to see how far they can go. If they really grow up, it will definitely be a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai had no choice but to do this. Although there are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, there are not many who can truly be called masters. This time's ascension has weakened the overall strength of the Blood Killing Sect. Although sometimes Jin and the others joined, there were too few of them. As for some masters in the Blood Killing Sect, although they had received several improvements in strength by chance due to this ascension, they are now Zhao Hai still cannot be satisfied with his strength. Except for Wen Wenhai and others who can still fight, the Blood Killing Sect really does not have many masters now. This is very fatal for a sect, especially In the future, if they really have to face people from the Shadow Clan and Wanshan Realm, this shortcoming will be infinitely magnified. By then, the Blood Killing Sect will probably be in trouble.

So Zhao Hai thought of a way, which is to focus on training disciples with good talents. Good talents do not mean those who are proficient in everything, but those who are particularly talented in a certain set of exercises. , if we use the words of the earth, they are those people who are seriously partial to science. The focus of training for these people is only on the point where their talents are the best, and focus on training to see if they can be trained as soon as possible. If they can be cultivated as soon as possible, there will be no shortage of masters for the Blood Killing Sect.

Of course, this is just a plan. Not many people know about this plan now. Only Zhao Hai, Laura, and Wen Wenhai know about it. No one else knows about this plan, because if this plan is Telling everyone may make some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel unfair, so Zhao Hai is not prepared to tell others about this plan.

As for Li Wenying, who was admitted, he received the news that he could enter the Shenji Hall to study, and the things he learned in the Shenji Hall were different from others. He didn't need to learn too much. As long as he has an understanding of mechanism techniques, spells, puppets, weapon refining, poison use, etc., it doesn't have to be completely learned. In other words, the sect gave him the greatest degree of freedom. .

But after hearing the news, Li Wenying was overjoyed. He went directly to Shenji Hall to report it. Wen Yuming personally arranged a place for him to stay and told him that he could go anywhere in Shenji Hall. Study, but don't disturb other people's work, then turned around and left.

Li Wenying also knew at this time that he must have received extra care, and this order could only be given by Zhao Hai. Li Wenying couldn't help but feel even more grateful to Zhao Hai, and at the same time a little awed. He was grateful that Zhao Hai gave him extra care. Take care of him, and what is awe-inspiring is that Zhao Hai must know what he has done these days, otherwise he would not have given him extra care. In other words, every move of everyone in the Blood Killing Sect has escaped. But how could he not be in awe of Zhao Hai's eyes.

Zhao Hai didn't care about Li Wenying. He just read the book with a calm face, waiting for tomorrow to come. He didn't even care about the things on the black and white battlefield. In his opinion, the things on the black and white battlefield were... It can't be called a thing at all. Those who have just ascended have no ability to confront the Blood Killing Sect. Those who dare to resist now are just some fools who haven't figured out the situation yet.

Early the next morning, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was ready. Zhao Hai also came to the back of Xuanwu Island. As soon as he stood still, Zhu Yong came to Zhao Hai's side, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Young Master , news just came from Wulong, they haven’t found the enemy yet.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Let them be more careful. If something happens, I won't be able to save them in time." Zhu Yong responded and turned around. He actually didn't need the report this time. Yes, because he didn't say anything in his report just now, but he still went to report it to Zhao Hai, not that he had nothing to do, but because he wanted to see if Zhao Hai was angry with Wulong and the others. .

Wulong and the others had lost face last time. When the Sixteen Heavenly Demon appeared, they were actually fascinated and failed to send the news back. It was Zhao Hai who later discovered that something was wrong with Wulong and the others, so he took action. They were rescued, otherwise they would be in danger. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai said this, and Zhu Yong was relieved at this time.

The reason why he went to report Zhao Hai just now was to see if Zhao Hai was angry with Wulong and the others. This was why Wulong asked Zhu Yong for help. Now it seemed that Zhao Hai was not angry, so he felt relieved. I believe Wulong and the others will be relieved. Now everyone can just wait for the enemy.

After waiting for about an hour, Zhu Yong suddenly received the news. After reading the news, he immediately came to Zhao Hai and said: "Master, I received the news. The enemy is coming, and there is only one person." Zhu Yong said When he said this, there was also a hint of curiosity in his tone, because the last time, the only one who dared to deal with Zhao Hai alone was Aunt Gongsun, and Aunt Gongsun's swordsmanship was really nothing to say. It is precisely because of this, so Now when he heard that another person came to Zhao Hai, Zhu Yong was really curious. He didn't know who was coming this time.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then smiled slightly and said: "It's another person. What are the characteristics of this person?" Zhao Hai knew very well that if he dared to come to him alone, he must have had two attacks. Aunt Gongsun's swordsmanship was very powerful. , she is considered a character, but what about the people who come this time? What kind of person is he?

Zhu Yong did not speak immediately, but contacted Wulong, and then he received a reply. After receiving the reply, Zhu Yong was a little dazed. After a while, he said to Zhao Hai with some uncertainty: "Young Master , Wulong had a reply. The person he said was a shirtless big man. This big man was tall, holding a shield in one hand and an ax in the other, but he had no head. His breasts were his eyes and his navel was his mouth. , is coming to me."