c7025 monk

Zhao Hai sat in the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect, looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then smiled slightly and said: "This time you have done enough to hide, I have let you take action, how about it? Does it feel good?" They have already The Sixteen Heavenly Demons have been eliminated. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are outside setting up magic circles on the newly occupied territory, but they have already returned to the main hall to have a meeting.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all had smiles on their faces. Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and said: "Boss, it's too hidden, it's too hidden. It's been a long time since I had a good fight. Now, The enemies we face are all armies. One person cannot play any role in front of such a large army. Apart from the army, the enemies we face at other times are all very powerful, and we have no The opportunity to take action, this time I can fight happily, it is really great." After saying this, he laughed again.

The same goes for the others, with a smile on their faces. In fact, there were quite a few Blood Killing Sect disciples who fought against the Sixteen Heavenly Demons before, and they were all masters. Except for Zhao Hai who dealt with a Heavenly Demon alone, Only Yao Jianhao, Fa Jing and Shi Jin were able to deal with the demon dragon together. Each of the remaining demons had at least dozens of people dealing with them, so they were able to deal with the demons very easily.

Although in a one-on-one battle, none of Wen Wenhai and the others are the opponents of those demons, but in the case of siege, those demons are no match for Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai and the others have also received military training and know very well how to cooperate. To deal with enemies, it is really not difficult to deal with those demons.

It is precisely because of this that many people participated in the war. Although they were not able to fight the demon with all their strength, such an opportunity was already very rare, so they were still very happy. They are all members of the Blood Killing Sect now. They are senior managers. Even if they encounter a war, they can only command from behind. The opportunity to go to the front line in person is very rare, so they are actually very happy to have such an opportunity. of.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said: "Okay, if there is a chance in the future, I will still let you take action. Don't worry, everyone, you are all senior managers now. , if you all rush to the front line, who will direct the battle? Without anyone to direct, how can we, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, defeat the enemy? So don’t think about that, and just give honest instructions from behind."

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "I don't know what the enemy's next attack will be like, but I feel that the enemy's tricks are almost exhausted, and we are about to have a chance to have a final battle with the enemy. The battle is over, which means we are about to capture this place."

There was a smile on everyone's face, and they actually felt it. When they dealt with the relatively gentle enemy, there were eight times in total, and once they dealt with the attack of these large armies, there were now seven. Times, if the enemy uses the number eight as the stage of a test, then after they have passed the test, they are probably about to get results. No one knows what kind of attacks the enemy will make after that.

But Zhao Hai now said that the enemy's test may be over soon. They really believe it because they have now occupied a large area. The area they occupy here is larger than that on the Black and White Battlefield. As for the above, if here and the black and white battlefield are really made by the same person, then the area of ​​​​the two interfaces should be almost the same size. If this is really the case, it means that this interface will soon be given over to them. Got it.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "After taking down this interface, I want to confirm one thing. If it is really as I thought, then our battle has just begun. From now on, there will be six more interfaces like this, and each one will be more difficult to deal with, so you must be mentally prepared."

When Zhao Hai said this, Wen Wenhai and the others were all stunned, and then their faces showed surprise. Wen Wenhai looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, are you telling the truth? An interface like this is still Six?" He was really surprised. This was the first time he heard such a guess from Zhao Hai. The same was true for everyone else. They all looked at Zhao Hai in surprise.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "My guess can only be confirmed after taking down this interface. If my guess is true, then we will indeed have to face at least six such interfaces." Zhao Hai's face was a little solemn. , to be honest, Zhao Hai really couldn't be happy when he thought about the enemies he would face in the future.

"Great." What surprised Zhao Hai was that when he heard Zhao Hai say this, everyone cheered, which made Zhao Hai stunned. He didn't know what was going on with these guys and why. When I heard that there were six such interfaces, I was so happy. There seemed to be something wrong.

Zhao Hai coughed lightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, everyone, calm down, Wen Hai, tell me, what are you guys so happy about? You must know that there are six interfaces like this, and each one is better than the other, then It means that our losses will be even greater, what's there to be happy about?" Zhao Hai really didn't know what they were happy about.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Boss, of course I am happy. If there are six more interfaces like this, it means that there are still six sites as big as this interface. If we can put some All the territory will be collected under the banner of our Blood Killing Sect, or even merged into the Xuanwu Space, then we will have a larger territory in the future, which is definitely a good thing for us." Others also They all nodded, looking very much in agreement with Wen Wenhai's words.

When Zhao Hai heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "You guys, you don't know what you are thinking. These territories are very important, but the losses we will suffer if we want to capture these territories are definitely not small. They are all human lives." , is the life of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, do you think that the lives of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very important?"

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Sect Master, it's not that we don't value the lives of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, nor is it because our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have several lives and we don't know how to cherish them. The most important reason is because we are Monks, monks are competing with God for their fate, and we are competing with God for our fate. The larger the territory we get today, the stronger the energy of our Xuanwu Island will be, and the safer our Xuanwu space will be. No matter what we encounter in the future, No matter what kind of enemy you encounter, you will be more confident and can deal with them. Isn't this a good thing?"

Yao Jianhao also nodded and said: "Yes, Sect Master, we may face more powerful enemies in the future. Now that we have such an opportunity, we can get a larger territory and make our Xuanwu Island even more powerful. , Such an opportunity is very rare, so of course we are happy." The others all nodded, as if they were convinced, and this answer also made Zhao Hai stunned.

Then Zhao Hai figured it out immediately. He glanced at everyone, and then said: "Yes, that's good. If there are really six interfaces, then we will take those six interfaces, although there will be some losses, but we can bear these losses. After all, our Blood Killing Sect disciples all have several lives. Even if we lose one, there are still several lives left, which means that they can still pursue the road to immortality, but if we If we can't make ourselves stronger, if we can't make Xuanwu Island stronger and no one can break it, and it becomes our strongest fortress, then we will be more dangerous and even more people will die. It is not impossible for the sect to be destroyed by others. What you said is very good, but I have never figured it out. We really shouldn’t have any thoughts of retreating. We are monks and we are competing with God for our fate. Today we If we fight for more, we will have more protection tomorrow, good, very good."

Everyone chuckled and said nothing. They knew that Zhao Hai was worried that there were still six interfaces because he was worried that they would lose too much. After all, the life of every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect was very precious. From now on It can be seen at a glance how much Zhao Hai attaches great importance to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Let all disciples be prepared. Ten days from now may be the last battle. Although we don't know what kind of battles will happen after this battle, we also We must be prepared, treat every battle as the last battle, and make final preparations.”

Everyone responded in unison, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "If my idea is really confirmed this time, then I will tell you what kind of enemy we will face in the future, because by then , I can almost guess what kind of enemies we may face in the future."

Everyone responded, Zhao Hai waved to everyone, and everyone turned and left. They still had a lot of things to deal with, and they also got a lot of news from Zhao Hai today. They needed to go back and digest it. , so they didn’t stay and left directly.

After they all left, Laura said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, I really didn't expect that they would have such a reaction, and there would be such a reason to support their idea. To be honest, I was stunned when I first heard it. , but after thinking about it carefully, I feel that there seems to be some truth in what they said. It is impossible to fight without casualties. If we, the Blood Killing Sect, want to become more powerful, we can only get more through fighting again and again. The territory, more materials, and even more people, so sacrifices like this are actually very necessary, and even inevitable."

Zhao Hai sighed leisurely and said: "Yeah, I didn't expect that they would have such an idea, but they are right, it is indeed the case. These are what we must do. Who makes us monks."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.