c7023 magic change

Zhao Hai watched with clear eyes those girls dancing hard and making countless seductive moves. However, his spiritual platform was completely clear, and bursts of chanting sounds rang out from his heart. People have concentrated their energy on the Buddhist scriptures, using the power of the Buddhist scriptures to fight against the dance of the devil.

This dance of the devil not only relies on the dance of those girls, nor does it only rely on the music to stimulate your senses, it will also unknowingly plant inner demons in your heart. Zhao Hai He has long felt it, so he used Buddhist scriptures to fight against the invasion of inner demons. He can't use the exercises now. If he can use the exercises, he can directly use his own exercises to completely transform those inner demons. Go, but Wu Tai, he can't use exercises or magic power now, so he can't get rid of those inner demons and can only use Buddhist scriptures to fight against them.

This kind of confrontation does not mean that he directly blocks the inner demons from his own mind. He just uses Buddhist scriptures to guard his spiritual altar, so that his spiritual altar is always clear and uncontaminated by the inner demons. In this way, as long as He can block his inner demons and survive the Sixteen Heavenly Demonic Dance. As long as he can use his magic power again, he can directly transform those inner demons.

Of course, he has not forgotten that he is mobilizing his magic power all the time. He is communicating with his own Dharma. He is communicating with the runes of heaven and earth and the curse runes. He wants to break the curse, and he wants to circulate his magic power. In this way, he can directly eliminate all the inner demons, but so far, there is no way to do it.

The dance is still going on, the music is still going on, but Zhao Hai has been fighting against those inner demons. There is already a layer of sweat on his body, and there is a look of confusion in his eyes. This It's not that he was fascinated by the dance, but that all his mind was now used to fight against the inner demon, and his six senses had been closed.

I don't know how long it took, but Zhao Hai suddenly felt that he could communicate with his own magic. The runes of heaven and earth and the curse runes began to circulate. Then he felt that he could mobilize his own magic power. This feeling made Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel happy, but with this fluctuation in his mind, the feeling disappeared immediately.

Zhao Hai immediately calmed down and then communicated with his Dharma. After a while, he finally communicated with his Dharma. The runes of heaven and earth and the curse runes started to rotate at once. A trace of mana, From his Dharma form, it was introduced into his body. This magic power kept circulating in his body, and finally entered his sea of ​​consciousness. The inner demons in his sea of ​​consciousness, as soon as they met him His magic power was like ice and snow meeting sunlight. They all melted away quickly and merged directly into his magic power.

With each inner demon integrated into his body, his magic power will become a little more powerful. After his magic power circulates in his sea of ​​consciousness for a few times and all the inner demons are eliminated, it returns to his In the Dharma Appearance, when this mana entered his Dharma Appearance, Zhao Hai felt a bang, and then his mind was shocked. The next moment, his six senses were opened, and the cursed feeling of restraint on his body completely disappeared. disappeared and he could see things outside again.

The dragon is still there, the girls on the dragon are still there, those girls are still dancing, their movements are still so beautiful, so tempting, the music is still so beautiful, but this dance, look at it now There was no more temptation in Zhao Hai's eyes. Zhao Hai still looked at it with relish, but now he only had a look of appreciation and no longer felt any danger.

Although there are still inner demons entering Zhao Hai's body, those inner demons are just Zhao Hai's supplements now. Once they enter his body, they will be transformed by his magic power. It can be said that these sixteen Tianmo Wu is no longer a threat to Zhao Hai.

After half an hour, the sixteen-day magic dance stopped. The girls were already dripping with sweat and looked even more attractive. However, Zhao Hai was not affected at all. He still looked calm. Standing there, he even stretched out his hand and clapped his hands gently.

When the girls saw this situation, they were all stunned. Then their faces all changed, with ferocious expressions on each of their faces. Then their bodies slowly changed, and finally the sixteen A girl turned into sixteen tall demons with a height of about ten feet. These demons were all black, with green faces and fangs, looking extremely ferocious. And they all had weapons in their hands and charged at them one by one. Zhao Hai roared.

The girls holding musical instruments had disappeared, and the giant dragon carrying those girls had also disappeared. Instead, a magic dragon appeared in the sky. This demonic dragon's whole body was black, and every scale was black and shiny. It had four claws on its belly, its eyes were like lamps, flames were spitting out of its mouth, and its roaring sound shook the sky, making it look extremely terrifying.

Sixteen demons, plus a demon dragon, roared at Zhao Hai in the sky. It was indescribably terrifying, but Zhao Hai didn't take it to heart. He knew that this was the method of the demons, so he first attacked You plant inner demons, and if this trick doesn't work, then they will show their power, let you know their power, and make you surrender. Of course, here, it may be your life.

Zhao Hai moved his hand, and a long knife appeared in his hand. He looked at the sixteen demons and sneered: "Finally, you have revealed your true colors. Let me see how strong you are. How worthy are you?" You are not worthy of the title of Heavenly Demon." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved the long knife in his hand, and the next moment he had disappeared, but there was a river of blood in the sky, falling from the sky, and rolling towards the sixteen Heavenly Demons. .

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could also clearly see the situation outside. When they saw that Zhao Hai was facing the sixteen demons, they were stunned. Wen Wenhai immediately said to Laura: " Madam, do you need us to go and help the sect master? There are sixteen demons there."

Laura shook her head and said: "Don't move around yet. Take a look. If it is really necessary, Brother Hai will let you do it. Before he gives an order, don't move around." Laura It is very clear that what they are facing now is not an ordinary enemy, but a cursed illusion. With an enemy like this, you don't know whether it is correct to go up to deal with him directly. If not, it may only help. It's a waste of time.

However, Laura still sent a letter to Zhao Hai, asking Zhao Hai if Wen Wenhai and the others should come to help. After receiving Laura's letter, Zhao Hai thought about it and finally agreed. Wen Wenhai and the others had not been there for a long time. If they take action, they must fight with the enemy, otherwise, it will not be of much benefit to them.

After Laura received Zhao Hai's reply, she immediately turned to Wen Wenhai and the others and said, "Brother Hai agreed, you can take action." When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Laura said, they were all overjoyed. It has been seen that the strength of those demons is extraordinary. If ordinary disciples go to deal with them, they will only die. It is best for them to deal with them. Now, they can finally take action. They can't wait. .

Wen Wenhai and the others shouted loudly, and then flew out directly. While flying out, the weapons they used appeared in their hands. Wen Wenhai also used a knife now, and he also used the blood-killing knife technique. , His current blood-killing sword skills are already very accomplished.

Chang Jun and the others also used their weapons to kill the enemy. The most special one was Yao Jianhao. Yao Jianhao was originally the leader of the Troll Demon Sect. Now, although the Troll Demon Sect has been completely integrated into the Blood Killing Sect, However, the Troll Demon Sect's own skills have been passed down. Yao Jianhao has rarely taken action since he joined the Blood Killing Sect, so many people in the Blood Killing Sect have never seen him take action. Now Yao Jianhao has begun to take action with all his strength. .

It was seen that his body suddenly grew a lot longer. He was originally more than two meters tall, but now he suddenly became more than ten meters tall. At the same time, he also had a suit of heavy armor on his body, and two huge weapons appeared in his hands. Incomparably heavy hammers. Each of these two heavy hammers has a diameter of about one meter and looks extremely huge.

Yao Jianhao's target was the demon dragon. The demon dragon also found that Yao Jianhao's energy seemed to be locked on him. His huge eyes also turned to Yao Jianhao. When he saw Yao Jianhao's appearance, the demon dragon couldn't help but look up to the sky and howl. , and then far away, a mouthful of flames spurted out.

The flame in his mouth is not pure red, but has a hint of black light, which looks very weird. Yao Jianhao is also a well-informed person. He can become the leader of the Troll Sect because of his own strength. , He has experienced countless battles, big and small, how could he not see the power of the flame.

He snorted coldly, and the giant hammer in his left hand turned into a giant shield in an instant. Then he put the giant shield in front of him, but his body shrank behind the giant shield, and his other He still held the heavy hammer in his hand, but at the same time, his speed did not slow down and he still rushed towards the magic dragon.

Boom, the flames sprayed out by the demon dragon directly hit the giant shield. However, the giant shield did not even move and directly blocked the flames. However, Yao Jianhao's speed was not slow at all, risking The flames rushed over directly, and the demon dragon also found that the flames seemed to have no effect on Yao Jianhao. He couldn't help but open his mouth wide, and a roar came out of his mouth. This roar was not an ordinary thing. , but a sonic attack.

Bang, the sound wave directly hit the giant shield, shaking the giant shield, but it did not knock Yao Jianhao back. The fighting method of the giant clan is actually very simple, which is strength. Their strength is very powerful. At the same time, The use of power is also very powerful, so although the power of the magic dragon's sonic attack is very strong, this time it attacked Yao Jianhao's giant shield, but it failed to bring any harm to Yao Jianhao, and it did not even stop Yao Jianhao from attacking Yao Jianhao. He launched an attack, which even the demon dragon did not expect. He did not expect that Yao Jianhao's power would be so powerful.