c7036 time tasks

Zhao Hai looked at the people who were still a little confused and said in a deep voice: "The Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons is a general term. It actually represents eight races, so it is also called the Eight Tribes, or the Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons. From this name, you You can tell that they are eight races. The statue we saw on the black and white battlefield is named Kinnara. She is the representative of the Gandharva clan. He is the incense god in Buddhism and also the god of incense in Buddhism. The God of Music and the God of Illusion are gods who play music for the Buddha, but the most important thing about her is the God of Fragrance, so we can smell the fragrance there, and here at the sound wave interface, the race we face is the Kinnara tribe. , their clan is the real god of music, divided into men and women, so they can use sound waves to attack. When I say this, I think everyone will understand, if the powerful man at the beginning really refined these according to the eight parts of Tianlong If there is space, then he will give each race an independent space. Now we have just met the Gandharva clan and Kinnara clan. We will also meet six other races, that is to say , we will find at least six other interfaces as big as the sonic interface here."

When they heard what Zhao Hai said, everyone was stunned. They didn't know much about Buddhism, so they had never heard of the Eight Parts of the Dragon. So now when they heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Very surprised. But Fa Jing was even more surprised. Although he was a Buddhist cultivator, he had never heard of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragons, so he was also very surprised. But looking at Zhao Hai, it didn't look like a joke at all. , so he didn't say anything, just listened to Zhao Hai's words carefully.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "The Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons are the protectors of Buddhism. Each of their tribes has its own unique abilities. We already know the abilities of the Gandharvas and Kinnara tribes, and there will be more in the future. There are several races such as the gods, dragons, yakshas, ​​asuras, garudas, and mohurakas. All of these races are very good at fighting. No matter which one we encounter, it will not be easy. "

Everyone listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly, wanting to collect more information. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "Among them, the gods should be the strongest, the dragons are also very powerful, and the strength of Yaksha and Asura is also They are all very powerful. As for Garuda, they represent the Golden-winged Dapeng clan, and their strength is also very powerful. Mohuraka represents the snake god, and their fighting power is also very powerful. We will not care about it in the future. No matter which race you encounter, you must be more careful."

Everyone nodded, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "In this battle, I also discovered that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws entered these spaces at some point. These spaces should have only been filled with statues. There are still some tests, but they will definitely not be as hostile to us as they are now, and their combat effectiveness should not be so strong. However, because of the blessing of the law of the Shadow Clan, the various attack methods that appear here, It will become so powerful. If the other interfaces in the future are also blessed by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then they will also be hostile to us, and in that case, we will also have a huge headache."

Everyone's expressions were not very good. To be honest, what Zhao Hai said actually sounded quite scary. They had already heard from Zhao Hai's words that the two interfaces they had passed before were the black and white battlefield and the sound wave interface. Here, what they are facing may still be the two weaker races among the Tianlong Babu. If they are facing those powerful fighting races today, it will be really troublesome.

Zhao Hai then said in a deep voice: "There is another space channel here. This space channel should lead to the next interface. After we finish the meeting, we will go there to have a look. I suspect that the space channel may also lead to the next interface. Someone who has the ability to decompose, that’s why I didn’t let anyone go down.”

Everyone nodded. They all agreed with Zhao Hai's point of view. They all knew about what happened before from the black and white battlefield and entering the sound wave interface through the space channel. They knew very well how powerful that kind of decomposition ability was. If they enter the passage without any precautions and encounter this kind of decomposition ability, they will be dead, so Zhao Hai's decision is definitely correct.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and then said: "There are three things we have to do next. First, further control the black and white battlefield. There is an ascension platform there. We need to completely control it. Live, because that is where we recruit new people. Second, we must do a good job in the final defense of the sound wave interface and make the defense here stronger so that we will not be afraid that others will attack us. Third, Just to explore the new interface and see what the new interface will look like.”

Everyone responded in unison. Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "I think I will leave it to Master Yao to take charge of the black and white battlefield. Now we still have some control over the black and white battlefield. Not enough. At that time, in order to conquer the sonic interface, we transferred almost everyone to the sonic interface. There was no systematic education and transformation process for those who ascended, so now we have to test them one by one and then kill them. Among those who resist, this method is used to make those people join our Blood Killing Sect. Although the people gained by this method will be very loyal, the losses are also too great. Therefore, Master Yao, your task is to formulate a more An effective method is to educate and transform all ascended people. In this way, I think most of them will join our Blood Killing Sect. And for those who are really rebellious, don’t be soft and pull them straight. Just deal with it.”

Yao Jianhao stood up, responded, and then sat down again. Zhao Hai continued: "As for the sonic interface, we only need to be well defensive here. There is no anti-people here, and it can be used as a base for us. , but it must be a very strong base, because now we still have two major enemies, one is the people from the Wanshan Realm, and the other is the Shadow Clan, so we have to be careful, step by step, and build more bases. To prevent them from entering here and attacking us."

Everyone agreed, and then Zhao Hai continued: "The last thing is to explore the new interface. We first need to find out whether there is the power of the Shadow Clan's laws there, and at the same time, we also need to know what we have to face there. Which race is it? After we understand these, we will enter that interface."

Everyone nodded. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then it's decided. Let's take action. Uncle Yao, you can go to the Black and White Battlefield now. The second screening will be held soon. Let's start. You are going to preside over it. If you need anything, just come to the sect to get it. You must make it honest." Yao Jianhao responded, stood up with the others, then turned and left.

After everyone left, Laura, who had not left, said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, Fa Jing doesn't know about the Tian Long Ba Bu. That's even weirder. The Tian Long Ba Bu and those ancient songs are all Where did it come from? This space is too weird. Could it be that the people who created this space also came from the earth?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "I can't explain this clearly now. I'm afraid no one can explain it clearly. It's too weird. The Dharma they practice in Fajing is different from the Dharma we know. He doesn’t know the existence of the Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons. He doesn’t know many of the scriptures I recited before. This is enough to explain the problem. So he must not know those ancient songs either. The reason why I didn’t tell those ancient songs Just because we didn’t want them to know about it, we only had to fight one interface after another, and finally conquered all these interfaces. Maybe we will know why the powerful one knew these things in the first place.”

Laura said with some confusion: "Is it possible? That powerful person will let us know how he knows the Eight Tribes of the Dragon and those ancient songs? It shouldn't be possible, right? If it were me, I wouldn't know it." Zai Lao In La's opinion, the great master should not let others know his true identity. You must know that he did not know at the beginning that he would pass away before refining this interface. If he refined these interfaces, he would What he regards as his space weapon here is to be used against the enemy. In this case, how could he leave something about himself in this interface.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Now we can only give it a try, because no matter what, we have to conquer these interfaces, and it is best to integrate them all into the Xuanwu space. As for how the powerful one can Those who know the Eight Parts of Tianlong and those ancient songs, even if we don’t know it here, we can go to Wanshan Realm and slowly trace it out, there’s nothing extraordinary about it.”

Laura nodded and said in a deep voice: "This can only be the case now, so what we have to do next is to find out about the new interface, but as you said, the new interface, No matter which race we encounter, it is not easy to deal with, because the races we will face next are all very good at fighting.

Zhao Hai nodded, sighed softly and said: "Yes, the races we will face next are all good at fighting. I am really very curious. What kind of race will we face next? What kind of race, Tianlong Babu, haha, eight interfaces, conquer these eight interfaces, the area of ​​​​our Xuanwu Space will be larger."

Laura and the others nodded, and Zhao Hai then said, "Do you think there will be any problems with letting Master Uncle Yao manage the Black and White Battlefield?" The reason why Zhao Hai sent Yao Jianhao to manage the Black and White Battlefield was because Yao Jianhao was also in the same sect before. Lord, he is very experienced in recruiting disciples, so he will definitely come up with some tests, so that the number of disciples recruited in the black and white battlefield will increase, and it will not be like now, every time he recruits disciples into The Blood Killing Sect requires killing many people. Although there are many people left, the loss is too great, but he is still a little uneasy, so he wants to hear Laura and the others' opinions. 7119