c7038 Talent

Zhao Hai put down the jade slip, looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and said with a smile: "Yes, this plan is very good. Our Blood Killing Sect does not need to take too many risks. What we want to pursue is to move forward step by step and slowly." If we push forward, we can achieve final victory, so I think your plan is very good and can be carried out."

As soon as he heard what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but be overjoyed. He immediately said: "Boss, let's get ready. We will definitely complete this plan. We will definitely do it." Wen Wenhai was very excited, not only But he and others are also very excited, because this plan will be completed by them alone, but Zhao Hai will not take action.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, let's get ready. By the way, remember, when sending the first group of people to enter that interface, there must be a master in charge. The enemy cannot take advantage of it. If the enemy sends If the masters come to deal with you, but you don't have the corresponding masters to deal with it, it will be very troublesome. Although the combat power of the Blood Killing Battle Fort is very powerful and its defense is also very strong, but facing a single master, the Blood Killing Battle Castle will be very troublesome. The castle won’t take any advantage.”

Wen Wenhai and the others responded, stood up, and were about to turn around and leave. Zhao Hai suddenly said, "Fajing, please stay for a while, and Chunming, you can also stay for a while." Fajing and Ding Chunming responded, and they all They all stayed, but Wen Wenhai turned around and left. They were going to work on their own plans.

Ding Chunming has followed Zhao Hai very early, even earlier than Wen Wenhai and the others. He has always been Zhao Hai's guard before. His strongest talent is his strength. Now, although Ding Chunming is no longer Zhao Hai's guard , but his strength is not bad at all. He has always been an important elder in the Blood Killing Sect, and he also manages some of the core disciples in the Blood Killing Sect and is the physical training teacher of those core disciples. , the status is very high.

However, Ding Chunming himself is a man of very few words. He is not very interested in how to command and fight. Although he has commanded some armies in the past, he does not want to command anymore, so he He became the physical training teacher of core disciples, but Zhao Hai trusted him very much.

Zhao Haixian did not speak to Ding Chunming, but turned to Fajing and said: "Fajing, I have some Buddhist scriptures here for you to study carefully. At the same time, you should also start to read some Buddhist scriptures you know. Write it all down. This is your mission for the next period of time. You don’t need to do anything else. Go ahead." After saying that, Zhao Hai gave a space bag to Fa Jing, who took it. After that, he saluted Zhao Hai, turned around and left.

In fact, Fajing has been wanting to tell Zhao Hai about this matter these days. He also discovered that Zhao Hai seemed to know many scriptures that he did not know, and he also knew many Buddhist Dharma that were completely different from the Dharma he had learned. So he was very curious. He wanted to study Zhao Haihui's scriptures carefully, but he had never had this opportunity. Zhao Hai had been resting in the previous period. He was not in the Xuanwu space. No one could find him. He could only find him through When the teleportation array contacted Zhao Hai, Fa Jing naturally had no way to make his request, but he didn't expect that Zhao Hai would give him those Buddhist scriptures today, which really made him a little excited, but he is a monk, The Dharma is profound, and although it cannot be said that the mind is as still as still water, the skill of cultivating the mind is not bad, so it is not shown.

Zhao Hai had no idea about Fa Jing's performance. He turned to look at Ding Chunming and said with a smile: "Chunming, how have you been during this period?" Zhao Hai asked how the disciples he taught were doing during this period. Zhao Hai has great confidence in Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming is one of the few people who knows about the existence of his space. Ding Chunming’s wife and children have lived in the space for a long time. Until the Xuanwu Space was built, Zhao Hai Only then did they put their whole family in the Xuanwu Space. In the past, Ding Chunming could only go to the space to reunite with his family.

Ding Chunming also knew what Zhao Hai meant. He immediately raised his fist towards Zhao Hai and said: "Master, this new disciple has performed very well these days. I have really discovered a few talents, but Among them, the best performers are Master Sheng Si, Gouzi, and Li Wenying. With the help of his external avatar, Master Sheng Si’s attack methods are now more diverse, but he still uses the main He put all his energy into the attack of the magic circle, which he did very well. He could make his body incarnate into a huge magic circle defense line in a short time, and even in the shortest time, Let yourself incarnate outside the body and become a huge puppet. The combat power is very amazing. Gouzi is very good at physical training. His talent is not inferior to mine. As for Li Wenying, he is currently studying the divine machine, and he is in the divine machine. He is very talented in this set of exercises. Now that he is in seclusion, I think he will make great progress when he comes out of seclusion. They are the best performers, and the others are a little worse than them."

When Zhao Hai heard what Ding Chunming said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help laughing and said: "I really didn't expect that this kid Sizi has developed to this level now. It's very good. Even Gouzi has developed." Get up, that kid is born with a lack of foresight, you should pay more attention to him. As for Li Wenying, he just joined our Blood Killing Sect, and his foundation should be the weakest, but you have such a high opinion of him. , it means that he is indeed a capable person, so you should pay close attention to him and see how strong he is. Also pay attention to his character and whether he really wants to join our Blood Killing Sect. , these people are very important to our Blood Killing Sect, and their future development will have a certain impact on our Blood Killing Sect, so you have to pay more attention."

Ding Chunming responded, and Zhao Hai said with a smile: "You were originally a brave general in our Blood Killing Sect, but over the years, you have been letting people do the work of training people. Aren't you a little annoyed?" Zhao Hai said Ding Chunming's strength is still very well understood. Ding Chunming is usually very low-key, but Zhao Hai is very clear that Ding Chunming's strength is very powerful. There is a trace of mutation in his blood; Yes, so far, there are only a few people in the entire Blood Killing Sect who can defeat him in terms of strength. He is considered one. He must also transform to defeat Ding Chunming. Yao Jianhao is considered one. , Yao Jianhao is also gifted, and his strength is also natural. In addition, his starting point is much higher than Ding Chunming, so he is better than Ding Chunming in strength, but when it comes to defense, Yao Jianhao is really He is not necessarily Ding Chunming's opponent. Ding Chunming has been personally guided by Zhao Hai. His defense is very strong. It can be said that Ding Chunming is definitely a hidden master in the Blood Killing Sect. His strength is definitely not as good as now. Time is bad.

The reason why Zhao Hai hasn't given Ding Chunming any tasks recently is actually very simple. He just wants Ding Chunming to concentrate on his training. The Blood Killing Sect needs masters. It needs masters so much. Don't look at the current strength of the Blood Killing Sect. It seems to be pretty good. , but it relies on the power of the battle formation. There are not many real masters. There are probably not a thousand people who can be considered masters now, including Zhao Hai.

Although everyone in the Blood Killing Sect now has external incarnations, relying on the armor formed by the external incarnations and the energy provided by the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool, their strength will become very powerful and can compete with any sect. But when it comes to real masters, they still have nothing to offer, and a sect that can really intimidate others is precisely these masters. As for the Blood Killing Sect, only Zhao Hai can take it without force. Take action.

Although the combat effectiveness of those armors is very powerful, in front of real masters, they may not be enough. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai wants to train some masters as soon as possible. Ding Chunming is one of the representatives. He doesn't like to manage military affairs, nor does he like to manage too many affairs, but he has never given up on training, and he trains very seriously, so Zhao Hai gave them the task of training disciples. There are not many disciples to train, and they are all the most elite disciples, so that he will not have too much work every day and have a lot of time to spend on training.

Ding Chunming is a pure physical cultivator, and if a physical cultivator wants to become stronger, he needs a lot of time to polish his body. It is precisely because of this that Ding Chunming needs a lot of time to cultivate. This kind of training is impossible to complete in the real illusion, so Zhao Haicai gave him such a task.

Ding Chunming can be said to be Zhao Hai's true confidant. Even if Wen Wenhai betrays Zhao Hai, Ding Chunming will not betray him because he is a person branded by space. It is precisely because of this that Ding Chunming is absolutely impossible Zhao Hai trusted him the most, so he put great effort into cultivating Ding Chunming.

When Ding Chunming heard Zhao Hai ask him this question, he couldn't help but smile and said: "No, young master, I am actually living a very happy life now. My wife and children are living very well now. Although my children are not as good as mine." The talent is good, but his talent is not bad either. In addition to training, I now have a lot of time to spend with them, and I am really happy."

Zhao Hai nodded, patted Ding Chunming's shoulder and said: "Work hard. Now you know the situation of the sect. We will enter the Wanshan Realm in the future and face all the enemies there. As for the sect, if the sect does not have a group of capable masters by then, it will be impossible to gain a foothold in the Wanshan Realm, because when we reach the Wanshan Realm, it is very likely that we will become the Wanshan of the Shadow Clan. The common enemy of all sects in the world, so we must be careful."

Ding Chunming responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "Go, your task now is to practice, improve your own strength, and at the same time train those boys well, so that our Blood Killing Sect Only then can he remain so strong, and be able to fight against the Shadow Clan and the people in the Wanshan Realm." 5619