c7030 Mutation

Zhao Hai nodded, then he glanced at the area and said in a deep voice: "It seems that this place wants to be completely retracted. I'm afraid it will take some time. I'll watch here while you go back to manage the sect's affairs. , tell all the disciples of the sect to be ready for battle, and to turn on the protective shield of the sect’s array to the strongest, and go ahead." Wen Wenhai responded, then saluted Zhao Hai, turned around and left .

After Wen Wenhai left, Zhao Hai sat down cross-legged, looked at the area, and murmured: "Interesting, someone actually wants to use my hand to get closer to his own strength. It's really a Genius, I really want to see who you are." After saying that, Zhao Hai closed his eyes and sat there quietly.

After Wen Wenhai returned to the Blood Killing Sect, he immediately began to organize the Blood Killing Sect's disciples and began to prepare for the battle with all his strength. The Blood Killing Sect's defense level was also raised to the highest level. The Blood Killing Sect's disciples also discovered that After noticing the changes in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, no one of them said anything, and they immediately followed the instructions.

Seven days have passed like this. During these seven days, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has been slowly shrinking. Now it has shrunk to only one foot in size, turning into a completely black liquid, pitch black, you It's impossible to see what's inside.

Zhao Hai stood about a foot in front of the liquid and looked at the liquid quietly. The liquid was swelling and shrinking. It looked like it was breathing, and it seemed that the heart was moving. It was beating slowly, which made Zhao Hai even more curious. He really wanted to see what would appear in this liquid.

At this moment, the sudden mass of liquid shrank inward, and the next moment it had completely disappeared. But in the middle of the shrinking body, something new appeared. To put it bluntly, two There is a person in the statue. The two statues are not big, just like the flying statue that Zhao Haizui saw at the beginning. They are a man and a woman. The man is strong and holds a pipa in his hand, while the woman is beautiful and has a straight face. Standing there with a smile on her face, her body fluttering in gauze, she looked very beautiful, as if she could come back to life at any time.

This statue is the Kinnara statue. Zhao Hai also felt the Buddha's power from this statue, but just like the Feitian statue he saw at the beginning, this Buddha's power is like an iron block, a dead body. If you want this Buddha's power to come to life, it must be consecrated.

And just in front of these two statues, there was a man sitting. He was a very handsome man wearing a black robe. He looked to be in his thirties. His face was very white and he had no beard. He has long black hair, and on his forehead, there is a black crystal-like thing that seems to be growing on his forehead. This crystal-like thing has a very strange shape and looks like a The eyes are the same and look very strange.

He is sitting there with his eyes closed, but even so, there is a strange attraction on his body, and it also puts a lot of pressure on people. Of course, for Zhao Hai, there is no such pressure at all. What a big deal, so Zhao Hai just looked at him curiously and didn't even bother him.

After a while, the man slowly opened his eyes. When he saw his eyes, Zhao Hai was stunned, because there were no whites or pupils in his eyes, but they were completely black. They looked like Like black crystal, the shape of the eyes on his forehead is very similar, except that the eyes on his forehead are vertical, while his own eyes are horizontal. These eyes seem to have magic power. Just looking at you, it seems as if your soul can be sucked into these eyes. Of course, this does not have much impact on Zhao Hai.

The man stood up slowly. His movements were not fast, as if he had not been active for a long time, and his body was a little stiff. However, after he stood up, his body straightened up, and his whole body made a crackling sound. Then he regained his vitality.

After he finished everything, he turned his attention to Zhao Hai. He looked at Zhao Hai curiously, and then said in a deep voice: "Did you help me?" His voice was very clear and clear. It sounded very nice, and seemed to have a hint of goodwill, but Zhao Hai did not lose his vigilance because of this.

Zhao Hai looked at him and said in a deep voice: "I didn't help you, I just wanted to occupy this place. I never thought about helping you, but you can figure out how to integrate the power of law into your body. I still admire you very much." Zhao Hai has already seen that this man has completely integrated the power of the Shadow Clan's laws into his body, which makes him become the power of the laws, and the power of the laws is He became him, and he did this. As long as the power of the law did not disappear, he would not die. It can be said that he used this method to obtain an alternative kind of immortality.

Of course, his combat effectiveness will also be very powerful, because he has integrated the power of law, so his combat effectiveness will also become very powerful. The most important thing is that what he has integrated is the power of law here in the sound wave interface. Although he What is integrated is only the power of laws of the Shadow Clan here in the sound wave interface, but in these years, there are also some other things in the power of laws of the Shadow Clan, and even part of the power of laws here in the sound wave interface exists, so his current The combat power should be very strong.

The original power of laws here in the sonic world should have the power of Buddha, including sonic attacks, phantom arrays and other means. But now that the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan here has been integrated into his body, he is also, At the same time, he obtained these powers, and because these powers were integrated with him, they seemed to have become part of his body. He can use them at will, and the power is very huge, so this guy's strength will definitely be very high. of terror.

The man looked at Zhao Hai, nodded and said: "Whether it was intentional or unintentional, you helped me. I want to thank you very much. Also, you brought so many people here. This makes me happy." I am even more grateful to you, so I decided to make you my subordinate, so that you can help me conquer all interfaces and achieve supreme glory."

Zhao Hai looked at the man's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "You're welcome, I'm not ready to agree to you, but to be honest, I'm even more curious about your identity. If I guessed it right, you They should be people who ascended from the lower world, and from the looks of it, I am afraid that the ascension platform here has been destroyed by someone, right?"

The man looked at Zhao Hai, as if he wanted to see through Zhao Hai, and then he said: "You are a smart man, really very smart, what you said is right, I did fly up from the lower world, here The ascension platform was indeed destroyed by me. Those people didn't even admire me for grabbing this opportunity. You guessed it right, but don't you know that it is not a good thing for a subordinate to be too smart? ?”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "I'm not your subordinate. I really don't know where you got the confidence to think that you can defeat me. As you said before, if this time Without us, you would never succeed. In this case, what qualifications do you have to make me surrender to you?"

The man looked at Zhao Hai and laughed suddenly. He nodded and said: "Yes, yes, I appreciate you more and more now. A capable person must have some temper. It's impossible." If I say a few words, you will surrender to me immediately. I must let you know my strength, and then you will truly surrender to me. In this way, you will not betray me again in the future. Very good, I really I really appreciate you."

Zhao Hai looked at him, suddenly shook his head and said: "I really don't know what to say. Have you stayed here for a long time and made your head stupid? Do you really think You can defeat me by integrating the power of the Shadow Clan's laws? Are your thoughts too naive?"

"The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan? Is there such a race? Why haven't I heard of it?" When the man heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but become curious. He looked at Zhao Hai with a puzzled face. Obviously , he didn’t know the existence of the Shadow Clan at all, nor did he know that the power of law here was the power of the Shadow Clan’s law.

Zhao Hai looked at him and smiled slightly: "It seems that you really don't know. It's no wonder. You ascended from the lower realm. When you were in the lower realm, you probably never saw the Shadow Clan people, nor did you hear anything. Having said that you are a member of the Shadow Clan, it is understandable that you don’t know the existence of the Shadow Clan. However, if you can attract the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws into your body and merge with yourself, you are really a genius. To be honest, I really admire you a little."

The man looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "In that case, why don't you surrender to me? I have integrated the power of the law. I am the power of the law. What I say is the law. I can give you immortality. Why don't you surrender to me? As long as you surrender to me, you can live forever."

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "You have integrated the power of law, but this does not mean that what you say becomes a law. I also have my own power of law. What I say does not become a law. I want to live forever. I can fight for it on my own without you giving it to me. In addition, I have a big feud with the Shadow Clan, and I will definitely destroy them. If you merge with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, it means that you too A Shadow Clan, although you are not a pure Shadow Clan, you can no longer become a monk, so you must die."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, the man couldn't help but froze. He looked at Zhao Hai, laughed suddenly and said: "You said you also integrated the power of law? Hahahaha, you said you can cultivate it yourself. Practice to the point of immortality? Hahahaha, you said you want to kill me? Hahaha, this is really the funniest joke, it really made me laugh to death." As he said this, he laughed loudly. He was out of breath, as if he had heard the funniest joke in the world. It looked like he was really curious about what Zhao Hai said, and he did not feel that Zhao Hai's words were a threat at all. . 19