c7034 flaw

In fact, it is not only Zhao Hai who is trying to exploit Yue Wuying's weaknesses, but Yue Wuying is also trying to exploit Zhao Hai's weaknesses, but he has never found it. Zhao Hai's three thousand white hair is really too weird. Not only can it be almost infinite It is extremely elongated and very tough, capable of attacking and defending. Facing such a magical weapon, Yue Wuying really has no good solution.

It is precisely because of this that Yue Wuying has been thinking about what kind of method should be used to deal with Zhao Hai in one fell swoop? He believed that Zhao Hai would definitely have a flaw, but where was the flaw? Because Yue Wuying has always had the upper hand, he can think about this matter calmly.

Zhao Hai was watching Yue Wuying's attack. He was feeling what the energy in Yue Wuying's attack was like. When Yue Wuying attacked, the ability he used was based on the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Lord, there is still some penetrating power of sound waves in it, but Zhao Hai did not feel much Buddha power. It can even be said that he could hardly feel it. Zhao Hai did not notice this at first, but slowly he began to feel it. Discovering this also shocked his spirit.

Zhao Hai immediately thought of something, that is why there was no Buddha power in Yue Wuying's attack. There was Buddha power in the previous curse, and there was a lot of Buddha power. Although among the two statues The Buddhist power is as stubborn as a stone, but the ground here is a pure land. They can still absorb some Buddhist power from the pure land, and even people like the Queen of Flowers can use part of the Buddhist power to add to the curse. It's impossible that Yue Wuying can't add Buddha's power to his energy, right? But he didn't do that. Why didn't he do that? There may be only one reason why he doesn't do this, and that is that he can't let the Buddha's power coexist with the power of the Shadow Clan's law, because the power of the Shadow Clan's law and the power of the Buddha actually conflict, and now the Shadow Clan The power of the law of the Shadow Clan has been integrated with him. In fact, to a certain extent, it is equivalent to being compressed. In this case, the Buddha's power, which originally had no impact on the power of the Shadow Clan's law, may affect the Shadow Clan. After all, they are completely opposite and even conflicting energies. In this case, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will completely eliminate the Buddha's power.

But it may be because they have been in this space city for too long, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has been partially separated from the Buddha's power. They cannot completely discharge the Buddha's power from their bodies, so Zhao Hai can still From Yue Wuying's attack, he felt a trace of Buddhist power.

But even though that trace of Buddha's power was attacking him with Yue Wuying's energy, Zhao Hai could feel that there was always a slight incompatibility between that trace of Buddha's power and Yue Wuying's power. In other words, the power of that silk conflicted with Yue Wuying's ability. This discovery made Zhao Hai's eyes light up.

Zhao Hai then focused his attention on the two statues. Those two statues were the statues of Kinnara in the Eight Parts of the Heavenly Dragon. As long as they were consecrated, the originally lifeless Buddha power in their bodies would immediately come to life. , by that time, this Buddhist power will envelope the entire sound wave interface and enter the bodies of all people in the sound wave interface. Naturally, it will also enter Yue Wuying's body. For Yue Wuying, this is not necessarily the case. What a good thing.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have all undergone initiation, so they will not have any impact on this trace of Buddhist power. However, for Yue Wuying, the impact is great. He now has Buddhist power in his body. There are few, so the power of his Shadow Clan Law can still suppress those Buddhist powers. However, if a large amount of active Buddha Power pours into his body, the power of the Shadow Clan Law in his body can still suppress it. Can you live in Buddha's power?

As soon as he thought of this, Zhao Hai already had a way to deal with Yue Wuying, and began to slowly expand the protection range of Baifa Sanqianzhang, so that it looked like he was advancing Yue Wuying, and Yue Wuying would also think so, But in fact, he wanted to expand the two statues to within three thousand feet of his white hair, and then consecrate them.

As long as the consecration is performed, Yue Wuying is finished. But if he wants to bloom, he must recite sutras. This takes a certain amount of time, and he must be very close to the two statues. Only in this way can he start reciting sutras. Wen, when consecrating the two statues, if you want to remain calm, you must do it slowly.

Yue Wuying was originally thinking about finding Zhao Hai's flaw, but now that Bai Guang Sanqianzhang was slowly expanding outward, he was stunned. Then his attention was all attracted by Baifa Sanqianzhang's movements. , he didn’t know what Zhao Hai wanted to do, so he naturally had to deal with it carefully.

So slowly Yue Wuying was pushed back by Baifa Sanqianzhang. Soon he was far away from the two statues. At this time, Zhao Haiyue Wuying suddenly noticed the Blood Killing Sect. When other people saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect standing in formation outside, Yue Wuying's eyes suddenly lit up. He suddenly thought of Zhao Hai's flaw. Those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect , isn’t that Zhao Hai’s flaw? Zhao Hai has three thousand feet of white hair to protect him, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect do not. If he attacks the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then Zhao Hai will have to come to him and fight for his life. By then, he is afraid that Zhao Hai will not be able to break through. Is there a flaw?

When he thought of this, Yue Wuying couldn't help but be overjoyed. Just when he was about to attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, he saw Zhao Haitu's body move and appear in front of the two statues. Yue Wuying couldn't help but feel a little puzzled. , he also studied those two statues, and he found that there was a power in those two statues that made him very uncomfortable, and the most important thing was that he had no way to destroy those two statues, and the place where those two statues were located The location seems to be the most important location in this space, so he has been staying here. Now Zhao Hai has run to the location of the two statues. What does he want to do?

Just when Yue Wuying was puzzled, he saw Zhao Hai suddenly let go, and the white silk thread flew out from his hand, but the white silk thread was still protected around Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai At this time, Hai formed a seal with his hands, and then slowly began to pour out scriptures from his mouth.

Upon hearing Zhao Hai's actions, Yue Wuying couldn't help but be startled, and then he immediately felt a sense of crisis. He knew that the two statues had the power to make him very uncomfortable, that is, the power to restrain him. If Zhao Hai really If he could mobilize the power in those two statues, he would be in trouble. He knew that he could not wait any longer, he had to carry out his own plan.

When he thought of this, Yue Wuying snorted coldly, then laughed wildly and moved towards the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai naturally saw Yue Wuying's movements, and his eyes were smiling. It flashed, but it didn't stop, and it was still chanting the scriptures.

In Yue Wuying's view, attacking the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is indeed a flaw of Zhao Hai. How could Zhao Hai not have thought of it. He had already asked Wen Wenhai to raise the defense level of the Blood Killing Sect. Now the Blood Killing Sect's With the defensive formation fully open, its defensive power is no worse than Baifa Sanqianzhang, or even much stronger than Baifa Sanqianzhang. Therefore, Yue Wuying wants to attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to expose Zhao Hai's flaws. So what? Maybe.

In fact, this was originally another trap prepared by Zhao Hai for Yue Wuying. Yue Wuying thought it was Zhao Hai's flaw, but in fact it was Zhao Hai who deliberately exposed it for Yue Wuying to find out. When Yue Wuying thought it was Zhao Hai's flaw, When Zhao Hai's breakthrough begins, Zhao Hai will know the direction of his attack and find his location. Then he can directly use the power of magic to trap him there, and then use the white hair to kill him. .

Of course Yue Wuying didn't know this. He rushed towards the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, before he could reach the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, he found that he seemed to have fallen into a quagmire. Likewise, the air around him suddenly became extremely heavy, and the space around him seemed to be squeezing towards him. Although he could still move, the speed he was proud of had completely disappeared. His progress became extremely slow.

At this time, Zhao Hai's projection was still explaining to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect: "This is a flaw of mine. The enemy will definitely find it. If he finds that there is nothing he can do against me who is protected by three thousand feet of white hair, he will think of it. If he wants to kill you, you cannot be his opponent. At that time, you will be massacred by him, and it is impossible for me to watch him massacre you. When the time comes, I will have to come to him to fight for my life, and then I will definitely have a flaw. , he can kill me then, but he doesn’t know that this is a trap I deliberately set. If he attacks you, I will use the power of the magic circle to trap him there, and then deal with him. , but now this trick is actually of no use. I have found a way to deal with him, which is these two statues. These two statues are the same as the statues in the black and white battlefield. As long as they go through the flowering, they will not If the Buddha's power is aroused in the entire interface, the Buddha's power will enter the bodies of all living creatures in the interface, and of course it will also enter Yue Wuying's body. The energy in Yue Wuying's body conflicts with the Buddha's power. If he is not dead, he will shed his skin, and this is exactly what I need. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect below should pay attention and prepare to receive the power of Buddha to imbue their bodies immediately. This is good for you. Get ready. ." After saying that, Zhao Hai's projection disappeared, and the huge projection in the sky also disappeared.

As soon as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard what Zhao Hai's projection said, they immediately knew what to do. They immediately sat cross-legged on the ground, preparing for the Buddha's power to pour into their bodies. They knew that this was They have also experienced the rare opportunity of Foli Infusion, and it will bring them huge benefits for the first time. Of course, they will not let go of this opportunity.

At this moment, bursts of dazzling golden light suddenly appeared on the two statues. This golden light shot straight into the sky. Then everyone felt that bursts of Sanskrit sounds came from their ears. This sound made them Their souls felt extremely peaceful, as if they had been soaked in a hot spring. They felt comfortable everywhere, from inside to outside, but their souls were also extremely peaceful. It's like being baptized from mind to body. 19