c7033 explain

Zhao Hai looked at Yue Wuying. His face was very calm, and even his eyes did not change. However, the corners of his eyes twitched when Yue Wuying said those words. He had been paying close attention to Zhao Hai's Yue Wuying. Wuying noticed this change on Zhao Hai's face, and he became more sure of his thoughts. He felt that Zhao Hai had been tricked by what he said, and that's why he had such a change in expression.

Zhao Hai looked at Yue Wuying, snorted coldly and said: "Come on then, I really want to see if you can really consume more energy than me, come on." Following his voice, The first time he took the initiative, he saw a thin line and attacked Yue Wuying. As soon as Yue Wuying saw Zhao Hai's movements, a bright smile appeared on his face.

But what Yue Wuying didn't know was that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all staring blankly in front of them, because right in front of them, a huge projection appeared. In the Xuanwu space, there was also such a projection. There was a huge projection. Not only was there a projection, but there was also someone explaining the battle between the two people, and the person explaining it was none other than Zhao Hai.

I saw Zhao Hai's projection, now on top of the huge projection. Now the previous conversation between Zhao Hai and Yue Wuying was being played back on the projection. I saw Zhao Hai pointing at the change in the expression on his face. , and then said: "I have told everyone before, that Yue Wuying, the biggest threat to me is actually his curse technique. We have encountered several curses here at the sound wave interface before, and their curse here The curse is very special. It uses the curse technique, fuses the power of Buddha, and adds the sound wave illusion to form this very special curse. It is actually very troublesome to break this curse. Let's kill it with blood. Zong Dajun, after a hard battle, took such a long time to break through. If the opponent is allowed to have such a curse, it will be very troublesome, because he has already used the power of the Shadow Clan's laws and the sonic attack ability. There is also a trace of Buddhist power that has been completely integrated into his body, so if he has this curse, it will only make this curse more powerful. So when I fight with him, the last thing I want to do is let him Use this power."

At this point, Zhao Hai paused and said, "But when he saw this person, he had already merged with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and judging from his appearance, he was no longer prepared to make two meals a day. Oh my god, that means that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is not just randomly found by someone to fuse with it. This person originally wanted to merge with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. In order to more smoothly integrate with the Shadow Clan's laws, With the fusion of power, he sent all the other ascended people to die in the curse. I had tested this point before when I was talking to people. I asked him if he had destroyed this layer of interface. Ascension platform, he admitted it, which is enough to explain the problem. I have always wondered why there are so few people here in the sound wave interface. I think it is because some people cannot survive in the power of Shadow Clan's laws. Therefore, some people died, but they were killed by Yue Wuying. He wanted to get immortality for himself, but here, he wanted to get immortality, but there was almost no way, because here was almost completely isolated from the outside world. Isolated, so he thought of a way to integrate with the power of law. He could use this method to gain immortality. But if he could think of it, it meant that other people might also think of it, so he took action against other people. , killed the others, and it is precisely because of this that there are so few people left here."

Zhao Hai looked at the other people in the Blood Killing Sect and said solemnly: "When we fight against the enemy, we not only have to look at the person's background and what kind of skills he uses, we also need to look at his personality. How, especially when we are facing people who are equal to or even stronger than us, we must analyze them as much as possible and in the shortest possible time. How is his skill, what is his strength, what is he good at, what is not good at, under what circumstances can we develop our strength to the maximum, and under what circumstances can we maximize his strength? Playing to the worst, only by analyzing all these, can we defeat them, even defeat them easily."

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all listened to Zhao Hai's words seriously. They knew that it was the real Zhao Hai who spoke. In other words, Zhao Hai was fighting Yue Wuying while explaining to them distractedly. Such strength surprised them, and at the same time they admired them very much, especially Li Wenying, who listened even more seriously.

What Li Wenying is currently studying is the Divine Machine. He feels that he has a complete understanding of the various moves and changes of the Divine Machine. Now he is studying and wants to see the mechanisms mentioned in the Divine Machine. What do those mechanisms look like when they are launched, so that he can know what kind of power the divine machine uses in this move? Now he has some ideas, but to be honest, he He still felt that something was wrong. Until now, he didn't know what was wrong with him. Now he knew. He knew what was wrong. What was wrong was that he was missing that part. Calculation.

The divine machine is a very complex attack method, but whether it is a machine technique or a technique like the divine machine, to put it bluntly, it is a calculation, calculating the enemy, and using the most appropriate moves at the most appropriate time. Sometimes the most lethal move is not necessarily the most suitable. He has never figured this out. It was only now that he listened to Zhao Hai's explanation that he finally understood what was going on.

At this time, I heard Zhao Hai continue: "After roughly guessing what he did, I almost know for sure that he is a very talented person, but also very selfish, and very... A person who is good at calculation, even he is very suspicious, saying that he has good talent, he can ascend, and after ascending, he can practice in the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and he can also think that it is easy to compete with the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, His talent will naturally be very good. He is selfish because he destroyed the ascension platform. He destroyed the ascension platform just to prevent others from ascending here and competing with him for the opportunity here, so he is selfish. He is good at calculation, that's because he can get to where he is today, but others can't. He can send others to death, but others can't. This is the manifestation of his good calculation. To say that he is suspicious is just that Because he killed other people, maybe just because he was worried that other people would also think of merging with the power of law, so he took action. From this point of view, he must be very suspicious."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai glanced at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then said: "With these speculations, we can almost make some of the following arrangements, but then I thought of the power of law between him and the Shadow Clan. fused, then he will definitely be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. As I said before, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is alive. If he is alive, it will naturally affect Yue Wuying, and I I have always been hostile to the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, so the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan will affect Yue Wuying, making Yue Wuying regard me as an enemy. In addition, he is a suspicious person, so he is It was impossible for him to believe what I said. It was precisely because he didn't believe it that I told him the truth. I told him that what I was most afraid of was his curse. I told the truth, but he didn't. I believe that because he is a suspicious person and a smart person, in his opinion, I will never tell the truth to his enemy. He thinks that what I tell must be lies and that I am trying to seduce him. Let me act according to my ideas, but unfortunately, he doesn't know that what I said is the truth, and I said it on purpose."

Zhao Hai then pointed to the projection, and an enlarged picture of his facial expression wrote: "Everyone has also seen that the expression on my face will have some changes, such as surprise, such as the twitching of the corners of my eyes. These seem to be Some very subtle changes, but these changes are actually signals I deliberately sent out, just to make him believe his own guesses, so that he would jump into the trap I set."

At this point he stopped, looked at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and said: "So far, Yue Wuying has fallen into my trap. He used his sword skills to deal with me instead of using his The power of the curse came to deal with me, and he also felt that because he was fused with the power of law, he was extremely powerful and had very strong endurance, so he was prepared to fight me for a long time, and this is exactly what I need. He just wants to fight him for a long time, firstly because I am not afraid of consumption, and secondly because I haven’t found the best way to deal with him yet, so I have to slowly fight against him for a long time. Discover his weaknesses and find the best way to deal with him, so you can defeat him."

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all fascinated. If Zhao Hai hadn't explained it to them, they would never have thought of a seemingly ordinary battle, but Zhao Hai thought of so much. And after planning so much, as Zhao Hai said, the other party has actually fallen into his trap without knowing it, so it will be difficult for the other party to defeat him. On the contrary, He wants to defeat the opponent, but it is not that difficult.

At this time, the battle between Zhao Hai and Yue Wuying was also going on. Zhao Hai, who had three thousand feet of white hair, was constantly fighting with Yue Wuying. Yue Wuying's swordsmanship was really very powerful. The method is very fast and the attack power is also very strong. Zhao Hai has not been able to catch his shadow until now. Although it was said that he was the first to attack Yue Wuying with his white hair three thousand feet, in fact, in the end, he has always been Yue Wuying was fighting around Zhao Hai. His speed was too fast, and Zhao Hai couldn't keep up with him, so Zhao Hai was always on the defensive.

But he never forgot to fight back, and he did so. In fact, he had been looking for Yue Wuying's flaws and prepared to destroy Yue Wuying in one fell swoop. 89