c7037 plan

When Laura heard Zhao Hai's question, she couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "I think it is very appropriate to let Uncle Yao manage the Black and White Battlefield. He was a sect leader before, and their Troll Demon Sect was one of the top ten sects at that time. For He is very experienced in how to select disciples, and he is not a soft-hearted person. I believe that the loyalty of those selected by him to join the Killing with Our Blood Sect is guaranteed. After that, , even if there is no guarantee, so what, as long as they join our Blood Killing Sect and become our disciples, they will have external incarnations and energy array incarnations. With these things in their Are you still worried about whether they will rebel?"

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Conquer these interfaces, train troops through these interfaces, and then we can enter the Wanshan Realm. I really want to see, by that time, the people in the Wanshan Realm will , how can we stop the army of my Blood Killing Sect and those Shadow Clan people? I really want to see where these Shadow Clan people come from and why they appear here."

Laura and the others did not speak, they just stood beside Zhao Hai. They are the people closest to Zhao Hai. No matter what decision Zhao Hai makes, they will support Zhao Hai, and they also believe that Zhao Hai will definitely If they succeed, they will definitely follow Zhao Hai and gain eternal life.

Zhao Hai knew what Laura and the others were thinking, he smiled slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's go back to the space to rest, and leave the outside matters to Wen Hai and the others. I can't do everything. Well, what else are they going to do in that case? We can just take advantage of this opportunity to have a good rest."

Laura and the others naturally would not object, so they entered the space directly. The environment there was the environment they were most familiar with. To be honest, the space was their home and they were the most comfortable in the space. , the most relaxing, which provides them with the greatest sense of security.

In the following days, Zhao Hai received news one after another. First, all the arrays on the sonic interface were arranged, the defenses here were all completed, and the entire space was covered by a huge shield. If an enemy wants to attack them, they can mobilize all their power at any time to deal with the enemy, and the energy source in this space is actually the two statues, which makes the defense of this space more powerful. .

The sound wave interface here is equivalent to the whole being consecrated by him, so the Buddhist power in the interface is very sufficient. This is definitely a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect like this environment very much. , even those disciples who practice defense against yin energy, they also like such an environment. After all, their dharma and their external incarnations all have scriptures, and the power of Buddha is also very helpful to them. big.

The second news is that the latest round of disciple selection at the Black and White Battlefield has been completed. Although many people have been killed, a lot of disciples have also been received at once, and these disciples are still the same as before, except for the last Except for those who were very close to the Blood Killing Sect from the beginning, the others were all dead warriors. However, Zhao Hai had made all of the original dead warriors become peripheral disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. But those who originally joined the Blood Killing Sect and became peripheral disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have now become official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

These two pieces of news are of course the most important news. At the same time, Zhao Hai also got another piece of news, that is, they have started making detection balls and are preparing to detect the next interface. Zhao Hai is not ready to see it. , just leave everything to him and they will do it.

Soon Zhao Hai received the news. Wen Yuming and the others had begun to detect another interface, and the results were obtained, but the results were very disappointing. They found that the interface was completely filled with black mist. , that is to say, the power of Shadow Clan's laws is all there, and they can't see anything else at all.

After receiving the news and having almost rested, Zhao Hai walked out of the space and came to the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect. After he sat down in the main hall, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice. Said: "I think everyone already knows the results of the other interface detection. There is the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan there. It is precisely because of the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan that we can't see anything. We don't know. What do you think about this situation?"

Wen Wenhai stood up and said in a deep voice: "Boss, looking at this situation, I'm afraid that the shadow clan's law power will be present in the interfaces we have to face in the future. Although the space channel has decomposed ability, but this decomposition ability seems to be of no use to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Therefore, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, after entering the black and white battlefield from the passages to the outside space from the Black and White War, The space passages that penetrate these interiors have entered other interfaces. If there are really only eight interfaces here, after so many years, these eight interfaces should all be filled with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. No. With that interface, there is no power of ShadowClan’s laws.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He recognized Wen Wenhai's statement, because this was the only reason he could think of that could explain why the sonic interface and another interface both contained the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , if it were not for the penetration of those space channels, the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan would never be able to enter the sonic interface and other interfaces. After all, the only channel between them and other interfaces is the internal space channel, and that space channel It can still only lead to the black and white battlefield, and only the black and white battlefield has a spatial passage to the outside world.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Zhao Hai nodding, he continued: "So even if we are doing reconnaissance now, it is of no use. On the contrary, it may attract the other party's attention. I mean, we still use our last attack The sonic interface method involves sending people directly into that interface, occupying space there, and becoming our base. We have already discovered during previous experiments that there is no no-fly in that space."

Zhao Hai nodded and then said: "Okay, let's do this. We will use the old method and send people directly to occupy a place and establish a base. What can you do? Or just send people there directly? "Zhao Hai really doesn't plan to take too many actions this time. After all, he is now the leader of a sect, and he just wants to take advantage of the opportunity to start a war with these interfaces to train the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If he had always been the one to take action. , then when the Blood Killing Sect faces a similar situation in the future and he has no way to take action, what will they do? Can we just watch? That's why Zhao Hai is not ready to take action.

Wen Wenhai and the others had obviously already made a case, so he directly took out a jade slip and gave it to Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, this is an action plan that people from our headquarters have come up with. Take a look, if If it is feasible, then we will do it directly." As he said this, he gave Zhao Hai the jade slip in his hand.

Zhao Hai took the jade slip handed to him by Wen Wenhai. He was very satisfied with the performance of Wen Wenhai and the others. Now they have made a plan, which means that they did not expect Zhao Hai to take action from the very beginning. This is the attitude they should have. They can't always count on Zhao Hai to take action. If Zhao Hai has to take action in everything, then what else do they need to do to hold Zhao Hai back?

Obviously Wen Wenhai and the others had thought of this a long time ago, and they did not want Zhao Hai to take action anymore, which would appear to be too incompetent, so they directly made a plan and showed it to Zhao Hai. The plan was made after many discussions among them, and they found nothing wrong with it.

Zhao Hai took a look at the plan made by Wen Wenhai and the others. This plan is actually very simple to say, it is to give full play to the strengths of the Blood Killing Sect. What are the strengths of the Blood Killing Sect? Of course, it is the art of magic circle and the art of mechanism, so Wen Wenhai's method is to first make a teleportation array, and then wrap this teleportation array with a metal ball inside, and let the metal ball pass through the space channel. Although the decomposition ability in that space channel is stronger than the space channel where the Black and White Battlefield has entered the sonic interface, the decomposition ability has been calculated by Wen Yuming and they, and there will definitely be no problem. They can guarantee that the teleportation array will be , and it was sent to another interface very smoothly.

After the teleportation array reaches another interface, the mechanism inside will be opened and the magic circle will be spread out. At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will enter that space with the reduced Blood Killing Battle Fort. Then build a base as quickly as possible, so that they have a foothold and a blood-killing battle fortress. Then they can send a large number of disciples to enter that interface. I believe that after entering, the space of that interface will be The law should have reacted, and there will be an attack when the time comes. But with a base and the Blood Killing Battle Fort, I believe they can block the opponent's initial attack. As long as they can ensure that the base is not lost, they will They can send a steady stream of disciples into that space, and then they can use their old methods to eat away at that interface bit by bit.

There is nothing too surprising about this plan. It can only be regarded as stable. However, this plan is the most likely to succeed because there is nothing too surprising about it. In other words, it is very stable and does not require too many risks. place, so there won't be too much of a problem.

And Zhao Hai also understands why he sent a Blood Killing Battle Fort right away, because the Blood Killing Battle Fort can bring a lot of defense lines. After these defense lines arrive at that interface, they can be Release it as soon as possible to form a base. As long as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect follow up, the combat effectiveness of their base will be very strong. With the help of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, if they want to defend this Base, there shouldn't be any problems. Then they can carry out their plan step by step. 8919