c7035 Tragic death

"Ah~" A scream came. The sound was extremely shrill. It didn't sound like a human voice. It was as if this person had been subjected to the most cruel torture in the world. It was very scary. The moment the Sanskrit sound stopped, it reached the ears of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. The Blood Killing Sect disciples who were feeling the changes in their bodies and minds were all stunned. They all opened their eyes and screamed vigilantly. Looking in the direction where the voice came from.

Looking over, they were all stunned by what they saw. They found that the one who screamed was none other than Yue Wuying. They saw Yue Wuying, who originally looked a bit evil and handsome, and also seemed to have a formidable temperament. Wuying, now in extremely miserable condition, saw countless black pustules suddenly bulging out on his body. Those pustules were still bursting, and all the ruptured pustules were leaking black liquid. His whole body looked like Extremely miserable.

Zhao Hai was also standing there looking at Yue Wuying at this time. He also knew that Yue Wuying was caused by the energy conflict in his body. In other words, Yue Wuying was now obsessed. Being obsessed was very important to a monk. For him, it is definitely the most terrifying, and Yue Wuying can no longer be regarded as a real monk. He is a member of the Shadow Clan, so his obsession may be even more miserable than that of a monk.

Zhao Hai looked at Yue Wuying and almost knew what the consequences would be if the Shadow Tribe was attacked by Foli. It should be similar to Yue Wuying. No wonder Shi Jin and the others said that Foli was the nemesis of the Shadow Tribe. , This is indeed the case. If all the Shadow Tribe people attacked by Fo Li died like this, then it is really not an exaggeration to say that Fo Li is the nemesis of the Shadow Tribe people, and it is even an understatement.

Yue Wuying looked at his body. He no longer had the strength to attack Zhao Hai. On the contrary, he also saw Zhao Hai at this moment. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai's appearance, he immediately stretched out his hand towards Zhao Hai, sternly He said: "Help me, please, help me." He didn't want to die, so he asked Zhao Hai for help.

Zhao Hai looked at him, but shook his head, sighed and said: "I can't save you. It's them who attacked you this time, not me. I just woke them up." Zhao Hai said Hai pointed in the direction of the two statues, and Yue Wuying couldn't help but turn his head and look in the direction of the two statues.

You can see where the two statues are, there are now two extremely tall statues. The height of these two statues has reached about a thousand feet. One is a man and one is a woman. The man is strong and holding a pipa in his hand. The woman looks like She is very beautiful, with a smile on her face, which makes people feel like spring breeze at the sight of her.

Yue Wuying's face showed an expression of extreme shock and he even forgot to scream. After a while, he turned to look at Zhao Hai. Now he looked even more miserable. One of his eyes was blind. Just now, one of his eyes was like an inflated balloon, bulging out from his eye socket, and the balloon was still filled with black liquid. Then with a bang, the balloon It exploded, and the black liquid flew out, and finally turned into light smoke, and disappeared directly, and his eyes also turned into a big hole with black liquid gushing out.

Yue Wuying looked at Zhao Hai, with a trace of resentment in his only remaining eye. Finally, the trace of resentment completely disappeared. He said to Zhao Hai: "Kill me. Please, kill me." He now knew that it was impossible for Zhao Hai to save him, but he didn't want to suffer such a pain anymore, so he wanted Zhao Hai to kill him.

Zhao Hai looked at Yue Wuying's appearance and couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "I also want to kill you, but I can't. Now the two forces in your body are conflicting. If I attack you, I can only kill you." It will arouse the power of the Shadow Clan in his body, and he will atomize, but you will still return to your original state, so I can't kill you, but don't worry, you shouldn't be able to bear the sin for long, you will soon will die."

Yue Wuying looked at Zhao Hai, his eyes showed a trace of resentment again, and even a trace of madness, he roared: "It's you, it's all because of you, if it weren't for you, I would be You won't appear here, I hate it, I want to kill you, I want to kill you." After saying that, he rushed over like Zhao Hai. It seemed that he wanted to die with Zhao Hai, and his The speed was still very fast. As soon as he moved there, Zhao Hai's figure appeared right next to him.

But at this moment, a layer of golden light appeared around Zhao Hai's body. When this layer of golden light was pushed outward, Yue Wuying screamed and flew out, and Zhao Hai turned to look at Yue Wuying. Shadow said: "Humph, do you really think I don't know? There is a curse in this world that is directly used on the person who killed him. You just asked me to kill you because I just wanted to be on you. It's just a curse, so I won't do it, not because I'm afraid of your curse, but because I just want to see how you die miserably. For you who are so unrepentant, I have never No one will show mercy."

When Yue Wuying heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but reveal a look of despair. His only remaining eye was still staring at Zhao Hai, and after a while he said: "I curse you." , you must not die well, you will come down to accompany me soon, very soon, and by then your death will be ten times, a hundred times worse than mine."

Zhao Hai looked at Yue Wuying's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Just save it, these words are of no use to me. You can't even use the power of the curse now. That blow just now was your last Do you have the power? Now you don’t even have the last power. Do you think that just by saying these few words, you will make me afraid of you? Just stop dreaming. "

When Yue Wuying heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help shouting to the sky, and then fell directly to the ground. Soon his body turned into a pool of black water, and the black water soon turned into light smoke. The sweep disappeared, and Zhao Hai could no longer feel any trace of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so he breathed a sigh of relief.

Then Zhao Hai turned to look at Wen Wenhai and the others. Now Wen Wenhai and the others had arrived at Zhao Hai's side. They glanced around, and finally set their sights on the two huge statues. Wen Wenhai said: " Boss, what should we do next?" Now that they have taken over the sonic interface, they don't know what to do next.

Zhao Hai walked to the side of the two statues. Next to the two statues, there was a large hole that looked dark. This was a space passage, but no one knew where it led. , Zhao Hai glanced at the space passage, and then said in a deep voice: "Don't let anyone enter this space passage, let's go back for a while, let's go." Wen Wenhai responded, then gave an order, and followed Zhao Hai returned to the main hall of Xuanwu Space.

After everyone arrived in the main hall of Xuanwu Space, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said solemnly: "The sonic interface has been completely taken down by us so far. Although we have obtained this interface, there is also a The problem is that the ascension platform here has been destroyed, which means that no one will ascend here in the future. We just got a piece of land. This is a good thing for us, but it is not a bad thing, because This means we have lost an opportunity to add new blood."

Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then he said: "But these are not important. What is important is that what I want to tell you today is the direction we will develop in the future. Maybe everyone thinks that we We should develop with peace of mind and then look for a space passage to the Wanshan Realm. Then we can go to the Wanshan Realm. But I want to tell you that things are not that simple. We may have to face several more people like this. Only the enemy."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "I told you before, when we take down the sound wave interface, then I can confirm one thing. If it really confirms what I think, That matter, then we still need to face several interfaces, at least six interfaces. Why do I say this? I think Fajing should know something about it. Fajing, from the black and white battlefield to the sound wave interface, The statues here should have made you discover something, right?"

As soon as Fa Jing heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately stood up, saluted to Zhao Hai and said: "Returning to the young master, I have indeed made some discoveries. There is Buddha power here, and the Buddha power is very strong. It can be proved that here It was the interface that the Buddhist great master refined before, but it was not completed. Moreover, it was said that the Buddhist great master only refined one interface, but now there are several interfaces here, which makes me a little puzzled. "

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he turned to look at Fa Jing and said: "Fa Jing, the flying statue you saw on the black and white battlefield, and the two statues you saw here on the sound wave interface, don't you think so?" Didn't anyone think of something? Something related to Buddhism?" Zhao Hai really didn't expect that Fa Jing would not understand what he was talking about.

Fa Jing still shook his head, looking confused. As soon as Zhao Hai saw his appearance, he immediately understood. It seemed that the Buddhist music books Fajing and the others had learned were different from what he knew. Therefore, Fajing might really not know about the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon. Zhao Hai couldn't help but be even more stunned, because Fajing said that this place was refined by a great Buddhist master in Wanshan Realm. Fajing was a member of the Buddhist sect, and he didn't know the existence of the Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons, so what? How did a great Buddhist master know about the existence of the Eight Divisions of Heavenly Dragons? And those ancient Chinese songs, shouldn’t those things appear here in Wanshan Realm? But why does it happen? What is the problem here?

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but turned to Fa Jing and said: "Okay, forget it if you don't know. I will explain to you. The reason why I said these things and asked Fa Jing is because at this time The situation is quite special. The three statues on the black and white battlefield and the sound wave interface represent a Buddhist protection organization called Tianlongbabu." 21019