c7039 Prepare

Ding Chunming left. He was not a man of many words. Zhao Hai gave an order. Under normal circumstances, he would not ask why. He would just do it. Even if it cost him his life, he would not Regret, because his starting point is too low, he will not forget that he was a farmer in the beginning, the most ordinary farmer. Although he knows some training methods, they are the most superficial and the most unsuitable for him. , so he has always been an ordinary person. If he had not met Zhao Hai, he would have died long ago, his wife would have died long ago, and even his son would have died long ago. It is Because of meeting Zhao Hai, he has now become the elder of the Blood Killing Sect and is Zhao Hai's confidant. Everything he has is given to him by Zhao Hai. He can sacrifice everything for Zhao Hai at any time, including his life.

Zhao Hai looked at Ding Chunming with a smile on his face. He gave everything to Ding Chunming, but this was only on the surface. In fact, he just brought out the potential in Ding Chunming. This is actually nothing. , of course, he also gave Ding Chunming the best training, but this is what he must do. For a person who is loyal to you, if he cannot give him the best, then you have gone too far. A portion.

The reason why he attaches so much importance to the training of Ding Chunming and others is because he knows very well that for monks, good equipment is necessary, but it is not the most important factor in determining a person's strength. One's own strength is The most important thing is that after going through so many interfaces and seeing so many weird abilities, Zhao Hai knows very well that sometimes, magical weapons can actually be restricted, so one's own strength is the most important.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now have external incarnations, and they seem to be powerful, but Zhao Hai also knows very well that the current strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples is actually not very good, otherwise he would not have been able to do so these few times. The method of initiation has been used to allow the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to improve their combat effectiveness.

Monks can use magic weapons, but they must not place all their hopes on magic weapons. That is the stupidest thing to do, so Zhao Hai must let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect focus on their own strength. on it, not on the magic weapon. He wants the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to know that the stronger you are, the greater the power of your magic weapon. On the contrary, if your strength is very weak, the enemy There will be countless ways to kill you directly through your external incarnation.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also wants to make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect more independent, and make the Blood Killing Sect more independent. This independence means that the Blood Killing Sect can still have huge fighting power without him, otherwise If something happens and he is tripped up, and the people of the Blood Killing Sect don't have the ability to fight alone, it will be difficult. It is precisely because of this idea that Zhao Hai is very concerned about this. When attacking a new interface, he adopts a hands-off attitude. From formulating the battle plan to early preparation, he will not be too involved. Even in the actual battle, he is not prepared to participate unless there is someone. He would only take action when they really couldn't deal with the enemy, otherwise he wouldn't be prepared to take action.

Wen Wenhai and the other old men who followed him obviously understood Zhao Hai's methods, so they discussed everything with Zhao Hai. They made a battle plan and showed it to Zhao Hai, and are now making preliminary preparations. , and when they are ready, they will attack the new interface.

Wen Wenhai's idea is actually very simple. They don't want to be a drag on Zhao Hai. They want to help Zhao Hai, so they must give themselves the ability to face any enemy independently. If they encounter a strong enemy, they must If you want to ask Zhao Hai to take action, what do you want them to do? They are monks and they have their own dignity.

Zhao Hai is very happy to see this situation. He is not worried at all that Wen Wenhai and the others will betray him. Wen Wenhai and the others are not fools. They know very well that Xuanwu Island is Zhao Hai's incarnation, and Xuanwu Space is also It is equal to Zhao Hai's inner space. If they dare to betray Zhao Hai, then they will have nothing. Zhao Hai can even kill them in minutes, so they will not betray Zhao Hai.

Of course, their admiration for Zhao Hai also prevented them from having any thoughts of betrayal towards Zhao Hai, so Zhao Hai was not worried at all in this regard. Instead, he regarded this as an opportunity. These interfaces were refined by a Buddhist power. Although these interfaces are now affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, the essence of these interfaces cannot be changed. That is, these interfaces are actually for testing disciples. It was just made. Of course, he can also be used against the enemy, but when facing the enemy, he shouldn't put it in this space to deal with the enemy, right? That is obviously impossible. No one will let the enemy enter his inner space at will. Take Zhao Hai for example. He will not let the enemy enter the Xuanwu space at will. Therefore, Zhao Hai believes that the powerful It is impossible for enemies to enter these spaces at will. The reason why there are so many powerful enemies in his space is because they are affected by the power of the Shadow Clan Law.

But in Zhao Hai's opinion, this is not a bad thing. In the world of cultivation, there are thousands of sects. The first sect practices different things. There are all kinds of sects, and they are all the same. In these spaces, the enemies they encounter may be encountered outside, so it is not a bad thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to face such enemies now. At least they will accumulate a lot of experience, and they will be better in the future. When facing other enemies, they will know how to deal with them.

Although the training of the Blood Killing Sect is usually carried out in the real illusion, and the environment there is extremely real, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know that in the real illusion, even if you die in the end, it is impossible to truly death, so they are not worried. This will make them feel less nervous, and naturally they will not have the fear that they only have when facing a real battlefield.

Anyone who goes on a real battlefield will actually feel fear, but this fear can be overcome and suppressed. Sometimes this fear can even make people more powerful. But this requires training. On the battlefield, you must be able to control your fear. You must be able to exert your own strength while feeling fear. As long as you can do this, then you are A fully qualified soldier.

But now in these spaces, the enemies they face will not be polite to them. These enemies are also very powerful. It can be said that this is the best practical training ground for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They meet here. For all kinds of enemies, and they will really die, they can only get these interfaces by defeating these enemies, so Zhao Hai believes that now is the best opportunity for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to learn how to fight independently. .

"This time it all depends on your performance." Zhao Hai looked outside and murmured to himself. What he said was true. This time, he just wanted to see how the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect performed. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not perform well, then they would have to punish the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The training is more rigorous. If they perform well, it means that the training they have done before is very suitable.

I don’t know when, Laura arrived at Zhao Hai’s side. She gently took Zhao Hai’s hand and said: “Brother Hai, if you are really worried, just pay more attention at all times, otherwise you can Take action directly, anyway, you are the Blood Killer Sect, the Blood Killer Sect is you, and you will never be separated."

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "Let them deal with it on their own, otherwise we really don't know what will happen in the end. The enemies we face are getting stronger and stronger, and we must prepare for the worst." Zhao Hai's words are absolutely true. The enemies they face are getting stronger and stronger. If they can't prepare for the worst, and if the worst happens, then they will really be in trouble.

Laura didn't say anything, just nodded lightly, and then followed Zhao Hai and kept looking outside. It can be said that this time it was truly a battle that Wen Wenhai and the others prepared and completed independently. Of course, Zhao Hai He was very worried, but he had to let Wen Wenhai and the others do it, because in Zhao Hai's opinion, this was a necessary step.

In the following days, the people of the Blood Killing Sect have been making final preparations. Although Wen Wenhai and the others would report the progress of the day to Zhao Hai every day, Zhao Hai only looked at their reports. Yu Jian didn't say anything. He had handed over the matter to Wen Wenhai and the others, and he wanted to leave it completely to them. He would not point fingers. Even if Wen Wenhai and the others did things, many of them were Zhao Hai didn't say anything that he didn't like. This was Wen Wenhai's plan. Of course it would be different from what he thought. If everything went as he thought, then it was his plan.

Although Wen Wenhai and the others were a little surprised by Zhao Hai's performance, they were also very happy because they knew very well that if there were really big loopholes in their plan, it would bring huge trouble to the Blood Killing Sect. , then Zhao Hai will definitely not ignore it. Now that Zhao Hai has not said anything, it can only show that their plan is actually passable, which also gives them a lot of confidence.

Ten days passed quickly. This day was the day Wen Wenhai and the others planned to officially start their attack on another interface, so Wen Wenhai and the others were prepared early. Just when they were about to enter the ground plan, Wen Wenhai and the others specially invited Zhao Hai out and came to the side of the space passage.

Now there are a lot of people in that space passage. All the top leaders of the Blood Killing Sect have arrived. Even Yao Jianhao, who was training his disciples in the black and white battlefield, has arrived. Everyone is surrounding the space passage, with expressions on their faces. They were a little solemn, but there was a hint of excitement in their eyes. A battle they independently commanded was about to begin, so of course they were excited.