c7031 speed

Zhao Hai looked at the man with a smile on his face, as if he was watching a clown perform. The man laughed for a while, then suddenly stopped, then he looked at Zhao Hai with a stern face and said: "You You offended me, so I want to kill you. Although I appreciate you very much, it is a pity that you took a risk on me, so you must die."

Zhao Hai looked at him, shook his head, sighed softly and said: "Then come on, I will stand here, waiting for you to kill me." He had already seen that if this person was not trapped here for a long time, For a long time, he has been trapped and went crazy. Even if he went crazy with his training, he would have gone completely crazy. Otherwise, he would not behave like this. However, Zhao Hai did not underestimate him. He knew that even if he was a little energetic, His son is not normal, but his strength is still there and cannot be underestimated.

It is precisely because of this that although Zhao Hai said it lightly, he was actually ready in his heart to receive his attack at any time. But Zhao Hai still underestimated the enemy. Just after he said those words, the man snorted coldly. The next moment, the man disappeared. As soon as Zhao Hai saw the man disappear, he felt a warning sign in his heart. In an instant, his body was surrounded by a metal like white jade.

And just when the metal just surrounded him, Zhao Hai felt a pain in his neck the next moment, and then he flew up. Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh. He knew that he was lucky to react just now. Quickly, he used his body armor to block the enemy's blow. Otherwise, the blow just now would have been dangerous. The pain in his neck just now was just locked by the opponent's energy. It's not really hurt.

Then the enemy attacked him, and as expected, he hit him on the neck, so he flew up. While Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief, he was also extremely surprised. He really didn't expect that the enemy's speed would be so fast. It was so fast. It could be said that the enemy's speed was completely beyond his expectation. This was something he had not expected at all. This made Zhao Hai not surprised.

Zhao Hai has always been very confident in his own strength, but he did not expect that today he would encounter a person who was so fast. With his strength, he did not even see how the opponent made moves. Yes, if he hadn't reacted quickly and immediately protected his whole body with his external avatar, I'm afraid his head would have fallen off by now.

But it was not over yet. Then Zhao Hai felt a clicking sound coming from his armor. The sound was very dense. At the same time, Zhao Hai could also feel that various parts of his armor were attacked one after another. His attack speed is very fast, and he has hit the opponent hundreds of times in almost the blink of an eye.

That's right, it's a sword. Zhao Hai can feel that what he is hit is indeed a sword, and the opponent's sword is very fast. Zhao Hai has not seen the opponent's person or the opponent's sword until now, but he did He was hit by a sword. All the key points on his body were hit by swords one after another, and hundreds of them were hit at once.

Although Zhao Hai was very surprised, he was not worried. He was thinking about how to counterattack. The opponent's speed was so fast that he couldn't even see where the opponent was. In this case, he wanted to It is very difficult to defeat the opponent. If he only relies on his own strength, he will only get beaten. But he cannot ask others for help because the opponent is too fast. If Wen Wenhai and the others are asked to help him , that is no different from asking them to die, so he must not let Wen Wenhai and others come to help, he must rely on himself.

At this moment, the raindrop-like attack stopped. The next moment, the man appeared about ten feet in front of Zhao Hai, looking curiously at Zhao Hai, who was wearing airtight armor. Hai, then said: "This armor of yours is a bit interesting. The defensive power is so strong. This is really beyond my expectation. But do you just want to use this armor to follow me?" Should I resist? It’s useless, I will definitely break your armor and kill you.”

Zhao Hai fell from the air at this time, and he stood firmly on the ground. In other words, from the first time he was hit in the neck and flew up, to the moment he landed, he had already been hit several times. Hundreds of swords, it can be seen how fast the opponent's sword is drawn. Fortunately, the opponent's sword does not seem to be very heavy, otherwise it would be more difficult to deal with.

Zhao Hai looked at the man, smiled slightly and said: "Your sword is indeed very fast, and your body skills are also very fast, but it is not easy for you to break through my armor, and I have this Something." After saying this, Zhao Hai suddenly stretched out his hand, and saw a thin white thread flying out from his hand. This thin thread became longer and longer, and finally surrounded Zhao Hai completely. It was like a big net, protecting him.

As soon as the man saw Zhao Hai's actions, he knew what he wanted to do. A playful smile appeared on his face. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Is this the way you came up with to deal with me? Yours This method is really good. Surround yourself with this kind of silk thread, so that you will know where I am attacking you. But don’t you know that when the speed reaches a certain level, even if you know that I want to attack you? If I were to attack you from there, wouldn’t it be possible for you to block my attack?”

After the man said these words, he disappeared at once. The next moment, he saw the white light that Zhao Hai had just released shrinking inward, as if he had been attacked, but the white light did not break. And he only shrank a little, and then stopped there, actually helping Zhao Hai block all attacks.

Zhao Hai could clearly feel the attack power like raindrops coming from the white light three thousand feet. After the opponent attacked him with hundreds of swords, he stopped for a moment. The next moment, the opponent appeared in the same position again. He His face was a little ugly, but at the same time it also showed a more interested look.

The man looked at the three thousand feet of white hair and said in a deep voice: "This magic weapon is really a good thing. It can actually block my attack. But you don't think that just by relying on this magic weapon, you can really block it." Can you completely block my attack? Then you are too naive." As he spoke, he started to circle around Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai did not turn with him, but stood there calmly. Even the armor on his body had disappeared, and he had exposed his body. He looked forward and said: "At least you are not easy to attack." I, actually, I am really curious about you. I really don’t know why you want to fuse the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws. By the way, you don’t know what the Shadow Clan is, so you fused the Shadow Clan’s power. With the power of law, it’s no wonder.”

The man walked up to Zhao Hai again. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "What do you mean by this? Is there anything wrong with the power of law of the Shadow Clan? Aren't all the powers of law in the world the same? I fused the shadow clan with the power of law. What's wrong with the clan's power of law?" He was really curious, because he had never heard of this shadow clan before.

Zhao Hai looked at him and said: "The Shadow Clan is of course special. The Shadow Clan is a race that is dedicated to fighting against the world of cultivation. I still don't know where they come from, but the power of their laws is consistent with the laws of the world of cultivation. The power they use is completely different from the energy used by monks. The most important thing is that the power of their laws is alive."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then looked at the man and said, "Don't you understand what it means that the power of law is alive?" After saying this, Zhao Hai looked at the man and waited. From the man's answer, Zhao Hai believed that the man must not know the true nature of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, otherwise he would not be able to integrate the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

The man looked at Zhao Hai and said, "I really don't know. Why don't you tell me?" Although he said this, there was a look of disapproval on his face. It was obvious that he did not believe what Zhao Hai said. , It’s not his fault. He can’t believe Zhao Hai’s words because he and Zhao Hai are enemies. It would be strange if he could believe his enemies.

Zhao Hai looked at him and said in a deep voice: "The living power of law means that the power of law of the Shadow Clan will expand on its own, will judge those people as their enemies, and will protect itself. When they expand, they will attack others." The power of law, and other powers of law are like dead things. They will only operate according to the same laws. Naturally, it is impossible to block the attack of the power of law of the Shadow Clan. Self-protection means that if someone If you attack them, they will fight back and mobilize everyone under their control to fight back. In their view, everyone with different energy from them is their enemy, so at the beginning, you should also be their enemy. But then you were slowly assimilated by them, so you became one of their own."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment. He looked at the man, with a hint of a smile on his face and said: "Although the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is alive, he should not die, so he It won't fuse with you. When you wanted to fuse with the power of Shadow Clan's laws before, you should have never succeeded. This is nothing remarkable. You can't succeed either, because Shadow Clan The power of the clan’s laws will not merge with you.”

"But at this time, we appeared, and we started to attack the Shadow Clan's power of law. He also started to fight back, but they were no match for us. They were defeated bit by bit by us, and finally had to retreat here. An area, I said, he is alive, he will oppose and protect himself. He found that if he fights us head-on, he will not be my opponent. In the end, he can only be eliminated. At this time He discovered that you wanted to merge with him, so he merged with you. His purpose was to protect himself, and you may not know it yet? The power of Shadow Clan’s laws, for those who live under his laws, It has absolute control. You are fused with the power of Shadow Clan's laws, which means that he can control you at any time."

"This kind of control may not be overt control. He can slowly influence your thinking and make you become his obedient dog. Hahaha, you still want me to be your subordinate? You don't even want me to be your subordinate. It’s so funny to be someone else’s dog.”74

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.