c7032 Attack the heart

The man looked at Zhao Hai who was laughing and had a ferocious expression on his face. It was obvious that he was extremely angry. He looked at Zhao Hai and said word by word: "You dare to scold me? You will die." I'm done." There was boundless hatred in his voice, and it was obvious that he wanted to rush forward and kill Zhao Hai right away.

But Zhao Hai was not afraid of him at all. He just looked at the man and said: "What? Am I wrong? Is it because in the past few months, the power of the law has been integrated with you? It took a few days for him to be completely integrated with you? Don't doubt it. I haven't been here for a long time when we first came here. It should be after we defeated him a few times that he slowly started to merge with you. What? Not yet? Do you believe it?"

The man's face was completely dark. He looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Why should I believe what you say? Have you finished speaking? You can die after finishing speaking." After saying that, he raised his hand. Hands, ready to take action. Although looking at him, he seemed to want to kill Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai saw a trace of fear on his face. Obviously, what Zhao Hai said before was all right. He was indeed one of the recent ones. Yue slowly began to integrate with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. At first, he thought it was because he had been practicing for a long time and finally got the recognition of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. The power of the clan's laws has been integrated, but now he has some doubts.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Slow down, don't rush to take action. Although we are enemies, you were also a monk before, so I will still tell you everything I know. Although your body is integrated with the laws of the Shadow Clan, However, the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan here is not so pure. There is still a trace of Buddha's power in the power of the laws you merged, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is in conflict with the power of Buddha. Although There is a trace of Buddha's power in the power of law in your body, but this does not mean that you are not afraid of Buddha's power, and I just know Buddha's power, so it is impossible for you to do anything to me." Following Zhao Hai's words, a trace of golden light appeared on the three thousand feet of white light in his hand, and the white thin line seemed to have turned into gold.

The man couldn't help but change his expression when he saw the change in the white hair. However, he still snorted coldly and said: "Are you telling me so much just to delay time? Are you still not able to fully control what you are doing?" You’re talking about Buddha’s power, so why are you telling me so much just to have enough time to use this Buddha’s power?”

When Zhao Hai heard what the man said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help but shook his head slightly and said: "In this world, there are always some people who think they are smarter than others, but are they really smarter than others? I You can't even see it. Buddha's power is the power I cultivated. If the power I cultivated cannot be completely controlled, then why should I cultivate it? What I just told you is all true, but it seems that you It seems like you don’t believe me? But there’s nothing you can do about it. If you don’t believe it, don’t believe it. But I believe you will believe what I say soon.”

The man snorted coldly and said: "You immortal thing, you still dare to say these words, let's see what you do." After saying that, he didn't see any movement, and suddenly he saw countless black swords, Attacking Zhao Hai directly, the long sword was like raindrops, and the sky was filled with black sword shadows.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but be startled, but he was not worried, because the three thousand white hair in his hand had completely moved, protecting him firmly. At this moment, Those black long swords directly hit the white light Sanqianzhang. Zhao Hai felt the white hair Sanqianzhang in his hand shake, but then all the black swords turned into smoke and disappeared.

Zhao Hai looked at the man, and the man looked at Zhao Hai. He did not respond to the black sword attack this time, and had no special expression. He still looked at Zhao Hai coldly, preparing for the next attack. . Zhao Hai looked at the man, smiled slightly and said: "This time you used a sonic attack. The power of the law of this interface is actually a sonic attack. Do you know why? It's because of the two statues behind you. They Being the God of Music, he can naturally control sonic attacks. Because the Shadow Clan's power of law has been in this space for too long, and he has not fully conquered the power of law in this space, so he can only A little bit of the power of the laws of this space is integrated, that is, the power of sonic attack. Now this power is also integrated into your body, so you can attack me. By the way, is your body Can it also turn into black mist? Can you also travel freely in the shadows? This is caused by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. I just don't know if you still have mastered that trace of curse power. If you master that trace of curse power, If you have the power of curse, you can also use some curse techniques. If you master the curse technique, it will be more difficult to deal with, otherwise, you may be really in danger." Although Zhao Hai was talking to that person As he spoke, the 3,000-foot white hair in his hands grew longer, and his protection became even tighter.

The man looked at Zhao Hai and listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly. Although his face was still calm, his heart was not calm at all, because he found that everything Zhao Hai said was right. What Zhao Hai said about his situation was not wrong at all, which made him feel even more uneasy.

Zhao Hai looked at the man's appearance and said with a smile: "How is it? Do you believe what I say? But it's useless if you believe it. You can't live because you have already interacted with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Fusion, do you think this is a good thing? The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is so easy to integrate. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws seems to have been controlled by one person. All the memories of the Shadow Clan people have been sealed. Up, no one can see the things in their memories, and no one knows their origins. Because of this, I can be sure that someone must have sealed the memories of those Shadow Clan people through the power of law, and Now that you are integrated with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, your memory will be sealed, which means that you have now completely become a dog of the Shadow Clan, so you must die."

The man looked at Zhao Hai and burst into laughter. After a while, he stopped. He looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Boy, I know why you said these things to me. It's just to let me know." I have doubts just to make me believe your words, but boy, you underestimate me, do you know who I am? Ghost Shadow Sword Yue Wuying, I, Yue Wuying, have killed countless people in my life, and I am rampant in the world with my shadowless swordsmanship. I have never flinched in the face of all kinds of powerful enemies. Now you want to use this method to deal with me, which is really a wrong idea."

Zhao Hai looked at Yue Wuying. He knew very well that in the world of cultivation, some people's names were actually changed later. It was impossible for someone to be named Yue Wuying when they were born. Some of their real names were actually very unpleasant. , sounds very rustic, but after they become famous, they usually change their names, so some names that sound very powerful appear.

But now he was not in the mood to care about Yue Wuying's name. He looked at Yue Wuying, smiled slightly and said: "You are smart, otherwise you would not be able to get to where you are today, so you should be able to know, I said Whether it is true or not, there may be two reasons why you don’t believe it now. One is because you said it on purpose. In fact, you already believe it, but in order not to fall short in front of me, you did it on purpose. The second thing I said is that in fact, you are still affected by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan and I are enemies. If they merge with you, they will naturally let them. You and I have always been right, so it will affect your thinking and make you not believe my words, so you will not believe me, but it doesn't matter, because it is the same whether you believe me or not. "

Yue Wuying looked at Zhao Hai, smiled coldly and said: "Boy, no matter what you say, it's useless. You must die today. I can indeed curse you mentioned, but since you said it, it means, You should not be afraid of curses. If you say that curses can deal with you, it means that curses have absolutely no way to deal with you. You will not expose your weaknesses. The reason why you say that is to let me use curses to deal with you. , so that you can deal with me in turn. Your armor's defense is good, but I believe that your armor can't really be that strong. The reason why my previous attack was blocked by your armor is Because my attack is too fast and too scattered, your armor can block my attack. If your armor is really that strong, you don’t have to take out this kind of thread to deal with me, so you really What you are afraid of is actually my swordsmanship, hahahaha, boy, you are dead, I will not let you go."

A look of surprise appeared on Zhao Hai's face, but it quickly disappeared. He still looked at Yue Wuying calmly and said: "Then why don't you use your sword skills to deal with me? It will definitely be you who I regret then." Although the expression on his face was very calm, Yue Wuying's eyes confirmed his suspicion even more. In his opinion, Zhao Hai is definitely not afraid of curses. Yes, what he is afraid of is his own swordsmanship. The reason why he said this is to make himself think the opposite, and to use the curse technique to deal with him.

Thinking of this, Yue Wuying couldn't help but have a smile on his face. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Okay, then I'll show you my swordsmanship. Do you want to rely on this weird thing in your hand?" The silk magic weapon to block my attack and consume my power? If you really think so, then you are thinking wrong. I am now integrated with the power of the law, and my body is a world of its own, and my strength is growing. Don't stop, I'm not afraid of consumption, but it's you, aren't you afraid of consumption? I really want to see if you can consume more than me."

While saying these words, he looked at Zhao Hai, wanting to see what kind of reaction Zhao Hai would have after hearing his words, so that he could judge from Zhao Hai's reaction what he wanted to do. Whether the method of dealing with Zhao Hai is really effective or not, he still has full confidence in his own judgment. 19