c7049 Devour

In the darkness, a huge, semi-circular cover was constantly emitting flames. Under the flame, it seemed that magma was flowing, which caused the flame to keep flowing. It seemed Very spectacular. But if you look carefully, you will find that there are countless snakes crawling around outside the semicircular cover. These snakes are all black and look very weird.

At this moment, a hundred slightly smaller fireballs suddenly flew out from the semicircle of fireballs. These one hundred fireballs were divided into ten directions and rushed forward. Those black snakes immediately They rushed towards it, but as soon as they got close to the fireball, they were immediately burned into black smoke and disappeared.

The one hundred fireballs seemed to have not seen the black snakes at all, and they continued to fly forward. They flew about five hundred miles, and then stopped in ten directions, and then nine The fireball surrounded a fireball in the light and slowly fell to the ground, seemingly protecting the fireball in the middle.

When they were only about ten meters away from the ground, a large plate-like object suddenly flew out from under the fireball in the middle. This object fell directly to the ground, and then quickly stretched out. In the blink of an eye, In between, it became a huge defensive line with a length of about a hundred miles and a width of about ten miles.

However, the fireball did not stop. He flew forward for a certain distance and released another defensive line. The other nine fireballs were always protecting him. From the nine fireballs, more than a dozen fireballs stretched out. Fire whips, these fire whips are very long, very thick, but also very flexible. These fire balls keep waving there, and all the black snakes that want to get close are burned by this fire whip. It became black smoke.

He waited until the fireball in the middle and put down ten defensive lines of the magic circle, then flew to the outside. Immediately, another fireball flew to the middle, and then lowered the magic circle platform. Of course, these fireballs were the Blood Killing Battle Fort, Blood Killing. The battle fort also has a defensive shield, and this defensive shield is very powerful. At the same time, the attributes can be adjusted. After discovering that the energy of the fire attribute is more lethal to those black snakes, they have already The shield on the Blood Killing Battle Fort was converted into fire energy. This time they came out to build a base. One hundred Blood Killing Battle Forts came out at one time, and ten bases were established at the same time. This time they came out to build a base. Eighteen bases need to be built, so in other words, their first group only needs to build two bases.

There are only twenty magic defense lines needed for a base. In other words, you only need two Blood Killing Battle Fortresses and put the magic defense lines they carry on the ground to build a base. Therefore, to establish two bases, they only need four Blood Killing Battleships to carry them out of the defense line. This is not a difficult task for them.

The two Blood Killing Battle Forts quickly put down the defense line of the magic circle, and then they immediately began to input energy into the defense line of the magic circle. Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to attack the magic circle in the entire base. For the final perfection, after the protective shield of the magic circle defense line is erected, the base will be built. However, because there is no one who is as proficient in the magic circle as the old man Jiu Suan to follow, the shield here in their base is still useless. attributes, and those black snakes immediately pounced on them.

However, the disciples who stayed behind in this base did not have any ability to fight back. They immediately adjusted all the energy weapons in the base to fire attributes, and began to attack those black snakes, giving those The black snake brought huge casualties.

Just like that, twenty bases were built in a short while. They only needed to build eighteen bases, but they built twenty, so that their defense system would become stronger. By the time After these twenty bases were built, those blood-killing battle forts directly entered these bases to help the bases defend themselves.

And Wen Wenhai and the others immediately started another round of external expansion. As the old man Jiu Suan activated the magic circle, eighteen of the twenty bases all lit up, and then connected into a line, with The energy lines here at the main base are connected, and then connected at the eighteen bases, forming an energy shield.

At the moment when this layer of energy shield was formed, the entire shield suddenly turned fiery red, and flames appeared at the same time. Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to attack the black snakes within the shield. , and the black snakes in the shield also found that they had no way to escape. They also began to attack the shield crazily, but the effect was not very good, because this time they could not absorb much power, so their strength did not change. They are stronger, and the Blood Killing Sect has found a way to restrain them, so even if those black snakes become crazy, it has no effect.

Just as the people of the Blood Killing Sect were cleaning the black snakes inside the shield, changes were suddenly noticed outside the shield. Some black snakes began to crazily devour their companions, but the companions around them were There was no resistance, just let him devour them, and each time they devoured a companion, they would become bigger. As they devoured more and more companions, they also became longer and thicker, and finally they It has turned into a huge black python with a length of a hundred feet and a diameter of about five feet.

The eyes of these huge black pythons have also changed. Their eyes have turned blood red. They started to look up to the sky and hiss, and then rushed straight towards the shield. Although the shield was also on fire, the fire was not There is no flow, and the flames do not appear to be that high, because the shield suddenly becomes larger. In addition, not all the bases have magic circles, and there are still some problems in terms of ability transmission, so this shield The energy in the hood is not very strong anymore.

Those huge black pythons rushed directly in front of the shield, then opened their big black mouths and bit into the shield. In their big mouths, there were four long fangs. The fangs were also black and looked very strange. Moreover, the python didn't seem to be afraid of the flames. He bit the shield in one bite. The part bitten by him made bursts of grinding sounds, which made it look even more... terrible.

The python never bit open the shield, which made the python look very angry. They raised their heads and bit into the shield once. They heard a click, and four cracks appeared on the part of the shield bitten by him. These four holes were made by his fangs. This time, the giant python became even more happy. They immediately retracted their mouths at once, and then bit down again. This Once, after they bit the shield, they sucked it hard, and as they sucked, a large amount of flames on the shield were directly sucked into his body. The giant python seemed to be in great pain, and he twisted. His body shook desperately, and as he shook, the shield made a clicking sound. Finally, a piece of the shield, like a piece of broken glass, was bitten off by the giant python.

The giant python seemed to be very happy. He immediately swayed his body and swallowed the piece of shield that he had bitten off. Then he thrust his head forward, and the entire snake head stretched directly into the shield. Although the hole in the shield was recovering, the recovery speed was not that fast. The giant python penetrated directly into the shield through the hole.

After the giant python penetrated into the shield, he immediately raised his head and hissed, and with his voice, the black snakes in the shield immediately began to devour each other, and then one by one became larger, and finally became smaller. It must be about the same size as the giant python, and then these giant pythons began to attack the inner shield. ,

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others noticed the changes in the black snakes. When they saw that those small black snakes had now turned into giant pythons, they were also very surprised. Then they saw those small black snakes. The giant pythons began to attack their inner shields. Although the flames on the inner shields caused some damage to the giant pythons, the damage was not very great. The giant pythons could still protect themselves. .

The attack method of those giant pythons this time is also very special. They bite fiercely at a place on the shield. As long as they bite through the shield, they will suck hard, although the flame will be sucked into their bodies. They looked extremely painful, but they still kept sucking.

And just when those giant pythons were attacking like this, Wen Wenhai also received the notification that the energy of their magic circle was disappearing quickly. If those giant pythons were allowed to suck it in like this, the shield of their magic circle would be destroyed. It was broken, which surprised Wen Wenhai. He did not expect that those black snakes would be so difficult to deal with after they grew bigger.

However, Wen Wenhai could be regarded as someone who had experienced the big scene. He immediately ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to focus on using energy weapons to attack the giant pythons. At the same time, the sky-wide fire on the Blood Killing Battle Fort also followed. The attack began, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also ready to fight.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were ready to engage in close combat with several giant pythons, a giant python lying on the shield sucking in flames, like a huge fire leech, suddenly screamed, and then His body began to burst into flames from the inside out, and in the blink of an eye the giant python turned into a ball of black smoke and disappeared.

Seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He thought those giant pythons were not afraid of flames at all. If that was the case, it would be even harder for them to fight off those giant pythons this time. It's difficult, but fortunately it's not the case at all. Those giant pythons are still afraid of flames, but they hold back and try their best to absorb the energy on the shield, but the amount of fire All of them have fire properties, and they can't digest them, so they will be burned to death in the end.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw this situation, he immediately ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to form magic battle formations. These magic battle formations should all be of fire attribute, and then directly release fire attribute energy to attack directly. Those giant pythons must be completely eliminated.