c7042 response

Baiyan's voice also came, with a hint of excitement in his voice. He said loudly: "Elder, use Mantianhuo to attack. The effect is very good. I suggest you use Mantianhuo to attack in the future." Attack." Byakugan was really excited. He really didn't expect that Man Tianhuo's attack would be so effective.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Send the order, fire all the sky fires on the Blood Killing Battle Fort with all your strength. I will immediately send people to send the sky fires to you to ensure your firepower, so that the disciples who built the Yin and Yang Thunder Pond can move Hurry up, although pure energy weapons are not very effective against those black snakes, they are still useful, so you must be quick."

Baiyan responded, and immediately gave the order to let Mantianhuo on the Blood Kill Battle Fort attack with all his strength, but Wen Wenhai turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, tell Lao Wen to hurry up and prepare some Mantianhuo." Rockets, send them to the front line. Also, let him make more Mantian Rockets. Mantianhuo is so effective against those snakes, which means that for him, Mantianhuo may be more effective in that interface. We must do a good job. Use this method to deal with them."

Chang Jun nodded and took out the communication array to communicate with Wen Yuming. At this time, Wen Wenhai also turned to the others and said: "Judging from the situation of these snakes, the administrator of this interface may That's what the leader said, Mohuraka, the snake god, we must be prepared. Just judging from the situation of these black snakes, we know that the snake god here is not so easy to deal with."

Everyone nodded, and Yao Jianhao said: "The effect of Mantianhuo is very good, but we can't fully use Mantianhuo. You must know that Mantianhuo is a consumable, and it consumes a lot of money, and we have to deal with it in the future. If the snake is more powerful, the sky full of fire may not be effective, we still have to be prepared for a tough battle."

Wen Wenhai nodded. At this time, Chang Jun also came back. He said, "I have informed Lao Wen. There will be no problems with him. Lao Zhu, where are you?" Chang Jun turned his head and looked at him as he spoke. A glance at Zhu Yong revealed that Zhu Yong was the intelligence director of the Blood Killing Sect. It was of course impossible for their intelligence department not to participate in such a large-scale battle. In fact, he had already sent the Mist Hidden Beast clan to enter that interface for reconnaissance.

Zhu Yong shook his head and said: "No news has come back. I just asked Wulong. Wulong said that they did not see any living creatures in the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, let alone A snake, those snakes seem to be things that are really split from the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and are not real living creatures."

Hearing what Zhu Tong said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frowned and said in a deep voice: "Don't worry about that now, send the first batch of disciples over as soon as possible, save the base first, and see if those snakes will What kind of reaction will they keep attacking? If they really keep attacking, then there will really be some trouble."

Chang Jun's face was also a little solemn and he said: "In the past, we could use the power of Buddha to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, or we could use the power of mana to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but now neither of these methods works. For those snakes, it is the best supplement, which will make them more powerful. However, it is impossible to use the power of our magic to deal with those snakes, because the power of our magic circle, in addition to the magic circle Apart from weapons, they don't have much lethality. They can only push the power of the Shadow Clan's laws backwards. This is not a good thing, because it means that our magic circle energy cannot push those snakes. Even if It is pushing those snakes, and those snakes will also absorb our energy. It is not easy for us to expand."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "It's not easy, but we have to do it. Okay, let's keep this base first, and then we'll go there and slowly think of a way." Everyone nodded. Nodding, they all turned to look at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai kept watching them discuss there without saying anything. When they finished the discussion and turned to look at him, Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Why are you looking at me? I have already said it, I won't take action this time, it's up to you. I'll go back and you can just take care of it." After saying that, his figure moved and disappeared.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Zhao Hai disappear, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "It seems that the boss is really going to give us the task of attacking the Mohuluojia interface this time. Why is this name so awkward? I think it's better to call it Snake world, this attack on the snake world should be a test for us by the leader. We must do well. We must make ourselves stronger, so that we can help the leader and not become the leader. A burden to my son."

Everyone nodded in unison. Wen Wenhai looked at the projection and said in a deep voice: "How long will it take for the first batch of disciples to all enter the snake world?" Wen Wenhai now really has the air of a general. Of course, this does not mean that others cannot do it. On the contrary, Chang Jun and the others can also stand alone. This is just their first action, so they will cooperate with each other. If there is a battle in the future, They can command an army independently.

Chang Jun said: "It will take five days before all the first batch of disciples can enter the Snake Realm. After all, there are a lot of people, a billion people. We can't just have Xuanwu like the leader." Island, send everyone to the Snake World, so it will take longer.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, then sighed softly and said: "Although the Blood Killing Battle Fort can hold a lot of people, once these people enter the Blood Killing Battle Fort, they will have to compress and teleport the Blood Killing Battle Fort. When the time comes, it will become very difficult, so we have to leave the Blood Killing Battle Fort empty for teleportation. If the Blood Killing Battle Fort can carry out teleportation formations with people, then it will be more convenient for us to transport people. Unfortunately, ”

Yao Jianhao said in a deep voice: "I heard that Yu Ming and the others are conducting research in this area. This cannot be completed in one day. From this point, we can also see how strong the sect master is. If the sect leader has not solved the problem, If this kind of pressure is transmitted, that means that during the transmission, the pressure is actually all borne by the sect master. There are more than 60 billion people, so you can imagine how much pressure this will be."

Wen Wenhai and the others nodded, and then they all turned to look at Xuanwu Island's approach. Wen Wenhai then said: "That's why we want to make ourselves stronger. We must help the sect master, not the second time." We have asked the sect master to come and save us every time, and that would be a huge injustice to the sect master."

At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting in the space villa, looking at the picture on the screen of the villa. It was Wen Wenhai and the others who were shown on it. What Wen Wenhai and the others said came to Zhao Hai's ears very clearly. Zhao Hai's face Shang couldn't help but smile. He was very satisfied with Wen Wenhai and the others' current performance.

Laura and the others also looked at the screen, listening to what Wen Wenhai and the others said. After Wen Wenhai and the others finished speaking, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and smiled and said: "Brother Hai, Wenhai and the others performed really well. It seems that most of the things in the future can be left to them.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Yes, their performance this time is very good, but you still have to manage the sect well in the future, especially the logistics. They are actually relatively new to this area." Zhao Hai was very worried about Wen Wen. Of course, Hai and the others are very satisfied with their performance, and it's no wonder that he trained them once.

Laura smiled slightly, and then said: "Brother Hai, is the interface this time really controlled by Mohuluojia? Does that mean that our main opponent in this interface is the snake? Mohuluojia Jia Ke is the snake god, and his fighting power is also very powerful, but are these snakes really separated from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws? If that is the case, it will be even more difficult to deal with. "

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It shouldn't be wrong. The enemy this time should be Mohu Luojia, and there may be no ascension platform here, so there are no creatures here, but because there may be tests here, now this This kind of test, combined with the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, produces such an effect. In fact, in the sound wave interface, the situation we encountered is actually similar. If we had not met Yue Wuying in the end, we would have The various tests encountered here at the sonic interface have nothing to do with those who ascended. Those who ascended did not contribute much except being sent to death by Yue Wuying in the test of Aunt Gongsun. It can be seen that These tests actually have nothing to do with people, they are mainly about the power of laws at work, so it is not surprising that these snakes appear here."

Laura nodded: "Yeah, but I really didn't expect that the power of the law of the Shadow Clan would be so powerful. It was actually integrated into the power of the law here, and it also had a strengthening effect. If Without the power of these Shadow Clan laws, we should have no difficulty in passing these tests."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "There won't be any difficulties. If that's really the case, I'm afraid that when we enter the black and white battlefield, the situation we see will not be like that. There People are afraid that he has been trapped and died there long ago. You must know that if there is no space passage from the Black and White Battlefield to the outside world, people who enter the Black and White Battlefield will have no way to leave the Black and White Battlefield, and they do not know the situation in the outside world. , and in the end we can only be trapped and die there.”

Laura nodded and said: "Yes, judging from these circumstances, the great master spent a lot of time refining this inner space. Unfortunately, he didn't use it in the end, and I always felt that , this inner space seems to be a semi-finished product, not completed.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I also feel this way, this is just a semi-finished product, so if we can really take down all the inner space and control it in our hands, then we can complete this inner space. At that time, we can appear directly in his Wanshan Realm. Don't forget, we are actually in Wanshan Realm now, but we are just in an inner space magic weapon in Wanshan Realm, and here is his unique law. That’s all.”