c7047 battle formation

When Wen Wenhai heard what the old man Jiusuan said, he was stunned at first, but then his eyes lit up. Then he nodded and said: "This method is feasible, but what you said is to make Ji's shield alive." , is it to activate the energy on the shield? In this way, the shield will have a certain degree of aggression, but in this way, won’t the consumption of the shield also increase? And the boss rarely used this before. There’s a way.”

The old man Jiu Suan shook his head, smiled bitterly and said: "The young master rarely used this method before. That's because he didn't need to use this method at all. The young master has never worried about energy. He arranged it Very few people can break through the shield. Although this method gives the shield a certain degree of offensiveness, in terms of defensive power alone, it is not necessarily much stronger than the current shield, and it consumes more, but Our current situation is different. The black snakes we are facing now are not very powerful in attack, but they can absorb energy, and the energy they absorb is far greater than the energy we consume. Compared with ours, The energy has been absorbed by those black snakes, so it is better to use it against them. Firstly, it can cause huge damage to them, and secondly, it can prevent our energy from becoming a tonic for those black snakes."

Everyone nodded. What the old man Jiu Suan said was very in line with their wishes. They were disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They did not want their energy to be used in vain by those black snakes. Rather than letting their energy be used by those black snakes, they all nodded. Instead of absorbing it, it would be better to use it all to deal with those black snakes. Wouldn't that be great?

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Okay, this method is very good. The best way we can think of to deal with the black snake is actually full of sky fire and close combat. Our most important weapon is the energy weapon. Now On the contrary, it won’t have much effect. If we can really find out which kind of energy is most effective for those black snakes, then it would be a good method, and I agree with this method.”

Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "I also agree. Now the disciples are improving the magic circle in the entire base, but the black snakes outside the base still have to do it, and their attack speed is very fast. After all, our base There is a long distance from the base. We have almost no defense in those places now, so the attack of those black snakes went very smoothly, and the fighting at the twelve deputy bases never stopped for a moment. Now we can let them conduct experiments with energy weapons, let them adjust the energy weapons to have attributes, with various attributes, and then adjust them to see how effective the energy weapons with those attributes are at killing those black snakes. The most powerful."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "I will issue an order now to let them conduct experiments. At the same time, I will arrange for the disciples to rest in batches. After their condition is adjusted, let them go to the shield to investigate the black people outside the shield. Attacking snakes can also cause greater damage to those black snakes, and I also discovered it before. I found that when the disciples entered the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan and attacked those black snakes, The effect seems to be better, especially when some disciples enlarge their external avatars and turn them into some medium-sized magic weapons, and then run rampant among those black snakes, the effect is even better."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do it. Old Chang, you can arrange it, and we will discuss it. If we really encounter a powerful opponent in the future, they will attack our magic." Formation defense line, what should we do? When we attack, we must still attack according to this method. If we can't even put down the defense line, it will be very troublesome."

Chang Jun nodded, and then he walked aside to give orders, but Wen Wenhai then turned to everyone and said, "Everyone, let's talk about it. If the magic circle is put down, we must do it well." To prepare for this, after all, we have met masters like Gongsun Auntie and Xing Tian at the sonic interface before. If we meet such masters here again, then we will use the current method of arranging the defense line of the magic circle. , it’s not appropriate.”

Zhu Yong said: "Actually, I think this problem is very simple to solve. Our Blood Killing Battle Fort can't only fly in the sky. When our Blood Killing Battle Fort was designed, it was all-terrain. Any terrain can be used, and the number of magic defense lines carried on our first Blood Killing Battle Fort is limited. When the Blood Killing Battle Fort places the magic defense lines, they can be lowered. Height, even fell directly to the ground, and at the same time let several other blood-killing battle forts protect it. After one ship has completed the defense line of the magic circle, let the other ship take a look, so there should be no problems. , what do you think?" Zhu Yongpingjin rarely puts forward his opinions during meetings. He is in charge of intelligence. He usually only does his job well and will not put forward opinions casually, but this time After all, Zhao Hai did not convene the meeting, so Zhu Yong also put forward some opinions of his own.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "What Lao Zhu said makes sense. Each of our blood-killing battle forts has strong combat effectiveness, and it is all-terrain. It can indeed lower the altitude and directly release the defense line of the magic circle. It is a very easy thing for us to get to the ground, and with the cooperation of several blood-killing battle forts, the combat effectiveness is indeed very strong."

Everyone else also nodded. At this time, Chang Jun also came back. Wen Wenhai told Chang Jun what Zhu Yong said. Chang Jun nodded and said: "I think it's okay, but I think it's better for us to do it every day." A blood-killing battle fort is equipped with two masters, so that if they are needed, they can take action. In addition, the number of disciples in the blood-killing battle fort should also be increased. When necessary, , they can go out from the battle fort to face the enemy. With the strength of our current disciples, they can still be very powerful if they go out and form a battle formation to face the enemy."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Now it seems that this is all we can do. Let's try it and see if these methods work. If these methods really work, that would be the best. , if it doesn’t work, then we will discuss it in the future, this time we are our independent enemy, we must not embarrass our Blood Killing Sect, let’s act.”

Everyone agreed, then they all stood up, turned around and left. Wen Wenhai also made certain arrangements. He took out some masters from the Blood Killing Sect and put them in various Blood Killing Battle Fortresses. Among these people, there were some Jin and the others, but Fajing did not follow. Now Fajing is studying those Buddhist scriptures, but Ding Chunming, Sheng Si and others have been transferred out, but not Li Wenying. His current strength is not enough, so he has not been transferred out. .

As before, Wen Wenhai sent a copy of the contents of their meeting to Naughty Hai and told Zhao Hai the result of their discussion this time. Then he went to arrange other things, and Zhao Hai also He didn't say anything. Wen Wenhai and the others did a good job in this matter, so there was no need for him to say anything.

Zhao Hai and Xuanwu Island can be said to be the biggest support of the Blood Killing Sect. When Zhao Hai and Xuanwu Island did not take action, it is already very remarkable that Wen Wenhai and the others can do this, so Zhao Hai Hai is very satisfied with Wen Wenhai and the others' current performance.

Now that they had planned it, Wen Wenhai and the others started to take action. First, they sent the Blood Killing Sect disciples to attack the black snakes. The Blood Killing Sect disciples all lined up in formation and rushed into the black snakes, attacking them. Those black snakes attacked. Since those black snakes were almost everywhere in the sky and on the earth, the Blood Killing Sect disciples attacked very smoothly.

Disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were trained by Laura in the real illusion before, how to use three-dimensional battle formations. There are two types of three-dimensional battle formations. One is the Rubik's Cube that Laura and the others used very early on. Battle formation, this kind of battle formation is his own, but it has many changes. Whether it is offense or defense, it is very powerful. When Laura is training, she must let her disciples learn it.

The other type of battle formation is the magic formation battle formation. The magic formation battle formation means that when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are fighting with people, they must form a magic formation. This magic formation is inherently very powerful and will have a great impact on people. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are blessed with the power, and they even send out energy beams to attack, so the power is also very powerful.

To be honest, the power of these two battles is actually comparable. No matter which battle formation the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use, as long as they are used properly, the power is very powerful. In comparison, That kind of magical formation is actually easier to use, because now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all have external incarnations. In their external incarnations, they all have optical brains. These optical brains can record a lot of things. The magic circle will also record the positions of the magic circle that they are familiar with, so when forming the magic circle, as long as they are reminded by the optical brain, they will not stand in the wrong position. As long as their positions are correct, then their magic circle will Even if it is formed, there will be no mistakes. During the battle, they will rarely change positions. Of course, even if they change positions, there will be a certain rule. This is for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect with the help of light brain. In fact, it is very simple.

On the contrary, the magic cube battle formation that does not need to be formed into a magic circle is more troublesome for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because the magic cube battle formation changes a lot and requires the cooperation of every disciple. It requires a very tacit understanding. This does not mean that it can be done by just using the brain to cooperate. It also requires a lot of training. Therefore, the current disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not as good at mastering the magic cube battle formation as they are with the magic battle formation.

However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also know very well that the more things they have not mastered yet, the more they need to practice. It is precisely because of this idea that when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect went into battle this time, they used All of them are Rubik's Cube Battle Arrays, but with the help of the Light Brain, every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect can become the commander of a Rubik's Cube Battle Array. This saves a lot of trouble. They put the Rubik's Cube Battle Array into The commander is firmly believed to be in the center of the Rubik's Cube. Unless the entire Rubik's Cube is in motion, the last commander in the center will always direct the battle. At other times, as long as the commander in the center is in action, People will become commanders. Those who are in that position are commanders, and those who are not in that position are not. 8)