c7046 meeting

There are really too many black snakes, and there is still a lot of Shadow Clan energy on the shield between the main base and the sub-base, and this Shadow Clan energy is separated from the Shadow Clan energy from the outside world. , all of them turned into black snakes and attacked the Blood Killing Sect crazily. The Blood Killing Sect’s main base and twelve sub-landlords were attacked at the same time. At the same time, an outer shield was formed with the sub-base as a node. Outside, countless black snakes appeared. These black snakes seemed to be crazy. Their crawling speed accelerated a lot, and they were not like before, just grabbing the shield, but started to attack. The shield attacked, and these black snakes exposed the fangs in their mouths and kept attacking the shield. .

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fought back with all their strength. Although the individual combat effectiveness of these black snakes was not very strong, the number of these black snakes was too many, and they also had the ability to atomize. They only used energy to attack. They must It took several hits to kill them, which also brought a lot of trouble to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It was not easy to eliminate those black snakes in a short time.

The black snakes outside the outer shield attacked very fiercely and very fast, so the energy consumption of the outer shield was much faster than Wen Wenhai and the others imagined, which made Wen Wenhai and the others The pressure was so great that Wen Wenhai finally had to transfer some blood-killing battle forts from the sect at once, and drove all these blood-killing battle forts out of the base to fight those black snakes directly outside. In this way Only then did they speed up the elimination of those black snakes.

At the same time, Wen Wenhai also sent disciples, asking them to transform their external bodies into various small and medium-sized magic weapons, and then fly out of the base to hunt black snakes outside, just to ensure that they could Eliminate all the black snakes in the shortest time to ensure that the outer shield will not be broken.

And during this battle, Wen Wenhai and the others also discovered that after absorbing the energy from their shields, the black snakes became stronger, with stronger defense and stronger attack power. This also proved their previous guess. After the black snakes absorbed the energy on their shield, the energy was indeed not wasted. All of it entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, because now the black snakes were trapped in the shield. In the city, they no longer need to give energy to the Shadow Clan's law power, but use it on themselves, so their combat effectiveness becomes even more powerful.

Such a discovery also made Wen Wenhai and the others make a decision. They decided that they must eliminate those black snakes. They must not keep them, and they must expand as quickly as possible. They must not let those black snakes absorb too much energy, otherwise If so, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will be even more difficult to deal with in the future.

Wen Wenhai and the others are now certain that this place in the Snake World must be used to test disciples as Zhao Hai said. Of course, with the addition of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, everything has changed. But the overall setting has not changed. The black snakes they are facing now must be the simplest and easiest opponents to deal with. They will definitely encounter more powerful opponents in the future.

If all the energy absorbed by these black snakes is given to more powerful enemies, then those enemies will only become more powerful, and it will be more difficult for them to face them. Therefore, Wen Wenhai and the others strengthened their ideas. Those black snakes must be eliminated as soon as possible.

There are a lot of black snakes, and there are also a lot of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. When there are nearly five billion disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the Snake World, the black snakes in the Snake World will be eliminated faster, but even if In this way, it took them nearly ten days to wipe out all the black snakes. Five billion people, plus two hundred large magical vessels, took more than ten days to wipe out all the black snakes. All the snakes were wiped out, which shows how huge the number of black snakes is, and these black snakes are just a part of the fleet. Now there are already a large number of black snakes outside their protective shield, and those black snakes are attacking the outside If Wen Wenhai hadn't asked some Blood Killing Battle Forts to provide energy to the twelve sub-bases these days, I'm afraid the outer shield would have been breached, because those black snakes have now become It was very violent, and its attack power became very powerful.

Although the black snakes have been eliminated now, the result of this battle makes Wen Wenhai not happy at all, because Wen Wenhai knows very well that what they have eliminated now is only a very small part of the black snakes Forget it, there are more black snakes out there, what should you do when you face those black snakes? Do we have to keep drawing manpower from the sect to provide support? This is the stupidest method. He must come up with other methods.

In the end, Wen Wenhai decided to hold a meeting here at the main base, and everyone would discuss it together. Zhao Hai had always led everyone in meetings before to sort out the problems, and everyone came up with ideas together, and finally decided on the best plan of action. In this way, better results will be achieved.

Wen Wenhai received everyone into the command hall of the main base. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai said: "Everyone, I called you here this time just to discuss what we should do next. , although our operation was successful this time, there are still problems. We seem to have found a way to deal with the black snake now, but it took a long time to deal with the black snake this time. The most important thing is that now outside There are still a lot of Black Snakes, and based on what we have said before, Black Snakes should be the weakest opponent in this layer of the interface. We will encounter many powerful opponents in the future. By that time , using this method may not be successful. Don’t forget that when we throw down the defensive line of the magic circle, it will still take a certain amount of time to activate the magic circle. If at this time, the enemy has the strength to destroy our magic circle As for the defensive line, it will be difficult for our defensive line to be effective."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Yuming said: "We didn't think of this before, but now we are ready and are improving the defense line of the magic circle. I believe it won't take long to solve this problem." It’s a problem, don’t worry.”

Everyone heaved a sigh of relief. Wen Yuming said this, which meant that they had indeed thought of this, which made them all very happy. Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then said: "What Lao Wen said It is a method, but we must come up with more methods, because the method mentioned by Lao Wen is not a foolproof method. If the strength is too strong, it may break our defense line. Yes, after all, it takes a process to put down the magic circle defense line in the battle fortress, so we have to think of some other methods."

Everyone nodded. They felt that what Wen Wenhai said was very reasonable. Although Wen Yuming said that it could solve the problem of the energy source of the defense line of the magic circle, the defense line of the magic circle must be placed on the ground in order to be effective. It works. If the enemy attacks the defense line of the magic circle while it is being lowered, it will affect the defense line of the magic circle, which gives them a huge headache.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "In the past, the boss always took everyone to a meeting to discuss it, and let us all come up with ideas and come up with the best way. Today we are also following the same example, and we are also We need to discuss it carefully and come up with the best way, and let everyone talk about it, no matter what kind of way it is."

Chang Jun said at this time: "This is what I decided after discussing with Lao Wen. This time we only dealt with a few black snakes, so we used 5 billion disciples, 200 blood-killing battle fortresses, and also used In more than ten days, if the enemies we face become more powerful in the future, then we will have to call in more manpower. This is not necessarily a good thing for us, so we must think carefully. Just think about it, let’s all come up with a solution together.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The battle has just begun. Everyone should know the situation here. These black snakes are still the best to deal with now. We must come up with a way at this time. These black snakes can absorb our Power, everyone has also seen that when we trapped the black snakes in our magic circle, the power absorbed by these black snakes made them become more and more powerful. That is to say, before The energy absorbed by the black snakes has also entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to strengthen the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. That will only make the power of the Shadow Clan's laws more powerful, so we must do a good job Just think of a way."

Everyone frowned. To be honest, they also discovered this, but they didn't come up with any solution, so no one spoke for a while, and Wen Wenhai didn't rush everyone. He knew very well that everyone It's impossible to come up with a solution in a short period of time. You have to do it bit by bit and don't rush.

The old man Jiusuan said at this time: "Elder Wen, I have thought of a way, I don't know if it is feasible." His voice was unhurried and very steady. Originally, he would not come to such a meeting. But because he would help the base expand in the future, he stayed, and he was naturally qualified to participate in this meeting. "

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, he immediately said: "Please tell me, can we all discuss it together?" Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that the first one to speak would be the old man Jiu Suan, but he didn't Dare to underestimate the opinions of the old man Jiu Suan. Although the old man Jiu Suan does not hold any position, he is also an elder of the Blood Killing Sect, so he is qualified to put forward opinions here.

The old man Jiu Suan nodded, and then said: "Our energy weapons don't seem to have a very good effect on those black snakes, but I think we should give it a try so that our energy weapons all have attributes. , see what kind of effect energy weapons with attributes will have after attacking those black snakes, and then find out the attribute that has the best effect on black snakes, and then we can change our shield to protect the shield. The attributes and form of the shield can be changed, turning the shield from dead to alive. With the attribute of restraining the black snake, it may be able to produce unexpected effects."