c7048 Attributes

Although this method seems very weird, because their external avatars have communication systems and can communicate with each other, there will be no problems in commanding like this, and this situation also They only use it when they are not yet proficient in using the Rubik's Cube. As long as they are proficient in using the Rubik's Cube, they don't have to do this, so there won't be any problem.

In this battle, the Rubik's Cube Battle Formation really showed its power. It has too many changes. It can be divided and combined, attacked and defended, advanced and retreated, and is extremely flexible. It was also very powerful and fully utilized the space in the sky. Therefore, in this battle, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect used the magic cube battle formation to kill a large number of black snakes and achieved great results. achievements.

However, the Blood Killing Battle Fort did not attack this time. They were still making preparations, because the external expansion time will take them, so they can be said to be resting now. Of course, the Blood Killing Battle Fort does not need to rest, but The disciples who commanded the bloody battle fort needed to rest.

However, the twelve sub-bases on the front line have begun experiments on energy weapons. They are conducting experiments on energy weapons with various attributes. They want to see which energy weapon has the lethality against those black snakes. Maximum, and only then can they make adjustments accordingly.

This kind of experiment actually does not need to take too long, because there are always battles on the front line, so the experiment can be conducted at any time, there is no need to prepare anything at all, and the results of the experiment will be available soon, so the Blood Killing Sect People are very optimistic about this experiment.

The results came out quickly. They didn't use the cursed energy and Buddha's power at all, because they had discovered before that the cursed power and Buddha's power were the best supplements for the black snakes, so this time the experiment These two powers were not used at all. They focused on testing the power of the five elements, as well as the powers of light and darkness, thunder and lightning, wind, etc. to see what the final result would be.

The final result made the people of the Blood Killing Sect very satisfied. To deal with those black snakes, there is only one kind of power that is most suitable, and that is the power of the fire attribute. The power of the fire attribute is very violent and powerful. It is more powerful than Metallic properties, thunder properties, or ice properties are more lethal to black snakes.

The power of the dark attribute is just a complement to those black snakes. The power of the light attribute is not very effective against those black snakes. Although other powers are more effective, they are not as good as the power of the fire attribute. The power of the fire attribute is not as effective. It can kill a snake with just one strike, it is very powerful.

Moreover, those black snakes seem to have the lowest absorption rate of fire-attribute power. They are even a little afraid of fire-attribute power. This makes the people of the Blood Killing Sect very happy. Soon, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will immediately They changed their attack methods. They mainly used fire-attribute attacks. Whether it was energy weapons or those Blood Killing Sect disciples who went out to fight, they all used fire-attribute power so that they could better kill those black snakes. .

At the same time, Old Man Jiu Suan also started to change the properties of the shield of their entire formation. They must change the properties of this shield as soon as possible. Only in this way will they not let those black snakes suck away the energy. Of course, Just like what Old Man Jiu Suan said, they must also make some changes to make the shield alive.

Is this kind of transformation difficult? Old Man Jiu Suan can definitely complete it, but if it is to be said that it is simple, it is not necessarily that simple. This kind of change also takes some time, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been doing it during this period of time. I am busy laying out magic circles in the base, covering the entire base with magic circles, so that the base's defense will become stronger.

Seven days later, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were preparing to go out to deal with the black snakes were stopped. The magic circle in the base was completely laid out, and the transformation of the magic circle was almost completed. Now the last step can be carried out. , that is to change the properties of the shield, making the shield into a fire attribute.

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect watched this scene. Of course, with the current size of their base, it was impossible for everyone to go outside to see this scene, so most of them stayed in the room and watched the projection. , they all want to see if this plan can succeed.

The old man Jiu Suan showed his true form once, and then syllables came out from his mouth one by one. In the small grids on his back, runes appeared one by one on his back, and finally fell into the magic circle. , as the runes fell into the magic circle one by one, some changes were also found in the magic circle. The runes on the magic circle slowly began to emit bursts of red light. This red light It was still spreading slowly towards the shield, and finally the entire shield turned red, which looked very beautiful. Of course, the temperature in the base also increased by several degrees.

But those black snakes became chaotic. Each of them seemed to be in great pain. Some even dared not attack the Blood Killing Sect's shield. They seemed to be ready to escape, but there were too many black snakes. Those who are trapped below cannot escape even if they want to.

When the last syllable of Old Man Jiu Suan fell into the magic circle, the red light flourished in the magic circle. Finally, the red light spread directly to the shield, and then the shield suddenly caught fire, red. Flames shot up into the sky, and all the black snakes lying on the shield were burned into black smoke almost instantly and disappeared.

Upon seeing this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but huff, but it wasn't over yet. They saw the flames starting to rotate slowly, as if there was magma underneath the flames. This made this person The power of the shield became even greater. None of the black snakes that originally wanted to escape were able to escape. They were all burned into black smoke and disappeared.

But those black snakes in the power of the Shadow Clan's law no longer dare to attack. They can only circle around the shield and keep spinning, but they do not dare to attack the shield. It seems that they are not aware of the protection on the shield. The flames seemed to be very scared, which made all the Blood Killing Sect disciples cheer when they saw this scene.

When Wen Wenhai saw this situation, he also let out a sigh of relief. He did not expect that this time the experiment would be so successful. He looked at the old man Jiu Suan who had returned to his old appearance and said in a deep voice: "What will happen this time?" Thank you very much, Old Man Jiuzuan. Without you, we would not have thought of this method, let alone change the shield. Thank you very much."

Old Man Jiusuan waved his hand and said, "You're welcome, Elder Wen. Actually, I didn't help much this time. We were just walking along the path that the sect leader had walked. There was nothing surprising. You don't have to be polite to me." Wen Wenhai nodded, but didn't say anything.

Chang Jun looked at the black snakes outside the shield who did not dare to attack, and he took a long breath and said: "The power of the five elements, the power of yin and yang, this is the original power between heaven and earth. It should not be underestimated. In the past, we I thought that the power of the five elements would not be of much use at this time, but I did not expect that the power of the five elements would be very useful at any time. Now we have found the weakness of those black snakes. It will be much easier to deal with them.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, as long as we find the weakness, it will be easy to deal with. In the future, whether we go out to build a base or deal with those black snakes, it will be easier. Let everyone take a rest. With this shield , the black snake is probably not afraid of climbing onto our shield, so leave some disciples to serve as warnings and let the others take a good rest, and then we can attack."

No one objected. Wen Wenhai's decision was still a good one. The disciples of the Heavenly Blood Killing Sect were actually very busy all the time. Although both the disciples who were setting up magic formations and the disciples who were going out to fight, they all took turns to rest. , but the fighting during this period of time almost never stops. In this case, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are also very tired and need to rest for a few days to restore their condition to the best, and then It's time to attack.

Just when Wen Wenhai and the others were arranging for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to rest, Zhao Hai was sitting in the villa with Laura and the others and looking at the screen. What was displayed on the screen was the situation at the Snake World Base. After seeing the expanded shield After turning into a fire-attribute shield, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh: "These guys are really talented. They came up with a way in such a short time. Not bad, very good."

Laura smiled and said: "None of these people in our Blood Killing Clan are stupid, let alone Wen Hai and the others. Now our Blood Killing Clan has a population of more than 60 billion. They can manage so many people." They are in good order and there is no mess at all, which is enough to show their ability. It's just that you have always been in command before. They only need to obey orders and act. There is no room for them to play. Now you have inspired them. With all the energy, they certainly performed very well.”

Zhao Hai also nodded, sighed lightly and said: "It seems that I underestimated them too much before. Their strength is still very strong, but I can't use them well, but it's not too late now, there will be more in the future." Let’s give them some opportunities and unleash all their strength. This will only bring benefits and no disadvantages to us, the Blood Killing Sect, and it will be easier for us to deal with other enemies in the future.”

Laura nodded, and then said: "Now that they have found a way to restrain those black snakes, they have solved a major problem. Then what will happen to their attack next? I am really worried, after all, these black snakes Snake's combat effectiveness is so poor that it doesn't matter at all, and they will definitely encounter more powerful opponents."

Zhao Hai said solemnly: "Isn't that better? It will make them grow faster. There are no enemies. Just training, even if there is a real illusion, will not make them grow so fast. After these few times, After the war, haven't you noticed that they have become stronger than before? This is a good thing for us, so we just need to watch. The only weakness of our Blood Killing Sect now is that we haven't Decent masters, this is our biggest shortcoming.”