c7043 attack

After five days in a row, one billion Blood Killing Sect disciples finally entered the base of the Snake Realm. The base of the Snake Realm has also undergone great changes. First of all, there are more houses in the base of the Snake Realm. The houses are all metal houses, and there are many energy weapons on these metal houses, and even some Skyfires are installed.

In one of the metal houses that didn't look very big, Wen Wenhai and the others were gathering together to discuss. Outside, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were still fighting those black snakes. Those black snakes seemed to be It was endless, making the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect unable to kill and giving them a headache.

Wen Wenhai frowned and looked at the projection, and said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that there would be so many black snakes here. Now those black snakes have covered our entire shield. If we want to attack like this, It's even more difficult. Do you have any ideas?" They also just moved to the base today. They believe that if they want to command the battle against Snake World, they must come to the base. If they stay in Sound Wave There is no way to properly direct the battle in the Snake World through the interface, so they have long thought about moving the headquarters here.

Chang Jun frowned and said: "It's very difficult to deal with. Although we have a lot of skyfires and are very lethal to those black snakes, the number of those black snakes is really too much. Now our protectors Outside the cover, the thickness of the black snake may have reached three feet, which is really a headache."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to Bai Yan and said: "Bai Yan, your frontline commander, please tell me your opinion. If we want to expand, what is the best way?" Wen Wenhai also learned this from Zhao Hai. , when Zhao Hai was commanding, he would discuss it carefully with other people, everyone would think about it, and then come up with the best plan to implement it. He is doing the same now, and his opinions on Bai Yan are also Take it very seriously.

Baiyan said: "Those snakes have been absorbing our energy. This is a big problem. If those snakes are really separated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here and are not real snakes, then they are absorbing our energy." After the power, where did the power go? Was it transformed into the power of the Shadow Clan Law here? If this is really the case, then we must act as soon as possible, because as they absorb our energy, the more they The more powerful they are, the harder it will be to deal with them."

When Bai Yan said this, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, and then their expressions changed. If it was really as Bai Yan said, then they really had to act as soon as possible, because the later they acted, The more unfavorable it is to them, so their expressions became serious.

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "There is no trace of a snake in the power of the law of the shadow clan, so now I can be sure that those snakes must be separated from the power of the law of the shadow clan, just like what the young master said before, This is actually a test for us in this space, but it is only strengthened by the power of Shadow Clan’s laws.”

Chang Jun also spoke at this time: "I don't think there is any need to think about anything. If those snakes are really separated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then it would be easier to handle. We only need to cut off their connection with The connection between the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is enough, so that they have no energy replenishment, and we only need to eliminate them, and there will be no problems."

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, then he couldn't help but laugh, shook his head and said: "Really, we still have no experience and think things are too complicated. Why should we think of other ways? Just use the old method. Wouldn't that be enough? Let the Blood Killing Battle Fort attack directly. Those snakes can't do anything to the Blood Killing Battle Fort. The Blood Killing Battle Fort can be driven to the periphery, and then release the magic circle defense line, and then build a base, or A line of defense completely separates our base from the power of the Shadow Clan Law outside, so that the black snakes inside will not get energy replenishment, and we can deal with those black snakes. By then we will be completely We can expand slowly in this way, what do you think?"

Hearing what Wen Wenhai said, Chang Jun also nodded and said: "This method is very good. I think it is feasible. Let's do it like this. We will attack with all our strength and establish a few bases on the periphery. The locations of these bases, It is necessary to calculate in advance so that these bases can become the eyes of the array and turn into a huge array. When the time comes, these bases will be integrated to isolate the inside and outside. At that time, those black snakes will Without energy replenishment, it will be easier for us to deal with those black snakes. This will save more time than building a complete line of defense. As long as we can deal with these black snakes inside, we can If we strengthen the peripheral defense, then the base won’t have any problems.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean, then let's take action." Everyone nodded. They must make a lot of preparations. When will the Blood Killing Battle Fort begin to attack, those defensive lines After putting it down, they need to consider how to deal with an attack.

Of course, there is another very important issue, and that is the issue of energy source. The energy source is the most important thing to support a defensive line. It can be said that it is the heart of a base. Without this heart, the base will not be able to survive. It might work, so they have to be a little careful.

In the end, Wen Wenhai and the others decided after discussion that ten Blood Kill battle forts would attack as a team. After the attack, a base would be established in the shortest possible time. The energy source of this base would be provided by Blood Kill from the very beginning. The battle fort will be responsible for the supply. They will wait until the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool in this base is built, and then build another base. If they build one base at a time, it will be completed sooner or later.

Although this plan may not be very fast, it is currently the most suitable method. Wen Wenhai also showed this plan to Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai remained the same as before, saying nothing. Zhao Hai didn't say anything, Wen Wenhai and the others were relieved, and they began to prepare for this matter with all their strength.

Wen Wenhai and the others have already discussed with Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming will make a defense line with Yin and Yang thunder pools in the near future. In this way, the new defense line installed on the Blood Killing Battle Fort will be There is a Yin-Yang Thunder Pool, so there is no need to worry about energy sources.

It can be said that they still found some problems in this independent war, but they were not big problems. They were all solvable problems and would not affect their overall plan. It was precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai and the others I will have such confidence to carry out this plan.

After five days of preparation, Wen Wenhai and the others finally took action. The ten blood-killing battle forts were ready and ready to attack at any time. Now the black snake on their base's shield has been covered outside the shield. It was seven feet thick, and they absorbed a lot of energy from the shield every day. Wen Wenhai and the others had no choice but to take action.

Wen Wenhai kept looking at the Blood Killing Battle Forts, then he took a deep breath, picked up the communication array and said: "Act." Following his order, the ten Blood Killing Battle Forts rushed outside. In the past, their speed was very fast. When they reached the edge of the Blood Killing Sect's base, their speed was already very alarming. Then they rushed out of the Blood Killing Sect's shield. Their impact was very huge. He immediately knocked those black snakes away.

As they flew forward, they flew about five hundred miles, and then they stopped. As they rushed forward, the ten large magic weapons kept maintaining the same speed and formation, a little bit There was no chaos, so when they stopped, they still maintained their formation.

After all the Blood Killing Battle Forts came to a stop, the ten Blood Killing Battle Forts communicated, adjusted their positions, and then released the magic array defense line almost simultaneously. Ten large magic weapons and magic weapons were released together. The area of ​​the defense line was already quite large, but they did not stop. After they placed the defense line of the magic formation, the formation immediately spread out and flew to the outside of the defense line of the magic formation. Then they released another round of magic formation. line of defense, so the area of ​​this base is actually quite large.

Then the two Blood Killing Battle Forts flew directly into the defensive line of the magic formation. After finding their positions, the Blood Killing Battle Forts fell directly. The legs under the Blood Killing Battle Forts stretched out one after another. They landed on the energy nodes on the defense line of the magic circle. After they landed, the defense lines of the magic circle lit up directly. Then some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect flew out from the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, and they immediately flew to those At the joints of the magic circle defense lines, array symbols and formation disks were placed at the junctions of those magic circle defense lines, and all the magic circle defense lines were connected in a short time.

After all the defense lines of the magic circle are connected, the base will be completed, but the two blood-killing battle forts cannot be moved now. First, they need to provide energy for the magic circle defense line. Second, they also need to Provide the power of the magic circle for the entire base. After all, this base is the simplest base. There is no energy source in their magic circle defense line, and there is no wheel of law to provide them with the power of law, so they must stay there. , providing energy and the power of law to this base. They can only leave after the energy source and magic circle wheel in this base are in place.

Just after the base was built, disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately entered the base and began to build rooms one by one. At the same time, some disciples began to enter the magic circle in the base to guard the energy weapons there. , ready to fight at any time. Of course, there will be disciples there who are busy building the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool, and some disciples are arranging the Wheel of Law.

The Blood Killing Sect established a base very quickly. In one day, a base was basically completed. There was a house for the disciples to live in when they rested, energy weapons, the Wheel of Law, and the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond. , even the magic array defense lines consumed in the Blood Killing Battle Fort have been replenished, which shows how fast the Blood Killing Sect is. 1

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.