c7044 Method

Of course, the power of law here in the Snake World is not slow to respond. Before the base was built, the attack from the Snake World had already arrived. Fortunately, the Blood Slaughter Sect base was established very quickly, and the protectors were sent out early. The hood was propped up, and the Blood Killing Battle Fort provided energy to the base. Therefore, although the base was attacked, it was not without the power to fight back. On the contrary, their counterattack was still very fast, but just like the first Just like the base, they were attacked by countless black snakes. There were too many black snakes, so many that they were frightening. Even if they wanted to kill them, they couldn't kill them, so they could only watch the black snakes move away bit by bit. Climb the entire shield. .

After their base was completely ready, they immediately reported it to Wen Wenhai, who immediately asked them to build another base. This is not to say that Wen Wenhai didn't want other blood-killing battle forts to come out so that they could attack in the shortest possible time. Within the time, they built all the bases they wanted to build, but he couldn't do that. Now the number of black snakes at the main base was increasing, so a lot of blood must be left at the main base. The Killing Battle Fort is here to deal with those black snakes. You must know that the sky-wide fire in the Blood Killing Sect is almost all launched by the Blood Killing Battle Fort. If all the Blood Killing Battle Forts are released, then the full sky fire in the main base will be The speed of Skyfire's launch will slow down, and the speed of Black Snake's increase will only be faster. Otherwise, the main base will be in danger.

It is for this reason that Wen Wenhai had to make a decision. He could only rely on the ten blood-killing battle forts outside to establish bases one by one. Of course, if everything went well, it would only take more than ten days. In time, they can build all the bases they need, and then it will be time for them to counterattack.

To be honest, whenever Wen Wenhai and the others look up every day, they will see the thick layer of snakes on the shield and the squirming snakes, and their scalps will feel numb. Of course, they are not afraid, just I felt very uncomfortable. Anyone who saw so many snakes huddled together and squirming would probably not be too comfortable.

The next day, the ten Blood Killing Battleships flew to the next location, and then all put down the magic circle defense line. However, before they put down the second round of magic circle defense line, countless black snakes had already appeared. On the defensive line of the magic circle sent down, this made the commanders of the bloody battle fort change their faces. They immediately understood that this was the power of the law here in the snake world. They were ready. As long as they took action , they will proceed immediately and will not give them a chance to establish a base.

However, those in the Blood Killing Battle Fort were not too worried. They still followed their own plan and released a group of defense lines, and then their Blood Killing Battle Fort fell directly. However, after they fell At that time, all the feet under the Blood Killing Battle Fort started to move. These feet were very flexible, just like fingers. They swept away all the black snakes on the magic circle. Of course, with those feet With such power, those black snakes would definitely not survive and were swept to death directly, so those magic circles were quickly cleared.

Then the Blood Killing Battle Fort fell, and then the magic formations were activated, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also rushed out of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but at this time, those black snakes crawled over again, But they seemed to have learned wisely. They knew they couldn't deal with the Blood Killing Battle Castle, so they started to deal with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not novices. They immediately set up a formation. Some of them dealt with the black snakes while others completed their work. Soon they had all the magic formations connected. Together, of course, at this time, many black snakes climbed directly onto those magic circles, but the people of the Blood Killing Sect didn't care so much, and directly activated the entire magic circle, and the base's shield was instantly Stand up.

After the shield of the base was set up, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately went out and cleaned up all the black snakes still in the base. Those black snakes seemed to have been affected by the power of the Blood Killing Sect's laws. The influence has greatly limited their strength and can be easily dealt with. At least the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel that those snakes are much easier to deal with than before.

After cleaning up those snakes, the Blood Killing Sect disciples immediately began to attack the black snakes outside that were climbing towards the shield. At the same time, more Blood Killing Sect disciples poured out of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. He came out and started his own work, and the Blood Killing Sect's base began to be established smoothly.

Wen Wenhai had been watching the movements of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect through the projection. He waited until the base was officially established before he took a deep breath, and then he said: "I really feel now that the establishment of a real illusion , for our Blood Killing Sect, the benefits are really great. These disciples all have actual combat training in the real illusion, as well as various other trainings. With the addition of actual combat in the two interfaces, it’s He has grown up completely. Without the real illusion, it would be absolutely impossible for us disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to reach this level."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "If we look at it from another perspective, we people can't catch up with the sect master even if we are trying to flatter him. Only the sect master can lead us people to where we are today and allow our Blood Killing Sect to develop smoothly to this level." Chengdu, if it were anyone else, it would be absolutely impossible to do it. They would either abandon us or be dragged down by us."

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "I feel the same way now. Forget it, don't think so much. Now that we have followed the sect master, the sect master cannot give up on us, so we must make our strength stronger. Strong, this will hinder the sect leader less. Although our attack this time is very smooth, there is one thing you should notice, that is, the power of law here seems to react very quickly. We are establishing the first When we first had a small base, they didn't have such a fast attack speed, but when we started to build the second base, their attack speed became faster, which is really surprising."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "That's true. Although our disciples reacted very quickly and responded in the shortest time, we must be prepared. The enemy will send these black men this time." If snakes come to deal with us, we don’t know if they will send some stronger snakes to deal with us at the next moment, so we must be careful.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "But judging from the attack of those black snakes this time, our plan is feasible. The moment the shield of the base was opened, the combat effectiveness of those black snakes was reduced a lot. , it became easier for us to deal with it.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Yes, this is good news. This proves that our plan is completely feasible. We can continue to carry out our plan, and the speed must be faster. The energy consumption here at our main base is now It's too fast. The more the number of black snakes, the faster they absorb energy, so we have to be careful."

Wen Wenhai raised his head and glanced outside. Although he couldn't see the shield outside now, his face didn't look good because the energy consumption in their base was too great. They had never thought about this before. The problem is, because they had the Xuanwu Space at that time, and the energy provided by the Xuanwu Space to them was almost endless. But now, they don’t have the Xuanwu Space, so they can only rely on the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond. Although the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond can provide energy, There are also a lot of them, but they are incomparable to the Xuanwu Space.

It was only now that Wen Wenhai and the others knew how powerful Zhao Hai was. The fact that their previous battles went so smoothly had a lot to do with Zhao Hai. Even now, their battles go so smoothly because of him. Zhao Hai has laid a good foundation, that's why he is like this.

Now Wen Wenhai has a headache for energy. Although they can still build Yin and Yang Thunder Ponds, this is a temporary solution rather than a permanent solution. The more energy they have on their shields, the more energy those black snakes will absorb. Satisfied, this is not necessarily a good thing for them. Those black snakes absorbed the energy, but did not become stronger. This does not mean that they have wasted the energy. Wen Wenhai does not believe that those black snakes will The energy that was wasted must have been given to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

Although they don’t know how the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws converted that energy into the energy of the Shadow Clan’s laws, they must have done this, and doing so is very fatal, because it means that they will have to deal with it in the future. The power of Shadow Clan's laws will be even more difficult.

Wen Wenhai frowned and turned his eyes back to the projection. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect on the projection were still busy. They were doing things in an orderly manner without any hesitation. It can be said that this base has been completely stabilized. Although most of the credit goes to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also have a lot of credit. If not for them, it would not be possible to achieve this point.

Suddenly, Wen Wenhai's eyes couldn't help but light up. He turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, what do you think about letting us disciples of the Blood Killing Sect go to the shield to kill those black snakes? Now in our construction site, there are simply We don’t need so many people. Many disciples are bored in the room. We can let them go out and kill snakes. Although it is impossible for them to kill all the snakes at once, if they kill one, we can reduce the number of snakes. I’ve absorbed some power, what do you think?”

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "This is a way. Now in our sect, the only ones who can combine physical attacks and energy attacks well are those disciples. Even the Blood Killing Battle Fort They are no match for their external incarnations in this regard, so it is absolutely feasible for them to take action."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Okay, let's do it then. We will let those disciples take action. You go and make arrangements. Don't let them all take action at once. They have to come in batches to avoid encountering any unexpected situations. We We have no manpower now." Wen Wenhai was still very confident in the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so he came up with such a way. Now that Chang Jun agreed, he was naturally very happy.

Chang Jun smiled slightly and said, "I don't have to." Then he took out the communication array and went to give orders.