c7040 start

Wen Wenhai calculated the time, and then turned to look at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai also looked at Wen Wenhai and said with a smile: "You guys came up with the battle plan this time, so I won't follow you and give random orders. Everything It’s all up to you, go ahead and make your own decision.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, then took a deep breath, turned to look at the others, and then said in a deep voice: "You have all heard what the boss said, so I won't say anything more. Lao Wen, let's get started." After that, he turned to look at Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming didn't say anything more. He just responded. Then he stretched out his hand, and a metal ball appeared in his hand.

This metal ball looks like a solid metal ball. The diameter of the entire metal ball is about one meter and it looks very heavy. Of course, this is nothing to a monk, and Zhao Hai can also be sure that this metal ball, It's definitely not solid, there must be a magic circle inside. This is Wen Wenhai's plan.

Wen Yuming glanced at the metal ball, then with a thought in his mind, he loosened his hand and threw the metal ball directly into the space channel. There was no connecting line on this metal ball, it was just a ball, but Zhao Hai didn't react at all. He just looked at the metal ball quietly.

The moment the metal ball fell into the space channel, a huge projection appeared in front of Chang Jun. Of course, the projection was completely dark and nothing could be seen, but no one reacted. , because they all know that even if there is a magic circle in the metal ball, it cannot be used in the space channel, so it is very normal for this situation to occur.

Zhao Hai looked calm. He kept looking at the projection. Less than a quarter of an hour later, the sudden projection suddenly lit up. Then Zhao Hai discovered that the projection was still completely dark, with only a few The highlight is that Zhao Hai also understands this situation very well. The place has been occupied by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so this dark situation is normal and there is nothing surprising.

At this moment, Zhao Hai heard a soft sound. He took a closer look and found that the four light spots were moving around. Soon more and more light spots appeared. After a while, the projection came on A patch of light points appeared. Those light points were connected together, and it could be clearly seen that it was a teleportation array.

Zhao Hai only glanced at it and saw that there was no problem with this teleportation array. It was completely usable. Moreover, it was a relatively complex cross-border teleportation array. This teleportation array was opened using the art of mechanism. It seems that Shenjitang's research on the art of mechanism has become more in-depth, and the current art of mechanism has become more powerful.

Wen Yuming was also looking at the teleportation array. After looking at it, he said: "No problem, you can use it." Wen Yuming was also worried that something would go wrong with this teleportation array when it passed through the space channel. Now that there was nothing wrong with it, he was naturally happy, so he immediately told Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai nodded, immediately took out the communication array, and said to the communication array: "First team, take action, and complete your goal in the shortest time." As soon as his voice fell, the communication Immediately, a voice came from the magic circle: "Yes, elder." After saying that, there was no sound.

Zhao Hai ignored Wen Wenhai. He just looked at the projection. For a while, the teleportation array on the projection suddenly lit up. Then a group of people appeared directly on the teleportation array. After these people appeared on the teleportation array, The leader immediately glanced around, and then he moved his hands and held up an object. After the object flew out of his hands, it grew in the wind, and in the blink of an eye it turned into a huge bloody mountain. Everyone in the Killing Battle Fort and the subsequent teleportation array moved directly into the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

After they entered the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the Blood Killing Battle Fort immediately took off. With this space channel as the center, he began to fly in circles. Every time he flew for a period of time, he would directly drop a magic circle. The defense line, which caused the magic circle defense line to fall to the ground, immediately stopped opening. Soon, a large area centered on this teleportation array was all occupied by the magic circle defense line. Then Wen Wenhai's communication magic circle A voice came out: "Team 1, the mission has been completed, please proceed to the second step." After saying this, there was no sound.

Wen Wenhai immediately took out the communication array, connected to another array, and then said: "Second team, take action." There was a single yes from the communication array, and then there was no sound. Everyone looked at the projection , a white light flashed on the teleportation array on the ground, and the next moment another group of people appeared on the teleportation array. As soon as this group of people appeared, one person immediately set up another blood-killing battle fort, Then he directly led half of the people into the Blood Killing Battle Fort, while the remaining half began to get busy on the ground. They completely connected the defense lines with magic circles. The entire projection was busy.

The second blood-killing battle fort immediately began to deploy more defense lines. At this moment, Wen Wenhai's voice was heard: "Third team, fourth team, fifth team, Action." Following his voice, three yeses came out from the communication array, and then he saw another group of people appearing in the teleportation array on that interface, and then another group of people appeared in the teleportation array. In the array.

As soon as these people emerged from the teleportation array, they immediately began to complete the entire teleportation array, striving to turn those defensive arrays into a defensive array, or a huge defensive array, in the shortest possible time. , although these people are busy, they are not chaotic at all.

In less than an hour, I saw the people in the projection standing up almost at the same time. Then they communicated, and then they entered the magic formula into the magic circle almost at the same time. Just after the magic formula was entered into the magic circle, , the magic circle suddenly lit up, and a white light shot into the sky, instantly forcing the power of the Shadow Clan's laws back.

The people in the projection cheered, and then a voice came from Wen Wenhai's communication circle: "Elder, the first stage is completed, please give instructions." There was a hint of excitement in this voice, and everyone could hear it. When they came out, the speaker was very excited, and Zhao Hai and the others were also very happy, because this time these disciples performed really well.

Wen Wenhai immediately said through the communication array: "Okay, you performed very well. Now you are on alert and waiting for reinforcements." After getting the answer from the other party, Wen Wenhai drove up and said: "Second Phase Action Team , act in turn." Following his voice, a neat voice came out of his communication array, and then he saw countless Blood Killing Sect disciples appearing in the teleportation array on that interface. These Blood Killing Sect disciples After appearing, they began to release blood-killing battle forts one by one, and then the blood-killing battle forts began to fly towards the outside of their base and cast down defensive lines one by one.

As the defense lines of the magic formations were thrown down one by one, countless disciples immediately followed and began to perfect the entire magic formation. In less than an hour, nearly a hundred blood vessels had been concentrated on their interface. Killing the Zhan Fort, at the same time, their territory was also expanding rapidly, and soon it became a huge territory that directly reached about a thousand miles.

Wen Wenhai was very satisfied with this situation. He then ordered the third wave of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to enter that space. Soon the third batch of disciples entered. After these disciples entered, they began to investigate the entire The magic circle was being finalized. Zhao Hai also noticed that these disciples brought a lot of magic circle wheels. These magic circle wheels were originally on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but the magic circle on the Blood Killing Battle Fort was The wheel is integrated with the Blood Killing Battle Fort and cannot be dismantled. However, the wheels of the magic circle that the disciples have obtained in that interface now exist separately. These wheels of the magic circle are designed to make the current In the Blood Killing Sect's base, there will be the power of the Blood Killing Sect's laws, so there is no need to worry about being suppressed by the Shadow Clan's power of laws.

Zhao Hai was actually very satisfied with this situation. He turned to look at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai smiled and said to Zhao Hai: "Boss, we are not going to let Xuanwu Island enter there so early this time. You Just watch, we have already made arrangements. Then he gave another order.

Following his order, another group of disciples appeared on the interface. After they appeared, they immediately took out a few metal balls, but the metal balls were not solid, but liquid. Zhao Hai As soon as he saw the metal ball, he knew that it was blood gold, and Zhao Hai almost knew what Wen Wenhai and the others were going to do.

Sure enough, just as Zhao Hai thought, as soon as these disciples appeared, they immediately heated the metals. As the blood gold increased crazily, the Blood Killing Sect disciples who entered with them immediately used their mental power to heat the blood metal. The gold changed shape, and finally the blood gold turned directly into a metal room. The area of ​​these metal rooms seemed to be quite large.

Then they added the potion into the metal room, and the metal room immediately solidified and turned into real rooms. Zhao Hai was sure that these rooms must have internal space, which means that these rooms are larger than He seems to be more capable of pretending.

It can be said that this action is the most true manifestation of the strength of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The action was orderly, without any panic, and the entire action went very smoothly. This was something that Zhao Hai did not expect at the beginning. From their perspective From the very beginning of the operation until now, it only took about four hours, and a base had already taken shape. This made Zhao Hai not surprised and unhappy.

Wen Wenhai turned to look at Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, now we have almost established a firm foothold. The next step is to let the disciples enter that interface, enter those rooms, and fight against all the bloody battles at the same time. Fort, replenish the defense line of the magic circle, and when the number of our disciples reaches one billion, we can attack that interface."

Zhao Hai still looked very happy at Wen Wenhai's words. He nodded and said, "Okay, good job. I told you that you will be the one to direct this operation, so I won't say anything more. Unless it is absolutely necessary, I will not take action, so the fate of these disciples is in your hands."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.