c7045 war

Eleven bases of the Blood Killing Sect have been built, and now they are preparing to build the twelfth base. After this base is built, all of the Blood Killing Sect's sub-bases will be completed, and they can directly build these The base was activated and turned into a larger magic circle, surrounding their main base. The black snakes still in the main base will soon become fish in the net, and they can clean them up by then. Those black snakes.

Their base has been established very smoothly these days. Although there are black snakes attacking them all the time, only black snakes attack them. This makes them surprised and at the same time very lucky. Fortunately, there are only these black snakes. If there are some other snakes, it will be very difficult to build a base smoothly.

The construction of the twelfth base started soon. Now, not only the defense line of the Blood Killing Battle Fort will be covered with black snakes, but also the Blood Killing Battle Fort will be covered with black snakes. These The black snakes seemed to be able to fly. They would climb directly to the Blood Killing Battle Fort from the air. Then they would attach themselves to the shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort and become immobile. This also caused the Blood Killing Battle Fort to waste a lot of energy. Energy, but the Blood Killing Battle Fort has not stopped. There are many black snakes on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but the work they should do has not stopped at all.

The defensive line of the magic circle was put down, and then a small base was built, powered by the Blood Killing Battle Fort. The moment the shield of the small base was raised, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to attack the Blood Killing Battle Fort and the small base. They have been cleaning up the black snakes, and they have been doing this kind of work very smoothly.

Soon the construction of this small base was completed. When the construction of this small base was completed, Wen Wenhai and the others also breathed a sigh of relief, because after the small base was built, they could make the next step and planned those small bases. Wen Wenhai and the others could determine the situation of the base, so the small bases were built at the center of the formation, which could connect all the small bases to the main base.

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but turn their eyes to them. There were two people beside them. One was famous, and the other was an old man. This old man looked very old. He had a bald head, a very thin figure, no beard, only two very long eyebrows, and wrinkles on his face. He stood there hunched over, not looking like a monk at all.

But Wen Wenhai and the others absolutely dare not underestimate this old man. This old man also has another identity. He is currently the patriarch of the Jiu Shugui clan. The Jiu Shugui clan is a natural user and arranger of magic circles. He can even They are said to be born formation breakers, so they used to be called the Formation Breaking Beast Clan, but in fact they call themselves the Nine Numbers Beast Clan. They are a race rescued by Zhao Hai, who first rescued them. At that time, their entire race had less than a thousand people and was about to be exterminated. After so many years of development, the Jiu Shugui clan now numbered nearly 100,000 people. It can be said that it was developing very fast.

And they are also Zhao Hai's servant race, so their status in the Blood Killing Sect is still very high. However, because of their talents, their clan usually joins Shenji Hall as soon as they are born, so people outside are very Few people knew about them, and this time Wen Wenhai specially invited Old Man Jiu Suan, the leader of the Jiu Shugui clan.

The reason why Wen Wenhai asked Old Man Jiu Suan to take action was because this time they connected points to form a magic circle. To form such a magic circle, not only must all the formation eyes be built first, but also You must be well prepared and make no mistakes when entering the magic formula into the magic circle. In the past, it seemed very easy for Zhao Hai to do it, but in the Shenji Hall, there is no one who can do this. Many, even being famous does not necessarily guarantee success. Only the old man Jiu Shu has nine levels of certainty, which is equivalent to success, so Wen Wenhai asked him to take action.

The old man Jiu Suan half-closed his eyes, as if he had fallen asleep, but when Wen Wenhai's eyes fell on him, he felt it immediately, and he couldn't help but open his eyes, and then turned his head to look He glanced at Wen Wenhai, then raised his fist towards Wen Wenhai and said, "Elder Wen, are you ready?"

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Yes, everything is ready. Please ask the leader of the Nine Calculators to take action. We must succeed this time. Otherwise, the energy consumption in the main base will be too great. This will only provide more energy to the enemy." Energy doesn’t do us any good.”

The old man Jiu Suan nodded and said: "Okay, serving the sect master is the responsibility of our Jiu Suan clan. I will start now." After saying that, he turned around and walked out of the room. Wen Wenhai and the others quickly followed. Regarding Jiu Suan Wen Wenhai and the others, who the old man didn't know very well, were all very surprised. He didn't expect that even at such an old age, the old man would be so resolute in doing things.

The old man Jiu Suan didn't care so much. He came outside and took a look around. He found that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were in their respective positions and were attacking the black snakes. He nodded with satisfaction and then turned his head. He said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, ask all the disciples to stop. When the magic circle is activated, they cannot take action. Even the sky-wide fire on the Blood Killing Battle Fort has stopped. The same goes for other bases to prevent energy It affects the activation of the magic circle."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then immediately went to give the order. He had great trust in the Jiu Shugui clan, which was Zhao Hai's servant race. If they didn't trust these people, who else could they trust? Wen Wenhai was very sure , even if everyone else in the Blood Killing Sect betrays Zhao Hai, these servant races of Zhao Hai will not betray Zhao Hai. For this, Wen Wenhai has extremely strong confidence.

After Wen Wenhai's order was issued, the attacking Blood Killing Sect disciples all retreated. Those Blood Killing Sect disciples who were standing on the magic circle and commanding the energy weapons also stopped. The attack on the Blood Killing Battle Fort They all stopped, and then Wen Wenhai received reports from the sub-bases one after another, and all their attacks there also stopped.

After receiving these reports, Wen Wenhai turned his attention to the old man Jiu Suan. The old man Jiu Suan nodded, and then he jumped into the sky. The next moment, his figure suddenly grew bigger, and finally became... It became an extremely huge giant turtle. This giant turtle was about thirty feet long and ten feet tall. On the back of this giant turtle, there were countless grids, and these grids seemed to There are runes flashing all the time, which looks very mysterious.

This is the true form of Old Man Jiu Suan, the ultimate state of the Jiu Shuang Turtle clan. Then Old Man Jiu Suan fell directly to the ground, and then spit out each syllable from his mouth. As these syllables were spit out, he memorized The runes in the grids on the top slowly lit up, and then these runes turned into energy runes one by one, and fell into the base's magic circle. As these runes fell into the base's magic circle, Inside, the base's magic circles also lit up one after another. When all the magic circles in the base all lit up, all the light began to converge towards the center of the base. When all the white light gathered into the middle of the base, you could see A white light rose into the sky and shot directly into the sky.

The white light shot out directly from the top of the base's shield, so the black snake blocking the white light disappeared instantly. After the white light appeared in the sky, it suddenly spread out in all directions. It turned into twelve small white lights, shooting in twelve different directions.

When the white light arrived at the twelve sub-bases, twelve white lights flew out directly from the twelve sub-bases, and were connected to these twelve white lights. At the moment when the white light met , Wen Wenhai and the others felt that the ground seemed to shake, and then they felt as if countless rays of white light suddenly appeared in their eyes, making them unable to see anything. After their eyes recovered, Wen Wenhai and the others discovered that there seemed to be another huge shield outside the shield of their base, but the dazzling white light had disappeared.

When Wen Wenhai saw this situation, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he turned his head and glanced at the old man Jiu Suan in front of him. Now the old man Jiu Suan had returned to the appearance of an old man, and his expression was so... There was no change, but there was a hint of joy in his eyes.

The old man Jiu Suan also felt Wen Wenhai's gaze, and he said in a deep voice: "Elder Wen, the magic circle has been completed, and you can proceed to the next step. The newly created layer of shield is not very strong now, because in order to block Those black snakes, don't let those black snakes fall down directly. I have not removed the protective shield inside. You must deal with these black snakes as soon as possible, and then you can use all the power to energy the outer layer. Shield, if it's too slow, I'm worried that the outer shield won't last long.

Wen Wenhai woke up immediately. He clasped his fists at the old man Jiu Suan, and then he immediately took out the communication array and ordered loudly: "All Blood Killing Sect disciples, listen, all attack , we must destroy all the black snakes outside the main base in the shortest possible time. We must move quickly. All the blood-killing battle fortresses must attack with all their strength. Quick, quick, do you understand?" came from the communication circle. After hearing the sound of responding to orders, countless Blood Killing Sect disciples rushed out of the room and rushed toward the black snake outside the shield. At the same time, the Blood Killing Battle Fort and all the energy weapons in the base were , all began to attack, and everyone in the entire base became busy.

Upon seeing this situation, Chang Jun couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "I think now we can transfer some people from the sect. Now that our place is bigger, we need more manpower. We can clear out all those black snakes as soon as possible. There are quite a few black snakes, so we have to speed up."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and immediately took out the communication array and gave an order to the left-behind personnel in the sect to send people to the Snake World base immediately. The more people sent, the better. The more people who come, the better. The faster, the better. The entire Blood Killing Sect started moving quickly. Countless Blood Killing Sect disciples came to the Snake World through the magic circle. The first Snake World War finally began.