c7041 blacksnake

Wen Wenhai nodded, his face a little solemn. He knew that this was a test for them from Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai would not take action unless absolutely necessary, then he really would not take action, and Wen Wenhai and the others also After thinking about it, they must let them conquer this interface by themselves. If they let Zhao Hai take action to conquer this interface, then they would have failed.

Then under Wen Wenhai's order, batches of Blood Killing Sect disciples appeared in that space. Some disciples entered the metal houses directly, while some disciples entered the Blood Killing Sect directly. In the battle fort, the defensive line of the magic circle in the bloody battle fort has been replenished.

Just when everyone was watching this, a clear hissing sound suddenly came into everyone's ears. Everyone could hear it. This hissing sound came from the projection, and everyone's spirits were all over the place. When they mentioned it, they knew very clearly that this kind of sound could never be made by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It must be made by something else.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in that interface also heard this voice, and they immediately looked around. At the same time, those disciples had entered the magic circle. Those magic circles were all energy weapons. They were ready to fight, and Those disciples who did not need to enter the magic circle now all walked out of the metal houses. They flew into the air, had put on their armor, and took out weapons in their hands.

At this time, Zhao Hai noticed that there was a black tide slowly coming over the base's expansion shield. The tide seemed to be rising, slowly coming up to the shield. It seemed that It seemed like the entire shield was being submerged.

But the flow of the tides was somewhat special and looked very strange. Of course, other people also noticed this, and they all focused their attention on the tides. Soon everyone discovered that there was nothing there at all. What a tide, but little black snakes. The length of these little snakes is not very long, only a little more than three feet, but there are too many of them. These little snakes are next to each other, stacked one on top of the other, They are squeezed one after another without any gaps, so it looks like a tide.

Obviously, the disciples in that space also discovered those little snakes, and immediately under the orders of the people, they began to attack those little snakes. The energy beams were directly like hitting those little snakes. , as the energy beams hit the little snakes one after another, the little snakes atomized and disappeared, but soon they appeared again. It took several hits with the energy weapon to kill some little snakes. Kill.

Upon seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frowned. He said in a deep voice: "It seems that these little snakes should be the same creatures as the Shadow Clan, but there are some differences. Our energy weapons are not suitable for the Shadow Clan people." The lethality is still very high, but the lethality against these small snakes doesn’t seem to be ideal.”

Chang Jun said: "Don't forget, the interface there is the same as ours. That means that the power of the Shadow Clan Law there is not the pure power of the Shadow Clan Law. There should be some Buddhist power in it. , and part of the Buddha's power will also enter the bodies of those little snakes, so those little snakes should be more resistant to energy weapons."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then immediately gave an order, asking other disciples to ignore the war and seize the time to enter that interface. At the same time, he ordered the commanders in that interface to do a good job and let the disciples analyze and proceed. Rest and don't throw yourself into the battle all at once.

The commander there responded and immediately made arrangements. In the Blood Killing Sect's base, although energy weapons were constantly attacking, most of the disciples did not actually participate in the attack. They could be resting in those metal houses. , preparing for rotation, everything is going on in an orderly manner.

Although this was the case, Wen Wenhai and the others did not relax for a moment. They were always paying attention to the situation there, and they absolutely did not dare to be negligent. They knew very well that under any circumstances, do not underestimate your enemies. , otherwise the only one who will suffer is you, so they have been very careful.

Wen Wenhai even asks about the energy consumption in that interface base every once in a while. You must know that there is only one Yin-Yang Thunder Pool as an energy source in that base, and the second energy source has not been built yet. If excessive energy consumption occurs at this time, the situation will not be good.

Although the attack of the Blood Killing Sect has continued, the little snakes have not stopped. They are still crawling towards the shield, climbing up the shield from all sides. They look very scary. Now those snakes have crawled The shield was half full, but it still didn't stop and was still climbing up.

At this moment, the sudden white-eyed voice of the frontline commander of the Blood Killer Sect suddenly sounded in Wen Wenhai's communication circle: "Elder, it's not good, the energy consumption on our shield is very huge. Now The energy consumption is already about three times that of normal conditions, and the speed of this consumption is still increasing. If it continues like this, the consequences will be very dangerous. We will not use it for an hour, and I am afraid that the energy supply will If something goes wrong, it will take about two hours to build the second energy source, which will be very troublesome."

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard Bai Yan's report, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "What's going on? Why does the energy consumption increase so quickly? Do you know the reason?" Others also Everyone became nervous, but Zhao Hai still looked calm.

Baiyan's voice came: "Maybe it's because of those snakes. Those snakes may absorb energy. Elder, what should we do if we take over the karma? Do we need to stop using some energy weapons in order to save energy?" This is also a problem. This method is because energy weapons and energy shields are supplied with energy by the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool. Stopping the use of some energy weapons can save some energy, so that the energy shield can last longer.

Wen Wenhai thought for a moment, then turned to look at the others, and then he said to Chang Jun and the others: "Let's start the second plan." Chang Jun and the others nodded. It was obvious that they already had some understanding of this situation. I have made some preparations, so I prepared the second plan.

When Wen Wenhai saw everyone nodding, he immediately said: "Initiate the second plan, draw out five blood-killing battle forts, and temporarily supply energy to the entire formation. They will not participate for the time being, but the energy of the entire formation Don't stop when attacking with weapons. Send your disciples to attack those snakes at close range. Try to find out what kind of attack method is more effective against those snakes. Also, give it a try to see if those snakes can really Absorb energy.”

Bai Yan immediately responded, and then under Zhao Hai's gaze, he saw five Blood Killing Battle Castles in the sky, slowly falling to a place only about ten meters above the ground, and then the Blood Killing Battle Castle below Those feet all stretched out and landed on some magic arrays. There were some energy nodes on these magic arrays. As the feet of the Blood Killing Battle Fort landed on them, those energy nodes all lit up.

Zhao Hai looked at this situation and couldn't help but nodded. The Blood Killing Battle Fort can temporarily provide energy for the energy array. This is something they are famous for recently, but they didn't expect to use it so soon. , it seems that the effect is really good, which makes Zhao Hai very happy.

Seeing that those blood-killing battle forts could smoothly provide energy to the magic circle, Wen Wenhai and the others were relieved. This was the first time they used this method in actual combat, but they did not expect that it would be so smooth and effective. It would be so good, which made them all very happy.

Soon I saw a group of Blood Killing Sect disciples flying to the edge of the shield. They began to try to use various methods to attack those black snakes, and even used Buddha's power. With the power of the curse, of course ordinary physical attacks, and attacks combining magic weapons and energy are even more common.

Just when those disciples were experimenting, bursts of exclamations suddenly came from those disciples. Zhao Hai and the others immediately looked over and saw that some snakes in front of those disciples suddenly became much thicker. It also grew a lot longer, as if it had been blown by someone, and it had grown up all at once.

These snakes are actually divided into two types, one is black, and the other is black with a gold ring. These two snakes look very excited. They don't just crawl forward like other small black snakes. , but began to attack the shield non-stop. No wonder those disciples were surprised.

However, those snakes that grew in size were quickly eliminated. Although it took longer than dealing with ordinary snakes, they were still eliminated. This also made everyone feel relieved. After a while, they fell. Come down, and then go to Baiyan to report, and Zhao Hai and the others are also waiting for the results.

After those people finished reporting, Bai Yan immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder, the test has come out. Only the combination of energy and magic weapons is the most effective way to deal with those snakes, and the power of Buddha and curse must not be used. Those Snakes can absorb energy. They particularly like the power of Buddha and the power of curse. If these two powers are used against him, their energy will become stronger. The reason why the snakes became bigger before was because they absorbed the power of curse. We still have Buddha’s power, so we can’t use this method to deal with them.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, here's the order, let those on the Blood Killing Battle Fort try attacking with Mantianhuo. Try all kinds of Mantianhuo energy to see what the effect is." Bai Yan responded, and then immediately gave the order. Following Bai Yan's order, the sky-wide fire on the Blood Killing Battle Fort immediately opened fire. A series of rockets shot directly at the snake group, and then exploded among the snake group. , a large area of ​​the snake group will be blasted out immediately, and the snakes in the blasted position will not recover. This discovery made Wen Wenhai and the others' eyes light up, and they seemed very excited, because this meant The fire that filled the sky was very lethal to these snakes.