c7054 new enemy

The Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Fort, after replenishing enough defense lines, was ready to set off. Now half of the Blood Killing Sect's strength has arrived in the Snake Realm. Wen Wenhai and the others also have some weapons because of the previous battle. They have gained confidence, so now the Blood Killing Sect can be said to be as powerful as a rainbow.

All the disciples are ready. They know that as long as the Blood Killing Battle Castle sets out, the war will come soon. Although they are confident that they can deal with the enemy, the enemy will not disappear on its own. They must fight with Only the enemy can fight, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not afraid of fighting. Everyone seems very excited.

Following Wen Wenhai's order, the Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Fort launched an attack. This time they still used ten battle forts as a team. All the battle forts were divided into fifty teams, and this time these battle forts were divided into fifty teams. Blood Kill Battle Fort has also adjusted their tactics, they want to make the formation of bases faster.

The moment the Blood Killing Battle Fort rushed out of the Blood Killing Sect's defense line, countless giant pythons rushed out. Now outside the Blood Killing Sect's base, you can hardly see those ordinary black snakes. , the fighting power of those little black snakes was too weak. After the people of the Blood Killing Sect found their weaknesses, it was impossible for them to think about what threat they posed to the Blood Killing Sect, so they devoured each other, and now they have all It's a giant python, not an ordinary little snake anymore.

And in the power of Shadow Clan's laws, all the snakes that were born were giant pythons, and the small snakes were also gone. It was obvious that the Shadow Clan's laws of heaven and earth had also made some adjustments, and there was nothing that could be done about it. , after all, the laws of heaven and earth of the Shadow Clan are not so easy to deal with.

But now the Blood Killing Battle Fort doesn't care much about the giant pythons. They keep attacking those giant pythons. Although their energy weapons can still beam beams and have not turned into energy beasts, their energy The weapons and combat effectiveness are not weak at all, so they are not at all inferior to those giant pythons.

The fact is just as they thought, the fighting power of those giant pythons is really very powerful, but the Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Fort is not a vegetarian. This time they not only used energy weapons to attack, they also used tentacles to attack. They all stretched out and attacked the giant pythons non-stop, so the ten Blood Killing Battle Forts were moving forward. It was impossible for those giant pythons to even get close to them. After all, the tentacles in the Blood Killing Battle Forts were so long. But it's quite astonishing.

This time, their advance distance was still about 500 miles, and then they directly released the magic circle defense line together. After the magic circle defense line was released, those magic circle defense lines were automatically combined under the command of the puppet disciples. Together, the base was launched directly, and a small base was established so smoothly. The most gratifying thing is that such a small base is almost impossible to be broken.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very satisfied with this situation. Of course they have reason to be happy. Now the speed at which they can build a small base is less than one-tenth of the speed at which they used to build a small base. Such a speed , how can they be unhappy.

After a base was built and the disciples were left behind, and the Nine Number Turtles were also left behind, the Blood Killing Battle Castle headed towards the next target. The reason why they were able to find each target point so smoothly was that they followed Kirigakure. The clan's reconnaissance is also inseparable. The Kirigakure clan's reconnaissance is very prepared. After finding the location, an instruction circle will be arranged below the location. The Blood Killing Battle Fort will follow these arrays. Come out with instructions to build a base.

As the bases were built one by one, the giant pythons became more and more manic. They seemed to know that when all the bases were built, they would suffer huge losses, so the attacks of the giant pythons became more and more intense. It was fierce, but their strength was limited, and there was nothing they could do to kill the battle fort with blood.

Just when the small base of the Blood Killing Sect was about half built, the sudden giant pythons began to retreat. All the giant pythons outside the Blood Killing Sect began to retreat, and they no longer attacked the Blood Killing Sect. The base was small, and all attacks on the Blood Killing Battle Fort had stopped, which made the people of the Blood Killing Sect feel very puzzled.

Naturally, Wen Wenhai and the others received the news immediately. Upon hearing this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but be startled. Then he turned to look at the others and said, "All those giant pythons have retreated? What do you think? How do I feel about this? There seems to be some conspiracy? What do you think?"

Chang Jun frowned, nodded and said: "That must be the case. Our current opponent is from the Shadow Clan. What kind of character are the Shadow Clan people? I think you can't help but know how the Shadow Clan people can retreat without a fight." As for the matter, that is absolutely impossible, so you can be sure that they must have some conspiracy. If they remind the front line and the bloody battle fort, they must be careful and let all the disciples be ready to fight at any time."

Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then passed on the order directly. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was ready. They knew very well that the enemy was retreating now, and it was absolutely impossible to be afraid of them, because their current enemy , which is equivalent to the power of law of the Shadow Clan, and the power of law is not afraid of saying this.

Baiyan is currently in a Blood Killing Battle Fort of the Blood Killing Sect. He is the commander on the front line, but there is no need for him to command at the base, so he directly commands those Blood Killing Battle Forts. Although the Blood Killing Battle Fort They operate in groups, but they also need a unified command, and Baiyan is their commander.

After receiving Wen Wenhai's order, Bai Yan immediately asked everyone to be more careful. At this moment, countless red lights were suddenly seen shooting out from the back of the giant pythons, aiming directly at the bloody killing. In the small bases of the battle fort, these red lights came very fast, and almost appeared in front of the shields of the bloody battle fort and those small bases in a flash.

When the red light hit the shields of the Blood Killing Battle Fort and the small base, the people of the Blood Killing Sect discovered that the red light emitted this time was not red light at all, it was also a snake, a snake. A red snake. These red snakes are all about ten feet long and about the thickness of a bucket. Although they are much smaller than those giant pythons, they still look very scary. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately began to use energy weapons to attack these red snakes. The snake shot over.

But the red energy beams hit the snakes, but the snakes didn't react at all, as if the energy beams were scratching them. This surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and The flames on the base shields of the Blood Killing Sect seemed to have no effect on the snakes.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were surprised, they saw those snakes opening their mouths and biting the Blood Killing Sect's shield with one bite. However, in preparation, they didn't bite them, they just bit them. His mouth was placed on the shield, and then he saw the snakes sucking hard. Following the movements of the snakes, the flames on the Blood Slaughter Sect shield, like a baby swallow returning to its nest, directly entered the snake's body. mouth, and the snake's body also became thicker, as if it had been sucked in air.

Then the snake's mouth left the protective cover of the Blood Killing Sect, and then their bodies began to thicken and lengthen. Soon their bodies had grown to about twenty feet long and about one meter thick. The snakes once put their mouths on the shield and sucked hard. With this suck, their bodies became thicker.

Situations like this happened constantly in the Blood Killing Battle Fort and small bases of the Blood Killing Sect. Bai Yan was standing in a Blood Killing Battle Fort, so of course he discovered this situation immediately. , his face couldn't help but change, and then he immediately said loudly: "Quick, everyone pays attention, and immediately find a way to change the energy attribute of the shield. Those red snakes are not afraid of fire, and switch to water attribute. Quick."

After giving the order, Bai Yan immediately took out the communication array and said loudly: "Elder Wen, now a new kind of snake has appeared on the front line. This kind of snake is red. They are fire-attributed and are not afraid of us at all. The flame shield is not afraid of our fire-attributed energy attacks. They also turn the fire-attributed energy into a tonic. It is recommended that the shield at the main base be prepared to change its attributes immediately. Here, I have made all the blood The shield energy of the Battle Fort and the small base has been changed, and the properties of the energy weapons must also be changed."

Bai Yan knew very well that their blood-killing battle forts and small bases on the front line were very small, so the boats were easy to turn around. It was not difficult for them to change the properties of the shield, but the area of ​​the main base was very huge. It is not an easy task to change the properties of the shield there. Although the old man Jiu Suan is very powerful in the magic circle, he is far behind compared with Zhao Hai, so he cannot To reach Zhao Hai's level, the energy of the shield will be changed instantly, so you must be prepared in advance.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard Bai Yan's report, they were stunned at first, and then his face couldn't help but change. He immediately turned to look at Old Man Jiu Suan, and Old Man Jiu Suan's face also changed. He immediately said: "Look This is the enemy's method, but there are people from my Nine Calculation Turtle clan in those small bases. It is not difficult to change the shield of the small base. After all, the area of ​​the small base is too small, so it is very easy to change it. , we must be prepared when we get to the main base."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, then prepare immediately and change the properties of the shield here. Come on." Wen Wenhai was really anxious this time. If the enemies come this time, they can really kill them. If the fire attribute energy is completely turned into a tonic, it will be troublesome if they attack the main base with all their strength.

"Slow down." A voice suddenly came. Wen Wenhai and the others looked at it and saw that it was Ding Chunming who was speaking. Ding Chunming rarely spoke. This time Wen Wenhai invited Ding Chunming here just to treat them as people. The masters in each Blood Killing Battle Fort use it. If they encounter a very strong enemy, they need to take action. After all, sometimes a strong enemy can deal with the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and the Blood Killing Battle Fort It's a bit difficult to deal with those enemies.