c7053 victory

The attacks of the black snakes have been continuing, but even if the giant pythons attack, it is useless. They have no way to capture the improved small bases. These small bases are like nails. Their attack had no impact at all.

And a group of ten blood-killing battle forts can all hold fifty defensive lines. They were not full before, but now they are full. That is five hundred defensive lines, and five hundred Fifty bases have been deployed on the defensive line of the magic circle, and this time the number of small bases arranged by the Blood Killing Sect on the periphery has reached 12,960 bases. Although they still have not included all the bases in the magic circle. All the magic formations were used up, but a large part was also used up. It can be said that the most magic formation defense lines have been used since the Blood Killing Sect's attack.

After all the bases were arranged, the Jiu Shugui clan took action. The old man Jiu Suan was in charge of the main base. In each of the remaining small bases, there was a member of the Jiu Shugui clan. They all The real body appeared, and then the old man Jiu Suan made adjustments in person. After making sure that everyone was ready, Wen Wenhai gave the order, and with Wen Wenhai's command, all the more than 10,000 bases rose. In the daytime, the main base also lit up with a sky-high white light. Then these white lights merged together in the sky. After the white lights merged together, the shield around the Blood Slaughter Sect was also raised at the same time. This shield It is of the fire attribute. The moment it is propped up, flames are billowing from the top, and the bottom is like magma flowing, which is very powerful.

This time Wen Wenhai and others also saw the difference. In the past, when the old man started the formation by himself, a white light would rise first from the main base, and then a white light would rise from the other small bases. White light, then the white light here in the main base will disperse and connect with the white light in those small bases, so that the shield will activate.

But now it's different. Now at the main base and the small base, white lights rise at the same time and meet in the air to form a shield. The situation can be said to be completely different. Wen Wenhai and the others can also see that the old man Jiu Suan After the shield was formed this time, he breathed a sigh of relief and seemed extremely relaxed.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw that the shield was formed, although there were many giant pythons outside, they could not break through the outer shield. This made him relieved, and then he was overjoyed. Then he immediately ordered the blood to be killed. The battle fort immediately took care of all the black snakes and giant pythons between the two layers of protective shields. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also directly attacked, and must take care of those giant pythons in the shortest possible time.

And this time when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect went into battle, they still set up magic formations, but this time it was different. This time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all wearing armor, and under each of their feet, there was a Array symbols, when these array symbols or array plates are combined, it becomes a huge array. In this array, some energy weapons can always appear to attack the enemy.

However, the energy weapons that appear in their formation are somewhat different from the energy weapons used by the Blood Killing Sect. The energy weapons used by the Blood Killing Sect are generally energy beams, but the energy weapons flying out of the magic formation are energy beams. Beasts are not energy beams. Now because the energy of the fire system is more useful against those black snakes, the energy weapons that appear in the magic array are energy beasts such as fire dragons or fire phoenixes. These energy beasts can move freely. Just like real divine beasts, they attack giant pythons, like those small black snakes, and these energy beasts disdain to attack, because as long as these energy beasts fly past those black snakes, the flames they bring will The heat had already burned all those black snakes to death.

Such improvements were not completed with the help of Wen Yuming. They were adjustments made by Baiyan and the others themselves. At the same time, they also made some changes when using the Rubik's Cube battle formation. They would follow different formations. , using different magic formations, and these magic formations usually appear directly under their feet. With the blessing of these magic formations, their combat effectiveness will be very powerful.

Wen Wenhai and the others were also very surprised by Bai Yan and the others' adjustment. They really didn't expect that Bai Yan and the others could do so well. The adjustment was very successful. Even Zhao Hai was very happy after knowing about this incident. This incident also touched Wen Yuming and the others very much, because they found that they seemed to have forgotten a little bit. Well, when an energy weapon releases an energy beast, it seems to be more powerful than an energy beam, because if the energy beast is released, they can continuously attack the enemy and fight with the enemy. Energy beams cannot do this, so using energy weapons to directly shoot energy beasts has been mentioned on Shenjitang's agenda.

It can be said that the self-improvement of the Blood Killing Sect this time was very successful. At least their attack this time was very smooth. They occupied the territory in one fell swoop without any danger. This is for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Said that it was definitely a huge encouragement, and Wen Wenhai and the others were very happy.

Of course, they will not be satisfied with this. They know very well that the Blood Killing Sect still needs to continue to fight, make improvements when they find deficiencies, and then fight and improve. This is a way of progress for the Blood Killing Sect, Wen Wen Hai and the others all agreed.

After the war, Wen Wenhai and the others gathered in the room for a meeting. However, the atmosphere of the meeting was much better this time. Everyone had smiles on their faces. Wen Wenhai was still the one presiding over the meeting. He saw that He glanced at everyone and said with a smile: "This time our battle went very smoothly. It seems that our idea is correct and our improvements are also very successful. To be honest, I am really happy."

Everyone couldn't help but laugh. Chang Jun glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "This battle went very smoothly, but we also have to be careful. I think our opponents are not the only ones here. They may be next. There will be any special means, we must be careful."

Everyone nodded, but the smiles on their faces were never lost. Chang Jun looked at them and knew that these people did not take his words seriously now, and he was not saying anything. After all, now Everything went well. What he was saying was redundant. It was better not to say anything, so as not to spoil everyone's interest. And to be honest, he didn't think that his opponent would bring them much trouble. He really has such confidence now, because behind him is the entire Blood Killing Sect, and he has absolute confidence in the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "Okay, let's talk about the next battle. This time our attack went very smoothly, especially the establishment of the outer shield. We The tactics used are also very correct. Making our bases smaller and more numerous can really solve the problem of insufficient defense of our shields. However, I still have to ask, Lao Wen, how strong the shields are like this time. , how long can we maintain it? As you know, our bases are constantly expanding. As a result, the distance between our small bases will continue to widen, and as the distance widens, then we I’m afraid it’s difficult to guarantee the strength of the shield, right?”

Wen Yuming said in a deep voice: "You don't need to worry too much about this. Our small base is too close now. We can pull it farther away. The current area is naturally expanding. Ten times, the strength of the defensive shield will not be reduced much. Of course, if the area is expanded more than ten times, it will have a great impact on the strength of the shield. We will have to add small bases then amount."

As soon as they heard what Yu Ming said, everyone couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "That's good. Let's talk about the next plan. This time the attack went smoothly. There is nothing the enemy can do with our shield." , and for now, their offensive methods are still the same, but I think the enemy's offensive methods must not only be those, there will be other offensive methods, but when will this offensive method be used, I have not yet You know, we can't wait forever, we can also attack. I believe that as long as we attack, the enemy will definitely fight back. By then, they can use whatever powerful methods they have. If their methods are very powerful, then we Just think of ways to deal with them.”

Everyone nodded. They understood what Wen Yuming meant. The enemies they encountered at the sonic interface were stronger than the last. I believe it was the same here. Although the giant snakes that appeared now were all very powerful. , but their weaknesses are too obvious, and they can easily find ways to restrain them. If the enemy only has such a few means, absolutely no one will believe it. They believe that the enemy will definitely have more powerful means. deal with them.

Zhao Hai has also analyzed it for them before. The main reason why the enemy designed this interface is to test the disciples. The test will only become more and more difficult, and there is absolutely no possibility of it becoming easier. Therefore, they can be sure that the enemy will definitely have More powerful means are used to deal with them, but they really don't know what kind of means they are.

Not knowing what methods the enemy will use, there is naturally no way to make targeted adjustments. That's why Wen Wenhai said that if he has seen the tricks until all the enemy's moves are broken, then they will win. Well, this has always been a strategy of the Blood Killing Sect. There is no other way. The Blood Killing Sect also wants to rely on its strength to crush them all the way. However, there are not many such opportunities. The Blood Killing Sect has always The enemies we have faced before are not that easy to deal with. They don't have that chance.

So they have to use this method to deal with the enemy, and the result is that their method seems to be very effective, so Wen Wenhai and the others have been using this method. They don't feel any shame in using this method. Yes, the battlefield is all about victory and defeat.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.