c7052 attack

A month passed in the blink of an eye. The Blood Killer Sect has not been attacking, but those black snakes have been attacking. Those giant pythons have not been wiped out by the Blood Killer Sect, and the number of those black snakes has also been reduced. There is no decrease. On the contrary, under the leadership of those giant pythons, the attacks of those black snakes have become more powerful. They attack in waves, one after another, like a tide, constantly lapping. Same as the coast.

In the past month, the Jiu Shugui clan has been training in the real illusion. Although the old man Jiu Suan said that the Jiu Shugui clan can act together, and some people from the Jiu Shugui clan can activate a magic circle together. , but after all, this only exists in theory. They have never done it themselves, and they still need to be trained well.

But after hearing that they were also improving the new defense line of the magic circle, Tong Jin also called the puppet disciples over. Everyone acted together and let the puppet disciples know what they should do. This is very important. Yes, and the puppet disciple really has no objection at all to Wen Yuming’s proposal.

These puppet disciples are actually divided into two types. They call themselves the puppet clan, but their formation is divided into two types. One is the soul power of those spaces in the space, which was first penetrated by Zhao Hai. Among some puppets, they gradually gained intelligence and formed a clan of puppets. The second type is more peculiar. They were originally a clan of ghosts. The clan of ghosts have no bodies, but sometimes they feel , it is more troublesome to do anything without a body, so after they learned about the puppet clan, especially after the appearance of Foli Metal, they created puppets made of Foli Metal, and regarded that puppet as a their bodies.

At first, the ghosts were really not used to this new body, and they could come out of the new body at any time. But as time goes by, they are becoming more and more... They have adapted to their own bodies, and it is almost impossible for them to come out of the puppet body now, so they have become the puppet clan.

And these puppet disciples, because of their different origins, what they do are also very different. Like those puppet disciples who were originally the power of space souls, after they became real disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they generally became The members of the team train and fight just like ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples. As for the ghost puppet clan, because they have very profound knowledge, almost all of them work in the Shenji Hall, and not many people actually participate in the team.

What the Blood Killing Sect has to do this time is to let the Blood Killing Sect’s puppet disciples possess the defensive line of the magic circle, wait until the defense line of the magic circle falls to the ground, and then control the movement of the defense line of the magic circle so that the defense line of the magic circle can To reach the most suitable position for them as soon as possible, to become a whole and form a new base, the most suitable ones for this matter are of course the ghost puppet disciples. Ordinary puppet disciples do not have that strong understanding of the magic circle. Therefore, the ghost puppet disciple is the most suitable.

But Wen Yuming didn't think so. He wanted to improve the abilities of ordinary puppet disciples as soon as possible, and wanted those ordinary puppet disciples to learn as soon as possible how to arrange and combine the magic arrays, so He arranged fifty puppet disciples in each blood magic battle fort, and among these fifty puppet disciples, one was a ghost puppet disciple, and the remaining forty-nine were all universal puppet disciples. , and those ghost puppet disciples are equivalent to the masters of other puppet disciples. They need to teach them how to complete the combination of the magic array defense line. This is very important for the puppet disciples, because Wen Yuming believes that in the future, things like this Things must be indispensable.

Because they have almost completed the improvement of the magic circle defense line, and the matter of letting the puppet disciples possess the magic circle defense line is actually very simple, so it only took half a month since the last expansion. After hearing about it, they completed their work, and in the remaining half a month, they had been waiting for the Jiu Shugui clan to complete their training.

At first, Old Man Jiu Suan thought that such training was actually very simple. But when he actually started doing it, he realized that it was not an easy task because they had to be completely synchronized. Okay, if one person makes a mistake, it will be impossible to complete, and the entire circle may even be destroyed, so they must be synchronized to make it possible.

But it is not easy to achieve synchronization. Originally, they just wanted to achieve this level based on the feeling that they are of the same species and each other, but obviously it is not an easy thing. , although they are from the same clan, they do have this ability, but on the battlefield, it is definitely not easy for them to do this. Although they can succeed, the success rate is too low.

Later, Old Man Jiusuan came up with another method, which was to use a communication circle, and he would give the order, and then everyone would act together. However, after trying this method, he found that it would not work, because if he really gave the order, Then his movements will always be faster than others, so it still won't work.

Finally, the old man Jiu Suan came up with a way, that is, Wen Wenhai would be the one who gave the order. Wen Wenhai ordered that everyone hear the order at the same time and act at the same time, because they are all from the Jiu Shuang Turtle clan, so Their speeds are also similar. Although there may be a slight deviation, it will not be a big problem. This is the method with the highest success rate. Even after a month of training, they can already achieve a 100% success rate. , which means that the time for action has come.

Wen Wenhai stood on the ground of the main base, Chang Jun and the others stood beside him. Wen Wenhai looked at the five hundred bloody battle forts in front of him and said in a deep voice: "It's almost time, we can take action, Old Chang , give the order." Chang Jun nodded and gave the order directly. With Chang Jun's command, five hundred Blood Killing Battle Forts flew directly out of the Blood Killing Sect's main base.

As the Blood Killing Battle Fort flew out from the main base, the black snakes and giant pythons outside the Blood Killing Sect base began to move immediately. The giant pythons led the black snakes and rushed towards the Blood Killing Battle Fort. After passing by, they were like threads, entangled in the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

But the shields on the Blood Killing Battle Fort are all fire-attributed. Those giant pythons have no problem, but those black snakes are in trouble. As soon as they touch the shield, they will be burned to black. Smoke does not pose much of a threat to the Blood Killing Battle Fort. You must know that the expansion shield on the Blood Killing Battle Fort is also very powerful.

The energy source of the Blood Killing Battle Fort is also the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool. However, the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool in the Blood Killing Battle Fort is very huge, and the power it can provide is also very huge. Moreover, there is not only one Yin-Yang Thunder Pool in the Blood Killing Battle Castle. In addition to the area of ​​​​the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the area they defend is also very small, so the energy shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort is not weak. On the contrary, the shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, It can be said to be very powerful.

Moreover, the energy weapons, melee weapons, and sky-wide fire on the Blood Killing Battle Fort are very powerful. Therefore, it is almost impossible for those black snakes to break through the shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. You must know that the Blood Killing Battle Fort is extremely powerful. The weapon systems and energy shields on the battle fort are powered by different energy sources and have almost no impact on each other. Unless one party specifically needs energy support, otherwise there will be no impact. .

However, the fighting power of those giant pythons is also very strong. After they fell on the shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, they immediately began to vigorously suck the energy from the shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. This made the guards of the Blood Killing Battle Fort The energy loss of the shield has also reached a very alarming level, but fortunately it can still be supported.

Of course, as a result, their losses were also very huge, but those giant pythons didn't seem to worry about anything at all, and those black snakes were still devouring each other, producing more and more giant pythons, which was very important for the bloody battle. The actions of the fort also had a huge impact, but the ten blood-killing battle forts acted together and they cooperated with each other, so there were no problems.

Although the fifty groups of blood-killing battle forts were moving forward with difficulty, they did not stop. Four hours later, they arrived at the designated location. After arriving at the designated location, the nine blood-killing battle forts arrived. He protected one ship in the light, and the blood-killing battle fort in the middle released the defense line of the magic circle, while the other nine ships were used to protect him. Those blood-killing battle forts responsible for protection sent energy weapons and filled the sky with fire. , and even the tentacles were all used, and the Blood Killing Battleship in the middle was concentrating on setting up the base there, that is, releasing the defensive line of the magic circle.

I saw each of the magic formation defense lines falling to the ground. After those magic formation defense lines landed on the ground, they immediately began to move. Finally, ten magic formation defense lines were combined together to form a small base. Then this small base It lit up, and then the shield was put up directly. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately entered the small base and began to attack the black snakes all around.

Originally, the sub-base of the Blood Killing Sect was composed of twenty magic circles, but now there are only ten. There are many reasons why the number of magic circles was halved. One reason is to let the base The defense area becomes smaller, so it will be easier to defend. The second is that the ten magic circles have yin and yang thunder pools, which can provide enough energy for such a base. Even if a peripheral shield is formed, there will be These ten yin and yang thunder pools are enough to provide energy for the shield. The third is to increase the number of bases so that the strength of the outer shield will become stronger. After all, the bases interact with each other. The closer the distance between them is, the stronger the shield between them will be. Therefore, the people of the Blood Killing Sect used a small and numerous formation method this time. The area of ​​each base is not large, but There are a lot of them, so more bases can be deployed to make the outer shield stronger, which is very beneficial to the overall defense of the Blood Killing Sect.