c7051 Adjustment

As soon as this voice appeared, everyone was stunned. Then they turned around and found that Zhao Hai was standing in front of the door of the room at some point. Everyone felt confident in their hearts and everyone stood up. He stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and sat down. Then he glanced at everyone and said with a smile: "I don't have to care about your tactics, and I don't have to take action, but for a small favor like this, I still We can help.”

Everyone laughed. I don’t know why. As soon as Zhao Hai appeared, they felt at ease. It seemed that all the previous problems were no longer problems. Now they can talk and laugh. This is very rare. , this is Zhao Hai's role in the Blood Killing Sect.

After Wen Yuming smiled, he saluted Zhao Hai and said: "I understand what the sect master means. What the sect master means is to let those puppet disciples liquefy their bodies and then attach them to the defense line of the magic circle. After they reach the ground, Let them adjust the inversion themselves, and after the base is formed, they can rise directly from the defense line of the magic circle and control those energy weapons to attack the enemy?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, do you think there is anyone more suitable for this job than the puppet disciples? I don't think so? Anyway, I think there is none." Zhao Hai really thinks so. Yes, they have produced a lot of puppets in the past. Some of the puppets are very high-level and have souls. Such puppets can be regarded as the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, which is a race created by the Blood Killing Sect themselves. , and these people actually did not participate in many wars before, and their strength was not very strong.

But it’s different now. Now that the Blood Killing Sect has Buddha Power Metal, the fighting power of these puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will become very powerful, because theoretically, their bodies can actually grow infinitely, and It can be reduced, and it can also be ever-changing, so there is absolutely no problem, and it can even be said to be the most appropriate, for them to control those defensive lines.

Wen Yuming nodded, and then said: "That's true. Those puppet disciples are indeed the most suitable for this matter. Why didn't we think of it before? Let's study it when we get back and tell the puppet disciples about this matter." , I don’t think they will object.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, then he glanced at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Don't underestimate the fighting power of our Blood Killing Sect. The strength of our Blood Killing Sect is there. No one dares to underestimate it now." Look at our blood-killing sect, and this time you have mobilized the entire sect to attack Snake Realm. There is no need to limit the number of people to a certain number. You can transfer some people from the sect."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Boss, we know that we can transfer some people from the sect. This time we just want to give it a try and see if everyone still has potential. Now it seems that we will kill the sect with blood." The potential is still great, boss, you can rest assured, when necessary, we will definitely transfer people from the sect."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, I'm just here to see you. I said I would leave this matter to you, and I will leave it to you. I will not interfere. I'm leaving." His figure disappeared from the room as silently as when he came.

Wen Wenhai and the others were not surprised at all by Zhao Hai's actions, but they were not worried at all now because they knew that Zhao Hai had been paying attention to them, no matter what happened to them, Zhao Hai will appear in the shortest time.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, then stopped at Wen Yuming, and then he said in a deep voice: "Old Wen, I leave this matter to you, when will you finish it, and when will we start it? One step, but we still have one thing to solve, and that is the problem of the peripheral shield when we expand. Our peripheral shield is too weak and the defense is too poor. In this case, even if we We have put up the outer shield, but I’m afraid it won’t be able to stop the enemy. This is not what we want. Do you have any ideas?”

Upon hearing what Wen Wenhai said, Old Man Jiu Suan immediately spoke: "Elder Wen, I thought of a way. I thought of this problem when our outer shield was broken before, and I was also thinking about it. As a solution, I have already thought of a way, which is to build more sub-bases.”

He paused for a moment, then said: "Whether it is the previous twelve sub-bases or the eighteen sub-bases this time, compared to our current long defense line, they are really too few. Moreover, our Blood Killing Battle Fort can now install fifty defensive lines, but we have always equipped them with ten defensive lines before and used them according to this number, because our first batch The Blood Killing War Fortress can only install so many magical defense lines, so everyone has developed a habit of it, and even if we consider that one Blood Killing Battle Fort can only install ten magic defense lines. The calculation has not been used to the extreme. Only a small part of it is used each time. We can completely use all those defensive lines. Anyway, this time we fight, we will not fly too far, nor will we fly too far. We need to fight alone for a long time, and we have the support of the entire sect, so why don’t we use all the defense lines of the magic circle? And I think we should use it immediately now, and save our current Yes, all of these defensive formations have been used, otherwise we would have to take these defensive formations back and remodel them, so we might as well use them now."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, they all fell silent. After a while, Wen Wenhai finally said: "I think what the old man Jiu Suan said makes sense. We can deploy more bases. The more bases we have, the more bases we can build." Provide some energy to the shield, and the strength of the shield will naturally increase, so that everything can be solved naturally."

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "This is indeed feasible, but now that we have used all the defensive formations, I don't think it is necessary. Our defensive formations are all made of blood gold. It's very easy to take it back, there's no need to use it at all. I don't want to go through a war like this again, it's too dangerous."

Wen Wenhai and the others also nodded, and the old man Jiu Shuang also nodded, and then he said: "That's good, I can just enter the real illusion for a while. Hall Master Wen, our Jiu Shuang Turtle clan, next There will be a period of special training in the real illusion, which will be completed soon, but before the end of our training, you'd better not attack, because even if you capture the territory, we won't. Find a way to connect those sub-bases with the main base."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, they were all stunned. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "What's wrong? Why can't it be done? What happened?" Wen Wenhai was really nervous this time. I don’t know what is going on, why the old man would say this.

The old man Jiu Suan said: "If you want to expand the magic circle and connect the magic circle here at the main base with the magic circle at the sub-base, it also requires a lot of energy support. To be honest, I no longer have the ability. Let the magic circle here at the main base be connected with the magic circle at the sub-base. My strength is inevitable. I am not a young master. The strength of the young master is unmatched. It is very simple to do such a thing, but I But I can't do it, but I finally thought of a way. Our Nine-numbered Turtle clan can contact each other. We can start a magic circle together. I just want to use this method to make our main base and deputy The bases can be connected together, and even if we continue to expand to the entire interface, it is still possible. However, this method requires a period of practice, so I want to count our nine turtles. , all gathered together for a special training."

Wen Wenhai and the others were relieved when they heard what the old man Jiusuan said, but Wen Wenhai still said nervously: "Is this really okay? If not, we can find another way. For example, we are building a A base, a base similar to the main base. Anyway, as long as all the magic circles in the base are activated, they are only maintained and used for fighting. You don't need to control them. We can build more bases and finally bring this to the base. Just connect them together.”

The old man Jiusuan said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, Elder Wen, there will be no problem. Don't underestimate our Jiusugui clan. If our Jiusugui clan does not have such strength, we are not worthy of becoming the young master's servants." , so you don’t have to worry, I promise there will be no problem.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, it's no problem. I can rest assured. Do you have any other ideas? If you have any other ideas, just say it. It just so happens that we Everyone is here, and we can all discuss and solve the problem together."

Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that there were so many problems in the Blood Killing Sect. After this meeting, he suddenly realized that he had thought of things too simply and they still had many problems. It has not been solved, but now they have finally found out all these problems, which is actually a good thing for them.

Everyone shook their heads. When Wen Wenhai saw that everyone had no problem, he turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, the boss also said just now that this time we are fighting for the whole clan, and there is no need to preserve our strength. Order the disciples to build more rooms, and then call in more disciples from the sect. At the same time, we are calling in some blood-killing battle forts. I think we will call in three million people, and we are calling in five hundred blood-killing war forts. , exactly half of the sect’s strength. We are transferring the sect’s strength now. When the actual battle comes, we won’t have to mobilize people immediately. It also takes a certain amount of time to mobilize people immediately. If we don’t do it well, things may be disrupted. , we must not make any mistakes. Once a mistake occurs, it will not be a good thing for us. If it ruins the sect master's important affairs, then we all cannot afford to suffer."

Chang Jun also nodded, feeling that what Wen Wenhai said was very reasonable.