c7056 good chance

Wen Yuming smiled bitterly and nodded and said: "Don't worry, I can still distinguish the priorities clearly. By the way, Elder Jiu Suan, please make a copy of the content in this jade slip first. You will know about the Five Elements Killing Formation." An understanding, no matter what, you still need to arrange the magic circle here, and you need to make any changes." After saying that, Wen Yuming gave the jade slip to the old man Jiu Suan, and the old man Jiusuan responded and took it. He glanced at the contents of the jade slip, and then looked at Wen Yuming with a shocked expression.

Wen Yuming looked at him and couldn't help but smile bitterly. Old Man Jiusuan couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "I really didn't expect that. Alas, it seems that we can really be dragged out and killed." Even so, But he still copied the contents of the jade slip.

After Old Man Jiu Suan sent Wen Yuming away, Wen Wenhai turned to Old Man Jiu Suan and said, "Elder Jiu Suan, is it really easy to set up this kind of five-element killing formation?" Wen Wenhai and the others They still knew too little about the magic circle, and they had never seen the jade slips Zhao Hai brought, so they were very curious.

The old man Jiu Suan smiled bitterly and said: "Easy, very easy. You can arrange it by combining several very simple magic circles. We people are really all human-headed and pig-brained. We haven't discovered this yet." , Forget it, let’s not talk about it, I will start to study this magic circle now. Before this magic circle can be officially used, the base will still rely on you to protect it. If you need me to convert the base’s shield attribute, then it’s still No problem."

Wen Wenhai nodded. The old man Jiu Suan sat there and stopped talking. Wen Wenhai took out the communication array and said directly: "Baiyan, how is the situation there? Are there any new attributes? The snake appears? Can you still hold on now? If it doesn't work, withdraw immediately."

Baiyan's voice came: "We have no problem here. There is only one kind of fire-attribute snake, which has been blocked by us. But those snakes are now heading to the main base again. I believe they will arrive at the main base soon." At the base, you must be prepared."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, I understand." After saying that, he put away the communication array, turned to the elder Jiu Suan and said: "Elder Jiu Suan, it seems that you can't study the array now. Be prepared to change the attributes of the base shield, I think that kind of snake with attributes will attack us soon."

The old man Jiu Suan also knew the priority of the matter. He nodded and said: "I'm going to prepare now." After saying that, he turned around and left. He didn't like to participate in meetings like this. In fact, if he could If so, he really wanted to stay at Shenji Hall to study the magic circle, and he didn't want to come to the battlefield, but there was no other way. The Blood Killing Sect needed him now, so he came anyway.

After the old man Jiu Suan also left, Wen Wenhai turned to everyone and said: "That's it, let's get ready now. Old Chang, we must give up the disciple position and change the properties of the energy weapons. I now I also understand why the boss didn’t use the Five Elements Killing Formation as our mountain-protecting formation before. This kind of formation may have strong defensive capabilities, but it has no offensive capabilities. All our weapons are useless. If you want to deal with the enemy, you can only go out from the base and fight head-on with the enemy. This is not the style of our Blood Killing Sect."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, this alone makes it impossible for us to use the Five Elements Killing Formation as our mountain protection formation. Now there is no other good way but to use it first Use it. As for the magic circle, we should still rely on them. If it depends on us, don’t even think about it.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "We have also deployed a lot of Skyfire launchers these days. Our Skyfire can not only be launched on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but can also be launched on the launcher, allowing the enemy to Come on, we Blood Killing Sect disciples have never been afraid of anyone."

Chang Jun also laughed and said: "Yes, we are a bloody battle fortress. We have never been afraid of anyone. Let them come. I really want to see what they are capable of. Let's go out. , waiting for the enemy to arrive." Wen Wenhai responded, and the two led everyone outside, and then immediately ordered the disciples to start preparing for the battle, and now Old Man Jiu Suan has begun to prepare to change the protective properties of the base, but At this time, those fire-attribute snakes also came. The snakes moved very fast. After they reached the outside of the shield, they immediately opened their mouths and sucked on the shield. Following their movements, they Their bodies are also getting thicker. After their mouths leave the shield, their bodies will return to the normal proportions of snakes, but they will become thicker and longer. It is obvious that the fire energy on the shield is very important to them. I would say it is definitely a great supplement.

Although Wen Wenhai and the others already knew how powerful those snakes were, this was the first time they saw how powerful those snakes were. Their faces were a little ugly. After a while, Wen Wenhai said to the person next to him: "Nine According to the elders, how long will it take to complete?"

The man was Wen Wenhai's assistant. He immediately said: "I just asked. They will be able to complete it soon. In about a quarter of an hour, the properties of the shield can be changed. You don't have to worry." Wen Wenhai These people are actually accompanied by an assistant. Sometimes these people will help them handle some things, and sometimes they are messengers. As for the team members, they are actually similar to invisible people. Generally Wen Wenhai When they talk, they don't make a sound unless you ask them.

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun have very few assistants now, because now everyone in the Blood Killing Sect has an external incarnation, and their external incarnations all have optical brains. These optical brains can do too many things. In fact, Wen Wenhai could directly contact Old Man Jiu Suan just now, but he was worried that it would disturb Old Man Jiu Suan, so he did not contact Old Man Jiu Suan directly. However, as Wen Wenhai's assistant, those people must You need to know the situation at Old Man Jiu Suan's place.

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what his assistant said, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, and then said: "Always pay attention to the situation there, and after Elder Jiu Suan changes the attributes, you have to tell him Let them be prepared to change the attributes of the magic circle at any time, because the enemy may have snakes with multiple attributes, and he will need to take action at that time." The assistant responded and stopped talking. .

Wen Wenhai turned his head and looked at the situation outside, and found that the red snakes had now become very long. This was definitely not a good thing, but now Wen Wenhai couldn't do anything to him, and he couldn't help but sigh. He said in a tone: "These guys are really difficult to deal with."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "We have to find a way to deal with them. We can't just rely on the Five Elements Killing Formation. That is absolutely not possible. Don't forget, the sect leader has said that the Five Elements Killing Formation has no offensive properties. Yes, that means that if we want to kill this snake, we must find a way to restrain it."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Now we can only start from the aspect of restraint of the five elements. There is no other good way. Let's first see how the attack power of energy weapons is. Now our energy weapons have all been adjusted to have ice attributes. Or it has the water attribute, I believe it will have a certain effect on those snakes."

Chang Jun nodded, then glanced at the red snakes that looked like blood leeches, and snorted coldly: "They are already prepared with both hands now, have you noticed? Those black snakes turned into giant pythons, It has not disappeared, it still exists. If we dare to make our shield non-attributed, then those black snakes will pounce on us immediately. From this, we can also infer that the enemy will definitely release snakes with other attributes. "

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, it is precisely because of this that we need the Five Elements Killing Formation, but we must solve this attack problem. How can we solve this attack problem? It’s such an easy thing, it seems we can only find a way through energy weapons.”

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "Not only can we find solutions from energy weapons, but we can also find solutions from other aspects, such as our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In the end, whether it is energy weapons or sky-wide fire, , all of which need to be controlled by our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are the root of everything, so we can think of a way from this aspect, what do you think?"

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, it should be based on the disciples we have killed with blood. Everything else is fake. As long as our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are strong enough, no one in this world will dare to look down on us." , the predecessor of the Blood Killing Sect, why it has become such a disgusting existence that everyone talks about is because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very powerful in combat. Now our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are also very powerful in combat, so we can start from this aspect. Come to solve this matter, and at the same time, we, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, can get enough practical training. Don’t forget, the leader has told us more than once that the enemies we will encounter in the future will only become more and more serious. Strong, our disciples’ strength must be further strengthened.”

Chang Jun nodded and said in a deep voice: "Although the sect master did not take action this time, it is undeniable that because of the sect master's existence, we can be so free. We will naturally continue to do what the sect master wants to do. , our Blood Killing Sect was founded by the sect master. We who are here today are all because of the sect master, so we must follow the sect master closely. What the sect master wants to do is the goal for us to work hard for. You said Yes, I completely agree with the matter of letting the disciples go out to fight, because this is definitely a good thing for us in the Blood Killing Sect, and the Snake World is also different from the Sound Wave Interface. The Sound Wave Interface has various curses. Restrictions, we often cannot use the power of cultivation, which means that many of our methods cannot be used, and we will naturally suffer casualties, but there is no such problem here in the Snake World. Our external incarnations can exert their greatest potential. Power, this is a good opportunity to train disciples."