c7058 big snake

Although they went through countless twists and turns, their attack this time was still completed very smoothly. When the people of the Blood Killing Sect eliminated all the snakes in the shield, everyone couldn't help but cheered, and those around them There are already many snakes attacking their shield. This time all the snakes with five attributes have arrived, but the shield currently used by the Blood Killing Sect is still of the earth attribute, because they found that, Earth attribute shields may have the best defensive effect.

Wen Wenhai looked at the cheering disciples below and let out a sigh of relief. Then he turned to Chang Jun who was standing next to him and said: "Old Chang, it's really dangerous, but you should have discovered that as long as the outer guards are Once the cover is opened, the snake trapped inside will no longer become stronger and its attributes will no longer change. It can only wait to be destroyed."

Chang Jun nodded, but did not answer Wen Wenhai's words. He was just looking at the shield in the distance, and the earth-yellow snakes that were surrounding the shield, and even those snakes that were slapping on the shield. It is absorbing the energy on the shield. Although the shield is rotating very fast now, the entire bodies of those snakes are coiled around some earth thorns on the shield, constantly absorbing the energy in the shield, allowing themselves to get bigger.

Wen Wenhai looked at Chang Jun with some confusion and said, "What's wrong, Old Chang? Why are you so stunned?" Wen Wenhai really didn't know what Chang Jun was thinking. What's so interesting about the snakes on the shield? The snakes on the shield are absorbing the energy on the shield, but at the same time they are being attacked constantly, so the speed at which they can grow in size is also very limited.

In addition, the power of earth attribute is the most difficult to absorb, so they use earth attribute energy. They have tried several other energies, but the effect is not as good as earth attribute energy, so after discussion, The final choice was earth attribute energy.

Chang Jun said: "I'm thinking, there is actually more than one kind of mountain protection formation. Why do we have to use a protection formation? The sect master uses it because the sect master never worries about insufficient energy, but we Why do we still have to use this kind of large formation? We have the wheel of the magic circle here now. We don't have to worry about the shadow clan's power of law directly attacking us. They will only use those snakes to attack us, so we Can we use the Fantasy Killing Formation or the Sword Formation as our mountain-protecting formation? If this is possible, then can we not use the Five Elements Killing Formation? You also know, the Five Elements Killing Formation The formation can only be used for defense, not for offense. This means that we have abolished our offensive ability. This seems not very cost-effective, right?"

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chang Jun said, he couldn't help but be startled, but then his eyes lit up. Then he immediately took out the communication array, and then said loudly: "Lao Wen, come to my place quickly. Nine calculations Elder, please come here, please hurry up." After saying that, he put away the communication array and said to Chang Jun: "I think what you said is very reasonable, but we still have to listen to the opinions of professionals. As long as the elder If Elder Wen and Jiusuan think there is no problem, then we will do it immediately."

Chang Jun nodded, and at this time, the old man Jiu Suan had come to the two of them. He looked at the two people with some confusion and said, "Two elders, what do you want to see me for?" The old man Jiu Suan is now here. Stare at the earth snakes outside, change the shield properties when necessary, and attack those earth snakes. You must not make those earth snakes stronger.

And Wen Yuming suddenly appeared next to the two of them. He looked at the two of them with some confusion, and then said in a deep voice: "What's wrong? But what's the matter? We are now in the final stage of the Five Elements Killing Formation. The perfection should be completed soon, you don’t have to worry.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "We are not worried, Lao Wen. I want to tell you another thing. Just now Lao Chang told me whether our mountain protection formation can use a phantom killing formation instead of this kind of shield." Or a sword formation, do you think it is possible? We now have the Wheel of Law in the formation, so we don’t have to worry about the power of law from the Shadow Clan attacking us. So will the effect of using the Phantom Killing Formation or the Sword Formation be better? Better?"

When Wen Yuming and the old man Jiusuan heard what Wen Wenhai said, they were stunned for a moment. Then Wen Yuming shook his head and said: "It is almost impossible to use this method now. I know why the sect master always uses the shield. Isn't this a defensive method, instead of the sword formation and the phantom killing formation that you call? It is said that the effect of using the sword formation or the phantom killing formation in the Kuhu Mountain Formation should be better, but the sect leader rarely uses it. Don’t you think the sect master doesn’t know? It’s not like that, but because whether it is a sword formation or a phantom killing formation, it is very difficult to make this kind of magic formation infinitely large and become a magic formation that can protect the entire space. , if you just make the magic circle bigger, the power of the magic circle will not be that great. On the contrary, the power of the magic circle will become smaller, and it will not be able to protect the entire interface. On the contrary, The shield defense array can be said to be the simplest of all mountain protection arrays. The protective effect of this array is still very obvious, but in terms of lethality, it is not as good as the phantom killing array or the It is a sword formation, but this kind of magic formation has one of the biggest characteristics, that is, it is simple. It is very simple and can even keep expanding outwards, almost allowing it to grow bigger all the time, although they are very weak at the beginning. , but when they are big enough, the defensive power of this kind of magic formation will be the strongest. The magic killing formation or the sword formation are simply incomparable. Compared with the shield magic formation, the magic killing formation is defeated by a change. There are too many changes in the Phantom Killing Array. If you want the Phantom Killing Array to exert its maximum power, in fact, its scale must have a limit. But if the Sword Array wants to exert its maximum power, it needs one thing. , that is the Magic Sword. This seems to be very simple to say. We, the Blood Killing Sect, have a problem with the Magic Sword, but if we want these Magic Swords to fully cooperate together, that is also a problem, and the Magic Sword Formation It is best to control the scale to a certain extent, otherwise it will be very dangerous. If you cannot control the power of the sword array, the sword array will most likely backfire."

The old man Jiu Suan also nodded and said: "Yes, the magic circle is not that simple, and the strength of the magic circle is not so easy to distinguish. Some magic circle that looks very weak, if you use it well , his power will become extremely huge, and some powerful magic circle, at some point, will become the same waste. As far as our situation is concerned, arranging this kind of protective magic circle is The most suitable.”

When Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun heard what the two said, they naturally stopped talking. They nodded immediately, and then Wen Wenhai said: "Forget it, we thought we could succeed in this way. There is no need to use the Five Elements Killing Formation. After all, the Five Elements Killing Formation completely abolishes our offense, so we want to see if other magic formations are feasible."

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "I can idealize your ideas, but please don't be anxious. We are working hard and believe that the matter will be solved soon. We are also studying how to use the five elements to kill Energy can be used as a weapon, or it can allow us to use energy weapons directly from the inside to attack enemies outside the formation."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but said with interest: "Oh? What's the result?" Wen Wenhai really wanted to know what would happen if he used the power of the Five Elements Killing Formation as a weapon to attack the enemy. What kind of result will happen? I don’t know how the enemy will be beaten.

Wen Yuming shook his head and said: "Now our main energy is on the restoration of the Five Elements Killing Formation, so there is no way to solve this problem yet. After the Five Elements Killing Formation is arranged, we can put all the The focus is on those things.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, then we will wait for you first. We can still handle it here. You two go and do your work. We are watching here." The two of them were not there either. He said nothing, just nodded, turned around and left.

After the two people left, Chang Jun couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "It seems that we have thought of things too simply. The things in the magic circle are indeed beyond our ability to understand. Forget it, let's leave the matter to them. Let's solve it, the two of us will just wait. Anyway, from what Yu said, it won't take them long."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, then we can only wait. Fortunately, we can still persist here for a while. Send the order and let the disciples lay out the magic array in our base. This is The foundation of our development." Chang Jun naturally didn't say anything and went directly to give the order.

Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had just won a big victory, they did not have much time to rest. Everyone immediately devoted themselves to the construction of the magic circle. Because there were so many people coming now, the magic circle The construction of the array was naturally very fast. It only took two days to lift the land, and they covered the entire newly occupied land with the array.

In the past two days, the Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Forts have not been idle. They have been attacking the snakes lying on the shield of the Blood Killing Sect's base. The Blood Killing Sect's shield will also change from time to time. Every time the energy changes, a lot of snakes will be killed, but there are still some snakes that are very lucky to stay, and these snakes that have left behind are already very strong. One of the strongest ones, But it is a fire-attribute snake. He is now about a thousand feet long and more than thirty feet thick. This snake is really too big and terrifying.

There are many other powerful snakes. The big snakes like this are enough to compete with the Blood Killing Citadel of the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this that the Blood Killing Sect also feels a very headache now, and Wen Wenhai also It felt like things were out of his control. He had no choice but to summon everyone from the Blood Killing Sect together at once to prepare for a serious discussion to see how this situation could be resolved.

This time Zhao Hai still did not show up. Wen Wenhai was still the one presiding over the meeting, and Wen Yuming also attended this meeting.