c7050 narrow victory

Zhao Hai had been sitting in the villa in the space, watching the battle in the snake world. When he saw the black snakes devouring each other and finally turning into giant pythons, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Foli The test is coupled with the blessing of the shadow clan's law power. I didn't expect that it would have such a good effect. I really didn't expect it."

Laura also looked at the battle there, nodded and said: "Yeah, I really didn't expect that the fighting power of those giant pythons in the end would be so strong. This is really something we didn't expect. It seems that we will We have encountered a more powerful opponent, this snake world is indeed not that simple."

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said: "Don't forget, this is a snake interface, Tian Long Ba Bu, we have only reached the third one, there are five more, and the third one is already so difficult to deal with. It will only become more difficult to deal with. It seems that it is not an easy task to take down all these interfaces."

Laura also smiled bitterly, and not long after, Julie smiled and said: "I don't think it's a big deal. The stronger the enemies here, the better? So what if we fail here a few times? In this way, we It's just the right time to find out your shortcomings and make yourself stronger. Moreover, it's impossible for the enemies here to catch up with us. They can't break through the space barriers. We train well here and become stronger. When we appear in Wanshan Realm, we won’t have to be afraid of them anymore.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Julie said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Yes, you are right. This is indeed our best training ground. I asked Shi Jin two days ago, and Shi Jin also said , if it is the powerful people in the Wanshan Realm, if they cannot use the Dharma, then their final combat effectiveness will not be much stronger than me now, although we must have a period of adaptation after arriving in the Wanshan Realm. In the process, we need to learn how to use the Dharma, but I believe that when we get to Wanshan Realm, we will never be too weak. This is not necessarily a bad thing for us."

Laura nodded and said: "No matter what, we have to take down these interfaces. If we can really synthesize the pure land of Wanzai, that would be great. It would be extremely helpful to us, and As long as we gather all the statues of the Tianlongbabu, it may be of great benefit to us, so no matter what the considerations are, we must take down these interfaces and integrate them into the Xuanwu space."

Zhao Hai nodded, then frowned slightly and said, "Actually, what I'm most worried about right now is the magic weapon with inner space in Wanshan Realm. Didn't Shi Jin and the others talk about it? , all the sects in Wanshan Realm have such masters with inner spaces, and their inner spaces are not empty, but like our Xuanwu Space, they are all filled with people and life. If If this kind of inner space is not helpful to them, they will not let people or other beings enter their inner space. If they do this, it means that this kind of inner space is very good for them. Yes, but in this case, the problem arises. If we enter the Wanshan Realm, Wen Wenhai and others have enough training strength and need to refine this kind of inner space magic weapon. We can also help them. Refining, but where are we going to get those people who are placed in the inner space? We can’t let our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect enter their inner space, right?”

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned, and then all of their faces showed a solemn look. If that day really comes, the problem Zhao Hai mentioned will really be a problem. But how to solve this problem? The most important thing is, how to solve the population problem?

Laura thought for a while and said: "The main thing we don't know now is why those people are recruiting people into their inner space. Is it to provide them with the power of faith? If it is really to provide them with faith If we have the power of faith, then this matter will be easy to solve. We can draw people from the believer slave space and enter their space. If it were not for the power of faith, there would be some trouble."

Zhao Hai also frowned and said: "Yes, then there are really some troubles. Forget it, don't think about these things. We can slowly understand these things after we get to Wanshan Realm and see why. Those people must create an inner space. What is their purpose of recruiting people into the inner space? Once they know it, it will not be too late to make a decision."

Laura and the others could only nod. This problem could indeed be left for future headaches. Of course, they should also think about the solution all the time. If they could really find a solution, then of course. It's best, otherwise, this matter is likely to become a hidden danger for the Blood Killing Sect. Although they believe that Wen Wenhai and the others will not betray Zhao Hai because of this, if Wen Wenhai and the others are allowed to do so because of this matter, Having a grudge is not a good thing.

However, this matter is not very urgent and can be done slowly, so Zhao Hai is not in a hurry and is busy with his eyes now. This is not because Zhao Hai is not visionary enough. In fact, he has almost thought of a way now. From now on, they will go to Wanshan Realm. If there is no one there, they can just go to Wanshan Realm to rob them. That's okay.

Now the war in the snake world is still going on. Although those giant pythons are very powerful, the people of the Blood Killing Sect are also very powerful, so in the end those giant pythons were eliminated, but the black snakes showed this time The ability is indeed a bit surprising. The people of the Blood Killing Sect really didn't expect that those black snakes have such ability. They can actually devour their own companions and then make themselves stronger. This is really amazing. .

It was also very dangerous for the Blood Killing Sect to win this time. Those giant snakes broke through the outer shield in several places. The Blood Killing Sect finally had to let the Blood Killing Battle Fort attack, and at the same time, they added the attack of the sky full of fire. , and then they knocked back those black snakes, and at the same time blocked the gaps. They also killed the people in the sect leader's base, and also attacked with all their strength, wiping out the giant pythons between the two layers of shields. fell, and then concentrated all the strength to block the giant pythons attacking outside, and then they were considered to be guarded.

It wasn't until the Blood Killing Sect covered all the newly expanded territory with magic formations that they truly defended their base. Only then did the giant pythons truly have no way of breaking into the base. Wen Wenhai and the others This time the attack was successfully completed.

Although the attack was completed this time, Wen Wenhai and the others were all scared into cold sweats, because at the last moment, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already gone into battle. They formed a magic formation and went out to fight. In the battle formation, fire dragons were released one after another, fighting with the giant pythons, and then they captured the giant pythons. It was a very close chance of victory. Wen Wenhai and the others were all wiping cold sweat afterward.

However, one thing that Wen Wenhai and the others are very proud of is that in this battle, they did not transfer disciples from the Blood Killing Sect, nor did they transfer the Blood Killing Sect to the Fort. Obviously, their response this time was very Okay, they went there completely relying on their own strength and defeated the enemy. This also shows that the Blood Killing Sect actually still has a lot of potential to be tapped.

After the war, Wen Wenhai and the others gathered in a room in the main base for a meeting. The meeting was still chaired by Wen Wenhai. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, smiled bitterly and said, "This time It was really a risk. Although we finally completed our plan, the enemy's change of tactics this time almost caused us to fail. Not only did we fail, but our main base was even damaged. It would be too dangerous to be breached at all.”

Everyone nodded. They also knew how dangerous this time was. Chang Jun even said: "We can't go on like this. It's too dangerous. We must think of a way to make our peripheral The shield has stronger defense, otherwise, we should not think about expansion in the future, the enemy will not give us such a chance."

Wen Wenhai looked at the crowd and said: "Actually, I thought of a way before, but this method is to make Lao Wen work harder. You are currently studying the defense line of the magic circle, the wheel of the magic circle and the yin and yang thunder pool. Now How's it going? How long will it take to have the finished product?"

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but said in a deep voice: "It's almost done. It will be done in a few days. In fact, this research is not difficult. It should be completed soon. Don't worry. Yes." Wen Yuming is fully aware of what is going on in Shenji Hall. Their research has made great progress now and they should be able to complete the task soon, so he dared to say this.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I know, but what I want to say is that I want to cause you some trouble. You have seen everything before. After we put the defense line of the magic circle on the ground, we must still The disciples came forward and put some magic circles in some of the places where there were no magic circles among them. Can we come up with a way to solve this problem?"

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but frowned slightly and said: "This is a bit difficult. It can be done using the principle of energy attraction, but if you do that, the magic circle will not be connected. The location is not the most suitable, and there may still be some problems in the middle, so this matter is not easy to handle."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Yu Ming said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then he couldn't help but frown. He knew very well that if Wen Yu Ming said this matter was difficult to handle, then this matter must be very difficult. If it is done, then the chance of success of this matter is not very high.

At this time, a voice said: "This matter is actually easy to solve. You can just leave it to those puppet disciples. Let those puppet disciples attach themselves to the defense line of the magic circle and let them adjust their positions. This way There will be no problem.”