c7059 Ask for a fight

After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, smiled bitterly and said: "I think everyone knows the situation. When I invited everyone to come to the meeting, I already told everyone why I came to the meeting today. Yes, that's right. We are here for the meeting today just for the snakes outside. Among the snakes outside, the largest one is already a thousand feet long. A thousand feet long. Everyone, what is that concept? I think everyone knows it. , several such snakes can surround our Blood Killing War Fortress, and it is already very difficult for us to deal with such snakes with the Blood Killing War Fortress. This matter is our fault. , we have never noticed that such a big guy appeared accidentally, and there were even more than one. This is our responsibility, but now that the matter has come out, we must solve it, so I invite everyone to come, let's work together Think of a way, if we don’t find a way to deal with those snakes as soon as possible, we will be in trouble.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Those giant snakes are not only very powerful, but also very cunning. They seem to have their own intelligence now, and they have begun to develop their subordinates. In other words, they have let some of them compete with them. Snakes with the same attributes come to our shield to absorb energy. When those snakes finish absorbing the energy and retreat, they are absorbing energy from those snakes, so that they will not be attacked by our sudden change of energy shield. , so we can’t eliminate them using this method.”

When everyone heard what the two said, they couldn't help but look at each other. They really didn't expect that these snakes have become so smart now, and they would even take in their own little brothers. This is really amazing, but at the same time, they They also know that this will be very troublesome, and it will be even more difficult for them to deal with those snakes.

Wen Yuming coughed slightly and spoke first: "I don't know how to deal with that big snake yet, but there is good news, that is, our Five Elements Killing Formation has been restored, and we have also conducted experiments. To be honest, this is the most powerful enchantment formation I have ever seen. The reason why I don’t say it is a defensive formation is because this formation can be said to be a kind of enchantment. It is not only Blocking the enemy's attack on you also blocks your way out. It is not easy for people in the magic circle to get out. If you want to get out, you can only remove the magic circle. That’s fine, but you don’t need to worry too much, we are working on ways to solve this matter.”

After saying that, he stopped shooting, but when the others heard what he said, they were all shocked. Then Wen Wenhai said: "Lao Wen, when can this five-element killing formation be deployed? Watch. Those snakes kept absorbing the energy in our formation, and I was really heartbroken."

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "It can be done now, and we have developed a new energy weapon. This time, all the energy beasts emitted by our energy weapons are energy beasts, and these energy beasts can even be adjusted. If you want an attack with strong impact, you can make those energy beasts into cow shape, and they will only charge forward. If you want strong combat power, you can use dragon shape or phoenix shape, etc. It has energy and is very easy to adjust.”

This was another good news, which made everyone very happy. Wen Wenhai even laughed and said: "Okay, great. With this method, we will be more confident in defeating the enemy, but the old man Wen, you said before that we should use the energy of the Five Elements Killing Formation as the energy of our energy weapons, you still have to work hard on this."

Wen Yuming nodded without saying anything. Wen Wenhai still looked at everyone and said, "Let's talk about how we should deal with those giant snakes. Although Lao Wen said that he had destroyed the Five Elements Killing Formation, Come out, it will be very difficult for the enemy to absorb energy from us in the future, but they are already very strong now. With those powerful giant snakes around, it will be easy for us to expand in the future. , if those giant snakes deal with our bloody battle fortress, they will really give us a headache."

Everyone frowned. The weapons they used to deal with those giant snakes now were only blood-killing battle forts, sky-wide fire, or energy weapons. But these kinds of things were a threat to those giant snakes. They are not very big. Although the speed of Blood Kill Battle Castle is very fast, and the attack has almost no dead ends, his flexibility is not as good as those of those big snakes. It is difficult for the sky full of fire to hit that big snake, that big snake's The speed is very fast. They already know the power of Mantianhuo, so they will naturally avoid Mantianhuo. Even if they are hit, the defense power of those big snakes is also very amazing. There is almost no way to eliminate them at once. They cannot Once eliminated, they will run away, and it will be even more difficult to deal with the big snake with sky full of fire.

It is even more impossible to use energy weapons to deal with the big snakes. Although the attack power of energy weapons is not weak, it is impossible to kill those big snakes. The energy weapons that have been killed by blood now, There is no longer any threat to those big snakes, and their defense is not impenetrable.

At this moment, Ding Chunming, who had been silent until now, suddenly said: "Let us solve it. This kind of thing must be solved by us. Otherwise, what else will we do?" His voice was very calm, But there is also a hint of determination.

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he turned to look at Ding Chunming. He knew Ding Chunming's strength. It can be said that in the entire Blood Killing Sect, except for Zhao Hai and Laura, he was the most powerful opponent. The person whom Ding Chunming knows best, he knows very well how strong Ding Chunming is.

It is precisely because of this that when Wen Wenhai heard Ding Chunming say this, he was not surprised at all. He just glanced at Ding Chunming and nodded. Then he turned to look at the others and said: "Everyone Do you have any objections? If everyone has no objections, then it’s settled." Wen Wenhai really had no other choice now. He also felt that it was most appropriate to let Ding Chunming handle this matter, so he agreed directly. .

Everyone shook their heads. They had no objections and felt that this was very appropriate. Seeing that no one had any objections, Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, then it's settled. Tomorrow, all the blood will be killed." All the battle forts left the base. Elder Ding and the others were all in the battle fort. The ordinary snakes were dealt with by the Blood Killing Battle Fortress. Those powerful snakes were left to Elder Ding and his disciples. At the same time, the disciples were also asked to deal with them. We are ready to let those disciples follow them out to help Ding Chunming and the others deal with other snakes. Those big snakes have learned to stop, so they can naturally help those big snakes. This will affect Elder Ding and the others, and for this This kind of detailed work should naturally be done by our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, which is much better than the Blood Killing Battle Castle. Do you have any objections?"

Everyone shook their heads, and then Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, it's settled, Elder Ding, you choose the person, and whoever you choose will go with you. It's okay even if you ask us to follow, but tomorrow Everyone must be prepared before departure, is there no problem?"

Ding Chunming said solemnly: "No problem." After saying that, he sat down and said nothing. Ding Chunming himself is not a talkative person, and he also knows what these people do. Zhao Hai first trained them, He wanted to train them as the high-end combat power of the Blood Killing Sect. Now that their strength was not bad, he felt it was time to show off and let everyone in the Blood Killing Sect know their strength, so he took the initiative. stand out.

When Wen Wenhai saw that Ding Chunming had agreed, he immediately turned to the others and said, "Okay, that's it, let's take action." Everyone agreed, then turned around and left, and Ding Chunming also left with them. Now, he wants to go back and make a list. In fact, he already knows who he wants to take, but he just makes a list.

After a night of silence, the people selected by Ding Chunming gathered together the next day, and were then assigned to various Blood Killing Battle Forts. At the same time, many Blood Killing Sect disciples also entered the Blood Killing Battle Forts. Among them, the Blood Killing Battle Fort is all ready, and the Blood Killing Sect's base is also ready for battle. At the same time, Wen Yuming and they have also begun to improve the magic circle in the Blood Killing Sect's base. Now, we are going to change the magic formation here in the base into a five-element killing formation.

As soon as he saw that everyone had entered the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, Wen Wenhai immediately shouted in the communication array: "Are you all ready?" His communication array was now connected to all the Blood Killing Battle Fortress. It is also connected to Ding Chunming and the others, so Ding Chunming and the others can hear his words.

As soon as they heard his question, Ding Chunming and the others immediately said: "Get ready." In fact, they didn't need to be too prepared. As long as those powerful snakes didn't come out, they wouldn't have to take action. And in a battle like this, They had already experienced it more than once, so they didn't feel any nervousness.

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard everyone's reply that they were ready, he immediately said: "Okay, let's go." Everyone responded in unison, and with Wen Wenhai's order, the bloody battle fortress all came together The snakes who were still lying on the blood-killing shield to absorb energy also saw the blood-killing battle forts, and they immediately left the blood-killing sect's energy shield, where they raised their eyebrows He held his head and kept spitting out letters, as if he was about to pounce and attack at any time.

In fact, this is also the case. Just after the Blood Killing Battle Fort left the base of the Blood Killing Sect, those snakes immediately pounced on it. Now the shield used by the Blood Killing Battle Fort is still earth type, and those earth type snakes pounced on it. Come up, suck energy into the shield, and turn a blind eye to the attacks of energy weapons on the battle fort.

And all the other snakes pounced on it and began to attack the shield of the battle fort non-stop. In addition to absorbing energy on the battle fort, they actually wanted to breach the battle fort, but obviously, this was Impossible, the Blood Killing Battle Fort is not that easy to break, and the energy weapons on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, filled with skyfire, coupled with those long iron chain tentacles, are beginning to show their power at this time.