c7057 Finish

At the top of a huge semicircular fireball, a little blue light suddenly appeared, and then the blue light became brighter and brighter. Finally, the semicircular fireball turned into a blue semicircular fireball. The round ice ball, there were countless ice spikes on the ice ball, and then the entire semicircle of blue ice began to rotate slowly, and finally the rotation speed became faster and faster, and finally the entire semicircle The ice spikes on the shaped ice ball have completely turned into ice saws. The lethality of such ice saws is very terrifying.

Those red snakes did not notice these changes at first. By the time they discovered these changes, it was already too late. The shield turned into an ice shield in an instant, and even the fire snakes were covered by the shield. The ice was so cold that it stuck to the ice cover. Then as the ice cover rotated, the red snakes were immediately drawn into the ice cover, and then were crushed to pieces.

Wen Wenhai, who had been paying attention here, couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief when he saw this situation, and then said: "Fortunately, this kind of red snake does not seem to be very powerful in combat. For us, it is The good news is that as long as they cannot break through the shield for the time being, we can block their attack. Even if they come with snakes of other attributes, we can still block them for a while."

But Chang Jun was thinking of another thing. He said in a deep voice: "Even if we have all the energy shields with five elements attributes now, we must use these energy shields to deal with these snakes. Old Wen, don't you think Haven't you noticed? Those black snakes or giant pythons, after they absorb the energy in our attributeless shield, their body shapes will not change in any way. In other words, they use a special method to , absorbed their energy and transferred it to the depths of their interface, or gave those powers to the shadow clan's power of law, making the shadow clan's power of law more powerful, but now it is different, now The energy shield we use is completely different. After absorbing the energy in our energy shield, those red snakes will become larger, which shows that they directly use the energy on themselves. , so we would rather let the energy be absorbed by these snakes with attributes, and we must not let the energy be absorbed by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, which will bring us huge hidden dangers in the future."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then his face couldn't help changing, and he said solemnly: "You mean, if we let these snakes with attributes absorb the energy, we can now absorb the energy from those snakes with attributes." The snakes with attributes have been dealt with, but if those giant pythons are allowed to absorb the energy, then those powers will strengthen the power of the Shadow Clan's law, and it will be more difficult for us to deal with it in the future? Right?"

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, that's what it means. If we really let those powers enter the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then we will only be in more trouble in the future, so compared to letting those giant pythons kill us The power in the shield is absorbed. I would rather give the power to these snakes with attributes. If they absorb it, although they will become stronger, we can deal with it right now. If we let those giant pythons absorb the power Let’s go, we will be in more trouble later.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, you are right. I also think it is possible. Okay, let's do it this way. Just use the attribute energy shield to reach our Five Elements Killing Formation." I'll talk about it after I get it out. Speaking of which, Lao Wen and the others have been very busy recently." Because many of those red snakes had been eliminated now, Wen Wenhai was in the mood to joke.

Chang Jun said: "They have a lot of things to come up with. The energy weapons need to be improved, and the Five Elements Killing Formation also needs to be arranged. It is not an easy task to get all these things done. Now the Shenji Hall has Although there are a lot of people, it’s really troublesome because they have a lot of work all the time.”

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Of course it's troublesome. Lao Wen always said that there is a shortage of manpower. I heard that they have started to make some machines. These machines are specially used to process some ordinary things. These things are fixed. This way they can free up a lot of people.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "I think it won't take long for Shenji Hall to have more manpower. Their place is really important to our sect. The sect leader has always attached great importance to it, so They are short of manpower and the impact on us is huge.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, that place is really important to Zong Shuo. All the things we use now were made by them. Without them, we would have killed the sect with blood. The combat effectiveness will at least be reduced by half, so we should support them more."

Chang Jun nodded. Just as they were talking, the red snakes outside had begun to attack the base of the Blood Killing Sect. However, these snakes had nothing to do with the Blood Killing Sect's shield. After all, now The attributes are incompatible, and it is impossible for them to absorb any energy from the shield.

At this time, a white-eyed voice came from Wen Wenhai's communication circle: "Elder Wen, the ice attribute snake has appeared. We must change the attributes of the shield. You must also be prepared." After speaking, there was no sound, but this news attracted Chang Jun's attention.

Chang Jun immediately said to Wen Wenhai in a deep voice: "Sure enough, I'm here. I'll inform Elder Jiu Suan and ask him to be careful and be ready to switch attributes at any time." Wen Wenhai nodded and took out the communication method. Zhen, talking to Bai Yan, he must have a better understanding of the situation there.

Chang Jun responded, turned around and left, but Wen Wenhai said: "Baiyan, how long will it take for them to build all the small bases?" Wen Wenhai must know this news so that he can make some Adjust accordingly. After all, they are going to expand this time. When those small bases are built, they can set up a layer of protective cover around the perimeter.

Bai Yan's voice came: "It's almost over, it will be completed in half an hour." Bai Yan's voice came, and there was no hint of urgency in his voice. After discovering that he only needed to change the shield, After using his attributes to deal with those snakes, he was no longer so panicked.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, then I will give you half an hour. Now I will send my disciples out to attack those red snakes and giant pythons. You can also send out your disciples. To attack those snakes, as long as we put up the outer shield, we can slowly take care of the snakes inside."

Baiyan responded, and then Wen Wenhai directly ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to attack. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately set up their magic formations and rushed out of the Blood Killing Sect's base, attacking all the snakes outside. To attack, of course, energy beasts would still fly out from their magic circle from time to time to fight with those snakes.

But now they only have ice-type ice dragons, fighting with those red snakes. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed out, some blue snakes began to protect the Blood Killing Sect. The hood attacked, and some blue snakes began to attack the ice dragons.

But after all, those ice dragons are not just energy, they are also capable of fighting. It is definitely not easy for those blue snakes to absorb energy from those ice dragons, so the battle between the two sides is still very fierce, but those snakes When they began to besiege the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect discovered a very important shortcoming of the magic formation and battle formation, that is, they had too few changes.

Although there are many three-dimensional magic formations in the Blood Killing Sect's magic formations, and the Blood Killing Sect's magic formations and battle formations are all formed by changing these three-dimensional magic formations, the eyes of these magic formations cannot Once the eyes of these magic arrays change, it will affect the power of the magic circle. If too many eyes of the magic circle change, the magic circle may lose its effectiveness, so how does this magic circle work? Changes can only be made by maintaining a rough shape. In this way, the array will naturally change less. Within a limited space, no matter how much it changes, it will not change too much.

So the elder who commanded those disciples gave an order, and the Blood Killing Sect's battle formation immediately turned into a Rubik's Cube battle formation. As soon as the Rubik's Cube battle formation was formed, the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect's disciples was immediately stimulated, and their The formation kept changing, and they kept attacking all the snakes within their attack range.

Time has passed unknowingly. Now the shield of the Blood Killer Sect has turned yellow. This is an earth attribute shield, and the earth attribute snake has not yet appeared. Their magic circle can still be used for a long time. For a while, because the earth attribute shield had a certain restraint effect on fire snakes and ice snakes, it is still very good to use now.

At this moment, Wen Wenhai suddenly heard Bai Yan's voice and said: "Okay, all the small bases are set up and the shields can be opened." Bai Yan's voice sounded a little excited, and he was indeed a little excited. , there is no way, now they are alone, although there are other groups around them, but they have no contact with each other, they are all completing their own tasks.

This situation also caused all their groups to fight alone. In this case, it was very dangerous. Now, now that they have built all the bases, they can proceed One step away, as long as the outer shield is up, they will be safe.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Bai Yan said, he also let out a sigh of relief. He then immediately said to the communication array: "Elder Jiu Suan, activate the array immediately. Let me know when you have contacted me." After that, he also grew a smile. Taking a breath, he was also very worried about Baiyan and the others. He was also waiting for the moment when the shield could be activated. As long as the shield was activated, they could deal with the enemies inside the shield and only deal with the outside. enemies, this will also make it much easier for them. After all, fighting on multiple fronts is not an easy task for anyone.