c7068 crack

Wen Wenhai and the others didn't actually know much about the base's magic circle before. They only knew that there was a self-protection magic circle in the base's magic circle, but they never thought they could use it, so they kept I didn't pay attention to it, but the last attack by those invisible snakes did give them a wake-up call, and at the same time frightened them.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai and the others attach great importance to the choice of the self-fort formation. Although they have handed over this matter to the old man Jiu Suan, they still want to hear it. What is the old man's idea of ​​activating the self-protection circle? I just want to know what the self-protection circle created by the old man Jiuzuan will be like.

Old Man Jiusuan also knew what Wen Wenhai and the others meant, so when the disciples who had been killed were repairing the magic circle, he came to Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun, smiled at them and said: "Don't worry, you two. Once I planned to use the phantom killing array in the base as a self-defense formation, what do you think?"

When Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun heard what the old man said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but be stunned. Then Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Didn't you say that there is a limit to the size of the phantom killing array? Our base is already so big now, what's the point? Can we use the phantom killing array? If we can use the phantom killing array in this situation, can we use the phantom killing array as our mountain protection array?"

When the old man Jiu Suan heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "You two thought wrong. Although I said that the phantom killing array can be used, I did not say that only one phantom killing array can be used, and our phantom killing array The formation is also based on the blood mist formation. In the blood mist formation, a variety of phantom killing formations are added and used in combination. What do you think?"

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then said in a deep voice: "What you said is very good, but is this really possible? Will it have any impact on the Five Elements Ultimate Array? If so, what impact will it have on the Five Elements Ultimate Array? If it affects us, forget it, after all, the Five Elements Killing Formation is the most important to us."

The old man Jiu Suan shook his head and said: "It has no impact, but it will have some impact on the energy weapons in the base. You also know that many of the energy weapons in the base are directly used by magic circles laid on the ground. This time, if we want to deploy the bleeding mist formation or the phantom killing formation, we need to use some magic formations. These magic formations cannot be used as energy weapons. This is the biggest impact. As for the five-element killing formation, That has no impact."

When Wen Wenhai heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, he couldn't help but said: "Don't be afraid of the impact on energy weapons. We don't need them now anyway. As long as they have no impact on the Five Elements Killing Formation, you decide in this regard. Well, we won't interfere too much." Wen Wenhai also knows that in terms of the magic circle, compared with the old man Jiu Suan, there is only a gap between an illiterate and a great writer, so he doesn't have too many opinions. , as long as it does not affect the Five Elements Killing Formation.

The old man Jiu Suan nodded without saying anything. Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun took one look at the situation there and left directly. To be honest, it was really frustrating to see some people repairing and replacing the magic circle there. There was nothing to see, so the two went directly to Baiyan's place to see what the situation was like there.

Everything went smoothly for Baiyan and the others. Baiyan directly selected some disciples with good strength and some disciples who also studied the magic circle, and asked them to incarnate themselves into the wheel of law. These people's The number cannot be too small, because for their first battle, the number of people will not be small. There are hundreds of millions of people. If there are only a few wheels of law, it will definitely not be enough. Unless it is like a bloody battle fortress, it will be directly Arrange the Wheel of Law outside to block the power of the Shadow Clan's Law. Otherwise, without the Wheel of Law, it will be impossible to cover all the disciples.

And if you want to maintain the operation of a wheel of law, the energy consumption is very large. Although it is said that every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has a yin and yang thunder pool in his external incarnation, but the yin and yang they use The thunder pool is a small yin-yang thunder pool, which is incomparable to the yin-yang thunder pool in the Blood Killing Battle Castle.

It is precisely because of this that this kind of wheel of law composed of a disciple's external incarnation also requires certain training if it is to be used in actual combat. It is not only for these disciples to be able to use it in the shortest time, Your own external incarnation forms a wheel of law, and it is very important to give this wheel of law enough energy.

And this is what Baiyan is training now. He is planning to have ten people form a Wheel of Law team. Five of them will provide energy to the Wheel of Law, and the other five will protect them. At the same time, when necessary Sometimes, they can also replace the people in their base. After all, when the Wheel of Law comes to the battlefield, the energy consumption may become larger. This does not mean that the power of the Wheel of Law must be increased when it comes to the battlefield, but because , when the wheel of law comes to the battlefield, it may be suppressed by the opponent's power of law. In order to resist the opponent's power of law, the output of energy must be increased.

Their training is going very smoothly now. With Baiyan, a very thoughtful person, directing their training, there will definitely not be any problems. Their training is going very smoothly. It seems that next time they attack, they will This method is completely ready to use.

Three days later, the improvement of the magic circle in the Blood Killing Sect's base was completed. Large areas of red mist appeared in the Blood Killing Sect's base. This red mist blocked the entire Blood Killing Sect's base. At the same time, the Blood Killing Sect's base was completely blocked. There are also many phantom killing formations in Zong's base. These phantom killing formations are hosted by different people, but there is only one commander in chief, and that is Old Man Jiu Suan. Old Man Jiu Suan is under unified command. As long as there is When someone enters the Blood Killing Sect's base, they will definitely give those people a good look at the Blood Killing Sect's phantom killing formation. That is not the end of the story.

After the improvement of the magic circle in the Blood Killing Sect base was completed, the Blood Killing Sect began to prepare for the next attack. As for letting those disciples use the Wheel of Law, there is no problem at all. They have been trained for a long time. , now they can use the Wheel of Law in the army.

Then the army attacked the snakes of the Shadow Clan one after another. Just when they opened the Five Elements Killing Formation, the invisible snakes poured into the Blood Killing Sect's base, and the Blood Killing Sect's army But they drove all the way forward. Although they still encountered the attack of the snakes there, as before, they still drove the snakes out of the Blood Killing Sect's base and then attacked outwards.

The moment the Five Elements Killing Formation came together, the Blood Killing Sect disciples who stayed in the base immediately took action, because at this time, the Blood Killing Sect's base had already moved, and they had begun to prepare to deal with those snakes. , just when I saw the Blood Killing Sect's base, a large amount of red mist appeared. This red mist surrounded the entire Blood Killing Sect's base, and all the snakes that entered the Blood Killing Sect's base were all There is no way to escape.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not attack those snakes, many of those snakes had already died in the phantom killing formation. The phantom killing formation of the Blood Killing Sect was very overbearing. Even if the strength of those snakes was good, they would not They may be able to break the Blood Killing Sect's phantom killing formation. They are not masters at breaking the formation. Of course, this has a lot to do with the fact that someone is presiding over the Blood Killing Sect's phantom killing formation. Many people from the Jiu Shubao clan have been killed by Jiu Shubao. It seems that the old man was sent to those phantom killing arrays to preside over the phantom killing arrays.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect appeared. They cleaned up all the snakes that entered the Blood Killing Sect. Those invisible snakes could no longer become invisible. They were now in the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle. How could they still be there? Invisibility, without the ability of invisibility, their strength has actually dropped a lot. Although their curse is also very powerful, if this curse cannot be used on people, it is of no use. This is what it is now In this case, their curse cannot be used on the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so naturally it will not be effective.

The battle in the Blood Killing Sect base ended very quickly. One side made complete preparations, but the other side rushed directly into the trap. In this case, it was really difficult to decide the winner. It was a very easy thing, and there was no suspense at all about killing Zong Sheng.

The battle outside the Blood Killing Sect is going smoothly now. Although they are still using the Rubik's Cube Formation this time, because there are many wheels of law in the formation, they are not afraid of the opponent's law suppression, so They really didn't suffer any loss when fighting those snakes. Their magic circle could still be used smoothly, and their teleportation circle could also be used, so it was impossible for the other party to trap them to death. .

This time the battle seemed to have returned to the situation of the previous battles. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attacked, and the snakes resisted desperately. The two sides fought hard, and finally the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect safely returned to the base of the Blood Killing Sect. Then both sides began to rest and prepare for the next battle.

Those snakes may have also discovered that the invisible snakes seemed not to be of much use, but they did not let the invisible snakes retreat completely. Those invisible snakes began to cooperate with other snakes to kill the blood. Zong attacked. In the field, the power that those invisible snakes can exert is still very great.

After this battle, Wen Wenhai and the others finally breathed a sigh of relief. The victory of this battle meant that their previous plan was very successful. The phantom killing array in their base was very successful in trapping those snakes. , and even caused a large number of casualties to those snakes, and their disciples fighting outside were no longer suppressed by the power of the other party's laws. This allowed those disciples to fully unleash their combat effectiveness, so the Blood Killing Sect This battle can be said to be quite successful. They have completely defeated the opponent. Although their blood-killing battle fort has not been improved yet and they have not started to expand, this is already a good sign now, because this This means that even if they don't need to kill the battle fortress with blood, they can still fight those snakes and defeat them.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.