c7060 against the enemy

Ding Chunming stood in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, looking at the projection on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Every time he waved the huge iron chain tentacles of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, countless snakes would be smoked into black smoke. Even if The same goes for those snakes with attributes. After they die, they will turn into black smoke, and the energy they sucked into their bodies seems to disappear all at once.

Although Ding Chunming was a little confused about this situation, he didn't take it seriously. He was not a person who liked to take care of things. Wen Wenhai and the others should worry about these things, so naturally he wouldn't care too much. He just Looking at the battle fort outside, those snakes seemed to be unafraid of death and kept attacking the bloody battle fort. Ding Chunming knew very well that these snakes were not his target and he was still waiting.

Just over an hour after the Blood Killing Battle Castle flew out, a huge snake head suddenly appeared on the projection. This snake head was much larger than an ordinary snake. The snake's mouth was wide open, and he could clearly see looked at the fangs in the snake's mouth. What made Ding Chunming a little stunned was that the teeth in this snake's mouth were different from those in other snakes' mouths.

Ordinary mouths don't have many teeth in their mouths, only four venomous fangs at most, but this big snake has so many teeth in its mouth that it looks as scary as the teeth in a shark's mouth. This really makes him He was very surprised, but just when he was stunned, he saw that the big snake had bitten the shield of the Blood Killing Castle.

As the big snake's mouth bit the shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, Wen Wenhai heard a piercing scream. He was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood that this was the shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort being damaged. The heavy blow and the sound of the alarm were a reminder to the people in the Blood Killing Castle to use more energy on the defense of the shield.

Ding Chunming snorted coldly, and then moved. The next moment he appeared outside the Blood Killing Castle. He looked at the big snake coldly. The big snake was now preparing for the second strike, and he saw him opening his mouth. He opened his mouth and was preparing to attack the shield of the Blood Killing Castle for the second time.

Ding Chunming shouted deeply, and the next moment he was wearing a set of heavy armor, and at the same time there were two more heavy hammers in his hands. Then Ding Chunming exerted his arm, and the hammer in his right hand flew out, and just Behind his hammer is a long iron chain. The hammer is like a big meteor hammer.

The hammer went straight to the big snake's head. After the hammer passed by, a sound like tearing rags was heard in the air. It can be seen how fast the hammer was, and the giant snake also noticed that The hammer flew towards him. He seemed to feel that the hammer was not easy to deal with, so he swayed and let go of the hammer.

But just as he passed the first hammer, the second hammer had already arrived and hit the giant snake on the head. Just when the hammer hit him, the giant snake's body suddenly It turned into a red mist in an instant, and the hammer passed directly through the red mist, as if it did no harm to the snake.

But Ding Chunming knew very well that although the giant snake could be atomized, it was impossible to completely neutralize his attack. The reason why he seemed to have neutralized his attack was actually just an atomization. This illusion is just a way for the giant snake to reduce damage. You don't need to pay attention at all, just continue to attack.

Ding Chunming shook his hand, and the iron chain connected to the handle of the hammer also started to shake. The iron chain was like the sickle of death, sweeping back and forth in the red mist. The giant snake simply Unexpectedly, Ding Chunming would do something like this. It is impossible for him to restore his body now. If he restores his body, he will be hurt even more. If he does not restore his body, then Ding If Chunming continues like this, he will be dead.

The other snakes seemed to have discovered the situation of the giant snake, and they immediately rushed towards Ding Chunming. When Ding Chunming saw this situation, he couldn't help but snorted, and then he moved his right hand, and the hammer in his right hand was already put away. Coming back, he threw the hammer in his hand again, but this time he couldn't throw it that far. Then he kept dancing around to prevent the snakes from getting close to him, and the hammer in his left hand, But it never stopped, and kept twisting in the red mist.

Although the snakes around him are constantly attacking Ding Chunming, Ding Chunming can protect himself from the weather with just the hammer in his right hand, so that the snakes cannot get close to him, while the hammer in his left hand is still Without leaving the red mist, it finally got closer. About the time of a stick of incense passed, the red mist suddenly turned into a black smoke and disappeared. It was obvious that the giant snake had been used by Ding Chunming like this. The method was killed.

Wen Wenhai and the others had been paying attention to Ding Chunming's fighting situation. When he saw this situation, he couldn't help but smile bitterly, but Chang Jun said at this time: "I really didn't expect that Elder Ding would be so powerful. , Killing a big snake so easily is really unimaginable."

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "It's nothing remarkable. Lao Ding's strength is there. He is very powerful. In these years, he has rarely cared about the affairs of the sect and focused on training, so he has such a His strength is also very normal. To be honest, in the current sect, apart from the sect leader, it is difficult to find anyone stronger than him. His strength is not just a joke. "

Chang Jun nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, Elder Ding has been very low-key these years. If he hadn't taken action this time, few people in the sect would have known that he had such strength. It's amazing. , it’s really amazing, to be honest, sometimes I really envy him, he can put all his thoughts into practice.”

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "There is nothing to envy. Everyone has his own way of living. He devotes all his attention to training. I admire this very much, but I I really can’t do what he does. Although I can also focus on training, it will be impossible if the time is too long. But he is different. He is a physical practitioner. This is how he practiced from the beginning. Over the years, he has developed a habit.”

Chang Jun nodded, and then he turned around and saw another person. He couldn't help but sigh coldly: "Look, Elder Sheng Si has taken action. Oh my God, his attack is so gorgeous." Chang Jun really couldn't help but sigh. Apart from the word gorgeous, there is no other word to describe Sheng Si's attack. Sheng Si's attack is completely different from Ding Chunming's.

Ding Chunming's attacks can be said to be simple and unpretentious. He just uses normal energy to attack, keep attacking, and finally destroy the enemy. There is nothing flashy. Although in everyone's opinion, his hammering skills are very good, but everyone only knows how to do it. It's true, but I wouldn't say otherwise, because his hammering technique is too simple. Every blow will hit a target. There is nothing superfluous or wasteful. It is extremely simple.

But Sheng Si's attacks are completely different. Sheng Si's attacks are ever-changing, especially after he has an external incarnation, his attacks have changed too much, and he will not engage in close combat with the enemy. He has always They are all long-range attacks, various spells, and various array combinations.

If Ding Chunming used his strength to the limit, then Sheng Si used his skills to the limit. Every move he made was very beautiful, as if he was watching a computer-generated blockbuster. It was very powerful. , very domineering. While you are still admiring the beautiful picture, his enemy is already dead.

Waiting until Sheng Si's attack stopped, Chang Jun finally took a breath and said: "It's so powerful. I really didn't expect that his strength would be so strong. Did you see it? So many spells, so many There are so many magic circles, how could he want to combine all these magic spells and magic circles to use them? The threat is still so huge, and judging from his appearance, he doesn't seem to have just started to study this method of attack. Could it be that Has he used this method to attack before? Then his research on the magic circle is probably no worse than Lao Wen's, right?"

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Sheng Si's offense has always been like this. He is the adopted son of the sect master and also the disciple of the sect master. He is born with stronger mental power than others. When the sect master taught him at the beginning, he wanted to Teach him how to control his mental power. After he has completely controlled his mental power, he will start to teach him other things. In order to make his body suitable for his mental power, he also teaches him some physical training. Technique, because his mental power was too strong, and his body simply couldn't bear his mental power. If he hadn't met the leader, he would have died long ago.

Chang Jun smiled bitterly and said: "I just realized now that I seem to have never understood our Blood Killing Sect very well. I always thought that we people are the masters second only to the sect master in the Blood Killing Sect. Now it seems that we are not. "Elder Ding's strength seems to be higher than ours. Are there any other masters from the sect master who have not been released? I am really curious now." Chang Jun really feels this way, because People like Ding Chunming and Sheng Si used to keep their reputations low. Who would have thought that they would have such strong fighting power? He was really surprised.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "You will know in the future. The sect master has countless cards in his hand, and he will always play the most appropriate card at the most appropriate time. It seems that we have solved those guys this time. , we no longer have to worry about those guys, which is a great thing for us."

Chang Jun nodded, glanced at Ding Chunming and the others again, and then turned his attention to the base. He saw that Yu Ming was commanding a disciple to replace some of the magic arrays in the base with the ones he needed. He then said: "I don't know if the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Array can really work. If the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation works, that would be the best. If the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation doesn't work, then in the future it will be like I’m afraid there will be many more battles like this.”

Wen Wenhai also looked at Wen Yuming and the others, and he said solemnly: "I believe it will definitely work. Don't forget, this is a big formation that the boss attaches great importance to. How come it can't work? I believe in the boss."