c7067 Appreciate

Wen Wenhai looked at Bai Yan and said in a deep voice: "Tell me in detail." He really wanted to hear Bai Yan's opinion, because Wen Wenhai had already discovered that Bai Yan, the frontline commander, when reacting to the enemy, was He is very good. He can always make the most appropriate adjustments according to the situation on the battlefield, which is very rare.

Baiyan nodded, and then said: "The wheel of law I am talking about is not the wheel of law on the Blood Killing Battle Castle. Our Blood Killing Battle Castle has not been refitted yet. It can't be used now. It exerts its greatest power, so what I call the wheel of law is the wheel of law in our external incarnation."

At this point, he rolled his eyes for a moment, and then continued: "I have always felt that we have never maximized the power of our external incarnations. However, after countless years of research by the sect leader, our external incarnations have Coupled with the emergence of Buddha's power metal, it was finally completed. He can become larger or smaller at will. We have never brought out this effect. If we fully exert these effects of the incarnation outside the body, , that will definitely qualitatively improve the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect disciples."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but look at him. Everyone else's eyes also lit up. They were not stupid. Now they understood the meaning of what he said before rolling his eyes, but Wen Wenhai did not interrupt. Bai Yan, but motioned for him to continue speaking, because Wen Wenhai knew very well that even if they figured it out, they should not interrupt Bai Yan, because after all, Bai Yan came up with the idea, so it was him who should say it.

Baiyan saw Wen Wenhai's gesture, nodded, and then said: "Our external avatars can become larger, then we can select some people from our army to make their external avatars temporary. Grow bigger and become a wheel of law, so that we have our own wheel of law. If we feel that one person is not enough to support the consumption of the wheel of law, then we can let a few more people provide energy for him. We can do this too.”

Wen Wenhai and the others nodded with excitement on their faces. Bai Yan's method was very good. It solved the problem of suppressing the power of the other party's law in one go. It was definitely a great thing for their disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Son, this is equivalent to relieving their worries. In the future, even if they don't have the cooperation of the Blood Killing Battle Castle, they don't have to worry about the suppression of the other party's laws. This is the most important thing.

Baiyan continued: "Actually, I think we can also use magic arrays in our Rubik's Cube Formation. The Rubik's Cube Formation has many changes, but in this process, we can also use various magic arrays. Yes, our magic circle can be used three-dimensionally. As long as the people in the specific talisman positions are allowed to incarnate outside their bodies, the talisman will be transformed into the talisman. In this way, our Rubik's Cube Array will be protected by the magic circle. In this way, we When fighting, there are more guarantees.”

Wen Wenhai and the others nodded unconsciously. They felt that Bai Yan was really right. Why didn't they think of it before? The Rubik's Cube array has many changes, but its most distinctive shape is actually the shape of a Rubik's Cube. , and the shape of this Rubik's Cube can completely lay out a three-dimensional magic circle.

It may have been very difficult to do this in the past, but now that they have optical brains, it is completely different. All of them can know their position in the Rubik's Cube through the optical brain, so even if they are in the same position, Change, guarantee that as long as they reach the position of the formation talisman, they will immediately transform into the corresponding formation talisman, then the formation will not be affected, and they can even use this method even when they are attacking.

"Okay, great, this method is really great." Wen Wenhai and the others were the first to applaud before they could speak. But it was Old Man Jiu Suan who stood up with excitement and said, "This This method is really great. As long as this method is successful, our future combat effectiveness will make a qualitative leap. I think we should report this matter to the young master immediately. This is about our bloodshed. It’s a big deal for Zong’s future combat effectiveness.”

"No need, I already know." As a voice came, a person had appeared in the conference room. The person who came was none other than Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was looking at everyone with a smile on his face. Everyone stood up and faced Zhao Hai. Hai saluted, Zhao Hai waved his hand, then he looked at Bai Yan, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, Bai Yan, good job, I have always been very optimistic about you, and have always let you be the commander of this front line, hahaha, it seems that my decision That's right, you are really very good, good, very good, Baiyan, your proposal is very good, I didn't think of it before, but you did, it's very good."

Zhao Hai said so many good things, which was really surprising, but everyone also heard the excitement from Zhao Hai's words, and stood up with an excited look on their eyes, and faced Zhao Hai. Hai saluted, and for a moment he didn't know what to say. He was really too excited.

It’s no wonder that Bai Yan is so excited. He has reason to be excited. They all joined the Blood Killing Sect at the Black and White Battlefield. It can be said that in the Blood Killing Sect, they are definitely Zhao Hai’s opponents. They have always taken good care of them, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not look down on them, but they still felt huge pressure because they knew very well that they were incomparable to other people in the Blood Killing Sect. , The time they followed Zhao Hai was too short. These people are definitely not Zhao Hai's confidants.

Although Zhao Hai has always asked him to be the frontline commander, Bai Yan is very clear that in the Blood Killing Sect, there are too many people who can take their place. Zhao Hai is here to take care of them and to take care of those who have never been there. The emotions of the Blood Killing Sect were only added to the Black and White battlefield, and they were allowed to be the commanders of the front line. If they can't achieve results, they would be very sorry for Zhao Hai.

It is precisely because of this idea that they have been working very hard, and the suggestion he put forward this time was only put forward after he thought for a long time. He always felt that the incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect There is still a lot of potential to be tapped, and he can become more powerful. He has been thinking of ways. After summarizing many battles, he put forward his own opinion. Sure enough, this opinion was highly praised by Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "I already know what happened to you today. I don't blame you for this matter. Not only you, but even me, I didn't expect that the enemy would be so powerful and so powerful." Cunning, so don’t take it seriously and just go on and do your own thing.”

Everyone agreed, and Zhao Hai then said with a smile: "I will study this method carefully, then summarize it, and finally teach it to everyone in the real illusion, but before that, you can try it If we use this method, even if we can't use the magic circle in the Rubik's Cube, we can still use the Wheel of Law, so at least we won't be suppressed by the power of the law."

Everyone responded. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Your performance is beyond my expectation. I am very satisfied with your performance. You don't have to think too much. Just do it boldly. No war can be fought without death. We, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, all have several lives. We can afford to fight, but they can’t, so don’t worry about anything, just go ahead and do it boldly." After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai disappeared.

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Everyone has heard what the sect master said. The sect master did not blame us for this matter. He gave us the greatest trust. We must not let the sect master down. The matter of trust and the Wheel of Law has been put on the agenda. This matter is easy to solve, but in the Rubik's Cube Array, the matter of using the magic circle cannot be solved in a short while. I think everyone can do it. Knowing this, I won't say anything more. This matter will be studied by the sect master later. Let's study. Let's adjourn the meeting now. Baiyan, you go and train and let the disciples use their external incarnations to transform into the wheel of law. That’s all, Elder Jiu Suan, go and repair all the damaged areas of the magic circle, and at the same time do a good job of protecting the magic circle, everyone, please take action.”

Everyone responded, then stood up, gave Wen Wenhai a fist, turned and left. After everyone left, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath, turned to Chang Jun and said: "I am now I finally understand how the sect master feels. Although it seems that it only takes a while to solve the problem, this pressure is really not something that ordinary people can bear. I have only been in charge of things for such a short time, and I already feel like I can't bear it. But the sect leader has been in charge for so many years, I really don’t know how he survived."

Chang Jun laughed and scolded: "You are the sect leader, right? You are so hopeless, okay, there are still a lot of things to deal with now, let's go and help, let's go." Wen Wenhai also smiled and responded. , then stood up and walked out with Chang Jun. This time their losses were so great, and there were indeed many things to deal with.

Repairing the magic circle is very simple. There are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. All you need to do is replace the broken magic circle directly. Send those broken laws to Shenji Hall. They It will be taken care of, they don't have to worry about anything, the most important thing is the self-protection of the base formation.

They had never paid attention to this aspect before, but now they had to pay attention, because the base's magic circle was attacked this time, which really scared them, and once there would be a second time, if The next time someone enters the base, it will be a master of the opponent. What if the opponent mainly focuses on destroying the base's magic circle? What will they do then? If their defensive formation is really destroyed by the local government in this way, then these people will really be unlucky, everyone will be unlucky, and by that time, their losses will be great, and they may even It will directly lead to the failure of this attack, which is the most terrifying thing. rw