c7063 attack

Everyone seemed very happy when they heard what Zhao Hai said. They were really happy, because this was Zhao Hai's greatest affirmation to them. At the same time, they also understood why Zhao Hai must let them lead the army alone. It turned out that there were so many considerations in fighting, which they had never thought of.

Especially the second reason, which is entirely for their consideration. Although they are not planning to leave the Blood Killing Sect, nor are they planning to ascend on their own, Zhao Hai can consider this, which has moved them very much. They thought for a moment, if they were in Zhao Hai's position, they probably wouldn't be able to achieve Zhao Hai's level. What if they have their own inner space and fly solo? Didn't Zhao Hai train them for so many years in vain? The most important thing is that if they really want to make the inner space, then the materials for making the inner space must be provided by Zhao Hai. Then Zhao Hai will have to pay too much. If they leave at this time If Zhao Hai said so, then Zhao Hai would get nothing, and the price would be too high.

They didn't believe that Zhao Hai would stop them when they were about to leave, but they would kill them because once Zhao Hai did that, the Blood Killing Sect would be over, so Zhao Hai would agree to it for the sake of the existence of the Blood Killing Sect. If they do this, Zhao Hai's losses will be too great.

It is precisely for this reason that if they really sit in Zhao Hai's position, they will never do what Zhao Hai does, or even say such things, because if he says this, it is tantamount to opening the door. If they leave the Blood Killing Sect in the future, the loss to the Blood Killing Sect will be too great.

But it was precisely because Zhao Hai said this that none of them had the idea of ​​leaving the Blood Killing Sect. They all knew very well that only in the Blood Killing Sect would they have everything they needed, and they could They don't have to worry about not being able to ascend, so they don't have any worries.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, the reason why I came to see you this time is not to take over your command. I will still leave it to you to command the future battles. I will not pass." Intervene more, so you don’t have to worry about anything, just go ahead and do it boldly.”

Everyone responded, then turned and left. After they all left, Zhao Hai turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Wen Hai, Chang Jun, I am most satisfied with the performance of the two of you. You know how to make reasonable use of what you have. All the resources on the Internet are very important, and I am very optimistic about you."

When the two of them heard what Zhao Hai said, they all stood up and saluted Zhao Hai: "Thank you for the compliment, sect master." Wen Wenhai usually calls Zhao Haitou'er, but in this formal occasion, he still calls him "Tou'er". The leader of Zhao Hai, this is his respect for Zhao Hai. He has never thought of leaving Zhao Hai and leaving the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai waved his hands at the two of them and said: "Okay, don't be so polite to me. You did it right this time. In the next period of time, remember to conduct actual combat training for all disciples and don't patronize the people here in the Snake World." Disciples, the same goes for disciples in the sect, they can rotate from time to time."

The two of them responded, and Zhao Hai then looked at the two of them and said, "You two, don't be frightened by my previous order. If you really encounter any problems that cannot be solved, just tell me directly and I will help. Do you understand?" The two of them responded at the same time, and at the same time they felt relieved. They knew very well that Zhao Hai's strength was absolutely incomparable, and his status in the Blood Killing Sect was unparalleled. Instead, with such a master in charge, they will feel more at ease when doing things.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them and said with a smile: "Okay, just do what you want and don't worry about me." After saying that, Zhao Hai disappeared into the room. He really came here because he was happy. , Wen Wenhai and the others did not rush to attack this decision, which made him very happy. Of course, it does not mean that if Wen Wenhai and the others continued to attack, it would be wrong. On the contrary, if Wen Wenhai and the others continued to attack, Zhao Hai would not object. Because attacking has a reason to attack, and not attacking has a reason not to attack. This is normal and nothing extraordinary.

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai also sat down. He looked at Chang Jun and said with a smile: "Now I feel relieved. As long as the boss does not object to our plan, then I can do it boldly." , and the boss seems to really agree with our plan this time, otherwise he would not dare to say those words, but I really don’t know what the boss thinks, who else would leave the blood now? The Killing Sect, like the Blood Killing Sect, has an almost non-competitive environment. Isn’t that what we want? Many monks can’t even ask for it, so how could anyone leave?”

Chang Jun's face was a little solemn. He looked at Wen Wenhai and said: "Old Wen, do you think it's because the sect master knew something? Could it be that someone wanted to leave the Blood Killing Sect and he found out, so he Why did you say those words? We will not leave the Blood Killing Sect, but this does not mean that other people will not, especially those who joined the Blood Killing Sect later. Do they want to be strong enough? When he left the Blood Killing Sect? Is this possible? "

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he said with a serious look on his face: "The possibility you mentioned is possible, but I still don't believe it. How could someone leave the Blood Killing Sect? Especially those who joined the Blood Killing Sect later. The killers, when they were in the lower realm, were all masters of the major sects, but how they climbed to this position, I think they must know better than others. In this case, they will leave the blood Killing the sect? An environment like the bloody killing sect is probably what they all want in their dreams, right?"

Chang Jun thought for a while and nodded: "That's right. If it were me, I would never leave the Blood Killing Sect. Forget it, I believe the sect leader will definitely handle these things. If those new members join us If the people of the Blood Killing Sect really want to leave, I think they can just kill them directly. There is no need to be polite to them. As for our old brothers in the Blood Killing Sect, I believe no one will be willing to leave."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said with a smile: "Yes, I think so too. No old brother like me would be willing to leave the Blood Killing Sect. This is for sure. Okay, there is no need to worry about it." These things are nerve-wracking, let’s think about how to arrange the disciples to go into battle next.”

Chang Jun nodded and said in a deep voice: "Don't worry too much about this. Just let them go out to fight. It's good to win. If the situation is not right, just go back. To be honest, there are With the Five Elements Killing Formation, I really don’t have anything to worry about anymore, we have an unbreakable fortress, so there is nothing else to worry about.”

Wen Wenhai smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "That's right, let's just arrange for them to go into battle. Didn't Lao Wen say that the weapons capable of launching energy beasts have been prepared? How is the installation now? This kind of energy weapon , it would be more difficult to install than the Five Elements Ultimate Array, because it would be very troublesome to remove some of the original energy weapons."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Don't worry about anything. The energy weapons on the Blood Killing Battle Fort can be replaced slowly. The same is true for the ones in our base now. And the energy weapons used by our Blood Killing Sect disciples are all incarnations outside the body." Once it comes out, as long as the array of this energy weapon is input into their optical brain, they can use it, so there is nothing to worry about."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "This time our main purpose is to train the disciples, so it is more appropriate to let them go. Don't let the Blood Killing Battle Fort participate, and just let the disciples fight." Naturally, Chang Jun would not object. Then the two discussed the number of disciples to be sent out every day.

In the end, the two decided to send out about a billion disciples every day, attacking from several different directions, and then see how their results were. If their results were good, then they would increase the number of disciples sent out. If the effect was If it's not very good, then they can also increase the number of disciples' attacks, which may be able to play a supporting role. But if the results are not good, then they will have to make corresponding adjustments when deploying.

The next day, the first batch of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who went out to fight were already ready. Then Wen Wenhai gave an order, and Old Man Jiusuan opened the Five Elements Killing Formation. Those disciples rushed out directly, and The snakes that have been surrounding the Blood Killing Sect's base haven't reacted yet. They no longer dare to attack the Blood Killing Sect's base. They just stay outside the Blood Killing Sect's base. Now the Blood Killing Sect's base suddenly opens, and they Of course it was unexpected.

It is precisely because of this that they did not have time to attack the people of the Blood Killing Sect. At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already killed and began to attack the snakes. They all lined up in a magic square formation to attack those snakes. The snakes launched an attack, but this time their attack method was a bit special. They actually released countless energy attacks, and the energy weapons they released all contained energy beasts.

Suddenly, the sky was full of fire with energy beasts of various attributes, rushing towards the snakes, but Zhao Hai and the others were attacking non-stop, and the snakes immediately reacted and started to fight back. However, the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect seemed to have intelligence, specifically looking for snakes with attributes that were incompatible with theirs to attack. And those snakes with the same attributes as theirs, although they wanted to attack those energy beasts, were immediately attacked by them. Energy beasts with conflicting attributes were entangled, and they had no ability to attack at all.

This battle lasted for two hours, and then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated directly to the base of the Blood Killing Sect. Although the moment the Blood Killing Sect's base was opened, some snakes rushed into the Blood Killing Sect. base, but soon the Five Elements Killing Formation was opened, and those snakes were directly trapped inside, and were then eliminated by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, without causing any harm to the Blood Killing Sect's base at all. threaten.