c7064 trap

Ten days have passed in the blink of an eye. This is already the tenth day after the Blood Killing Sect set up the Five Elements Killing Formation. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been fighting those snakes, and they have disappeared many snakes. , but those snakes are not rare at all, and even those snakes are now smarter. As soon as the shield of the Blood Killing Sect is opened, they will immediately rush into the Blood Killing Sect's base. If the Blood Killing Sect's disciples It is not that easy to break out. In this way, the two of them will have a big battle within the Five Elements Killing Formation. The Blood Killing Sect wants to set up the Five Elements Killing Formation. None of it is easy.

In the end, there was no other way. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could only retreat to the base, then set up the shield, and then eliminated all the snakes in the shield, and then looked for opportunities to get out. But in this way, their actions would It has been greatly restricted. It is no longer possible to achieve such good results as the first day's attack.

However, the Blood Killing Sect has never given up the attack. They have also increased the intensity of the attack. Now they have sent 10 billion Blood Killing Sect disciples to attack at a time. The effect is not bad, and they can directly counterattack those snakes. Push back, then kill the base of the Blood Slaughter Sect and attack the snakes. Although there are many snakes killed, the situation is really good. At least the battles participated by the disciples are more intense.

Today is the eleventh day. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who are going to attack today have made preparations. Everyone seems very excited. None of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are afraid of fighting, because in their skills, all There are ways to control murderous intent, which makes them all like fighting, because fighting will allow them to accumulate more murderous intent, and murderous intent will make their fighting power stronger, so they are never afraid of fighting.

Although they are fighting snakes now, these snakes are different from ordinary snakes. The fighting power of these snakes is very powerful and terrifying. Fighting with these snakes will accumulate more murderous intent. Their practice will be more beneficial.

As Old Man Jiu Suan opened the Five Elements Killing Formation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately rushed out. They knew very well that the moment the Five Elements Killing Formation was opened, the battle would be the most intense. , so their attacks have been very fierce, and the attacks of those snakes will also be very fierce. At this time, they are completely in a state of confrontation.

Waves of shouts of killing came out. At this time, the disciples who had been killed were unable to use energy beasts to attack, because if they used energy beasts to attack, they would lose their impact and have no impact. They had no way to drive the snakes out of the Blood Killing Sect's base, so they couldn't use energy weapons. Instead, they kept attacking with all their strength and started close combat with the snakes.

This kind of battle has happened more than once before, so no disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has it easy. They will attack with all their strength and attack non-stop, and they will mainly attack with the most powerful drill. This kind of attack This method is the most violent attack in the Rubik's Cube battle formation.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect collided with those snakes, and bursts of shouts of killing came. Countless snakes flew into ashes, and some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fell from the sky, but before they landed on the ground , had already stabilized their bodies, and then went back to fight, but some fell directly to the ground and did not step forward to participate in the battle.

Wen Wenhai, who was watching below, knew very well that those who did not join the battle immediately were truly dead. They had become the undead clan, so they did not immediately turn around to join the war, and those who did so instead, But he was not dead, or even injured. The armor made by the incarnation of the Blood Killer Sect, its defensive power was no joke.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also received strict orders. If they were injured and could not recover in a short period of time, they must withdraw from the battle immediately. If their first life was lost, they also had to withdraw from the battle immediately. It is precisely because In this way, that's why so many Blood Killing Sect disciples withdrew from the battle. Some of them were injured but not dead, while some lost their lives. They could only withdraw from the battle.

The battle between the two sides was extremely fierce, and the snakes were also very powerful. Not only could they attack with their bodies, but they could also cast some spells, and their spells were a mixed spell. Among their spells , mixed with the power of Shadow Clan's laws, which makes their spells very difficult to deal with.

However, both sides still focus on melee combat, because melee combat is the most powerful way of fighting. This way of fighting can destroy the opponent's defense line in the shortest time. However, judging from the current situation, it has always been It was the Blood Killing Sect disciples who pushed back the opponent's defense line, without giving the opponent a chance to advance into the Blood Killing Sect's base.

It was the same this time. After half an hour of fighting, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had slowly pushed the snakes out of the Blood Killing Sect's base, and then the Five Elements Ultimate Killer in the Blood Killing Sect's base The formation was set up directly. It was already impossible for those snakes to enter the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Of course, some snakes have also entered the Blood Killing Sect's base, but these snakes have now entered the Blood Killing Sect's base, and the number is not very large. It is very easy to clean up, and the snakes in the base will be cleaned up quickly. , but what Wen Wenhai and the others were really concerned about was the situation projected on the shield, which clearly reflected the situation of the Blood Killing Sect disciples fighting those snakes.

After pushing those snakes out of the Blood Killing Sect's base, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples began to release energy beasts to attack. Of course, close combat was also necessary. They were always attacking and attacking non-stop. The fighting between the two sides was incomparable. The battle was so intense that from time to time, snakes would turn into black smoke. Of course, from time to time, disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would be killed or injured. Therefore, the disciples who died in the battle would be moved to a relatively safe place, even if they were They are resurrected and generally will not participate in battles.

Time passed little by little, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect pushed forward. Although the snakes seemed to be fighting to the death, they were still defeated bit by bit by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The entire battle It was so violent that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also suffered a lot of casualties.

Wen Wenhai had been paying attention to the battle outside. When he saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect advancing forward, he suddenly frowned and said, "Something's wrong, why do I feel so wrong? The snakes seemed to be retreating faster today than the previous two days, and the attack distance of our disciples seemed to be too far, something was wrong."

Chang Jun had been observing the fighting situation outside. When he heard what Wen Wenhai said, he felt that something was wrong. He immediately said: "I feel that something is wrong, so I immediately ordered them to move back. No accidents can occur." ." Chang Jun knew very well that they were just training troops now, and they were not trying to fight those snakes. There was no need to care about the outcome at this moment. There were too many snakes, so there was no need to use killing tactics against those snakes. That was It's useless at all, so I still focus on preserving my own strength.

Wen Wenhai also nodded. He immediately took out the communication array and said loudly: "All the disciples who are out in battle, listen, return to the base immediately. Return to the base in a short time. Quick." Wen Wenhai was a little worried. Anxious, he knew very well that if their losses were too great in such a battle, then they would have failed.

But just when Wen Wenhai gave this order, countless snakes suddenly appeared between the formation of the Blood Killing Sect disciples and the Blood Killing Sect base. These snakes looked very weird, and their whole bodies were covered with Black, if they don't move, you will just think it is a black smoke, but when they start to move, you will find that it is a snake. These snakes connect the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect with the blood. The road between the killing sect base was completely cut off.

As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change. He immediately took out the communication array and said loudly: "Attention, everyone, your escape route has been cut off. Come back as soon as possible and use The teleportation array is back, hurry up." Wen Wenhai is now sure that they fell into the trap of those snakes. Those snakes retreated deliberately, and then led the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect out, and then cut off their retreat. Cleaned up all the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were out.

After giving orders to the disciples outside, Wen Wenhai immediately said loudly: "All reserve disciples are ready to respond at any time." After speaking, he turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, change the energy weapons. How many bloody battle castles do you have? Can you go to war?"

Chang Jun said with a serious face: "There are only ten, because there are too many energy weapons on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and some changes need to be made so that the defensive array on the Blood Killing Battle Fort can also become a five-element killer." The formation is large, so the transformation is very slow. So far, only ten blood-killing battle forts have been transformed. Although other blood-killing battle forts can be used, they may also be sucked away by those snakes, so they are used You still have to be careful sometimes.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he snorted coldly and said: "The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is really powerful, and it even sets traps. I really want to see if you can get us out." All the disciples are left outside, these guys are really damned, damned." As Wen Wenhai spoke, he gritted his teeth and looked at the snakes on the shield projection, and kept cursing.

At this moment, a voice came from Wen Wenhai's communication array: "Elder Wen, it's bad, we can't use the teleportation array here. It seems like it is sealed. The teleportation array cannot be used. Even the teleportation array cannot be used." Our external incarnations have been affected to a certain extent. If this continues, our combat effectiveness will be greatly affected. I am afraid that the losses to the disciples will be great. Please ask Elder Wen to send someone to deal with us immediately. Hurry up. ah!"

As soon as he heard what the other party said, Wen Wenhai's face couldn't help but change. He knew very well that if it wasn't really in danger, they would not rescue him, and his face suddenly became very ugly.

appapp