c7066 proposal

Wen Wenhai looked at the situation on the projection, his face was solemn, and he said in a deep voice: "Do you think Baiyan can successfully rescue those people?" This is what Wen Wenhai is most worried about. If those people cannot be rescued, If they are all rescued, then they are really in danger this time.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, don't worry, it will definitely work. This time there are ten Blood Killing Battle Forts following us, and they are modified Blood Killing Battle Forts. All disciples can enter the Blood Killing Battle Forts." In the Killing Battle Fort, use the teleportation array in the Blood Killing Battle Fort to return to our base. Nothing will happen. Look, the Blood Killing Battle Fort has finally taken action." As he spoke, he pointed at the sky. projection.

What appears on the projection is the attack of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. The Blood Killing Battle Fort has not attacked before. It’s not that they don’t want to attack, but their enemies this time will be invisible. Even if they want to attack, they can’t. arrived, because the target could not be found, but now the Blood Killing Battle Fort finally took action.

All the energy weapons in the Blood Kill Battle Castle suddenly released countless energy beasts, and these energy beasts were all of earth attribute. One after another, khaki giant dragons appeared in the Blood Kill Battle Castle. Around the army of the Blood Killing Sect, these giant dragon-colored dragons suddenly exploded, and as they exploded, countless dust suddenly appeared around the army of the Blood Killing Sect, but these dust did not disappear. Instead, it has been spreading around the Blood Killing Sect army. As soon as the Blood Killing Sect disciples saw this situation, they immediately understood what was going on. They all carefully looked at the dust around them and found that the dust there appeared. As soon as they noticed the fluctuation, they immediately attacked, and they were sure to hit accurately every time.

Because of the appearance of these dusts, Byakugan and the others' advance speed suddenly became faster. As their attack speed increased, the snakes were unable to withstand it. Although the snakes could become invisible, their attack ability was actually They are not that strong. What they are best at is sneak attacks. They cannot withstand such a strong attack from the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Quickly Baiyan and the others broke through the encirclement of those snakes and directly joined Chen Chu and his army. Then the army did not enter the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, but went directly from the encirclement to the Blood Killing Sect. They came from the direction of the base, and five Blood-killing War Fortresses opened the way. Five Blood-killing War Fortresses broke off from behind, and then began to break through with all their strength.

The fighting power of those snakes was originally inferior to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and now it is even more inferior. It is impossible for them to block the Blood Killing Sect disciples who are breaking through with all their strength, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are easily killed. After breaking out, when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect broke out to the outside of the Blood Killing Sect's base, the snakes retreated directly and stopped attacking.

In fact, the reason why the Blood Killing Sect's army broke through so smoothly this time was because there were those Blood Killing Battle Fortresses, and there were wheels of law on top of those Blood Killing Battle Fortresses, and they protected the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. In the middle, it is equivalent to creating an area controlled by the power of the Blood Killing Sect's laws in the middle of the snakes of the Shadow Clan. In this area, the strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples can be maximized, and will not Being affected by the barrier.

Originally, they could of course enter the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, and then easily return to the Blood Killing Sect base from the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, but they did not do so. The most important reason for not doing so was The thing is, they want to kill more snakes. They have been fighting with those snakes for so long. This is the first time they have suffered such a big loss. They were surrounded by the other side. This makes the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, how can they They could swallow this breath, so they began to attack with all their strength, just to kill more snakes and vent their bad breath.

After they discovered that they were no longer affected by the other party's law, they immediately decided to kill more snakes to vent their anger. What they were worried about before was that their strength would be suppressed by the other party's law. Once this kind of suppression no longer exists, what do they have to fear? Do those snakes think that it is so easy to destroy the more than 10 billion disciples of the Blood Killing Sect? They oversimplify things.

Things have also proved that this is indeed the case. After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were no longer suppressed by the power of law, they broke out directly. Those snakes could not keep them at all. When the Five Elements Killing Formation was opened, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated. After entering the Blood Killing Sect's base, the Five Elements Killing Formation was activated again, but the snakes did not attack them during this process. Obviously, they also knew very well that such an attack would be nothing. use.

After all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect returned to the base, Wen Wenhai immediately arranged for them to rest and count the casualties. Then he invited everyone to the base and prepared to have a good chat, but no one else Whatever he said, he went directly to the conference room of the base.

After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, sighed softly and said: "This time, we were too careless and fell into the enemy's trick. This kind of invisible snake is really... It is very powerful, and the opponent's power of law also suppresses us. After ascending, although we have been fighting with the people of the Shadow Clan, the people of the Shadow Clan have never used their power of law to suppress us. So we forgot this, and it's our fault, and we have to remember this lesson."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, we have always underestimated our opponents. We thought that after the Five Elements Killing Formation appeared, we no longer had to be afraid of each other. We could always use the same tactics as before. Methods to deal with them, treating them as the targets of our military training, but we have forgotten that they are our enemies, and they are also our most powerful enemies. They will always find ways to deal with us. They are not our real illusion. The enemies there are not our sparring partners, they are the real enemies."

Everyone nodded. They also felt that what Chang Jun said made sense. They had underestimated those snakes, especially after the Five Elements Killing Formation appeared. They were even more relaxed. In addition, Zhao Hai treated them Definitely, they underestimated the enemy a little, and they can only blame themselves for this matter.

At this moment, Bai Yan and Chen Chu walked in. As soon as he saw the two of them coming, Wen Wenhai immediately looked at the two of them and said, "How is it? Have you calculated the losses?" Bai Yan and Chen Chu were the two. Wen Wenhai was responsible for the casualty statistics of this battle, so Wen Wenhai directly asked them what the losses were.

Chen Chu's face looked a little ugly and said: "The statistics are out. Our losses this time are not small. More than 10 million people have lost their lives, and more than 30 million people have been injured. This is the largest loss since we started the war." The most disastrous one." Of course Chen Chu's face looked ugly. He had directed this attack, but in the end it had such a result. It's no wonder that his face looked so ugly.

After finishing speaking, Chen Chu glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "This failure is entirely my responsibility. I underestimated the enemy too much. I will ask the sect leader for punishment." After saying this, Chen Chu sat down. When he came down, he stopped making any noise, rolled his eyes and didn't say anything. He just cupped his fists and saluted to Wen Wenhai and the others, and sat down.

Wen Wenhai glanced at Chen Chu, sighed softly and said: "You are not to blame for this matter. All of us are responsible. It is because we underestimated the enemy too much. Otherwise, we would not have discovered the enemy's plan. When the time comes, we will Let’s collectively ask the sect leader to punish him. Now let’s think about how to deal with the enemy.” After saying that, Wen Wenhai turned his attention to the old man Jiu Suan.

The reason why Wen Wenhai looked at Old Man Jiu Suan was because he had given Old Man Jiu Suan an order before. He asked Old Man Jiu Suan to count how much their magic circle had lost this time. You must know how much the invisible snakes in front of them were. The magic circle in the Blood Killing Sect's base was destroyed once, and that damage caused heavy losses to the magic circle in their base.

The old man Jiu Suan also understood what Wen Wenhai meant. He stood up directly and said in a deep voice: "This time we were destroyed by the enemy more than 20,000 magic formations. Fortunately, they only destroyed the magic formations, not those formations." Talisman, and those formation talismans are actually the important skeleton of our entire base. Those magic formations are just some energy weapons or some auxiliary magic formations. They are not very useful, so for the defense of the base, The impact will not be too great. It only takes one day to completely restore the base. But this battle has given us a reminder. If the sect leader hadn’t given such a warning when designing such a large array, If these magic circles are designed with some self-protection energy, we will suffer a big loss this time, so I think we should keep the self-protection ability in the base on in the future, especially when the opponent has this kind of invisibility This is especially true when it comes to enemies. If the enemy can really enter our base and destroy our magic circle, then our losses will be great. If we really let them destroy the magic circle of our base, then More trouble for Chi."

After speaking, Elder Jiu Suan sat down, and Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. Then Chang Jun said, "We don't know much about magic formations. In this regard, Elder Jiu Suan will leave it to you." Make the decision, as long as you ensure the safety of the base." Old Man Jiusuan nodded without saying anything.

Wen Wenhai glanced at the others and said in a deep voice: "What happened this time has reminded us that our enemies are very smart and cunning. Their fighting power is very powerful. If we can't be careful, If we do, we may suffer a big loss at any time. We have underestimated the enemy too much before."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Do you have any methods to deal with it? Now the enemy even uses law suppression, and with the addition of those snakes that can become invisible, when we attack in the future, we will definitely We have to be careful, so we must find a way to solve the current situation, what do you think?"

Rolling his eyes without speaking, he said in a deep voice: "I think we can start from two aspects. On the one hand, it is the wheel of law, and on the other hand, it is the energy weapon. It can even be said to be a temporary base. We can solve the problem from these two aspects. .”

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.