c7069 Research

Zhao Hai is sitting in the space with his eyes closed. In fact, he is constantly calculating now. He is calculating how to use the magical array in the Rubik's Cube and combine the magical array with the Rubik's Cube. Getting up, he really had never thought about this before, but after Bai Yan proposed it, Zhao Hai discovered that this method seemed to be very good and completely feasible, so after he returned to the space, he immediately Start making deductions.

However, the derivation result made Zhao Hai a little disappointed. He found that this method seemed to be feasible, but there was a problem, that is, this method seemed to limit the changes of the Rubik's Cube array to a great extent. What is the most important thing about the Rubik's Cube Formation? Of course, it has changed. He can attack or defend, and it is ever-changing. This is the most terrifying thing about the Rubik's Cube Formation.

But if there is a magic circle in the Rubik's Cube Array, then some of the changes in the Rubik's Cube Array cannot be used. This is the biggest problem. You must know that when the Rubik's Cube Array is used, it will change. into various shapes, and some shapes are really not suitable for using magic circles.

Like the cone formation, this large formation turns into a cone, but this cone is constantly rotating. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also call it the drill formation. The attack power of this formation is very high. It is very powerful and can attack enemies from all directions. It is a very terrifying offensive formation. However, in this kind of battle formation, it is almost impossible to use the magic formation, because when all the disciples are in motion, they want to use it. This kind of magic formation is almost impossible, and the requirements for disciples are really too high. Even if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have a light brain, they may not be able to achieve this.

For example, in the Crab Formation, this Crab Formation is also a very important change in the Rubik's Cube Formation. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attack the enemy from several directions including the center, left, right, up and down, and the front. In this case, It is almost impossible for the enemy to block the attack of the Blood Killing Sect, but it is also very difficult to use the magic circle in this crab formation.

There are many requirements for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to use magic arrays in the Rubik's Cube Formation. For example, you must be ready to change the magic array talismans at any time. For example, sometimes the changes in the Rubik's Cube Formation will cause The shape will become very unsuitable for arranging a magic circle, which is very important.

One thing is very important when arranging a magic circle, and that is balance. Energy balance. This sounds very weird. Some magic circles themselves have attributes. How do you achieve energy balance? In fact, the energy balance mentioned here refers to the energy balance of the talismans in the magic circle, not the balance of the five elements of energy in a magic circle.

Each magic circle is composed of talismans, ranging from dozens to hundreds to thousands, depending on the complexity and size of the magic circle, and these talismans must contain energy. , these energies are gathered together, and finally the magic circle will be formed, and the magic circle can be used.

But the energy on these talismans must be balanced. This does not mean that the energy of all talismans in the array is the same. There are some talismans in the array that have different energies. For example, as The energy of the array symbols in the array eye is much greater than that of other array symbols.

It can be said that the magic circle is composed of countless talismans, but these talismans are also divided into camps. Each eye of a magic circle can be regarded as the commander of a talisman. These commanders The full cooperation allows the entire array to operate, but the energy between the same people and these commanders must be balanced. Once the energy of one array eye is smaller, or becomes larger, it exceeds the others. Without the energy of the formation eye, the formation may collapse.

And where does the energy of these formation eyes come from? It comes from those ordinary formation talismans. Those formation talismans will concentrate their own energy into the formation eye, and then release it under the unified command of the formation eye. The energy of several formation eyes will finally be concentrated into the formation eye. At the center of the main formation, this magic formation can be used anywhere.

It is precisely because of this that the energy of all the array symbols in the array must be balanced. If the energy of one array symbol fluctuates, it may affect the energy of an array eye. If the energy of the array eye fluctuates, The energy of the entire array will fluctuate, and eventually the array will naturally collapse.

It was precisely because Zhao Hai discovered this before that he developed the three-dimensional magic array. To put it bluntly, the three-dimensional magic array is also a kind of magic circle, but the positions of the array symbols and the positions of the array eyes are also different. The energy within them maintains a balance and stability, so this three-dimensional array can be used.

But if you want to keep the energy of a magic circle in a balanced state, you need to go through a lot of calculations in advance. It is precisely because of this that there are not many people in the Blood Killing Sect who can actually arrange a three-dimensional magic circle. The large number of three-dimensional magic arrays currently used by the Killing Sect are actually all developed by Zhao Hai. After appropriate transformation, a lot of calculations are required during this transformation process.

The most important thing about the Rubik's Cube Array is change, and changes will cause the array to undergo various deformations. If the energy changes of the array must be recalculated every time it deforms, then this array will want to It is difficult to set up, and it takes a lot of time, but the Rubik's Cube Formation is on the battlefield. On the battlefield, the situation changes rapidly. In this case, if you want to use magic in the Rubik's Cube Formation, Formation is not an easy task.

Zhao Hai is also very familiar with this situation. He is very clear that it is really difficult for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to use the magic circle in this situation. The most important thing is that those They have never been exposed to the deformation of the magic circle and the energy changes required before, which means they have no foundation at all. In this case, they want the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to use the Rubik's Cube Formation. , and it is even more difficult to use the magic circle.

After Zhao Hai discovered these problems, he did not give up on letting the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use the magic array in the Rubik's Cube. On the contrary, he felt that if he found a problem, he could find a way to solve it. This is not a big deal, as long as After solving the problem, they can use the magic circle in the Rubik's Cube Formation.

What Zhao Hai has to do now is to solve all these problems. If you want to solve the problem, you must do it step by step. The first step is to calculate how many changes there are in the Rubik's Cube array and what the approximate shapes of its changes are. This is very important. This is equivalent to It is to have a pattern, and then according to this pattern, a magic circle is inserted into it.

This first step is very difficult, because the Rubik's Cube Array is famous for its many changes. It can produce countless changes. It can be carried out, defended, separated, or combined into a larger Rubik's Cube Array. More It can be changed into different shapes. It is not easy to calculate all of them.

Now Zhao Hai is doing this. He wants to calculate all these changes. At the very least, he also needs to calculate the shapes of these changes. Then he will design some magic circles based on these shapes. As long as he If these are done well, then their plan will be at least half successful.

This time's research also allowed Zhao Hai to discover some problems, that is, the three-dimensional magic array. Zhao Hai seems to have not studied it for a long time, which has made the research on the three-dimensional magic array stagnant. The three-dimensional magic circle used by the Blood Killing Sect now is still the three-dimensional magic circle he originally researched. He just made some adjustments under appropriate circumstances. The real big changes are not many. This discovery also made Zhao Hai had a headache. He really didn't expect that it would be like this. Now the Blood Killing Sect is a fighting method based on the magic circle. However, in the magic circle theory that is the basis of the entire Blood Killing Sect, they have It was very fatal to give up the research on the very important three-dimensional magic circle.

Zhao Hai did not blame Wen Yuming and the others. Wen Yuming and the others are very busy now and have a lot of things to do every day, so it is normal that no one studies the three-dimensional array. However, Zhao Hai did not study the three-dimensional array before. This was a bit too much, and Zhao Hai felt that he had ignored it too much.

Just like before, the Blood Killing Battle Fort requires the use of a defensive array, which itself is also a three-dimensional array. However, this three-dimensional array is essentially different from the three-dimensional array mentioned by Zhao Hai. , this three-dimensional magic array, all its symbols are connected by energy lines, this is very important.

Energy lines are not just something that can transmit energy. When energy lines are connected, all array symbols can become a whole. If the energy of a certain array symbol is strong, it can be transmitted to other array symbols through the energy line. Go up and finally reach an energy balance, so the magic circle connected by energy lines will basically not collapse. Of course, this way, there will be many restrictions, because the length of the energy lines is already limited. But if the deformation of the magic circle is relatively large, there will be no way to connect the energy lines, so the magic circle will naturally not be successful.

The defensive line of the magic circle placed by the Blood Killing Sect in the Blood Killing Battle Fort is a combination of the mechanism technique and the magic circle technique. The energy line in the middle can be stretched, so this kind of magic circle defense line , it can deform to a certain degree according to the terrain, but overall, it is still a whole.

If some terrain changes too much, then this kind of defense line will not be able to do anything. It will only deform to a certain extent, but it is impossible to truly achieve complete deformation. Sometimes, this kind of defense line A part of it may be in a suspended state, and there is nothing that can be done about it.

As for the three-dimensional array mentioned by Zhao Hai, the symbols are only connected by energy. There are no physical energy lines between the symbols. In this way, once there is an energy difference in one of the array symbols, If the energy fluctuates, it will be difficult to directly transfer energy to other formation symbols in a short period of time. If the energy calms down, the formation will naturally collapse. This is exactly the problem that Zhao Hai needs to solve, because On the battlefield, if all the magic formations you use require energy lines, then it will be very difficult to arrange such magic formations.