c7061 formation

This time the battle finally ended with the victory of the Blood Killing Sect. Ding Chunming and the others also fired a shot. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew that there was another one with such a powerful fighting force in the Blood Killing Sect. Those who The snake, which looked extremely powerful, was immediately dealt with when it met Ding Chunming and the others. This made many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel a sense of admiration for Ding Chunming and the others. .

However, Ding Chunming and the others didn't react at all. After returning from the war, they remained as low-key as before. They practiced as they should and did whatever they had to do. There was no strange behavior at all. In fact, they didn't think it was important. What's so great, the Blood Killing Sect has gone through many battles like this, and Ding Chunming has gone through even more battles like this, so in his opinion, this is just an ordinary battle.

On the third day after Ding Chunming and the others returned, Wen Yuming found Wen Wenhai and told Wen Wenhai that the transformation of the magic circle in Kuming had been completed, and they could turn the magic circle into a five-element killing formation. As soon as Wen Yuming said this, Wen Wenhai was naturally happy. He immediately led all the elders of the Blood Killing Sect to the outside of the room, preparing to see how Wen Yuming and the others built the Five Elements Killing Formation. of.

Wen Yuming walked to the front of the crowd. He came to the center of the entire base. Then he glanced around, then he took the communication array and said: "Everyone, please take your place." Following his voice, some The disciples of the Shenji Hall who followed him all stood at their own positions. This time, there were not many people, only one hundred and eight, and they were still far away, but under each person's feet, there was a They were right in front of the main formation of the huge magic circle.

Wen Yuming glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Are you ready?" As his voice sounded, prepared answers came one after another. There were a total of one hundred and eight people, all of whom were there. After hearing the last person's answer, Wen Yuming finally breathed a sigh of relief, and then he said in a deep voice: "Everyone is ready, listen to my orders, No. 97, No. 88, No. 75, No. 4 Number thirteen, number one hundred and one, number three, number five..." Numbers came out of Wen Yuming's mouth one by one, and following his voice, people hit him one after another. The magic circle under their feet produced the magic formula that they had practiced countless times. As their magic formula penetrated into the magic circle, bursts of white light emerged from the magic circle under their feet.

In the end, white light soared into the sky. In the end, Wen Yu moved his hands together and fired countless magic formulas into the magic circle at his feet. Then, in the magic circle at his feet, white light soared into the sky. , finally these rays of light entangled together in the sky, and then some of the rays of light slowly turned into various colors, which looked very beautiful, but then these colors slowly disappeared, and finally turned into gray , then the gray slowly expanded, and finally the gray attached to the shield, and then the shield also turned gray, and finally the entire Blood Killing Sect base became an area covered by gray mist energy , and finally the gray color slowly turned transparent and seemed to disappear all at once.

Looking at the sky that seemed to suddenly become transparent, Wen Yu couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he looked up to the sky and smiled: "Hahahaha, the Five Elements Killing Formation is done." After saying that, he moved and appeared in the sky. He came to Wen Wenhai's side, looked at Wen Wenhai and said: "Old Wen, have you seen it? The Five Elements Killing Formation has been completed."

Wen Wenhai looked at the transparent sky, and he was not used to it. He could even see the snakes outside, but now there was no snake on the shield, but the other snakes were not on the shield. This made him wonder what was going on for a moment, so he said in confusion: "Lao Wen, what's going on? Is this the Five Elements Killing Formation? Why is it transparent?"

Wen Yuming laughed loudly and said: "Of course the Five Elements Killing Formation is not transparent. In fact, the Five Elements Killing Formation is gray. The reason why you see it is transparent now is because it is coming from outside the base. Projection, I'm worried that you won't be able to see the situation outside, so when setting up the big array, I installed many small projection arrays outside the base, so it looks transparent to you now. If you look outside, it's actually grey."

Hearing what Yu Ming said, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath and said, "No wonder those snakes no longer pounced on me, but I remember there were still a lot of snakes on the shield originally. What about now? Where have those snakes gone?" Wen Wenhai Hai really felt strange. He remembered clearly that there were many snakes on the shield, but now they all disappeared.

Wen Yuming laughed loudly and said: "Do you think the call for the Five Elements Killing Formation was in vain? Of course those snakes are dead, all the snakes are dead. How could they escape the Five Elements Killing Formation? I Let me tell you, although this formation is called the Five Elements Killing Formation, it is not only powerful against the power of the Five Elements, but also the Yin and Yang Qi. Therefore, this formation is almost called the Killing Formation. Everything that the formation can touch will be immediately decomposed into the most primitive energy, and this energy is extremely messy and cannot be used, so it is called the ultimate formation."

At this point, Wen Yuming paused for a moment, and then said: "Many of the foundations of our Blood Killing Sect's formations come from this set of formations. This set of formations did not have such great power at the beginning. , it was later improved by the sect leader that it became so powerful. The reason why he was called the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation was because when the sect leader got him at the beginning, he was called the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation, but at that time he was just It is lethal to the power of the five elements, but not to the two qi of yin and yang. Later, it became so powerful after the sect master improved it. However, the usefulness of this magic circle is really limited, and the lethality is too great, so the sect master I have never used this formation very much. When I taught it to us, I also divided this formation into five magic formations and taught them to us. The sect leader originally wanted to see if we could combine these five magic formations. Get up and come up with the Five Elements Killing Formation. If we can come up with it, then pass this great formation on to us. If we don’t come up with it, forget it. This great formation is so powerful that it can be used. It hurts Tianhe, so the sect master has never taken the initiative to teach us, and we people are stupid enough, and we have never discovered it, and we still need the sect master to give us some advice."

After hearing what Yu Ming said, Wen Wenhai realized how powerful the Five Elements Killing Formation was, but then he frowned and said, "But in this way, we want to control this method in the future. Is it more difficult to form a formation? Then how can we attack the enemy? "

Wen Yuming said in a deep voice: "Just give it to Elder Jiu Suan. This kind of magic circle is a kind of foundation for us Shenji Hall people. As long as you show the magic circle to Elder Jiu Suan, he will know How can I control it? But now I can only open or close it. There is no other way to control it. I will go back to Shenji Hall now. We are going to conduct in-depth research on this magic circle. We will definitely do it. Develop energy weapons that use the energy of this magic circle as weapons." After that, he saluted Wen Wenhai, then turned around and left.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Wen Yuming leaving, he turned around and glanced at Old Man Jiu Suan. Old Man Jiu Suan smiled slightly and nodded, but didn't say anything. But when he saw Old Man Jiu Suan's expression, , Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief. He knew that the old man Jiusuan nodded, which meant that he could indeed control this kind of magic circle, and he was relieved.

At this moment, Chang Jun exclaimed. Wen Wenhai turned around and found that Chang Jun was looking at the sky in shock. He also looked up, and he was also stunned when he saw Outside their base, several snakes were rushing toward the formation. These snakes were all dozens of feet long. It seemed that they had absorbed a lot of the Blood Killing Sect's energy before, and were now preparing to attack the Blood Killing Sect's Five Elements. The attack by the decisive formation may also be a test to see what attributes the Five Elements Ultimate Formation has. They can use snakes with the same attributes to attack.

I saw those snakes hit the Five Elements Killing Formation at once, and then they immediately began to struggle, but they seemed to be sucked, and there was no way to leave the Five Elements Killing Formation. Then they slowly They sank into the Five Elements Killing Formation and disappeared completely. The Five Elements Killing Formation was like a black hole, completely swallowing them up, but he didn't react at all.

Wen Wenhai stared at all this blankly. He really couldn't believe what he saw with his eyes. This really surprised him. The power of this Five Elements Killing Formation was completely in their hands. It was unexpected. They never thought that this formation would kill all the snakes so easily.

Then Wen Wenhai saw that those black giant pythons also rushed over. They also rushed towards the Five Elements Killing Formation, but their fate was the same as other snakes. They were directly swallowed by the Five Elements Killing Formation. There was not even a splash of water, which made Wen Wenhai and the others secretly frightened, but also extremely surprised.

"Huh, I really didn't expect that this Five Elements Killing Formation would be so powerful. It's so surprising. But it's just right. Let those snakes see how powerful our Blood Killing Sect is. They thought they could do it in vain. Absorbed the energy of our Blood Killing Sect without paying any price? Now they should know how powerful our Blood Killing Sect is." Chang Jun laughed and said, he was really happy now, a mouthful in his mind The bad breath finally came out.

Wen Wenhai also let out a long breath, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, this is really too unexpected. Now I almost know why the boss never uses this kind of magic circle. This kind of magic circle is really too It's overbearing. Did you see that after those snakes went in, it was impossible to come out? It was as if a huge force was following them, pulling them into the formation. It was impossible for them to escape. It was amazing. .”

Chang Jun laughed loudly and said: "This is good, let those snakes know how powerful they are, hahaha, great, we can have a good rest for a few days, and then we will carry out the Five Elements Killing Formation on the outside We're setting them up, and then we can kill all these guys."