c7062 pause

Wen Wenhai sat behind the table in the conference room and said to everyone: "Everyone, the Five Elements Killing Formation has now been built. I think everyone has seen its power. It can be said that our major problem has been eliminated. We can It’s time to move on to the next step, let’s all talk about what we’re going to do next.”

Chang Jun was the first to speak: "Is there any point in saying that? Although the Five Elements Killing Formation cannot allow our energy weapons to work, we can definitely open the formation directly, let the Blood Killing Battle Fort go out, and then On our periphery, we are setting up a larger Five Elements Killing Formation, and then we can clean out all the snakes in the formation. Then we are expanding externally. In this way, by expanding externally step by step, we can give this interface to Got it."

Everyone nodded. They had the same idea. Wen Wenhai did not object at all. He nodded and said: "The Five Elements Killing Formation is an unparalleled weapon. We can really make good use of it. Elder Jiu Suan, you Is it okay for us to do this?" Wen Wenhai knew very well that the power of this Five Elements Killing Formation still depends on the elders of the Nine Counts.

Elder Jiu Suan smiled bitterly and said: "Everyone thinks so well. The Five Elements Killing Formation is not so easy to arrange. If we just build some small bases on the periphery, and then use those small base cities as the formation eyes When it comes to setting up a large formation, it's okay to set up an ordinary shielding formation, but it's impossible to set up a five-element killing formation, and it's impossible for two five-element killing formations to coexist, let alone one surrounding the other. , so if we want to arrange the Five Elements Killing Formation, we must first remove the current Five Elements Killing Formation, and then arrange another one. In other words, we must want to expand, and we can only Using the old method, we first build some small bases on our periphery, then activate the small bases to turn them into a protective formation, and then immediately remove the Five Elements Killing Formation and remove all the snakes in the base. Destroy it and then build a larger Five Elements Killing Formation. This is the only way. It is absolutely impossible to build a Five Elements Killing Formation directly on the periphery."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, and then said: "Of course, this is also because we know too little about the Five Elements Ultimate Array. If we can understand the Five Elements Ultimate Array better, if we can If the Five Elements Killing Formation is further improved, it may be able to achieve what Elder Chang said, but it is not possible yet."

When Chang Jun heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, he couldn't help being very surprised. He immediately said: "Is this the only way? Isn't it very difficult for us to expand?" Chang Jun really didn't expect that this Five Elements Jue He did not expect that the killing formation would have so many restrictions. If this was really the case, then this five-element killing formation would be really different.

The old man Jiu Suan smiled bitterly and said: "That's not all, because the Five Elements Ultimate Array cannot be used together with our original protective array, so the small base we arranged on the periphery can activate the protective barrier, but the protective barrier cannot be used. The strength is definitely not as strong as the shield activated by the base as the main magic circle before. If those snakes attack with all their strength, it is very likely that the outer shield will be broken. In that case, if we have not activated the Five Elements Killing Array If so, then the base here would be dangerous, so this Five Elements Killing Formation is good, but it limits our hands and feet. If those snakes don't absorb energy too fast, I really don't want to use it. Such a big formation.”

Wen Wenhai frowned. He had completely understood the meaning of the words of the old man Jiu Suan. This Five Elements Killing Formation was good and had strong defensive power, but it had too many restrictions. As it stands now, In terms of stage, this Five Elements Killing Formation protects them, but it also restricts their movements. If they want to expand, it will be more difficult than before.

After a while, Wen Wenhai looked up at the crowd and said, "Everyone, I think we should slow down a bit. Our expansion has been very fast during this period. I think it's time to slow down our pace. There are five elements." With the protection of the killing formation, we will not worry about our own safety, and the Shenji Camp is taking the time to study the Five Elements Killing Formation, so why should we expand in such a hurry? The sect leader said that these interfaces are just our blood. The Killing Sect is just a place used to train troops, so we might as well stop and we won’t expand. We will only send our disciples and the Blood Killing Battle Fort to fight those snakes, so that it can serve as a training ground, everyone. What do you think?"

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, they couldn't help but be stunned, and then they all nodded. Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, we can wait now. Anyway, we are not in a hurry. We just need to wait until Elder Wen and the others kill the Five Elements." The formation has been thoroughly studied and improved. By then, it will not be too late for us to attack. Now we are training troops. I agree with Elder Wen’s suggestion. Let’s see.” Chang Jun is also a very calm person. He was a little excited before. , after listening to the words of the old man Jiu Suan, he immediately calmed down his mentality, so he said this.

Everyone nodded, and they knew very well that things could not be rushed or moved forward blindly. That was absolutely not possible. It was also time to stop and take a rest. They were training while waiting. As long as they waited until the Five Elements Killing Formation. Once it can be used, it's time for them to attack, and then their attack will be unprecedentedly fierce.

When Wen Wenhai saw that everyone was nodding, he said excitedly: "Okay, everyone has no objections, so it's decided. Let's not rush to attack now, and just wait slowly until Elder Wen comes." Get ready, we are discussing the attack." Naturally, no one would object, and they all agreed.

"Hahahaha." A sudden burst of laughter came, and everyone followed the sound and found that Zhao Hai had appeared in front of the room door at some unknown time. He looked at everyone with a look of relief, and everyone looked at them Seeing Zhao Haitong, they all stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. They did not expect that Zhao Hai would suddenly appear.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, just waved his hands, and then said: "Okay, don't be so polite, everyone, please sit down." After saying that, he also walked to the front, and Wen Wenhai immediately gave up his seat. Zhao Hai was asked to sit there, but he sat on Zhao Hai's left side.

Zhao Hai nodded at Wen Wenhai, then patted his shoulder hard, and then sat down. Then he glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "I know everyone is very strange, why do I appear here?" Here, I can tell you that I am here because I am happy. I am really happy. I am happy for me. I am happy for the Blood Killing Sect. I am also happy for you. You have not let me down. You Well done, very well done, especially the last decision, which is the reason why I came to see you."

He paused for a moment, looked at everyone and said: "I have been watching you. I know you may have some confusion. The Blood Killing Sect and I, Xuanwu Space and me are almost one body. Why do I Isn’t it superfluous to ask you to complete this battle independently? In fact, that’s not the case. I am also preparing for the future.”

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "We haven't arrived at Wanshan Realm yet. Faxiang can be used in Wanshan Realm, but we are not very familiar with the fighting method of Faxiang. In addition, Wanshan Realm There are many sects in the Mountain Realm, and there are also Shadow Clan. Everyone has fought with the Shadow Clan many times, and they know the Shadow Clan very well. The Mountain Realm was completely captured, which shows that the sects in the Wanshan Realm are not that simple."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "In this way, when we arrive at Wanshan Realm, we will face huge pressure. Don't forget, whether it is the various sects or Shadow Clan in Wanshan Realm, , they all have grudges against us, and they will definitely deal with us together. When the time comes, we will be very dangerous, and you must stand alone. If you don’t have such ability by then, it will be terrible for our Blood Killing Sect. It's not a good thing. Although I can command everyone, don't forget that whether it is Wanshan Realm or Shadow Clan, there are many masters. These guys are very powerful. If I am entangled, and If you don’t know much about this situation of commanding battles, it will really be a disaster for our Blood Killing Sect.”

Then he looked at everyone and said: "This is just one reason, the other reason is the inner space. Shi Jin and the others have said that in Wanshan Realm, the masters have their own inner space, just like the one we are in now The place is the same. This is also the inner space refined by a powerful person from Wanshan Realm. This inner space is very important for a master. It may be related to ascension. Although you can all follow me in the Xuanwu Space. Ascension, but if you want to rely on your own strength to ascend, then I will not object. At that time, you must have your own inner space, and there will be people in your inner space. At that time, then you must It is very important for you to independently command the people in your inner space to fight, so I must let you learn how to command an army alone to fight."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, glanced at Wen Wenhai, and said: "You did a very good job this time. You know how to stop at the critical moment. This is very important to you. It's very important." Well, it is your decision this time that I will come out to see you. In fact, up to now, you are already invincible. Don’t forget, you only used our Blood Killing Sect. It’s just half of the combat power, and even if you have your own inner space in the future and can lead the army independently, you are also members of the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect will give you the strongest support at any time, so until now, In fact, it is equal to victory, so I came to see you, and I am really happy for you, because you have completely fulfilled my requirements, even better than I imagined."