c7065 self-protection

Chang Jun naturally heard this voice, and his face became very ugly. He immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "Old Wen, we can't wait any longer. We will send someone to respond immediately. If the loss this time is too great, , we have no way to explain to the sect master, I don’t believe that with the strength of my disciples, we can’t save them.”

Wen Wenhai nodded immediately, then he picked up the communication array and said loudly: "Baiyan, he will personally lead the reserve team and attack immediately. He must bring Chen Chu and the others back in the shortest possible time. , Hurry, Elder Ding, you will lead the people immediately and gather 10 billion disciples as a back-up team. If Baiyan and the others fail to rescue them immediately, you will lead the people to attack immediately. You must kill them. Save people."

Bai Yan and Ding Chunming agreed, and they immediately went to prepare. Bai Yan led the five billion people in the reserve team, ready to rush out of the Blood Killing Sect's base at any time. At this time, the old man Jiu Suan also opened the He opened the Five Elements Killing Formation, but just when Old Man Jiu Suan opened the Five Elements Killing Formation, countless black snakes suddenly appeared outside the Five Elements Killing Formation. These black snakes were not very long, only five They are about three feet tall and their arms are thick, but they are completely black, as if there is smoke coming out, which is very strange. These black snakes are the same black snakes that cut off the retreat of Chen Chu and his team. These black snakes seem to appear suddenly. In the same way, he suddenly appeared on the periphery of the Blood Killing Sect, and then rushed directly into the Blood Killing Sect's base. As soon as he entered the Blood Killing Sect's base, he immediately disappeared.

As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "A snake has sneaked in, everyone be prepared, Baiyan, you go out first, leave the snake that enters the base to us." Baiyan responded, and immediately commanded the army to rush outward. While rushing outward, they kept paying attention to their surroundings. Once they found something wrong around them, they could attack immediately.

They now know that those black snakes can become invisible. Sure enough, with the white eyes flying outward, the disciples are attacked from time to time. Those black snakes will only appear at the moment of attack. , as long as you lose your attention even a little bit, you will be attacked by him immediately. His attack is very violent, accurate and ruthless.

Those black snakes have four dagger-like teeth in their mouths. The attack power of these teeth is very amazing. If they hit the joints of the armor of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they may be bitten through, and the blood will be killed. The disciples of the sect will be injured, and their injuries seem to be poison, which will make people faint immediately, and they are very overbearing.

Although the armor of Blood Killing Sect disciples can play a very good defensive role, many disciples are not used to wearing that kind of armor that covers the whole body. They always feel that such armor will affect their health. Action, so their armor and joints are generally exposed, so there are many injuries.

They will faint immediately after being injured, but when they are faint, they will be immediately protected by their external incarnations. This is reserved by the Blood Killing Sect in the external incarnations of their disciples. It is a protective mechanism. Once a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect faints and loses consciousness, his external avatar will immediately protect him. This protection will not be released until it is sure that he is safe.

At the same time, while protecting them, we will also use some magic circles in the external incarnation to treat them. These treatments include internal injury treatment, external injury treatment, detoxification treatment, curse removal treatment, etc. It can be said that as long as If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't die on the spot, they usually won't die.

Soon the fainted Blood Killing Sect disciples woke up and found that they were being protected by their external avatars. After learning about the situation, they realized that they had actually been poisoned by a kind of curse poison, the so-called curse poison. It is a combination of poison and curse. You are affected by both the curse and the poison, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will faint. If they had not used the curse array, and this method The formation is still in their energy magic formation incarnation, and is connected to the magic power on their bodies, otherwise they would not be able to wake up so quickly.

Although they woke up quickly, they had lost the opportunity to follow Bai Yan and the others out to rescue people, which made them very angry. However, they still woke up and reported the situation immediately, and Wen Wenhai also immediately Just know that the snakes that sneaked into the Blood Killing Sect's base actually used curse poison, which gave them all a headache. At this time, Wen Wenhai had to turn his attention to the old man Jiu Suan. He looked at Jiu Suan. The old man said: "Elder Nine, is there any way to use the magic circle in our base to find those snakes? If those snakes are allowed to lurk here all the time, then it will be really difficult for us. It’s too dangerous.”

As soon as the old man Jiu Suan heard what he said with a white eye, he immediately said: "Okay, I will prepare right away and I will definitely find those snakes." As soon as he finished speaking, some of the larger snakes in the sudden base There was a sudden explosion in the magic circle, and then the magic circle exploded directly, and the shadow of a black snake disappeared from the place where the magic circle was destroyed.

As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said loudly: "They want to destroy our magic circle, hurry up, activate the self-protection ability of the magic circle, hurry up." Wen Wenhai was this time. I'm really anxious. If their magic circle is really destroyed, it means that their base is also destroyed, and then they are really doomed. By then, the Five Elements Killing Formation disappears, and they will have to face those... The snakes kept attacking. In this case, it was impossible for them to deal with those snakes as easily as they did now.

Others also noticed this. Old Man Jiusuan's face was a little ugly, and then he immediately showed his true body. Then the runes on his body flashed, and each rune entered the magic circle, and At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others went directly to the old man Jiu Suan to protect him.

Sure enough, several snakes wanted to attack the old man Jiu Suan, but they were all eliminated by Wen Wenhai and the others. Finally, as the spell from the old man Jiu Suan was completed, a blue light suddenly and slowly rose up in the entire base. Colored rays of light, and finally these blue rays of light, seemed to turn into water at once. The water filled the entire base, and the entire base seemed to have turned into an ocean at once.

Wen Wenhai and the others didn't quite understand why Old Man Jiu Suan set up such a magic circle at first, but when he saw the water lines with bubbles in the water, he immediately understood that those lines with bubbles It goes without saying that the water line must be those snakes that have entered the Blood Slaughter Sect base, and they are absolutely unmistakable.

At the thought of this, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but feel happy, and then a suit of armor appeared on their bodies. This armor was the incarnation of their bodies, and these armors had the ability to repel water. At the same time, They can also move freely in the water. It can be said that the armor made by the external incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect is definitely the most versatile armor.

After Wen Wenhai put on the armor, he immediately said loudly: "Old Ding, clean up all the snakes that have entered the base. You should know how to do it." Ding Chunming, who had already led the people to complete the assembly, immediately He responded. He was also a man who had experienced many battles. Of course he knew what to do. Those water lines were where the snakes were. They only needed to attack those water lines to take care of all the snakes.

Not only him, but all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew what to do. They immediately dispersed according to each group and began to attack all the invisible black snakes that entered the base, and those black snakes also discovered Realizing that they could no longer hide their figures, they immediately began to gather together and attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, if they had the chance, they also wanted to destroy the magic circles on the ground of the Blood Killing Sect.

But now they want to destroy those magic circles, but it is almost impossible. The people of the Blood Killing Sect will not give them a chance, because there is a layer of energy on top of those magic circles to protect them. This layer The energy is very special. It looks like a layer of ice, but it is much stronger than ice, so it is impossible for them to attack those magic circles.

There were many snakes that entered the Blood Killing Sect base, but compared to the number of Blood Killing Sect disciples, they were definitely not many. Soon, all the black snakes that entered the Blood Killing Sect's formation were destroyed by Wen Wenhai and the others. After killing those snakes, Wen Wenhai and the others turned their attention to the sky, where the projection on the shield was still there, and they could see the situation outside.

Now Baiyan is leading reinforcements like Chen Chu and his army to kill them. Of course, they have been being attacked, and those who attack them are those snakes that can become invisible. These snakes have very strong stealth capabilities. , very decisively, using this water-type magic circle to force those snakes out of their original shape. It is absolutely impossible for them to eliminate those snakes so easily. Even if they are all eliminated now, the old man Jiu Suan The water formation has not been removed. They are still searching to see if there are snakes hiding somewhere. After all, if those snakes are invisible, they will be transparent. It is not easy to be discovered in this water. If they don't move, it's really not easy to find them. If they have been lurking somewhere and jump out at the critical moment to give the Blood Killing Sect a hard blow, the consequences will be really unimaginable. , so now Ding Chunming and the others are conducting a dragnet-style search of the entire base.

The old man Jiu Suan is also cooperating with Ding Chunming and others in the search. However, the overall situation in the base is now settled. All that is left are the later matters. There is nothing to worry about. What you have to worry about now is the situation outside. Although Bai Yan and the others have been moving forward , but the speed is not very fast, and Chen Chu and the others are still fighting hard with those snakes, but the quality of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is nothing to say. Although they are now surrounded, they still stick to the formation and fight with those snakes. , although there were casualties, the formation was not chaotic at all.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.