c7073 meaning

Wen Wenhai was sitting in the conference room with a smile on his face. He looked at the people below and said with a slight smile: "Although we failed to repel those giant pythons in this battle, we also did not let those giant pythons invade. Among our Blood Killing Sect, such results are really beyond my expectation. Everyone performed very well, very well, showing the bravery of our Blood Killing Sect disciples and their ability to adapt to the situation. It also showed, to be honest, I am really happy.”

Everyone's faces also showed expressions of satisfaction. They were all at the command level. They had made some plans, but the actual execution of these plans were ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so from the perspective of those disciples Through their performance, they can see whether their plan is successful. At the same time, they can also see how strong the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are now. And now it seems that the strength of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is still very good.

Chang Jun also spoke at this time: "Although our casualties this time are not small, these casualties are inevitable. The performance of the disciples this time is really good. They have done their best, and Through this battle, we got to know those giant pythons better. Those giant pythons not only swallowed other snakes, but also had the ability of other snakes. This is very worthy of our attention."

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "Let's talk about it, everyone. Is there any better way to deal with those giant pythons? Now we don't dare to use any energy to deal with those giant pythons. The curse is The power and Buddha power will be directly absorbed by him and become more powerful. They can also absorb non-attributed power, and the snakes can also absorb various attribute powers, because they absorb all other snakes with attributes. They have been devoured, so if we want to deal with them now, it is simply impossible to use energy weapons, because energy weapons are of no use to them."

Everyone nodded, and they all discovered this. How to deal with those snakes has now become a big problem, but Bai Yan stood up at this time and said in a deep voice: "Elder Wen, I have a I found that maybe this situation can be changed, and it should be more effective to deal with those big snakes."

When he heard what he said, everyone turned to look at him. Wen Wenhai was even more interested and said: "Oh? What can I do? Tell me." Wen Wenhai really wanted to hear it. Is there any way? You must know that they really don't have any good way to deal with those big snakes now.

Baiyan nodded, then he glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "In fact, we have killed the disciples with the most powerful attack method, but everyone has not used it before, and has ignored this. Son, that is intention, sword intention, knife intention, these intentions that our disciples mistakenly come out of are the best way to attack those snakes."

At this point, he rolled his eyes for a moment, then he looked at everyone and said: "Almost every one of us blood sect disciples will have the process of realizing the meaning, and each of them has achieved this, but the attack of the meaning Methods, in large-scale battles, are somewhat invisible. Recently, when our Blood Killing Sect is fighting against others, all the battles have been large-scale battles. In the process of such battles, , even less people use it."

Wen Wenhai and the others fell silent. In the past, the understanding of sword intention, sword intention, and various intentions was very important for a monk, because whether it was sword intention or sword intention, it would increase the monk's combat effectiveness. Likewise, Under such circumstances, a person who knows sword intention is infinitely better than a person who does not know sword intention, so intention is also very important to a monk.

Of course, this does not mean that there are only sword intentions and sword intentions in the world of cultivation. In fact, in the city of cultivation world, every attack method has its own intention. This depends on the skill you practice. It is determined by the law and the weapons used, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the past would realize their own meaning.

But although this kind of intention is realized by almost everyone, it can also be strong or weak. Some people's intention is very strong, while some people's intention is very weak. There is no way around this. Things, and this kind of strong and weak meaning, when used on the battlefield, the effect is not very good. On a large-scale battlefield, the most important thing is that when attacking, it is best to be uniform. At least if one person's strength is too strong, it will be difficult to cooperate with the people around him, and it will be easy. Giving the enemy an opportunity to take advantage of, it is precisely because of this that when the Blood Killing Sect fights with people, almost no one will use the attack of intention, because the gap between intention and intention is too obvious, and large-scale combat is not used.

Especially after the Blood Killing Sect has the Buddha's Power Metal, when the light brain in the Blood Killing Sect's external incarnation can directly help the Blood Killing Sect's disciples fight, when the weapons in their hands can be ever-changing, meaning Its usefulness has been greatly weakened again, and now almost no disciples know how to use it.

But now Bai Yan suddenly raised his intention, which surprised Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai looked at Bai Yan and said, "Is intention really that good against the attack power of those giant pythons?" Wen Wenhai did not intend to attack. He had passed those giant pythons, so he didn't know how effective it was, and from what Bai Yan said, it seemed that he had tried it, so Wen Wenhai naturally wanted to ask carefully.

Bai Yan immediately nodded and said: "Yes, Elder Wen, I have tried it, and the effect is very good. We use ordinary attacks, which may take ten times to achieve the effect, but only use intentional attacks, and it only takes one time." Once it is achieved, if you understand the meaning deeply, then the attack power will be even stronger."

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but his eyes lit up. He stood up suddenly, looked at his eyes and said, "Really? That's great. We didn't attack the enemy intentionally before because all the disciples had weak intentions." , and everyone has different meanings, but these can all be solved. We can gather people who use the same meaning and have similar strengths to form a team, so that the problem can be solved. Hahahaha, look. Come to our Blood Killing Sect, there are really endless treasures, just waiting for us to dig them."

Everyone also laughed. They all knew why Wen Wenhai said this, because this kind of mind training was led by Zhao Hai in the past. All disciples must understand power. They can practice sword skills and sword practice. You can even go to the Tao characters written by Zhao Hai to understand. These are the best ways to understand the meaning. Yi is actually a monk. To understand your own Tao, you must have enough understanding of your Tao. Only by understanding can you realize the intention, and when the intention attacks, you also need to concentrate your essence, energy, and spirit to use it, so the attack power of the intention is so strong.

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have realized the meaning, but there are also some who are strong and weak. Therefore, no one in the Blood Killing Sect has ever thought about directly using the meaning in large-scale battles, because the realization of the meaning , in fact, it is not directly related to a person's strength. A person's strength is very strong, but he may not realize his intention at all. Some people are not strong, but he realizes his intention. , so the strength of intention has little to do with the strength of strength.

It is precisely because of this that it is almost impossible to use Yi in large-scale battles. Just imagine, a person who is very powerful in his own right will naturally face very powerful enemies, but if he is surrounded by Following a person who is very weak can only become a drag on him. Even if the two of them care about the same understanding, they cannot fight together.

But now, there have been some changes in this situation. This change is due to the emergence of external avatars. The external avatars used by the Blood Sect disciples now have very strong power and can help the disciples fight. This is equivalent to making the gap in strength infinitely closer. It is not impossible for strong people and weak people to fight on the same level. For the people of the Blood Killing Sect, It's definitely good news.

Baiyan waited until there was silence in the conference room, and then he said: "Elder Wen, this time I not only tested the attack power of the will against those giant pythons, but I also did another test, that is, how to control the will. In conjunction with our external incarnations, I discovered this can be done.”

This time Wen Wenhai and the others were even more surprised. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Tell me carefully, this meaning can be combined with our external incarnation? How?" Wen Wenhai was really surprised. Byakugan has always been on the front line directing battles. He didn't expect that he could do such an experiment. This was really beyond his expectation.

Baiyan said solemnly: "Actually, it's very simple. The method we used to combine the power of the Yin and Yang Thunder Pond in the external incarnation with our own magic circle is almost the same, but it's the other way around. Use the power in our yin and yang thunder pool. If we want to combine our mana, we must draw the power out of the yin formation thunder pool, and then let this power enter the incarnation of our energy array, and then enter our In the Dharma Appearance, it is finally combined with our own Dharma Power. But this time if we want to use the power of intention, we must do the opposite. We must introduce the power of intention into our Dharma Appearance. The Dharma Appearance will affect this The power of intention is further blessed, because our Dharma images are almost the same as the power of our intention. The power of intention that supports this will be more powerful, and then this power is introduced into the incarnation of our energy array. , after the power of this intention enters the incarnation of the energy array, it will be blessed at once, and then from the incarnation of the energy array, it is introduced into our external incarnation, so that the power of our intention will Combined with the power of the yin and yang thunder pool in the incarnation outside the body, it becomes a very powerful force. This force is dominated by the power of mind, and coupled with the power of the yin and yang thunder pool, it will become very powerful and attack those The effect of snakes is also the best. One such attack can withstand tens of thousands of ordinary attacks. I have personally tested this and can confirm it."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.