c7078 good news

When they heard what Zhao Hai said, Laura and the others couldn't help being stunned. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai was thinking about this matter now, which surprised them all. But then Laura smiled and said: "Hai. Brother, you are overthinking. I think you did nothing wrong before and you are not doing anything wrong now. Let’s put it this way. Before entering the snake world, how many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew about the existence of the Rubik’s Cube Formation? How many people know that there is a three-dimensional magic circle? Without your teachings, would people like them who are famous have established Shenji Hall? Will Shenji Hall conduct such systematic research on the magic circle system? If there was no previous one If the system is accumulated, can Shenji Hall create a new energy array in such a short period of time? Without you, all this would be impossible. You have been teaching them and letting them After completing a certain level of accumulation, when they have accumulated enough, you give them a chance, and they will naturally show their due strength? So Brother Hai, don’t think too much, can they be where they are today? , it’s all because of you, and if they want to go on, they must rely on you. Without you, they may not know what to do next.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he was stunned at first, but then he burst into laughter. He put his arm around Laura's waist and said: "Yes, you are right, I think too much, I said Well, this time is a test for them. I didn’t expect there would be such consequences. In the future, we can be more relaxed and arrange more work for them."

Laura smiled and said: “Yeah, from now on you just need to be a good person at the helm, and you don’t have to do everything by yourself. This way we will have more time together, and you will have more time to use it. In terms of training, as long as we keep control of the direction of the Blood Killing Sect, I believe the Blood Killing Sect will continue to move forward without any mistakes."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, we won't decide that way, but before that, we should study this magic circle first." Naturally, Laura and the others would not object, and they immediately Returning to their own light brain, they began to deduce the magic circle in front of them.

But at this time, Wen Yuming had arrived at the Blood Slaughter Sect base in the Snake World. At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others were still having a meeting, studying the possible attacks by the snakes of the Shadow Clan. They had already thought about it. A lot of plans were made, and they were all recorded. After the meeting was over, they were distributed. Unexpectedly, at this time, Yu Yu came to the conference room after hearing the name.

When Wen Wenhai saw Wen Yuming coming, he was stunned at first, but then he was overjoyed. He immediately stood up and said to Wen Yuming: "Lao Wen, you are here, but what good news do you have?" Wen Wenhai He is really very happy. He knows very well what kind of person Wen Yuming is. Wen Yuming is definitely a person who can forget everything for his own mission. If he fails to complete his mission, he will usually He will not leave the laboratory. There have been examples like this before. He did not complete his task and did not show up when Zhao Hai had a meeting.

But now he has a mission, which is to study the Five Elements Killing Formation. When there was no progress in the Five Elements Killing Formation, it was absolutely impossible for him to appear here. But now that he is here, there is only one possibility. , their research has made progress, and the Five Elements Killing Formation may have been cracked by them.

Wen Yuming looked at Wen Wenhai and said with a smile: "Our Shenji Hall has designed a new Five Elements Killing Formation. This Five Elements Killing Formation is completely under our control. I have gone I met the sect master, who also approved our plan and agreed that we would immediately rebuild the magic circle here at the base."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Yu Ming said, he couldn't help but be overjoyed. He immediately said to Wen Yu Ming: "Okay, great. Just tell me what needs to be done now. The war outside is about to end now. It's just right. We can rest for a few days to improve our magic circle. Before, we were worried about how those snakes would deal with us. If we have this new magic circle, it will be much easier for us."

Wen Yuming smiled slightly and said: "You don't need to do anything, just let the people from our Shenji Hall do it. As long as you don't attack outside these days, we can attack the magic circle in the shortest time." The reconstruction is completed." Wen Yuming is very confident, because this kind of magic circle was designed by themselves. They really know this kind of magic circle very well. They know very well that the function of this magic circle is What kind of thing? Using the existing magic circle, as long as some changes are made, it can be turned into a new magic circle. This is where his confidence lies.

Wen Wenhai immediately nodded and said: "This is no problem. You can do it at any time. We will fully cooperate." Just after Wen Wenhai finished speaking, Bai Yan came in from the outside, and he went to Wen Wenhai and the others. Yili, although his appearance is still so ugly, his demeanor now gives people a completely different feeling.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Bai Yan coming in, he immediately said to Bai Yan: "How was it? How was the battle this time?" This was the first time they used the power of mind to attack those giant pythons. Wen Wenhai also I really want to know the outcome. Although the fighting situation outside was very good when they were outside, those snakes are not dead creatures. They can also change their moves. Wen Wenhai is still a little worried.

Baiyan smiled and said: "The effect this time is very good. After the combination of mind and external incarnation, in addition to improving our attack power, it seems that our defense power has also been greatly improved, so this battle , the result is still very good, we lost very little, but killed a lot of colorful pythons."

Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and said: "Okay, great. In the next few days, I have heard that they want to rebuild the magic circle, so we won't go out to fight anymore. You also happened to organize the disciples to conduct a summary. We There are some plans here, you should take them and take a look." After saying that, Wen Wenhai rolled his eyes at a jade slip.

He took the jade slip with a white eye, but turned to look at Wen Yuming with a look of surprise: "Elder Wen, is it true? You have really made the new magic circle? That's great." Of course Bai Yan also knew what Wen Wenhai said about the new magic circle, that's why he was so happy.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "We have just completed the test. After the improvement of the magic circle is completed, this new magic circle should be the first magic circle for our Blood Killing Sect's mountain-protecting formation for a long time to come." He was also very happy to be famous. This was the most incredible achievement of their Shenji Hall.

Baiyan nodded vigorously, looked at Wen Yuming with excitement and said: "Great, Elder Wen, this magic circle appeared just in time. With this magic circle, we will be inseparable." We are defeated, great." Bai Yan was really very happy, because although they had never been at a disadvantage in the battle with those snakes these days, their situation was actually not very good. Because in the first battle, they all had to open the mountain-protecting formation, which was also risky for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. If they didn't need to open the mountain-protecting formation every time they fought, then they wouldn't be able to do it at all. There is no need to activate the defense system in the base. As long as they can freely enter and exit the magic circle, then they can do it. They can advance, attack, retreat or defend, making themselves invincible.

Wen Yuming said with a smile: "Don't worry, the new magic circle will be rebuilt soon, you don't have to worry." When Bai Yan heard what Yu Ming said, he nodded excitedly, and then turned around after hearing Yu Ming's words. He turned to Wen Wenhai and said, "Elder Wen, I will go back to organize people and rebuild the magic circle right away. You don't have to worry." After that, he saluted Wen Wenhai, then turned and left.

At this time, Bai Yan also saluted to Wen Wenhai and said: "Elder Wen, I'm going to make some preparations, let the disciples make a summary, and also take a good look at these plans." After speaking, he said to Wen Wenhai Hai and the others bowed and turned to leave. Now Bai Yan was really excited.

When Wen Wenhai saw the two people leaving, he also said to the others with a smile on his face: "Let's not be idle anymore. Let's go and help Bai Yan and the others." After saying that, he stood up and walked out, and everyone else also They stood up and walked out after him. They knew very well that there had just been a big battle and there were many things to deal with. How could they not show up at this time.

Later, Wen Wenhai and the others also learned the result of this battle. Only over 20,000 disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were killed in battle. This battle loss ratio was already the lowest in so many days. However, the number of big snakes they destroyed was over 100,000. , such a battle loss ratio is already very astonishing. You must know that each of the big snakes is very huge. More than 100,000 big snakes are already a very impressive number. If they wanted to kill them before, These big snakes would have to lose at least the same amount of blood to kill the disciples, but today they only lost more than 20,000 people. The battle loss ratio of one to five is already very remarkable.

Wen Wenhai and the others first went to see the injured disciples. Those injured disciples have almost recovered now. The healing skills of the Blood Killing Sect are not just for fun. In the Blood Killing Sect, ordinary people Disciple, as long as you are not dead, you can usually be revived. Even if your arm is chopped off, or even eaten, and completely disappears, they can also use some medicine to revive the limb. Let your limbs stay alive, so being injured is not a big deal to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, it is still very painful when you are injured, and there will also be some pain when you treat the injury, so Wen Wenhai They first came to see these injured disciples to see how they were recovering and whether their emotions were still stable. After all, these Blood Killing Sect disciples were injured on a real battlefield, not in a real illusion. It actually has a great impact on their emotions.