c7071 evolution

While Zhao Hai and the others were busy, changes also occurred in the Snake World. After Wen Wenhai and the others found a way to protect themselves, the fighting in the Snake World actually returned to its original state. People would attack every day, and then after fighting for a period of time, they would return to the Blood Killing Sect's base, and the two sides would fight back and forth.

But this time Wen Wenhai and the others were more careful. The incident with the invisible snakes last time had given them a warning. Those snakes were not just like this. They would undergo countless changes, and there might be more. There are countless kinds of snakes coming to deal with them, and they must be prepared to fight them.

Facts have proved that their worries were completely correct. There were indeed changes in the snakes. On the seventh day after they improved the base, changes occurred in the snakes. Those snakes that initially died because of the black snakes devouring each other The giant pythons that appeared began to devour them. This time, the objects of their devouring were all other snakes. Snakes of various attributes, including invisible snakes, were all within their devouring range.

And their devouring was also very regular. They only devoured one snake of each attribute. After the final devouring, the giant pythons changed at once. Their bodies became thicker and longer, and at the same time, their Colorful colors also appeared on their bodies, and they looked very beautiful. The most important thing was that there was a sharp horn on their heads, and the color of this sharp horn was golden, and the sharp horn was very long. It's like a spear.

These changes were all seen by Wen Wenhai and the others in the projection of the base. As soon as they saw the changes in the snakes, Wen Wenhai and the others knew that the snakes were evolving and becoming more terrifying, so they had to You have to be careful. After seeing those snakes change, Wen Wenhai immediately called everyone to the conference room. They had to have a good discussion about what they should do after these snakes changed like this. What a reaction.

After everyone arrived in the conference room, Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I think everyone has seen the changes in those snakes. Now let's talk about how we should respond. It's for sure. , those snakes must have become stronger this time, and with the sharp horns on their heads, everyone, our enemies have become stronger at once, and they have become much stronger, what do you think?"

Everyone was silent for a while, and rolled their eyes for a while before speaking: "Those sharp horns on the snake's head must have very powerful attack power, and their combination this time will make their magical attacks even more powerful. These two We need to pay attention to all these points. As for what other methods those snakes have, we don’t know yet. After all, those snakes have just been upgraded and we haven’t fought with them yet. It’s impossible to know what those snakes can do just by inference. Is there any means?"

Everyone nodded. It was indeed the case. They had not fought with those snakes before and did not know what methods those snakes had. It was indeed impossible for them to rely on inference to know what methods those snakes had. Yes, only through fighting will you know what fighting methods those snakes have.

Chang Jun said: "We don't know the methods of those snakes yet, but it is certain that they will become stronger. And I don't know if you have discovered that there is a big difference between the snake world and the sound wave world. In the sound wave world, In the Snake World, we are facing opponents one level after another, and we seem to be constantly breaking through levels, but here in the Snake World, there seems to be only one opponent we have to face, and that is the power of the law here."

"Where did those snakes come from? They were made by the power of law. Are we trying to break through? No, the snakes we face are actually all made by the power of law. And how do they become stronger? Devouring each other Those who become stronger, those who absorb energy and become stronger, it can be said that they are evolving, evolving independently, so from the beginning to the end, we face only one enemy, and that is the power of law here in the snake world, he is constantly Changes, he is getting stronger based on our weaknesses. If this is really the case, then the snakes becoming stronger this time are probably targeting our weaknesses."

At this point, Chang Jun paused for a moment, and then said: "Our Five Elements Killing Formation has almost no weaknesses, but it is only almost. I don't know if Foli can enter the Five Elements Killing Formation. , if you can enter the Five Elements Killing Formation without being attacked, then the Five Elements Killing Formation is no longer safe. Even if those snakes will not invade the Five Elements Killing Formation, they will This attack is also aimed at us. Don’t forget that the ones we are fighting now are all ordinary disciples. Although their fighting power is strong, their impact is obviously not as strong as the bloody battle fortress, and those The snakes have sharp horns on their heads. Let’s not talk about anything else. This alone is enough to show that the impact of those snakes will change. At this stage, if our disciples fight with those snakes face to face If we fight against each other, I’m afraid we won’t get any advantage, right?”

Wen Wenhai frowned and said, "Old Chang, what do you think? Why don't you just say it outright? How about we all discuss it?" Wen Wenhai really wanted to know what Chang Jun meant, what Chang Jun said These are all very reasonable and true, but these words are a bit demoralizing, so he doesn't quite understand what Chang Jun means.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "This is an opportunity." After saying this, he paused for a moment, then he glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "The sect leader has already said that we may encounter difficulties in the future. In various situations, he can't always protect us, and we can't always let the sect master protect us. In that case, we will only become a drag on the sect master. So this time, for us, it is actually a chance."

Having said this, Chang Jun paused for a moment, and then said: "The enemy has mutated, what it looks like, and what abilities it has. Now we don't know at all. Although there are some speculations, they are just guesses. There is no It is of no practical use, but we cannot retreat and must catch up. Only in this way can we truly grow."

Chang Jun glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "It is impossible to know everything about the enemies we encounter in the future, so we must learn how to face such unknown enemies and how to survive in battle. Only in this way can we become stronger by making some changes, so we still have to fight the enemy. There may be some losses in this battle. We must all be mentally prepared and make it clear to all disciples. The enemy this time will definitely be very powerful, so they must be prepared."

When everyone heard what Chang Jun said, they all nodded. They understood what Chang Jun meant. Now it seems that the enemy's mutation this time has a great impact on them. The enemy's attack power may become stronger, but this time It is indeed a good opportunity to train disciples. When they fight with the enemy after the Blood Killing Sect, it is impossible for them to fully understand the enemy before taking action, and it is impossible for them to have a bloody battle every time. Bao followed them to fight together. In this case, what would they do if they encountered an enemy with a particularly strong impact? Now is such an opportunity. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must learn to fight without knowing much about the enemy and when the enemy's impact is stronger. Only in this way can they truly grow up and truly become masters.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Old Chang's words are very reasonable, and I think it should be the same. We are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. We should not be afraid of anyone, and we will not be afraid of any battles. So we have to fight this battle, I don’t think anyone will object, right?”

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai continued: "That's good, let's all go down and prepare. Tomorrow we will attack as usual and let all the disciples be prepared. If the opponent's attack power is really strong, Don’t fight head-on with the opponent, learn how to fight in this situation, go ahead.”

Everyone agreed, then stood up and walked out. When everyone left, Wen Wenhai turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, if we do this this time, we will definitely cause a lot of casualties. Do you think the boss will blame us for this matter? We didn't have to go to war originally. As long as we were in the Five Elements Killing Formation, the enemy should not be able to attack us. Now that we forcefully go out to fight, we can only It will increase casualties, is this really a good idea?”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "We must do this, and the sect master will also support us. As long as we make the disciples stronger now, we can truly not be afraid of any enemies in the future. Do you want everyone to become the sect master all the time?" A drag? Aren't you afraid that one day the sect master will really feel tired and give up on us? If we don't want to be abandoned by the sect master, we must keep up with the sect master's footsteps and become the strongest supporter of the sect master, instead of We have been letting the sect master drag us forward, and we must move forward with the sect master, or push the sect master forward. Only in this way can we truly become the sect master's assistants."

Wen Wenhai looked at Chang Jun and laughed suddenly: "Okay, Old Chang, what you said is really good. We really can't be a drag on the leader. Alas, to be honest, there are some Old brothers, they can no longer keep up with the leader. Although the leader has not completely given up on them, their own abilities cannot keep up and they no longer hold any important positions in the sect. So you are absolutely right. We cannot be a drag on the leader, we must keep up with the leader."

Chang Jun nodded and didn't say anything. What he told Wen Wenhai was the truth, and what Wen Wenhai knew about the situation, he also knew that there were indeed some old brothers from the Blood Killing Sect who could no longer keep up with them. Now, those people can only be idle elders. He doesn't want to be that kind of person, so he must work hard to keep up with Zhao Hai's footsteps.