c7076 test

Zhao Hai is sitting in the space. He has now calculated all the changes in the Rubik's Cube array. Now he is studying the magic array. He wants to study out how their formations will change when the magic array is constantly changing. How much talisman energy should be used? For example, if the circular array is originally circular, but if the circular array is turned into an oval or square, then the positions of some of the talisman in the array will change, and they The position of the array has changed, and the energy released from the array talisman must be adjusted accordingly. Otherwise, the energy balance of the entire array will be broken. In that case, the array will be considered a failure, and now Zhao Hai is studying this.

If the circular array becomes an oval, then the energy released by the array symbols at the two pointed positions of the oval must be stronger, so that the energy of the entire array can reach a balance. After all, this There is still some loss in the process of energy transmission.

If the round magic circle becomes a square, then more talismans need to be adjusted in energy. Some talismans in some places need to release more energy, while some need to be reduced, and those who want to make the talisman If the power release fully meets the requirements, then there must be a measurement unit for the energy of the array talisman. For now, Zhao Hai plans to use this measurement unit, and each degree of energy released from the array talisman is almost equivalent to ten This will give all disciples a direct understanding of the power of the Jin, which will have a huge impact on the changes in the magic circle.

Subdivide the power of the magic circle, so that when the disciples arrange the magic circle in the future, as long as they tell how much power the magic circle inputs, they will almost know what to do, and in the future, they will adjust the strength of the magic circle. , and there is a basis for this, which Zhao Hai plans to popularize throughout the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai is not doing research alone, Laura and the others have also been following him in research. They can be said to have become a research group, and now they are planning to form magic circles in various shapes, with each array talisman The ratio of energy release intensity. For example, after the circular array becomes an ellipse, the energy release intensity of some array symbols at the top of the two ends of the elliptical array that need to increase energy release is compared with the energy release intensity of some array symbols in the center that have unchanged energy release. The proportions of these need to be calculated. Only in this way will the disciples have a theoretical basis when arranging these arrays in the future, and then make adjustments based on some actual conditions.

In other words, what Zhao Hai and the others are doing now is to study various formulas, and then distribute these formulas to all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. After they learn it, when they set up the magic circle in the future, They will make some adjustments to the magic circle based on these formulas.

After a while, Laura cheered, and then said loudly: "Okay, the energy ratio of the rectangular array has been calculated. The lowest point is 1:0.25, and the highest point is 1:7.8. This span is not It's small." The rectangular array that Laura refers to refers to the energy release ratio of the array symbols at each position after the circular array is transformed into a rectangular array. This span is indeed not small.

Zhao Hai and the others immediately gathered around and looked at the results of Laura's plan. After Zhao Hai carefully looked at the results of Laura's plan, he also nodded and said: "Very good, there is nothing wrong at all, so fast. Just calculated the proportions of the rectangular array, you are really awesome, come on, give me a kiss."

When Zhao Hai said this, the other girls also started to cheer, but Laura's pretty face turned red. She had followed Zhao Hai for many years, but Zhao Hai rarely joked with her like this, so now when she heard Zhao Hai She was a little surprised when Hai said this, but she also felt very sweet. But Zhao Hai laughed and kissed Laura on her lips.

Different from the joyful atmosphere of Zhao Hai and others, the atmosphere here in Shenji Hall is now very solemn. Everyone is looking at a small five-element killing formation in front of them. This five-element killing formation is passing by. After countless improvements, countless experiments, and countless failures, they recreated a test array. This array was created after they deduced countless data and found no problems. Of course, this is also a product after countless improvements. Although there are no problems with data derivation, they still don't have much confidence, because the magic circle they failed in before did not have any problems with data derivation. , the result was a failure during the test, so this time they did not have much confidence, but such a test must be done, because you will never succeed without testing, even if it fails many times, they Experimentation is also necessary.

This time the test was conducted by Wen Yuming himself. He stood in the middle of the small magic circle, and then said solemnly: "Okay, activate the magic circle." The assistant beside him responded and started the magic circle directly. , as the magic circle was activated, a layer of translucent gray mist surrounded Wen Yuming and his assistants. Then Wen Yuming nodded to the people outside the magic circle, and the people outside immediately took the Various things were thrown into the magic circle. These things had various properties. However, after these things hit the magic circle, they all disappeared, just like a drop of water melting into the sea. In the blink of an eye, In a short time, it was assimilated and disappeared by the sea, becoming a part of the sea.

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "The magic circle is operating normally, let's conduct an external attack test." After saying that, he turned around and glanced at the assistant beside him. The assistant immediately took out something like a staff, and then the magic circle The light flashed, and the next moment a fire dragon appeared on his staff. However, this fire dragon was very small, only as long as a human arm. Then the fire dragon rushed directly outside, and this was also the most critical step. , all the previous experiments failed at this step, so now everyone is looking at the fire dragon with nervous expressions on their faces.

The fire dragon swung its head and rushed towards the outside of the magic circle, getting closer and closer to the gray fog, and finally hit the gray fog directly. When the fire dragon hit the gray fog, everyone felt their own His breathing stopped, and then he saw the fire dragon submerged into the gray mist. The next moment, a fire dragon came out from the other side of the gray mist and hit an elder of Shenji Hall in front of him.

The elder of Shenji Hall didn't seem to react, and he even forgot to block it. He watched the fire dragon flying towards him, his eyes flashing with excitement, as if the fire dragon was not here to attack him. It was like a pet that was close to him, and he didn't feel any danger at all.

Fortunately, the people around him reacted at this time, and with a wave of their hands, they scattered the fire dragon. Then the whole room was filled with cheers, whether it was people inside the magic circle or people outside the magic circle. , there was a burst of cheers, and everyone knew that this meant that their experiment was successful this time. Although the entire experiment was not completely completed, it was at least a good start.

Wen Yuming also reacted at this time, and he immediately cheered: "Okay, great, come on, hurry up." Following his voice, the assistant beside him also responded excitedly, and then Several more spells were used, all of which were magic beasts. These magic beasts all hit the gray fog, and then they all got out from the other side of the gray fog and attacked those in the Shenji Hall. passed.

The people in the Shenji Hall were naturally prepared this time. They all laughed and destroyed the magic beasts with a wave of their hands. Then they looked at Wen Yuming and waited for them to continue the experiment. Wen Yuming At this time, his assistant directly stretched out the magic staff in his hand towards the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. When his staff reached into the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation, nothing happened at all. After he took it out, he found that there was no change, and everyone cheered even louder.

Then the assistant stretched the magic circle in again, and then took it out. The staff was still fine, but everyone cheered again. They knew very well that this time the staff followed. This time it is different. This time the staff has an inner space. Now that the staff is fine, it means that the inner space of the staff is also fine. That means that all the large magic weapons of the Blood Killing Sect, They can all pass through the Five Elements Killing Formation without any problems.

But then everyone became quiet. They all looked at Wen Yuming's assistant. Wen Yuming's assistant also took a deep breath, then he put away his staff, slowly walked to the edge of the gray fog, and then He slowly stretched out his hand towards the magic circle, and everyone held their breath. They knew very well that this was dangerous. If the Five Elements Killing Formation was not perfect, then his hand would be useless.

The man's movements were also very slow. He paused when he was about to get close to the gray mist. Then he gritted his teeth and reached into the gray mist. Everyone's breath was suffocated. Then they saw the man. There was no expression of pain on his face. When he looked at the transparent gray fog, he found that the man's hands were intact in the gray fog and could still move freely.

This time, a louder cheer came, and the assistant also pulled his hand back, looked at his hand carefully, found the problem, and then put his hand in again. At this moment, he heard Wen Yu Ming laughed loudly, and then strode into the gray mist. Everyone was shocked. Before they could stop them, Wen Yuming had already walked out of the Five Elements Killing Formation, which also made everyone sigh in relief. .

Before they could say anything, Yu Ming took out a formation disk. After starting it, he threw it directly at the Five Elements Ultimate Formation. At this time, everyone was silent and stared at that piece. Formation disk, they want to see the final result of that formation disk, because they know very well that that formation disk is the key. The Five Elements Killing Formation, if you walk from the inside out, you will not be attacked, but This situation can be changed, that is to say, if they make some adjustments to the Five Elements Killing Formation, you will be attacked if you walk out from the front, and that formation plate is actually equivalent to a Key, take this key with you and you can freely enter and leave the Five Elements Killing Formation.