c7077 formation

The formation plate passed through the gray fog and fell into the magic circle. When they saw this situation, everyone was happy again, but the next moment everyone became nervous, because the real person test was about to be carried out next moment. It originally seemed like For such a dangerous experiment, Zhao Hai asked people from Shenji Hall to conduct the experiment with monsters, but this time the situation is quite special. This kind of magic circle that can pass through the Five Elements Killing Formation, the energy released, There must be a carrier, and this carrier is not the external incarnation of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, that is, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If they want to freely enter and exit the Five Elements Killing Formation, they must use the armor made of the external incarnation to protect themselves. It only works if you wrap it up, otherwise it will definitely not work.

It is precisely because of this that the test this time must be carried out by real people. Of course, such a test is also very dangerous. If their magic circle energy is not available, the person who tests it will be a person with a severed hand at the least. feet, so everyone suddenly became nervous again.

Just when Wen Yuming was about to take action, he saw his assistant rushing forward quickly. His whole body was already covered with armor, and this time he didn't hesitate at all, and directly put his armor-covered hands on He reached directly into the gray fog of the Five Elements Formation. Wen Yuming did not scold him, but looked at his hands, which were still intact in the helmet fog. As soon as they saw this situation, everyone cheered again. So far, their Five Elements Killing Formation has been completely tested successfully.

Wen Yuming also laughed loudly, and patted the assistant's shoulder hard. The assistant also laughed loudly, and then rushed directly into the Five Elements Killing Formation and appeared in the formation, and his whole body was , was not injured at all, and then he rushed out of the array again, and then took out another test material and threw it into the array. The material disappeared immediately. This proved that the array Has been running very well.

Wen Yuming smiled and nodded once, and then said to his assistant: "Okay, let's dismantle the magic circle. I will write a report and report this matter to the sect master immediately. The next step is to study the Five Elements." The ultimate energy weapon. This is the most important thing. Okay, let's go get busy." Everyone responded and then left. They still had a lot of work to do, but they could have a good rest today. Suddenly, because the Five Elements Killing Formation was finally conquered by them.

While Zhao Hai was still busy calculating the transformation array in the Rubik's Cube Array, he suddenly received the news that they had completely controlled the Five Elements Killing Array. This news really surprised Zhao Hai. , he believed that they could control the Five Elements Killing Formation after hearing about it, but he did not believe that they could not control the Five Elements Killing Formation so quickly. This was really beyond his expectation, so Zhao Hai was a little surprised. .

He came out of the space immediately. He knew very well that completely controlling the Five Elements Killing Formation was also a big deal. Now that they are famous for doing it, it is naturally the best. In the future, the Blood Killing Sect will do it again. You can use this method to deal with the enemy, instead of having to open the Five Elements Killing Formation before you can attack the enemy like now.

When Zhao Hai arrived at his room in the Xuanwu Space, Wen Yuming was already waiting for him outside. He immediately asked Wen Yuming to come in from the outside. After Wen Yuming entered Zhao Hai's room, he immediately rushed to Zhao Hai's room. Zhao Hai saluted and said: "I have met the Sect Master. Sect Master, we have succeeded. The Five Elements Killing Formation has been completely cracked by us. Sect Master, please take a look." After saying this, he handed a jade slip to Zhao Hai.

After Zhao Hai took the jade slip, he took a look at the contents. He was really curious and wanted to know how Wen Yuming controlled the Five Elements Killing Formation. How could the Five Elements Killing Formation be controlled? It's not that easy to control. He had never thought of controlling the Five Elements Killing Formation before because it was too troublesome.

But when Zhao Hai's mental power entered the jade slips and saw the methods used by Wen Yuming and others, he couldn't help but cursed secretly. He was such a pig, and he didn't even think of using this method to control the Five Elements Killing Formation. Speaking of which, Wen Yuming's method of controlling the Five Elements Ultimate Array is actually very simple. They have re-established a complete array similar to the Five Elements Ultimate Array. Although this array looks... It seems to be very similar to the Five Elements Killing Formation, but in fact, it has changed a lot.

For example, if the original Five Elements Killing Formation is a virus in your computer, although it interrupts the program, it is only used to destroy it. It is completely out of your control. It will only destroy the programs in your computer. thing, you may know its existence, but you have no way to control it, unless you kill him, and killing him is equivalent to destroying the magic circle and it cannot be used. This is the original Five Elements Killer Big array.

But the new Five Elements Killing Formation is equivalent to a program controlled by others, just like an anti-virus software. It can remove all programs that are not recognized by the system, but programs that are recognized by the system will not be affected. Any influence, this is the new Five Elements Ultimate Formation.

Although their functions are similar, their essences are actually different. One is completely uncontrolled and the other is controlled. The new Five Elements Ultimate Array is just based on the principles of the Five Elements Ultimate Array. The designed magic circle has nothing to do with the original Five Elements Killing Formation.

The original Five Elements Ultimate Array was like disordered garbled code, and the new Five Elements Ultimate Array was like a complete year program. Of course, it would be wrong to say that the original Five Elements Ultimate Array was completely disordered. No, it's just that he is too chaotic and has no way to control it. As for the new Five Elements Ultimate Formation, although there are a lot of energy turbulence in it, these chaos are caused by man-made things and can be controlled. .

It is precisely because of this that this new Five Elements Killing Formation allows people from the Blood Killing Sect to come and go freely. This is very important, and because this Five Elements Killing Formation is completely unheard of. It was designed and built by Yu Ming and others, so they are actually very clear about the way this energy operates. That's why they are so confident that they can create the Five Elements Killing Energy Weapon.

Zhao Hai put down the jade slip, couldn't help but sigh, turned to Wen Yuming and said: "Lao Wen, to be honest, what you did this time is really good, very good, I really didn't expect it, You are actually able to achieve this level. You are equivalent to fully understanding the energy operation method of the Five Elements Ultimate Array, and then redesigning it. They only use the attack method of the Five Elements Ultimate Array, but with The Five Elements Killing Formation has nothing to do with it anymore, I didn’t even expect this, what you did this time is really great, very good.”

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but reveal a smile. He immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Thank you for the compliment, Sect Master. This is what we should do. Sect Master, you see now we can Has this new Five Elements Ultimate Formation been deployed?"

Zhao Hai nodded, threw the jade slip to Wen Yuming and said: "Go and install the new Five Elements Killing Formation as soon as possible. You have made a great contribution this time. I am really very happy." ." Zhao Hai is really very happy this time. He has also discovered now that it seems that after he delegated power and stopped caring about the Blood Killing Sect, the potential of the people of the Blood Killing Sect was actually stimulated. He rolled his eyes at first. , proposed various changes and ideas for the magic circle, as well as the results of intentional and external incarnations, and then Wen Yu and others completely controlled the Five Elements Killing Formation, as well as Wen Wenhai and their leadership abilities, All of them have been reflected. Even the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect themselves have begun to study with all their strength how to make the body armor more powerful. These are things that Zhao Hai did not expect.

Zhao Hai now has some doubts, whether he had too much control before, so he suppressed the potential of the disciples who had killed him, so that their potential could not be realized. If that is really the case, then he is really I feel sorry for these people, so although Zhao Hai is happy, he is also reflecting on his behavior.

After Wen Yuming took the jade slip, he immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Yes, please rest assured, lord, we will do it right away. At the beginning of the design, we took into account the problems after the expansion of the magic circle. These five elements Although the ultimate formation is very powerful, it is actually composed of some basic magic formations. Whether it is modified based on the existing magic formations or expanded externally, there is actually no problem. Please Sect Master, don’t worry.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, go ahead and explain the universal magic circle to all the disciples, and use the same method. Don't let our disciples be affected by our magic circle." You're injured, go ahead." Wen Yuming responded, saluted Zhao Hai, turned around and left.

Looking at Wen Yuming's leaving figure, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh. Then he returned to the space, but he didn't start researching immediately. Instead, he sat there, thinking about his own things quietly, and he was like this The method was naturally discovered by Laura and the others. Laura and the others also put down their research and gathered around Zhao Hai. Laura looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Brother Hai, what happened? What happened? What's going on? Didn't I say that they have already researched the Five Elements Killing Formation? What? Is there anything wrong?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "No, there is nothing wrong. They did a good job. This new five-element killing formation is also very perfect. It is almost the same as the formation we used before, but the defensive power is different." Even more powerful, it can be said that they did better than I imagined, but this is what I don't understand. I used to be in charge of the Blood Killing Sect, and I would take care of everything in the Blood Killing Sect, but at that time, No matter whether they are famous for it or look down on them, they are not as good as they are now. But now that I don't care about things, I completely leave the Blood Killing Sect to them, but they are much better than before. Yes, this is what I don’t understand. Did I do something wrong before? Did I manage it wrong? Did I suppress their talent? I don’t understand. "