c7070 dig

For the Rubik's Cube Array, it is even more impossible to use physical energy lines, because the Rubik's Cube Array is almost always changing, and the Rubik's Cube Array is all composed of people. In this case, How do you use energy lines? Aren't you afraid that all the energy lines will get entangled? If that is really the case, it would be dangerous. If one energy line is entangled, the energy in the two energy lines will blend together, and eventually there will be an energy conflict, which is too dangerous.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai did not accurately use energy lines in the Rubik's Cube Array. This was also impossible, so Zhao Hai was still prepared to use a three-dimensional array that could not be arranged with energy lines. Although It is not completely impossible for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to use energy lines. After all, they have external incarnations, and their external incarnations can become larger or smaller at will, separate energy lines and retract energy. Of course, the line is no longer a problem.

But in this process, the changes in the magic array will be affected to a certain extent, and the changes in the formation of the Rubik's Cube will also be affected to a certain extent, and may even affect the speed of change of the Rubik's Cube. This is absolutely undesirable. If the Rubik's Cube If the speed of change of the formation is affected, the combat effectiveness will definitely be weakened, which is putting the cart before the horse.

The magic circle only plays an auxiliary role for the magic cube array. Without the magic circle, the power of the magic cube array is still powerful. However, if the magic cube array is affected and it is only for the magic circle service, then it is still necessary to arrange it. What is the purpose of the Rubik's Cube Array? Can't it be enough to just set up the magic array?

Although the magic array battle formation is also a kind of battle formation, the power of this battle formation is not as powerful as the magic cube battle formation. It can be said that the magic array battle formation is actually a battle formation suitable only for defense. This battle formation requires It is very difficult to move. When defending, everyone must stand in their own positions. If you want to take action, the entire battle formation needs to move together, which is very fatal.

The Rubik's Cube is flexible and can be used in almost any environment. Of course, it cannot be used in a restricted air environment, but it should be able to be used now. After all, the rules can already be used in the Rubik's Cube. Wheel, with the protection of the power of the blood-killing magic circle, even in a forbidden air environment, I believe it is possible to have a large magic cube array, but it will require more energy to deal with the forbidden air law.

Once the Rubik's Cube Formation loses its flexible changes, its power will be greatly affected. This impact is very fatal for the Rubik's Cube Formation, so the Rubik's Cube Formation must not be sacrificed for the magic circle. Losing flexibility is undesirable and will destroy the Rubik's Cube array.

It is precisely because of this consideration that Zhao Hai plans to calculate all the changes in the Rubik's Cube Array, and then design the corresponding array based on the shapes after these changes. In this way, various aspects of the Rubik's Cube Array will be All changes will have a certain pattern. No matter what changes occur in the Rubik's Cube Array, the disciples in the Rubik's Cube Array will know what methods to use to increase their combat effectiveness.

This possibility was absolutely impossible to realize in the past, but it is different now. Now this possibility can be used, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect already have optical brains, as long as they Store this information in your brain, and when it is time to use it, your brain can naturally retrieve all this information and tell those disciples what they should do. Wouldn't this possibility be realized?

But it is not an easy task to do this. First, it is very difficult to calculate all the changes in the Rubik's Cube Array. Then according to these changes, design the corresponding magic array. If it comes, it will be even more difficult, so Zhao Hai is very busy.

Of course, the people who know the most about the Rubik's Cube Array must be Laura and the others. They were the ones who created the Rubik's Cube Array, so they also know the most about the various changes in the Rubik's Cube Array. Therefore, Zhao Hai is calculating When the Rubik's Cube formation was changing, Laura and the others were always helping. Even now, they are also helping with calculations.

Moreover, Laura and the others also know a lot about the magic circle, especially the three-dimensional magic circle. Therefore, this research can be said to be carried out by Zhao Hai and Laura. They believe that they will succeed. Yes, it can definitely be done, they have the confidence.

While Zhao Hai and the others were studying how to integrate the magic array into the Rubik's Cube formation, Wen Yuming and the others were also busy. What they were busy with now was the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. They must integrate the Five Special Ultimate The killing formation has been thoroughly studied, so that he can become a weapon of the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Yuming, they really didn't know why Zhao Hai didn't use the Five Elements Killing Formation before, but when they started to study the Five Elements Killing Formation, they discovered what a great achievement it was. Cheng, the Five Elements Killing Formation can be said to be a very perfect formation, and the more perfect something is, the more difficult it is to modify it.

After the Five Elements Killing Formation has been trained by Zhao Hai, he can block almost all the energy in the world. The energy released by the entire formation is a layer of energy turbulence. This layer of energy turbulence can make all people enter All the energy in this turbulent flow was destroyed by the turbulent flow, and finally integrated into the turbulent flow and became part of the turbulent flow, making the turbulent flow even more powerful.

This may seem like nothing, but when they studied in depth, they discovered that although the turbulent energy flows seemed chaotic, they were actually orderly and controllable. For example, a A wave of energy entered the energy turbulence of the Five Elements Killing Formation. The energy turbulence surrounded him, but there were only two types of energy to deal with this energy turbulence. One was the energy that entered the turbulence. Energy with the same attribute is energy with the opposite attribute. The two energies work together to decompose the energy that enters the energy turbulence.

The energy in the turbulent flow can actually be controlled. If you want the energy to gather there, it can gather there. However, if you want to completely command them, it is also very difficult. It is like, those Turbulence is a soldier, and you are a general. You can direct those soldiers to gather there, but if you want those soldiers to do exactly what you want, it is almost impossible.

And if you really want to control all these turbulences, then the Five Elements Killing Formation will be useless. Why should the Five Elements Killing Formation deal with the enemy? It is these turbulent flows that depend on it. If you control those turbulent flows, it is equivalent to bringing order to those turbulent flows. With order, there will be opportunities for the enemy, and the power of the Five Elements Killing Formation will be lost.

If you want to make those turbulent currents work, but also make the Five Elements Killing Formation obedient, this is a difficulty. Wen Yuming must find this balance point. Only by finding this balance point can they truly control it. This energy, make this energy work for them.

This is just one difficulty. The second difficulty is that they also want the energy of the Five Elements Killing Formation to become the energy in one of their energy weapons. This is even more difficult. How can they even do it now? There is no way to control this energy, let alone use this energy as a weapon.

If you want to use a kind of energy as a weapon, you must learn to control it, but you can't even control it now, let alone use this energy as a weapon, so they are very famous recently. Busy, they have been studying the Five Elements Killing Formation, but the progress is not very smooth.

Wen Yuming and they were also very anxious, because Wen Wenhai and the others were waiting for Wen Yuming to launch his Five Elements Killing Formation. Only if they could control the Five Elements Killing Formation could they expand externally. As for the Five Elements Envoys, Wen Wenhai and the others have not yet thought about using the energy in the killing formation as a weapon.

Ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples are also very busy now. They are busy fighting. While they are busy fighting, they are also busy with another thing, which is how to tap the power of the incarnation outside themselves. Now this has It has become one of the favorite things for Blood Killing Sect disciples to do.

None of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are fools. After so many battles, they have already discovered that it seems that they have not fully exerted the power of the external incarnation. If they can really use the external incarnation to If their power is fully unleashed, their combat effectiveness will become very powerful.

It is precisely because of this discovery that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now think about how to maximize the power of their external incarnations whenever they have time, so various methods have been developed. Well, some people directly use their external avatars to set up a magic circle around themselves to protect themselves, and then fight with the enemy. Some people let the armor transformed from their external avatars increase their strength. Strength and speed make one's attack power more powerful. Some people turn themselves into armor to increase their defense power and turn themselves into an iron can. There are all kinds of methods. Research, and as far as the current situation is concerned, these methods seem to be good.

But it was precisely because they found that these methods were good that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect understood that they still had not maximized the power of the external incarnation. The external incarnation still had endless potential to tap, so they became even more They were so interested that they even spontaneously formed groups. These groups were to study how to make the incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect exert its greatest power. Among these groups, there were even some elders who joined them.

Regarding this situation, Zhao Hai is actually happy to see it succeed. There are many ways to cultivate, some people rely on their own strength, some rely on magic arrays, some rely on magic weapons, and some even rely on elixirs. In the end, they will all reach the end. It is understandable for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to do this now. After all, the enemies they are facing now are very terrifying enemies, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not strong enough now, so in this step At this time, it is very necessary to tap into the power you have on hand as much as possible.