c7072 strain

The Five Elements Killing Formation of the Blood Killing Sect slowly opened, and groups of Blood Killing Sect disciples appeared. They were lined up in a neat Rubik's Cube formation, their eyes shining brightly as they looked ahead. Everyone is wearing full body armor, and under their saddles is a full-metal war horse. On the top of the war horse's head, there is a long sharp horn.

This war horse is not a real war horse. It is a war horse incarnated outside of their body. It can be said to be a puppet. The reason why they want to transform this kind of war horse is just to use this kind of war horse as a magical weapon. Because this kind of war horse can increase their impact, the enemy said that even if they want to deal with them, it is very difficult to attack them head-on. Because there are war horses in front of them, so now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Everyone transformed into a tall metal horse. When charging, the sharp horns on the metal horse's head can directly attack the enemy. If the enemy attacks them from the front, the metal horse's head can also help them. Block the attack.

It is precisely because of these many benefits that each of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has made a metal horse. Now they are all cavalry, and their combat effectiveness is much stronger than before. Regarding this situation, Wen Wenhai They didn't stop him. In fact, they wanted to see if the disciples' actions could really improve their combat effectiveness.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also saw their enemies with colorful bodies and a giant python with long sharp horns on their head. Most of these giant pythons were black, but they also had colorful pythons. The pattern, a long sharp horn on the head, and both eyes are red with no other colors, which makes these snakes look even more terrifying.

Before the Five Elements Killing Formation was fully opened, the snakes hissed loudly, and then rushed directly towards the Blood Killing Sect's formation. As soon as the Blood Killing Sect's disciples saw the snakes, they had already rushed over. , they immediately roared: "Kill." Following this voice, they rushed straight towards the giant pythons.

However, in this charge, the Rubik's Cube array was broken into pieces, passing through the front of the snakes and planning to rush past the snakes. It can be said that they now formed a cylindrical array, like a huge Like a cylinder, it was wrapped around the snakes.

Although those snakes were very huge, they were also very flexible. As soon as they moved, they changed their direction. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also immediately changed their formations. Their speed of changing formations was very fast. It's a cylindrical formation, still heading towards the snake cover. This is also a characteristic of the Blood Killing Sect's magic cube formation. In fact, each magic cube formation is composed of countless small magic square formations. Countless small magic square formations, Finally, a large magic square was formed.

The Rubik's Cube Formation formed in this way is actually a whole. When forming the formation, two people who were originally fighting can be easily combined together, because they all know the operation of the Rubik's Cube Formation very well, so in this way When combined together, there won't be any problems, and there won't be any position in the command.

But just when their cylindrical array was heading towards the snake cover, the snake suddenly disappeared. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stunned, but then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately reacted. , the giant python must have used the ability of the invisible snake to disappear. In other words, the giant python has combined the abilities of several other snakes, and its combat power must be very powerful. They must be careful. .

But at this moment, several Blood Killing Sect disciples in the formation suddenly let out a scream. A big hole appeared in their armor, and their whole bodies were directly pierced. At the same time, with him, Several Blood Killing Sect disciples in the same row were also pierced. It was only at this moment that a huge, ferocious snake head appeared next to the Blood Killing Sect disciple, and the other Blood Killing Sect disciples also immediately After reacting, they rushed over and attacked the giant python.

But the body of the giant python disappeared immediately. However, the Blood Killing Sect disciples had already had experience. They knew very well how to deal with this invisible giant python, so many Blood Killing Sect disciples , and directly released the spells. Most of the spells were mainly water-based spells. As soon as these spells were used, the figures of the giant pythons were completely exposed, and they immediately began to attack the giant pythons. attack.

Those giant pythons were obviously very aware that they had been exposed, and they immediately appeared, and then rushed directly towards the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The sharp horns on their heads looked like spears. Pointing directly at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because the two sides were too close, it was impossible for the Blood Killing Sect disciples to hide. The Blood Killing Sect disciples who were facing the giant python immediately used their magic weapons to block the attack. They struck the python's sharp horn with a side attack, hoping to use the python's power to prevent their bodies from being attacked by the python.

But when they blocked the sharp corners of the giant python with their weapons, they found that the sharp corners of the giant python seemed to be weak. They wanted to borrow strength, but they didn't borrow it at all. This made them all stunned, but Then they felt that a huge force hit them directly. It was as if they were hit head-on by the Blood Killing Battle Castle without moving away. All the bones in their bodies were smashed into pieces. , their internal organs were also smashed to pieces. If they weren't wrapped in armor transformed from the body, they would have been smashed into minced meat, but even so, they were killed directly.

In the Blood Killing Sect's army, countless passages suddenly appeared. In each passage, there were countless Blood Killing Sect disciples flying around. These Blood Killing Sect disciples were all knocked away by those snakes. Really Not many people were pierced by the sharp horns on the snake's head.

At this moment, a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect who was standing in front of the giant python suddenly shouted: "Net." Following his voice, his figure flashed to the side, and then the weapon in his hand suddenly changed. Turning into a thick iron chain, the iron lotus flew out of his hand and flew towards the hand of another Blood Killing Sect disciple. The weapon in that Blood Killing Sect disciple's hand immediately disappeared. He grabbed the iron chain with one hand. At the same time, there were many Blood Killing Sect disciples doing the same actions as him. Almost in an instant, a huge iron chain net was formed. formed.

As soon as the big net was opened, the giant python crashed directly into the big net, and then the Blood Killing Sect disciples with iron chains were carried flying one by one, but their methods were not at all effective. No, the speed of those big snakes suddenly slowed down, and it looked like they were going to be trapped by them.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were happy, suddenly the sharp horn on the big snake's head began to rotate violently. The horn was actually soft and could turn. This rotation was not accompanied by several iron chains. They all changed directions and at the same time stabbed several Blood Killing Sect disciples to death.

Faced with this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not panic. The leading disciple immediately shouted loudly: "Strangled." Following his voice, rows of spikes immediately appeared on the iron chains. Then they flew in a fast circle, and the spiked iron lotus immediately turned into a meat grinder, constantly twisting the big snake.

The big snake immediately let out bursts of screams, but the scales on his body were very strong. Although sparks were emitting from the twists and turns, it could still resist for a while, but the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect did not. I planned to just let it go, but immediately more iron chains were wrapped around the big snake. As the iron lotus twisted, the scales on the big snake were finally crushed, and formations appeared on the big snake's body. Arrays of black smoke.

However, the big snake was still struggling. His power was so great that many Blood Killing Sect disciples flew up with him, but it was useless because more Blood Killing Sect disciples would use this method. After dealing with him, the big snake was finally strangled and turned into a puff of black smoke.

The fighting on the entire battlefield was extremely fierce. Giant pythons turned into black smoke, and dead and injured Blood Killing Sect disciples would appear from time to time. When the Blood Killing Sect disciples first started fighting, they really suffered a lot. Unfortunately, many people were killed or injured, but soon they found ways to deal with many big snakes and blocked the attacks of those big snakes.

In fact, both Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai have underestimated the fighting power of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. From the establishment of the Blood Killing Sect to the present, except for a few periods, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have almost always been fighting. After surviving the epidemic, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can be said to be elites who have experienced hundreds of battles. Their ability to adapt to the enemy on the battlefield is much stronger than Wen Wenhai and the others imagined. This battle is indeed Their casualties were more than before, but they quickly made adjustments. Now their casualties are not that many, and they have also blocked the attacks of those giant pythons.

However, they currently do not have the ability to knock out the giant pythons from the Blood Slaughter Sect's base. The two sides are in a stalemate above the base. From time to time, the giant pythons will attack the base twice. Of course, they use spells. This is not good for the base. The threat is not very big. With the current defense capabilities of the base, there will be no problem in dealing with it.

The battle in the sky was still going on, but Wen Wenhai and the others relaxed after watching this battle. The performance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was completely beyond their expectations. They performed so well. It was really This was something they didn't expect, so Wen Wenhai and the others showed relaxed expressions on their faces.

Chang Jun looked at the battle in the sky and said after a while: "Not bad, I didn't expect these guys to perform so well. It seems that our previous worries were a bit unnecessary. What do you think?" Chang Jun said about The performance of those Blood Killing Sect disciples was really satisfactory, that's why he said this.

Wen Wenhai also said with a smile on his face: "Yes, I didn't expect that they performed so well. Their ability to adapt to the situation is really good. We haven't figured out a way yet. They But we have already figured out a way. If we can really complete this upgrade, the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect will definitely be greatly improved."