c7079 Improve

However, Wen Wenhai and the others' worries were somewhat unnecessary. The injured Blood Killing Sect disciples were all in a very good mood. They were even talking and laughing loudly. They did not take their injuries seriously at all, and even They would also make some jokes with their companions, and it was obvious that their emotions were not affected by the injury at all.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw their situation, he felt relieved, but they still went in to say hello to the disciples. This is also the tradition of the Blood Killing Sect. After the first battle, the chief officer must go to the wounded Look there, Zhao Hai did this before, and now Wen Wenhai and the others naturally have to do the same.

After seeing the wounded, Wen Wenhai and the others went to meet those guys who lost their lives in this battle. There was nothing wrong with these guys. Some of them were even very happy. Prepare to transform your own energy into the energy practiced by the undead clan.

After seeing these people, Wen Wenhai and the others directly entered the real illusion. Now if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect want to summarize after the war, they usually go to the real illusion. In the real illusion, No matter how far away the person is, everyone can hear what he says and his appearance can be seen by everyone. It is the best place to hold a meeting.

Now the disciples who participated in the battle are summarizing the battle. They are all talking about some of their discoveries during the battle, such as the fact that the two powers of mind will work together to offset each other's energy, making their attack power more powerful. Reduced, the two forces of mind will cooperate with each other in the battle and will exert greater power. These need to be summarized. Only such summary will make the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect continue to improve.

And just when they started to summarize, Wen Yuming had already led the people from the Blood Killing Sect to the base. They first said hello to the old man Jiu Suan, and then told them about the new Five Elements Killing Formation and the control method. The old man Jiuzuan immediately went to study the new Five Elements Ultimate Formation, while others started to rebuild the Five Elements Ultimate Formation.

This time they are going to rebuild the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. They don’t have to stop the original Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. Now this new Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation is similar to the original Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation, although it seems to have similar effects. , but in fact there is a big difference, so there is no need to worry about energy conflicts at all, because that situation will not occur at all.

The reconstruction speed this time was actually very fast. It only took three days to complete the reconstruction of the magic circle. And the old man Jiu Suan was also completely familiar with the operation and layout of the Five Elements Killing Array, and then he He personally started the new Five Elements Ultimate Formation, and the old Five Elements Ultimate Formation also stopped running at the same time.

However, this approach made the snakes outside think that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were about to attack again, so they started to attack first. However, when they started to rush into the base where the Blood Killing Sect had been killed, they found that the Blood Killing Sect disciples were about to attack again. In Zong's base, a mountain-protecting formation had been set up, and they ran headlong into the Five Elements Killing Formation.

This was a terrible moment. All the snakes that entered the Five Elements Killing Formation were wiped out at once. At the same time, the other snakes were frightened. They retreated immediately, but they looked very nervous. The anger kept roaring outside the formation, as if they were about to attack at any time, but Wen Wenhai and the others knew very well that they did not dare.

Looking at the appearance of those snakes, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help laughing. They were really very happy. With the improvement of this formation completed, they would have the upper hand when fighting these snakes in the future. , they can even use their previous offensive methods at once.

The previous attack method was actually very simple. It was nothing more than building a few small bases outside and then connecting them to the large base formation. In this way, their territory was expanded at once. Now the Blood Killing Sect can actually use it. This method, after all, they now have more than a hundred improved blood-killing battle forts.

But soon Wen Wenhai and the others discovered that their idea was too good. Although their Blood Killing Battle Fort had been improved step by step, the improvements were not complete. In the past, the improvements on the Blood Killing Battle Fort were only the parts on the Battle Fort. Energy weapons, the shield on the battle fort is not the Five Elements Ultimate Array, because the Five Elements Ultimate Array cannot be attacked from the inside out. If it is used on the battle fort, the use of the battle fort will be greatly affected. restrictions, so they are famous for not making further improvements to the battle fort. In other words, the shield of the bloody battle fort is still the original shield, and if those shields go out, they will only become those snakes that absorb energy. The object is of no use at all.

Therefore, if you want those blood-killing battle forts to still be able to go out and fight, it is most important to improve the shields in the battle forts. Now they are known to be busy with this matter. In fact, in Wen Yuming's opinion, as long as the Blood Killing Battle Fort is replaced with the Five Elements Ultimate Array as a shield, it doesn't matter whether there are energy weapons in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. As long as they drive out of the Battle Fort, in If there is an impact among those snakes, those snakes will be finished.

The reason why this method was not used before was because they did not want to be too troublesome. If the original Five Elements Killing Formation was used in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, even though the Blood Killing Battle Fort could also go out and attack those snakes , but when Wen Yuming came up with the new Five Elements Ultimate Formation, they had to make changes to the old Five Elements Ultimate Formation. This was equivalent to spending time all over again, and the original Five Elements Ultimate Formation There is no way to release the magic formation defense line in the Blood Killing Battle Fort with the decisive battle formation. With the addition of the old magic formation defense line, it is not suitable for building a new base, so they are famous for not attacking the Blood Killing Battle Battle. The shield on the fort was modified. They waited until now, when the new Five Elements Killing Formation was created, to improve the energy shield on the blood-killing battle fort.

Everything is proceeding in an orderly manner. The base's mountain guard formation has been improved, and the energy shield of the Blood Killing Battle Fort has been improved. However, at the same time, they also stopped attacking those energy weapons on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Improvements, because they know very well that those energy weapons may need to be improved in the future, and they must be changed into five-element killer energy weapons. If they complete the improvement of all those energy weapons now, then they will have to improve them again in the future. All over again.

Although the improvement of the energy shield on the Blood Killing Battle Fort is going very smoothly, it takes a long time. You must know that there are many magic circles on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. If you want to use so many magic circles, Among the magic circles, it is not an easy task to find the magic circles that need to be replaced. Fortunately, they were directly involved in the design and construction of this bloody battle fort, so for Wen Yuming, this is a great way to find the magic circle. Those magic circles are not very difficult.

However, this improvement has little to do with Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai and the others have begun to fight those snakes again. Now that their new shield has been improved, the war will naturally start again. They began to attack the snakes non-stop. This time they did not have to open the magic circle. Naturally, the snakes could not counterattack at the first time. Therefore, in such a battle, the Blood Killing Sect was always at a disadvantage. Upside.

Just like this, another half month passed. Among the improvements they were famous for, the shields on the Blood Killing Battle Fort were all improved. In other words, the Blood Killing Battle Fort was ready to attack. , they can return to the previous offensive mode. Although many energy weapons on the Blood Killing Battle Fort are still unusable, Skyfire can be used, the iron chain tentacles can be used, and the magic circle defense line can be released. This is enough.

Of course, the current defensive array is actually very different from the original one. The new defensive array has not yet been manufactured, so the current defensive array is actually made up of temporary guest appearances by the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In other words, those puppet disciples will directly become the magic array defense line, and they can also activate the magic array defense line of the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Array, so that they can build small bases protected by the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Array. As long as the small base is connected to the main base, they can complete an expansion.

So just after Wen Yuming and the others upgraded all the shields on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately held a meeting for a while, and this time Wen Yuming and the others also came to participate. The meeting was still chaired by Wen Wenhai. He glanced at everyone and said solemnly: "Now that the mountain protection formation at our base has been rebuilt, and the shield on the Blood Killing Fort has been upgraded, we can proceed. Our next plan is to expand. We must expand. For so many days, we have been just standing still. Although we are training disciples, we have not been able to expand. This is an indisputable fact. We We’ve stayed here long enough, now we can start attacking.”

Everyone nodded. Of course they would not object. They also felt that they should attack. Wen Wenhai then said: "In this attack, we are going to use the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Although only a small part of the energy weapons on the Blood Killing Battle Fort have turned into energy beast weapons, I don't think we need to use them. , a movable Five Elements Killing Formation is the best offensive weapon, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded at once, and they thought so too. Just imagine, no matter what method you use to attack, there is no way to break through the magic circle, and a magic circle that you will die if you touch it. That would be a kind of magic circle. What is the result? Couldn't that be the strongest offensive weapon?

Wen Wenhai then said: "If you don't object, then tomorrow, we will start a new round of expansion. Lao Wen, you don't have to be too anxious about the research on the Five Elements Ultimate Energy Weapons, and I think , the energy beast weapon is also a very good weapon. It is best for you to combine the energy beast weapon with the five-element killer energy weapon and upgrade it at once, so that you can cope with all kinds of battles."