c7074 Fusion

After hearing what Bai Yan said in such detail, Wen Wenhai and the others didn't say anything, and just sat there and started experimenting. Suddenly, the sword energy in the entire hall soared to the sky, making the entire hall seem to shake. The changes also attracted the attention of the disciples outside. However, after Wen Wenhai and the others succeeded, they immediately dispersed their power. Therefore, although the disciples outside were a little surprised and didn't know what these big guys were doing, they didn't react much.

After Wen Wenhai and the others finished trying it, Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Okay, great, I really didn't expect that the effect would be so good. Lao Bai, you can write a report on this method and send it up right away. , I will send it to the sect master. Recently, the sect master is studying the combination of the magic cube battle array and the magic circle. He may not have time to take care of us here. Otherwise, if we make such a big noise, it is impossible for him to not know about it. Now we can only Maybe we sent it to him."

Baiyan smiled and said, "I've already written it." After that, he took out a jade slip and handed it to Wen Wenhai. Bai Yan has been following Zhao Hai for a long time. He knows very well that for things like this, it is best to write a report and send it directly to Zhao Hai. After Zhao Hai reads it, he will make corresponding arrangements, or It was to promote or store it, so he had already prepared it and gave it to him directly.

As soon as Wen Wenhai waved his hand, the jade slip flew into his hand, and he directly said to everyone: "I will go to see the sect master now and report this matter. Everyone is waiting for my news. If the sect master thinks this method can be used, If it is promoted among the entire sect masters, then we will be very busy." After saying that, he moved and disappeared directly into the conference room.

But no one else in the conference room left. Everyone knew that there would be news soon, because Zhao Hai could not delay this kind of thing for too long, so everyone They are waiting for news from Wen Wenhai, but they believe that Wen Wenhai is likely to let them promote this method to the entire sect.

They were chatting about the situation on the battlefield in the conference room while waiting for news. Less than a quarter of an hour later, Zhao Hai had already appeared in the conference room. People in the conference room really did not expect that Zhao Hai would actually The meeting came in person, and everyone stood up and saluted Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded, then looked at Bai Yan, and then laughed loudly and said: "Okay, Bai Yan, I really didn't expect that you are so smart and thought of this method, good, very good, this You made a great contribution once. This method of yours will make our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have a qualitative leap in combat effectiveness. Good, very good. I will give you a great merit this time."

When Bai Yan heard what Zhao Hai said, he looked very excited. He immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Thank you, sect master. This is what I should do. It is my duty to contribute to the Blood Sect." It's something." Bai Yan is very clear that after this incident, his status in the Blood Killing Sect will be greatly improved. Even if it is not as good as Wen Wenhai and the others, it is probably not much different, and this is also Just what he hoped for.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Okay, don't talk about those useless things. What's yours is yours. What you did this time is indeed very good. I'm very happy. This method must be promoted and made available to all disciples." We must learn them all, and then follow their strengths to re-divide the teams. This matter cannot be delayed and must be done immediately.”

Everyone responded in unison, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Pay attention to the distribution of strength. If the levels of meaning are similar, but the strength is very different, don't divide them together. Select strong candidates and let them form a team. No matter what their intentions are, let them form a team. They are already qualified to fight those giant pythons alone. The other people can be re-divided into teams. This can It is not a simple matter, so you should not attack now. Focus on this matter. When the army is reorganized, it will not be too late to attack."

Everyone responded in unison, and Zhao Hai continued: "But remember, although Yi can increase the disciple's combat effectiveness, the battle formation must not be lost. In such a large-scale battle, if the battle formation is even If you don't have any, you will be at a great disadvantage. Even if you are very strong, if no one cooperates with you, you will not end well in the end, so you must pay special attention to this aspect and tell all your disciples. clear."

Everyone responded at once, and they also knew that it would be absolutely undesirable to give up the battle formation because of the use of intentional attacks. The role of battle is very huge, especially in such large-scale battles. At this time, the role of the battle formation becomes even greater. Therefore, in a large-scale battle like this, the battle formation is the foundation. The use of intention is only to improve the combat effectiveness of the disciples. The battle formation cannot be destroyed because of the use of intention. That's not worth the loss.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and didn't say anything. He just nodded and then disappeared with a movement of his body. Wen Wenhai and the others didn't say anything more and were about to promote the entire sect. It's a matter, they must promote this matter in the shortest possible time.

Of course, the happiest person among them was Bai Yan. This time, Zhao Hai said several good words to him. Although he did not give them any special promises, everyone knew that what Bai Yan did this time was indeed to make Zhao Hai Hai was very happy. Bai Yan's status in the Blood Killing Sect will definitely be very high in the future.

However, although Bai Yan was happy, he did not express anything and was still doing his own thing. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered another upgrade. This time, they allowed them to completely integrate their thoughts into their bodies. Incarnation, this will make them more powerful in combat.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have all learned how to introduce the power of the yin and yang thunder pool in the external incarnation into their own bodies. Now they are using their mind in the external incarnation. Naturally, there is nothing wrong with it, and each of them has I have used it carefully, so naturally there will be nothing unaccustomed to it.

Of course, if you want to completely integrate your mind into your external incarnation, you also need to conduct some experiments, and the best place for the experiment is naturally in the real illusion, and Wen Wenhai and the others can naturally pass it. Real Illusion knows the strength of all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then combines their strengths to divide them into teams.

Among them, a group of people with the strongest strength and strongest intentions were selected. These people will form a special team, and this team will be led by Ding Chunming. Sheng Si is also in this team. There are also some original masters in the Blood Killing Sect, some of whom Zhao Hai selected before, who need special training, are now all in this battle, even Li Wenying is the same.

Although Li Wenying's current strength is not very strong, and he has not been very strong in comprehending the intention, his strength is really good, and he has comprehended the most common sword intention, but when combined with the skill of Shen Ji, This also greatly increased his combat effectiveness and made him very powerful.

Of course, there are also many masters in the Blood Killing Sect. These are also very powerful, and their understanding of intention is also very powerful. They have not shown it before, and with the use of external incarnations, they can do what they intend. The use is not so obvious, and this time the effect of the intention is fully reflected, these people naturally show their own value.

After five days, the upgrade of the Blood Killing Sect was completed. This upgrade was just to integrate some of the original energy in the Blood Killing Sect. However, this integration made it possible to The fighting power of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has become extremely powerful, and it has also provided a way for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to unleash all the power of their external incarnations.

Of course, this time Wen Wenhai and the others also learned how many different opinions there were among the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, they never thought that there were almost thousands of different opinions among the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. There are all kinds of intentions, and some people's intentions are very insidious. For example, their intention is speed, and their body can move thousands of miles in an instant. Some people's power is poison. It is hard to imagine that poison can also be used. Becoming a kind of intention, but this is true, poison has really become a kind of intention. When those disciples use intention, they can actually turn themselves into a poisonous person, and the space around his body will be filled with poison. It's really terrible that it has become a toxic space.

As for the more common intentions, there are sword intentions and sword intentions. These intentions are relatively common, especially the sword intentions. There are many sword intentions used by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They are actually related to the Eight Styles of Blood War. They are based on the The sword intent was cultivated through the eight bloody battles, so when their sword intent came out, they would be filled with murderous intent and waves of blood.

But there are many sword intentions. This sword intention is very weird. There are all kinds of sword intentions, such as fast sword intention, slow sword intention, divine machine sword intention, wind sword intention, fire sword intention, etc. Wait, there are all kinds of sword intentions. Of course, these are the intentions used by ordinary disciples, but they are not sword intentions. But people like Ding Chunming and others use a very special intention, that is The meaning of force is a kind of power, and this power meaning is divided into destructive power, defensive power, etc.

Wen Wenhai and others did not expect that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would have so many intentions. This was completely beyond their expectations. If it weren't for the light brain to help them, they really would have been helpless. Divide the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect into different groups to fight him, because they have too many ideas and it is not easy to divide them into teams.

In the end, Wen Wenhai and the others came up with a method, which was to assign people with similar intentions to a team. Even if their intentions were different, they could complement each other in battle. Only in this way can the matter be truly solved, and this matter is also a very new experience for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They really did not expect that their own intentions can actually be related to Their incarnations unite.