c7075 worry

Wen Wenhai stood in the mid-air of the base with a calm expression. In front of them were the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who had formed a neat formation. This time, the Blood Killing Battle Fort still did not go into battle, although there were already more than a hundred Blood Killing Battles. The fort has been improved, but they are still not ready to use the Blood Killing Battle Fort. They just want to see if they can defeat those colorful pythons with the power of ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Looking at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were completely prepared and looking full of confidence, Wen Wenhai couldn't help flashing a look of pride on his face. These are their disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They are fearless and not afraid of anything. enemies, so they are invincible.

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but said loudly: "Attack and kill those reptiles for me." After saying that, he waved his hand, and all the disciples responded with a roar, and then the Five Elements Killing Formation was opened, and countless colorful giants... The python rushed in from the outside and rushed straight into the Blood Killing Sect's base.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed directly towards the giant pythons, while those disciples who could use sword energy directly swung their swords, and countless sword energy soared to the sky, slashing at the giant pythons. It passed by, and the same was true for the disciples who used swords. When they were not fighting those giant pythons, countless sword intentions, sword intentions, and various other intentions all attacked them.

Those giant pythons did not expect that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would have such an attack. They immediately launched a series of spells to block the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. However, this time, the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples were... The intentional attack was not so easy to block. Their spells were directly broken. Then the sword energy and knife energy were directly chopped on the giant python. The extremely strong scales on the giant python were , were immediately shattered, and wounds appeared on their bodies.

The giant pythons seemed to be taken aback. They roared and released spells at one time, but to no avail. At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already rushed in front of them, and the two torrents collided. , and as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attacked again and again, the giant pythons turned into black smoke one by one, and the situation was very bad.

Those giant pythons also discovered this, but they did not retreat. They were still attacking with all their strength. After they found that their spells could not cause any casualties to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they started to attack with all their strength. They used their own strength, their own bodies, and their sharp horns to attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Their sharp corners are like a combination of a soft whip and a spear. They can become soft or hard, as flexible as a soft whip or as sharp as a spear. In addition to their huge bodies, They have powerful power, and their tails can also attack, so for a long time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were unable to repel those giant pythons.

However, the disciples who had been killed were advancing step by step, while those giant pythons were retreating step by step. Naturally, Wen Wenhai and the others saw this kind of fighting. When they saw this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he couldn't help turning his head and said to Chang Jun who was standing next to him: "Old Chang, I really didn't expect that the effect of attacking with intention would be so good. From now on, we will kill the disciples of the sect with blood. It seems that You can use this method to fight the enemy."

Chang Jun nodded. He looked at the giant pythons, but there was not much smile on his face. After a while, he said: "I always feel that things will not be that simple. Those giant pythons will definitely still think about it." Come up with other ways to deal with us, as you can see, those guys are constantly evolving, and this rate of evolution is even more terrifying than the aliens, so we'd better be careful."

What he said is true. The alien clan also upgrades through evolution, but their attack must kill the enemy and then absorb the enemy's genes in order to proceed. And these people from the Shadow Clan , but they don’t use it. They seem to have that kind of awareness. They will evolve according to the environment and the strength of their enemies, so that their evolution is specifically targeted at their own weaknesses and the weaknesses of their enemies. , so in comparison, their evolution is more terrifying, even more terrifying than the evolution of the alien clan.

Chang Jun doesn't know to what extent those snakes will evolve in the end, but one thing is certain, that is, those snakes will definitely evolve at one time, and this time's evolution may be aimed at the attack of the Blood Killing Sect. An evolution, which is actually very scary.

Chang Jun didn't know how the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would improve in strength. Once the improvement in strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples was not as fast as those of the snakes, they would be the ones to suffer. If nothing else, in the snakes The number of people they have lost here in the Snake World is already quite large. So far, the number of people they have lost here in the Snake World has almost caught up with the number of people they lost in the Sound Wave Interface. However, it is only compared to the huge population of the Blood Killing Sect. In terms of numbers, this is really nothing, and the disciples who died in the battle did not really die. They became the undead clan again and came to life all at once, so no one paid attention to this. .

However, Chang Jun noticed it, and he believed that Zhao Hai would also notice it. However, this kind of loss was also expected by Zhao Hai, so Zhao Hai did not blame them, but this did not mean that they were not afraid of taking it seriously. Son, they know very well that Zhao Hai attaches great importance to the lives of Blood Killing Sect disciples. Although each Blood Killing Sect disciple has several lives, Zhao Hai will be very heartbroken every time a life is lost. , so Zhao Hai will definitely know about their losses here in the snake world. If they face this matter with an indifferent attitude, it might make Zhao Hai feel bad about them.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chang Jun said, he was also stunned. Then he glanced at the colorful snakes, then nodded and said: "Yes, those snakes will evolve after each time they suffer a loss. This time we attacked with intention, causing them a big loss. They might really evolve at once, but in what direction will they evolve? Can they also evolve with intention?"

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "This is very unlikely. From the time we fought with the Shadow Clan until now, we have not encountered a Shadow Clan person who knows their intentions. They usually use force to suppress people and use law to control them." They are so powerful that I have never seen them use their mind, but you have to know that mind is actually a kind of law, and each of those snakes was created by the laws of the Shadow Clan. If the laws of the Shadow Clan are adding to their blessing laws, In terms of power, I don’t know how much effect we have on those snakes, so I think we must be careful. After we go back later, we will have a meeting to make several sets of battle plans to put them together. We can make corresponding plans for all emergencies that we can think of, and then explain them. In this way, even if those disciples encounter emergencies, they will know how to deal with them, and this will reduce a lot of losses. Old Wen, our losses here at Snake are not small."

Wen Wenhai's face was also very solemn. He nodded and said: "Yes, you are right. Our losses here in the Snake World are really not small. Compared with our losses at the sound wave interface, I am afraid it is not small." Not much difference, I have to discuss it carefully after I go back with a headache over this matter."

Chang Jun nodded, then he glanced at the battle in the air, and then said solemnly: "The person directing the battle today is Bai Yan. We don't need to worry about anything. Let's go back to discuss it now and call all the others." Naturally, Wen Wenhai would not object and directly used the communication circle to notify other elders who had not participated in the war and asked them to come to the conference room for the meeting.

After everyone was in the conference room, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "These giant pythons that Lao Chang and now are facing can all evolve, and their strength is very powerful, and they Every evolution is aimed at their own weaknesses and our weaknesses. They will strengthen their weaknesses so that their weaknesses are no longer weaknesses. At the same time, they will also target our weaknesses and weaken their strength, so we You have to be careful.”

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, their faces all became solemn. It was indeed like this. Looking at the previous evolutions of the snake, they were all like this. The most recent evolution was even more obvious. Snakes with various attributes were synthesized. A kind of giant python was born, and the energy attacks of various attributes were of no use to them. Moreover, instead of strengthening their defense, they grew sharp horns, which increased their impact. These were all aimed at the Blood Killing Sect. It comes from the fighting method, so when they heard what Wen Wenhai said, they were very sure that those snakes were indeed targeting their own weaknesses, and the weaknesses of the Blood Killing Sect were constantly evolving.

When they thought of this, they immediately thought of what Chang Jun was worried about before. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could not increase their strength faster than the evolution speed of those snakes, wouldn't they always be passively beaten? If that were the case, it would definitely not be a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect.

Looking at everyone's faces, Wen Wenhai already knew what they were thinking, so he immediately said: "So I just discussed it with Lao Chang. We don't need to worry about the fighting outside now. It will be done for a while." We won't suffer a loss, and we will take advantage of today's situation, so the best thing for us now is to come up with several plans, think of all the various situations we may encounter, and do a good job Plan, no matter which method the enemy uses to deal with it, there will be a way to deal with it. Those disciples also know what method to use to deal with the enemy. This will make our losses much smaller. Don’t forget, since entering the snake world The losses in fighting here are huge, so if we can reduce some losses, we should reduce some losses."

Everyone nodded solemnly, and Chang Jun continued: "Let's talk about what methods the enemy may use to deal with us. Let's think about it carefully."

appapp