c7084 proposal

After receiving Wen Wenhai's order, Bai Yan immediately ordered all the Blood Killing Battle Forts to start gathering. Although the communication between their Blood Killing Battle Forts was also affected to some extent, they could still use the teleportation array to communicate, and they Each other will know where the other is, and now as soon as Bai Yan gives the order, the Blood Killing Battle Fort from other places will immediately surround Bai Yan and the others.

But at this time, those blood-killing battle forts encountered trouble, because they found that they seemed to be surrounded by snake balls. There were too many snake balls, and they were all very huge. , although those snake balls could not break through the defense of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, they could still immobilize the Blood Killing Battle Fort. In this way, the people in the Blood Killing Battle Fort discovered that they were surrounded by people. Although they are fine now, it is not easy to get them together again.

As soon as he heard the news from the bloody battle fort, Bai Yan was really anxious this time. He quickly wrote a letter to Wen Wenhai. As soon as Wen Wenhai saw these letters, his expression changed and he immediately turned his head. He said to Chang Jun and the others: "Baiyan wants to gather all the Blood Killing Battle Forts and retreat to the base together, but it is impossible now. They have been surrounded by those snake balls. Please tell me what to do." ?”

Wen Wenhai is really anxious this time. You must know that the entire Blood Killing Sect now only has more than a thousand Blood Killing Battle Fortresses. If more than a hundred Blood Killing Battle Fortresses are really surrounded or even destroyed , then their losses would be great, that's why Wen Wenhai was so nervous.

Ding Chunming said in a deep voice: "Let's go. Let us take action to block those snake balls, escort them to assemble, and then retreat together." Ding Chunming has such confidence that since they have figured out their intention After the attack was combined with the external incarnation, the strength developed geometrically. They were confident that they could defeat a blood-killing battle fort alone, so they were also confident that they could block the attack of a snake ball alone.

Wen Wenhai's face looked a little ugly. He thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Okay, you guys prepare a little bit and attack directly. We must make sure that he rolls his eyes and they get him back smoothly." Wen Wenhai also felt that Ding Chunming and the others should be allowed to do it now. Taking action was the best option, after all, there was nothing he could do now.

"Slow down!" Suddenly a voice came, and everyone followed the sound. It was Zhu Yong who spoke. Under normal circumstances, Zhu Yong would not speak at this time, but this time he still spoke. He looked at Wen Wen Hai glanced at it and said in a deep voice: "Elder Wen, I don't think it's necessary to ask Elder Ding and the others to take action. Why do we have to ask Bai Yan and the others to retreat? They are already some distance away from our main base now. Since they are surrounded , then it would be better to let them directly establish several small bases at their current location. Their blood-killing battle forts can directly retreat into those small bases to escape. If there is a chance, they can Directly combine several small bases to form a larger base, so that their safety will be more guaranteed. As for safety issues, it goes without saying that there are them on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Teleportation array, and their teleportation array is connected to the teleportation array here at the base. We can support them at any time, and even if they are in any danger, they can directly retreat to the base, so I don’t think they need to Come back."

Upon hearing what Zhu Yong said, everyone was stunned at first, and then their eyes lit up. Wen Wenhai also nodded, then he turned to look at the others, and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone, tell me, Elder Zhu's What about this proposal?" Wen Wenhai has actually agreed to Zhu Yong's proposal, but he knows very well that he is not Zhao Hai, and this is not his forum. He must listen to other people's opinions, and he also He was worried that there was something about Zhu Yong's proposal that he didn't know.

Chang Jun nodded and said: "It's feasible. They can build a base anyway. Building a base outside can be regarded as a kind of expansion. When the time is right, as long as it is connected with the main base, then won't we be equal to Expansion? I agree with Elder Zhu’s proposal.” Everyone else nodded in agreement. In fact, they had no reason to disagree. Zhu Yong’s proposal was actually very good.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and when he saw that everyone agreed, he nodded and said: "Okay, as long as everyone agrees, that's it, I'll write to Bai Yan and them now, but they're afraid It is difficult to gather all the Blood Killing Battle Forts together, and if they can really gather together, they will not come to our rescue."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "They probably didn't give full play to the impact of the bloody battle fort. And don't forget, they may not have to fight those snake balls in the sky. They can fall to On the ground, it might be better if they fall to the ground and then gather in some directions."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do it like this. Send a letter to Bai Yan right away so that Bai Yan can prepare early." Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai immediately took out the jade slip and gave it to Bai Yan. After writing the letter, he then turned to Ding Chunming and said: "Old Ding, you must also be prepared. If it is really needed, Baiyan still needs your support."

Ding Chunming nodded. He was not a talkative person, so he didn't say much at all. In fact, he really wanted to go out and meet the snakes now to see what they were capable of, but he I also know that everything must focus on the overall situation. Although their strength is good, they are not the strongest, so it is better not to attack rashly.

After receiving Wen Wenhai's order, Bai Yan was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes lit up, and he immediately ordered: "Inform all the Blood Killing Forts to fall from the sky to the ground, and then assemble towards me. , it would be best if they could be gathered together. If they really can’t be gathered, then establish a small base on the land where they are located. The order from the headquarters is, let us build a base here. If we build a base together, The base is the best. If not, then establish separate small bases. We don’t have to go back, we can just stay here in this small base.”

When Bai Yan said this, everyone was stunned, but then their eyes lit up, and they immediately responded, and then sent letters to other Blood Killing Battle Forts, and those who were preparing to land were preparing to land. They were really I like Bai Yan's order very much, because if they establish a base outside and stay here, they can keep attacking those snake balls.

After so many years of training by Zhao Hai, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have a sense of arrogance in their hearts. They are proud. They think that they are invincible. If any enemy dares to cause them to suffer a loss, they will do everything possible to do so. , racked his brains to get revenge, and it was the same this time.

This time they came out in the Blood Killing Battle Castle, but the final result was not very good. They were blocked by people before they reached the scheduled place, but they didn't take any advantage at all. , and even being surrounded here, how can they swallow this breath, so now that they receive this order, they are naturally happy, because they can continue to fight with the enemy here, that is to say , they can take revenge.

Soon the Blood Killing Battle Fort fell to the ground, and those snake balls also fell to the ground. They were still attacking the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but this time they discovered that they seemed to be taking blood. There is no other way for the Killing Battle Fort. On the ground, the forward force of the Blood Killing Battle Fort is much greater than in the sky. But when those snake balls fall to the ground, the forward impact will be much smaller. In this way, It is already impossible for those snake balls to stop the bloody battle fort.

At this time, the other Blood Killing Battle Forts also fell to the ground, and then began to move towards Baiyan and the others. Although those snake balls wanted to be stopped, they could not, even those snake balls first Stretched out coiled snake tentacles one after another, trying to trap those Blood Killing Battle Forts, but all failed. Although the iron chain tentacles on the Blood Killing Battle Forts looked like iron chains, those iron chains were But all of them have barbs, and those barbs are not that simple. Baiyan has used concussion attacks before to deal with those coiled snake tentacles. This concussion attack method is very special, that is, through magic The formation allows the iron chain to vibrate quickly, so that the cutting power of the iron chain becomes very powerful, and those coiled snake tentacles are absolutely impossible to block.

Soon the blood-killing battle forts had gathered together. More than a hundred blood-killing battle forts were fighting over a large area. Because these blood-killing battle forts were surrounded together, the power of their wheels of law was also limited. Even bigger, their mutual communication is no longer affected, but communication with the base still requires the use of a teleportation array.

Because they were gathered together, some of the commanders of the Blood Killing Fort looked at them with blank eyes and wrote, "They can get together now, so why can't they move forward a little further and reach their destination, and then they can put those little All the bases have been built. Then they can directly set up the Five Elements Killing Formation according to the original plan and wipe out all the enemies in the formation. Then they are expanding at once. ?

After thinking about it with his eyes, he rejected the commanders' proposal. He knew very well that this was absolutely impossible. Although they were gathered together now, it seemed that they had become stronger, but at the same time, the enemies were also gathered together. Here, you can concentrate all your strength to deal with them, and if they want to move forward, they can only move forward in one direction. In that case, you cannot use all your strength, because you cannot use all the blood to kill them. The forts can be arranged in a straight line, that way the enemy will be able to deal with you more easily. If you use them concentratedly, the enemy will only need to block the blood-killing battle forts at the front, while the blood-killing battle forts at the back will not be able to use their strength at all. , so attacking at this time is absolutely impossible.