c7080 attack

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Yes, we are already considering this aspect. In the future, our energy weapons will have three energy attack methods. One is the previous attack method of energy bombs and energy beams, and the other is the attack method of energy bombs and energy beams. One is the energy beast attack method, and the other is the five-element killing energy attack method, so we have just stopped upgrading all existing energy weapons."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, that's good, then we will start our plan tomorrow. Old Chang, those puppet disciples, have they learned to use the Five Elements Killing Formation? This expansion, The most important step is them, they must not have any problems.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, there is no problem. The Five Elements Ultimate Formation is not difficult. They learned it quickly and also learned how to form a new Five Elements Ultimate Formation in the shortest time." It's a big formation, so there's nothing to worry about." Chang Jun had already made arrangements in this regard, so he wasn't worried at all.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he turned to look at Bai Yan and said, "Bai Yan, you will be the one to direct our first attack of re-expansion. Remember, nothing can go wrong this time." Bai Yan also said After responding, he didn't say much because he would never let himself make any mistakes.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he turned to look at Ding Chunming and said: "Old Ding, the people in your team must also be prepared at any time to deal with any emergencies. Okay, no more words, everyone. Go back and prepare, act on time tomorrow, and be sure to give those reptiles a little power." Everyone responded with a roar, then stood up, turned around and left.

Early the next morning, Wen Wenhai and the others arrived at the base early. At the same time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were preparing to attack today were all ready, and the Blood Killing Battle Fort was also ready. On the shield in the sky of the base, There is still a huge projection, and on that projection, the colorful pythons outside the base are still crawling, as if they are monitoring the Blood Killing Sect's base.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have attacked these giant pythons several times in the past few days, so those giant pythons also know that when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect want to come out of the base to attack them, they no longer need to open the shield. , so they are now more careful and are on full alert.

However, Wen Wenhai did not pay attention. Instead, he turned to look at the other people. Chang Jun and the others nodded at him. Only then did Wen Wenhai take out the communication array, and then said: "Attack!" Hearing his voice, the Blood Killing Battle Fort immediately rushed out. Behind the Blood Killing Battle Fort, there were countless Blood Killing Sect disciples. This time they attacked the Blood Killing Battle Fort and the Blood Killing Sect disciples together. The first is to allow the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to attract the attention of the snakes and make the attack on the Blood Killing Battle Fort smoother. The second is to allow those small bases to set up a new Five Elements Killing Tower after the Blood Killing Battle Fort achieves its goal. After forming the formation, they can immediately cooperate with the Blood Sample Battle Fort to attack the snakes and clean up all the snakes in the shortest time.

Just when the Blood Killing Battle Fort broke out of the Blood Killing Sect's base, the snakes also discovered the Blood Killing Battle Fort. They were also stunned for a moment. You must know that the Blood Killing Sect has not sent the Blood Killing Battle Fort to fight for a long time. They They had almost forgotten the existence of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Now when they saw the Blood Killing Battle Fort, they were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately began to attack the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

But it's useless. The long-range attacks of those snakes are nothing more than some energy attacks. But those energy attacks can't do anything to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, because all the energy weapons are integrated into the Five Elements Killing Formation. , and those snakes will only die faster if they attack those blood-killing battle forts in person.

On the contrary, although there are no energy attacks in those bloody battle forts, they are already the best attack if they just rush over like this. You must know that their speed is not slow at all, as long as they are touched by them The snakes that arrived would be melted by the Five Elements Killing Formation almost instantly, so they rushed over and killed countless snakes.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed out from the Blood Killing Sect base and fought with the snakes. This also attracted the attention of those snakes, but those snakes were all created by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attracted the attention of those snakes, it was impossible for the power of the Shadow Clan's law not to notice those Blood Killing Battle Fortresses, so he immediately brought out more snakes to attack the Blood Killing Battle. The Fort wanted to block the path of the Blood-killing Battle Fort, but failed. The Blood-killing Battle Fort simply ignored it and charged forward with all its strength. It then stopped and then began to release the defense line. , those magic circle defense lines are actually all puppet disciples, but now they have become the magic circle defense line. Then they quickly gathered together and formed a small base, waiting for the magic circle in this base to be set up. At that time, except for a member of the Jiu Shugui clan, there were no other disciples in this base. This was done because there were no energy weapons for those disciples to control in this base. People from the Jiu Shugui clan were in this base. Here, it is just to connect this small base to the main base later, not for offense.

The colorful giant python had no way to deal with the Five Elements Killing Formation on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, so the formation of the Blood Killing Sect this time could be said to be very smooth. Small bases were quickly established one after another. But those snakes have no choice in these small bases.

Now the Blood Killing Sect is like having an extremely powerful shield that can block any attack from the enemy. It can even suck the enemy into the formation and kill it completely, so now those enemies have no choice but to use the Blood Killing Sect. None, I can only watch the enemy build up small bases one by one.

While the Blood Killing Battle Fort was building small bases one by one, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also fighting against those giant pythons. They had now perfectly integrated their minds with their external body armors. It has become more and more popular, and even some people who like light armor now wear full-body armor, because they are now fully able to use armor as their own assistance instead of their own resistance.

This kind of intentional attack by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is really too scary for those giant pythons. Such intentional attacks can bring them huge harm. Although they are huge, their defense is also very strong. Strong, but they were unable to block this intentional attack, so their losses were also very huge.

However, this time because the Blood Killing Battle Fort did not have good offensive methods, in order to protect the smooth construction of the small bases, their progress was not very fast. It took several days to build all the small bases. , and the number of these small bases that have been established is not as many as before, only more than a thousand, because with so many small bases, it is enough to set up the Five Elements Killing Formation, and it does not require too much at all. Many magic circles.

After the base was built, the Blood Killing Battle Fort did not retreat to the small base, because it was simply necessary. They directly notified Wen Wenhai, and then Wen Wenhai directly gave the order to the old man Jiu Suan so that they could activate the Five Elements The decisive battle formation was about to begin. Old Man Jiu Suan nodded. Then he showed his true body, and then inserted the formation talismans one by one into the magic formation. When the last formation talisman entered the formation, In the middle, the old man Jiu Suan suddenly shouted: "Broken."

Following his voice, the Five Elements Ultimate Array in the main base was instantly broken, while the new Five Elements Ultimate Array was set up at the same time. The two formations were broken and one stood up. It was completed almost at the same time. Almost in an instant, all the giant pythons in the position where the new Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation set up the shield were wiped out by the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation, while some giant pythons were watching. When they arrived at the Blood Killing Sect's base, there was no longer a Five Elements Killing Formation. They wanted to attack, but were blocked by the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. It was impossible to attack the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Then all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect mobilized to attack the giant pythons. Without support, the combat effectiveness of the giant pythons was also affected by the power of the magic circle. Therefore, it was not difficult for the Blood Killing Sect to destroy these giant pythons. All the giant pythons were quickly wiped out.

At the moment when all the giant pythons in the Five Elements Killing Formation were wiped out, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all stunned, and then there were loud cheers. They were really so happy. , they have not expanded these days, which makes the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel very aggrieved. Now that they are better, they finally let out a bad breath.

Wen Wenhai looked at the cheering disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and felt relieved. He laughed loudly and turned to Chang Jun and said, "Old Chang, I really didn't expect that this expansion would go so smoothly. Hahaha, okay. It’s really great, and next I want to see how those snakes can resist our attack.”

Chang Jun also had a smile on his face. Although he was still worried about what other methods the Shadow Clan people had, the victory of this attack still made him very happy. It was not just the disciples who were angry these days, but they were also angry. This expansion made all the bad breath in their chests vent out. Of course, they were very happy about him.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's go back. After arranging the disciples, the winds can prepare for the second expansion. Let's go." Chang Jun nodded and followed Wen Wenhai back to the conference room. Then he called all the elders to the conference room. After explaining a few words to them, he led everyone to visit the disciples.

After he finished handling all these matters, Wen Wenhai returned to the conference room, and everyone else also arrived. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "This attack was completed very smoothly. I am very happy." Everyone seems to be very happy, but don’t forget, we have just started to attack again, and our current attack power is not very strong. The only strength is the defense of the Five Elements Killing Formation. , so we still have to be more careful.”