c7085 method

Baiyan gave the order to release the puppet disciples and prepare to establish a base. At the same time, he wrote to Wen Wenhai and the others, telling Wen Wenhai the commanders' proposal and his opinion. He would not attack at this stage. , because he has discovered that now they are really completely surrounded by those snake balls. .

After Wen Wenhai saw Bai Yan's letter, he had no objection. He also felt that Bai Yan did the right thing. Although they were together now, the enemies were all concentrated. In this case, they wanted to It will be more difficult to move forward, so they gather together, but they have completely different concepts.

Quickly rolling their eyes, the puppet disciples they released had already arranged the Five Elements Killing Formation. Then the formation was activated, and a base appeared. Although this base was not as large as the main base of the Blood Killing Sect, it had an area Not too small, and at this time, those Snake Balls also discovered the intention of killing the Blood Sect, but they had no choice.

After the base was built, Wen Wenhai and the others arrived at the base through the teleportation array as soon as possible. At this time, they personally went to the edge of the Five Elements Killing Formation and watched those rolling around outside, still attacking the Five Elements. After seeing the size of the snake balls in the decisive battle formation, Wen Wenhai and the others' faces became very ugly.

Then Wen Wenhai and the others did not return to the main base, but directly entered the Blood Killing Battle Castle commanded by Bai Yan, and then gathered all the elders in the Blood Killing Sect here. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai Then he looked at the crowd and said: "Everyone has also seen the size of those snake balls. To be honest, I really didn't expect that the size of those snake balls would be so huge. Our Blood Killing Battle Fort can survive in these huge... Under the attack of the snake ball, you can still concentrate and even build this base. I think it has been done very well, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded, and they thought so. The size of those snake balls was really too big, and it was a bit scary. Under the attack of such a huge snake ball, the Blood Killing Battle Fort could still do this. Son, it was already very difficult, and they had more confidence in the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

Bai Yan stood up at this time and said in a deep voice: "The combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Battle Fort is still very strong, and those snakes have fought with our Blood Killing Battle Fort and know the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Battle Fort, so they To create this kind of snake ball, for now, we really don’t have any good way to deal with those snake balls. Even if the five elements ultimate energy weapon is made, it may not be very good. method."

Everyone understood what he meant. The reason why the Five Elements Ultimate Energy Weapon is considered very powerful is because it fires Five Elements Ultimate Energy, which can break almost all energy in the world. This kind of energy The lethality is the greatest, but if the lethality of this energy is gone, then the role of the five elements' killing energy will really not be that great.

But those snake balls are not afraid of the five elements' killing energy, and this is where Baiyan and the others have the biggest headache. If the snake balls are really not afraid of the five elements' killing energy, then it will be even more difficult for them to deal with those snake balls. , because apart from the five elements' killing energy, they really have no good way to deal with those snake balls.

Wen Wenhai waved his hand, asked Bai Yan to sit down, and then continued: "Bai Yan is absolutely right. Our biggest reliance now is actually the five elements' ultimate killing energy, but now the five elements' killing energy is not very effective. Here In this case, what method should we use to deal with those snake balls is a question, but I think it is not very difficult to deal with these snake balls as long as we figure out one thing."

Wen Wenhai paused for a moment. He glanced at everyone who looked puzzled, and then said in a deep voice: "I think we must first find out why the snake ball is not afraid of our five elements killing energy. Is it possible? Doesn't the energy they use belong to the five elements energy or the energy of yin and yang attributes? I think it's unlikely. There must be some reason why they are not afraid of the five elements' killing energy. As long as we figure this out, we can deal with those snakes It’s the ball.”

Everyone nodded. At this time, Zhu Yong stood up and said in a deep voice: "We can have our Blood Killing Sect disciples come forward and attack those snake balls several times to test and see how much energy they are using now. What kind of energy it is, as long as we figure this out, then we can deal with them."

Zhu Yong specializes in intelligence in the Blood Killing Sect, so he feels that this matter is also his responsibility. That's why he made such a proposal, and he is also prepared to do so. Wen Wenhai and the others were not very clear about this, and naturally they would not object, so they all nodded and agreed with Zhu Yong's move.

Zhu Yong immediately took out the communication array and gave an order directly. Then a team of the most elite disciples of the Blood Killing Sect flew out of the Blood Killing Sect's base to attack the snake balls, and Zhu Yong is still here for a while. They must discuss carefully how to deal with those snake balls. Those snake balls are too big. Even if they can destroy those snake balls, they must attack with all their strength. , and may even be blocked by snake balls. Don't forget, there are a lot of snake balls.

After Zhu Yong sat down, Chang Jun said: "Those snake balls have a very strong impact and defense, but it's really hard to say what their combat effectiveness is. I think we can let us My disciples will try to attack them. If we can separate those snake balls, it will be easier to deal with."

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "It won't be that easy. If those snake balls were really so easy to separate, they wouldn't become a snake ball. The most important thing is, we don't know now, our Blood Killing Sect Are the attacks of ordinary disciples effective against those snake balls? If not, then they will become even more hemp-like."

At this moment, a jade slip appeared on Zhu Yong's communication circle. Zhu Yong took out the jade slip and took a look at it. His expression changed slightly. Then he turned to look at everyone and said, "Those snake balls are not afraid of us." The reason for the Five Elements' ultimate killing energy has been figured out. On the surface of those snake balls, there is a layer of strong law power. This law power is the law power of the Shadow Clan, but it is very powerful, as if it has been compressed and strengthened. However, this layer of law power is very strong. If the power of Shadow Clan law was like air or fog in the past, then the power of Shadow Clan law outside the snake ball is like a piece of ice. Because of this, That’s why they are not easily wiped out by our five-element killing energy. It’s easy for us to breathe, but it’s difficult to break the ice. There’s nothing too profound, they just use their strength to fight against us.”

Hearing what Zhu Tong said, Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief. He then said: "Okay, that's good. I'm really afraid that they will come up with some method to specifically break our Five Elements Killing Energy." , it turns out that this stupid method was used, then it will be easier to deal with, and we can deal with them with confidence."

Everyone else also breathed a sigh of relief. The method used by the Snake Balls of the Shadow Clan is actually a stupid method. When they confront the Blood Killing Sect's Five Elements Killing Formation, they are not completely afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation. Formation, they are now holding a huge piece of ice and constantly hitting a red-hot iron plate. Although the ice can temporarily block the way of the iron plate in this way, every time the ice hits, There will be a certain amount of consumption, but it will be relatively small.

Chang Jun also said with a smile on his face at this time: "If this is the case, then it will be easy for us to deal with those snake balls. We can use the stupidest method we have ever used before, that is, from the base and here, one Moving forward bit by bit, slowly pushing our base forward step by step, what do you think?"

The method Chang Jun mentioned is actually a stupid method. The method he used was to rely on the base and then expand the formation bit by bit step by step. This is different from the current method of flying directly thousands of miles away. , and then directly set up the Five Elements Killing Formation, and the territory in the formation is all their method, which is completely different. The speed is much slower, but more secure. "

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he turned to look at the old man Jiu Suan and said, "Elder Jiu Suan, do you think this method is feasible?" Wen Wenhai knew very well that the magic circle they were using now was different from the method they used before. The formation is different. The Five Elements Killing Formation is used now. It is not the same magic formation as before. If it were the same magic formation as before, then their step-by-step method is feasible. But the Five Elements Killing Formation, using this Whether the method is feasible or not, I don’t know.

The old man Jiu Suan said solemnly: "This method is feasible, but it cannot be used in the Five Elements Killing Formation. The report from the intelligence department just gave me a wake-up call. Think about it, the enemy can use compression ability, enhance energy to deal with us, so can we also use this method to deal with them? Our previous magic circle worked well, why should we change the magic circle? It is because they can use our magic circle If we also make the energy on our magic circle very strong, will the situation change? After all, breathing is much easier than eating ice."

Wen Wenhai nodded, but immediately said: "But if this is the case, will it have any impact on our future deployment of the Five Elements Killing Formation? The Five Elements Killing Formation is now the foundation." Wen Wenhai was right. , Now the Five Elements Killing Formation is the foundation. If they advance in this way, but there is no way to arrange the Five Elements Killing Formation, then their work will be in vain, so he asked like this.

The old man Jiu Suan shook his head and said: "As long as we make corresponding adjustments when moving forward, there will be no problem. After all, it is very easy for our Blood Killing Sect to change the magic circle. In addition, we Just pay special attention when moving forward, and there shouldn't be any problems, so you don't have to worry."

"Okay, let's do it."