c7087 one finger

The big snake disappeared, but everyone was stunned. They really didn't expect that one person's power could be so terrifying. This shocked their hearts extremely strongly. The Blood Killing Sect has been doing this for so long. , has been fighting with some big forces. In the first battle, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will participate in the battle, and the number of people participating in the battle is increasing. Therefore, in the eyes of many Blood Killing Sect disciples, they can only form a battle formation. They are invincible. Only when they form a battle formation can they be at their strongest. Some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect even believe that personal strength is no longer so important. Only when they form a battle formation can the Blood Killing Sect be the strongest. When the combat effectiveness is strongest.

But Ding Chunming's blow just now shattered all their previous thoughts. They couldn't help but think, if they had Ding Chunming's strength, would they still need to form a battle formation? If they have Ding Chunming's strength, what will happen if they form a battle formation?

Just when they were thinking about this, they saw ten more snake balls forming a big snake thousands of miles long. Like the previous big snake, after this big snake appeared, it raised its head to the sky and hissed, and then like The Blood Killing Sect's formation rushed over, and at this moment, a person appeared in front of the Blood Killing Sect's formation. This person was also wearing the Blood Killing Sect's armor, but his armor was What's special is that he actually turned the external incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect into a robe that covered his body and wore it, which looked nothing like the armor worn by ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples.

Upon seeing this body, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were stunned. They now recognized who this person was. Sheng Si, the chief instructor of the Blood Killing Sect's Void Condensation Formation Technique, an elder of the Blood Killing Sect, a Everyone knows that the elder who looks very young has a very strong mental power and seems to be very strong, but no one knows how strong he is, because he rarely takes action, and it can even be said that , almost never took action.

Many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have a very good impression of Sheng Si, because this elder always has a smile on his face when talking to others, and that smile is not a business-like smile, but a kind of smile. A very sincere smile makes people feel like spring breeze, but he is very thin, giving people a feeling of being gentle but fragile.

Although everyone knows that he is not weak, they have never seen him take action. In addition, he does not give people the impression that he is very strong, so when they see him now, everyone can't help but be stunned. They don't know why he is standing there. There, could he imagine facing a giant snake alone like Elder Ding Chunming? impossible? This voice sounded in the hearts of all the Blood Killing Sect disciples at the same time.

At this moment, the new giant snake that appeared had already rushed towards the shield of the Blood Killing Sect. Sheng Si looked at the giant snake and couldn't help but smile on his face. Then he saw him I don't know when an extra staff appeared in his hand. Then he raised his staff into the sky and saw a starlight suddenly appear above his head. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect looked at that Starlight, I don’t know what he means, because there are so many stars, it looks like a Milky Way, very beautiful, but no one can count how many stars there are in that starlight come over.

Then I saw the staff in Sheng Si's hand waved forward, and the starlight flew out directly, rushing towards the big snake. However, the big snake ignored it and rushed forward. Soon, the starlight He covered the big snake, and then the starlight directly penetrated into the big snake's body.

The big snake's body froze and stopped motionless. The next moment, Xingguang Shengsi disappeared, and just when Shengsi disappeared, bursts of black smoke came out of the big snake's body. , and finally the whole big snake completely turned into a ball of black smoke and disappeared.

Two big snakes were eliminated in a row, which shocked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect even more. It seemed that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws had also been shaken. Immediately, another big snake appeared, this time it was made up of twenty people. A giant snake composed of snake balls. The length of this giant snake has reached about 15,000 miles, and it is even thicker. He raised his head to the sky and hissed. With his hissing sound, the shield of the Blood Killing Sect was , there were already waves of fluctuations, as if it was under a huge attack. In fact, this was indeed the case. When the big snake hissed, the shield of the Blood Killing Sect was indeed attacked.

Then they saw the giant snake rushing towards the Blood Killing Sect shield. This time, the faces of the Blood Killing Sect disciples all changed. They knew very well that although this big snake seemed to be composed of twenty snake balls. Yes, it sounds like it is only twice as powerful as the previous Orochi, but that is not the case. Compared with the previous Orochi, the strength of this Orochi is much stronger. It is by no means as simple as twice as much. If these are allowed to If the big snake hits their shield, their shield will definitely be broken.

At this moment, a sudden voice came: "How dare you, evildoer." Following this voice, a finger was seen suddenly pointing from the horizon towards the big snake. This finger was only about ten feet long. The skin texture on it was clearly visible, and the finger moved very quickly. In a blink of an eye, it was in front of the big snake, and it touched the head of the big snake. The force of the big snake's forward movement was instantly reduced. It stopped, then the fingers disappeared, and the big snake turned into a ball of black smoke and disappeared.

Although everyone just heard a sentence and saw a finger made of energy, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect knew who the owner of that finger was. The owner of that finger was Zhao Hai. There was absolutely no mistake. The owner of that finger It was Zhao Hai. They firmly believed in this, because they were so familiar with Zhao Hai's voice, so they recognized it immediately.

Hearing Zhao Hai's voice, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but feel relieved, but then boundless anger arose in their hearts. Of course, this anger was not directed at Zhao Hai, half of it was It came for myself, but the other half came for those snakes.

They all know that Zhao Hai did not intend to intervene in this attack on the Snake World. They have known about this matter for a long time, and everyone also knows what Zhao Hai means. This is a test for them by Zhao Hai. They really wanted to conquer the Snake World with their own power, but unfortunately, Zhao Hai took action in the end. How could they not be angry?

They hated themselves for not living up to expectations and failing to conquer the Snake World on their own. They also hated the snakes in the Snake World for coming up with so many tricks to block their progress, so they Half of his anger was directed at himself, while the other half was directed at those snakes.

And Zhao Hai's attack this time seemed to make those snakes realize how powerful it was at once. Almost in the blink of an eye, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws retreated thousands of miles, and all the snake balls disappeared, and all the fighting It seemed that everything stopped at once, and the power of Shadow Clan's laws retreated immediately, which made everyone in the Blood Killing Sect stunned.

But at this time, they received orders from Wen Wenhai and the others. They immediately went to the shadow clan's 50-mile perimeter of the power of law, established a small base, and set up a five-element killing formation there as quickly as possible. In this way, the Blood Killing Sect The disciples continued to advance for more than ten thousand miles.

You must know that although the power of the Shadow Clan's law only retreated thousands of miles this time, it retreated thousands of miles based on Baiyan's small base. The distance between the main base of the Blood Killing Sect and the small base is also It's hundreds of miles, so this time the Blood Killing Sect's territory has rushed forward for more than 10,000 miles.

While the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were busy, Zhao Hai had already arrived at the conference room of the Blood Killing Sect's master's base. All the management staff of the Blood Killing Sect had also arrived, but Ding Chunming and Sheng Si did not come. This time the two of them took action, but they also paid a price. Ding Chunming suffered some internal injuries, and Sheng Si also consumed too much mental energy and needed to rest for a while. Except for the two of them and the one who was busy working on the Five Elements Ultimate Energy Weapon Apart from them, everyone else came to the conference room, but their expressions were not very good. Their faces were so ugly, naturally it was because of Zhao Hai's action this time.

Although Zhao Hai only killed a giant snake, Wen Wenhai and the others knew very well that if Zhao Hai didn't kill the giant snake, not only would the energy shield that had just been set up at the Blood Killing Sect's small base It will be broken, and even the small base will be in danger. The Five Elements Killing Formation at the small base is not as strong as the Five Elements Killing Formation at the main base. That big snake might really be able to destroy that base. Broken inside.

If that base is destroyed, the people in the base will probably lose a lot. The most important thing is that there are more than 100 blood-killing battle forts that have been half improved in the small base. If those blood-killing battle forts are If the battle fort is destroyed, the Blood Killing Sect will suffer a huge loss. The Blood Killing Sect has never suffered such a big loss.

And Wen Wenhai and the others were also angry with themselves. They really wanted to conquer the Snake World with their own strength, but they didn't expect that they failed in the end. How could they look good? They all feel that they are very useless. They can't conquer even the snake world. In the end, they have to rely on Zhao Hai to take action. It's really embarrassing.

Zhao Hai sat on the main seat and looked at Wen Wenhai and the others. He couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face, and then said, "What? You don't seem to be very happy? What are you unhappy about?" Zhao Hai knew that Wen Wenhai Why were they unhappy, but he still pretended not to know and asked.

Wen Wenhai stood up, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, we have embarrassed you. We deployed half of the Blood Killing Sect's strength, but we can't even defeat the Snake World. We still need the Sect Master to come and save us. We are really useless, please punish us, the sect leader." After saying that, he bowed deeply to Zhao Hai, and everyone else stood up at this time, saluted to Zhao Hai and said: "Please punish us, the sect master."