c7086 Shocked

Things here in the small base are still decided by Bai Yan, but there are many people from the Nine Number Turtles here. Their main responsibility is to advance the magic circle. If Zhao Hai is commanding the war, it will not be possible at all. There is no need for people from the Jiu Shugui clan, because Zhao Hai can easily command the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect on how to lay out the magic circle.

But Bai Yan didn't take this moment. He still had too little understanding of the magic circle, so he could only count on the Nine Turtles to command the army to move forward step by step. There was no other way. Therefore, although Bai Yan is still responsible for the main things here in the small base, the matter of commanding the army to advance is the responsibility of the Jiu Shugui clan, because others do not have this ability.

Now there are nearly one billion Blood Killing Sect disciples here in the small base, but only 100 million are participating in the war. The others are all in the Blood Killing War Fortress, because the area of ​​the small base is still too small after all. It may be possible to accommodate so many people, and 100 million people are already very impressive. You can't have too many people, because too many people will cause trouble.

At this time, a member of the Nine Numbers Turtle Clan came to Bai Yan, saluted Bai Yan and said, "Elder Bai, everything is ready and ready to go. When do you think it will start?" They did a lot this time. He even specially called in Wen Yuming, who had been studying the five-element killer energy weapon, to prepare for this attack.

Now they're ready to go. Bai Yan took a deep breath, glanced at the snake ball outside that was still hitting the small base, and then nodded and said: "Let's get started." The member of the Nine Number Turtle Clan responded, and then immediately He took out a communication array and then said loudly: "Start attacking."

Following his order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect on the front line were all prepared. Their preparations were very special. No one attacked. Everyone stood in the Five Elements Killing Formation and watched quietly. Looking at the snake balls outside, there is one special thing about those snake balls when they attack, that is, when they hit the Five Elements Killing Formation, they must step back a certain distance and then hit again, and this process also takes a certain amount of time.

Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are standing inside the Five Elements Killing Formation, looking at the snake balls outside. They have already calculated the time it takes for those snake balls to advance and retreat. Now when they see those snake balls The ball retreated, and the puppet disciples standing at the front immediately rushed out of the Five Elements Killing Formation as quickly as possible. When they arrived outside the Five Elements Killing Formation, they immediately formed a magic circle. This magic circle It is not very big, only a hundred meters in diameter, but it is very complicated, much more complicated than the previous formations arranged by the Blood Killing Sect.

After those puppet disciples turned into the transformation formation, they immediately began to report to the people of the Jiu Shuanggui clan that they were ready. When everyone was ready, the people of the Jiu Shuanggui clan immediately gave the order: " Activate." With this order, the magic formations formed by the puppet disciples all glowed with white light. The next moment, small shields were set up one by one, and these small shields were immediately connected. It rose up and turned into a larger shield.

Just when the shield was put up, the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were following the puppet disciples all rushed out and reached the edge of the shield. At this time, those snake balls also rolled back. They were like Like mountains, they were pressing towards the shield, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all looking nervously at the snake balls.

Boom, the snake ball hit the protective shield. The light flashed on the protective shield, but it was not broken. At this time, the sword energy struck straight at the snake ball. Traces were left on the snake balls, and some snakes turned into black smoke. However, more snakes immediately rushed up, and the traces disappeared immediately.

Just as Snake Ball retreated, another puppet disciple immediately stepped forward, walked out of the shield once, then transformed into a magic circle, and set up the shield again. The whole process was exactly the same as the last time. By the time the snake ball flow came back, their shields had been completely raised.

This is really pushing forward step by step, and the reason why the magic circle transformed by those puppet disciples is so complicated is because their shield must be stronger than before. If we say In the past, the shield of the Blood Killing Sect was like a leather shield, but now their shield is definitely a large shield of pure steel, which can block all the enemy's attacks, even if the enemy wants to use the power in this shield It is absolutely impossible to absorb them all, because this large shield is too strong, and they have no way to absorb energy from this large shield.

The Blood Killing Sect's formation is advancing step by step, step by step, step by step, without giving the enemy any chance, and those snake balls are still attacking desperately, but it is of no use, because they have no way to get rid of those snake balls. Even if the shield absorbs energy, there is no way to break through the shield, so even if they attack, it will be of no use.

Not only Baiyan and the others are attacking here, but even the main base is also attacking. They use the same method, one step at a time. To be honest, this method is very stupid, but it works. At least until now, those snake balls are There is no way to use an offensive method like killing the clan with blood.

Just when they attacked like this twenty times, the snake balls slowly changed after they retreated. There were ten snake balls. Although they slowly rolled together, they finally formed a big snake. , but this big snake is composed of countless small snakes. These small snakes form an extremely huge snake. The length of this giant snake is more than ten thousand miles and its diameter is more than ten miles. He looked up to the sky and roared, which made people feel magical. Surprisingly, his roar actually made a sound. The sound spread far away. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard the sound, and everyone who heard the sound felt a tightness in their chests. , this shocked all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They immediately realized that they might have been hit by a sonic attack. At the sonic interface, they were very familiar with sonic attacks, so they immediately isolated this kind of attack. Sonic attack, they felt a little better after they isolated the sound.

When the big snake realized that the sonic attack seemed to be useless, he twisted his body and directly collided with the Blood Killing Sect's formation. Hearing a bang, a big hole was knocked out of the Blood Killing Sect's formation. Although the shield was very powerful, it could not stop the giant snake's collision.

When they saw this situation, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were shocked. They immediately concentrated all their strength and raised the shields at once. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect put them up. All the power in his external incarnation was input into the magic circle, providing energy to the magic circle so that it could fight against the big snake.

You must know that this large formation was all created by the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The strength of those puppet disciples is very powerful, and they all have yin and yang thunder pools in their bodies, so they can set up such a strong line of defense. , but what they didn't expect was that this line of defense was still breached, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately provided them with energy help.

Just when the shield was put up, the giant snake hit the shield once, and a bang was heard. The shield shook once, and countless cracks appeared on it, and the Blood Killing Sect's The disciple also had a very painful look on his face, but the shield was not broken.

Just when the big snake retreated and was about to hit the shield, a figure suddenly appeared in front of the shield. This person was not very tall and looked very ordinary. Wearing a set of full-body armor, but holding two hammers in his hands, he looked at the giant snake with a calm expression. The giant snake was really too big. Compared with that person, it looked even more... It was even bigger, as if an ant was standing in front of an elephant.

Although the giant snake saw the person, he didn't react at all. He didn't care about that person at all, so he hit the Blood Killing Sect's mark directly. At this time, the person had already flown into the air. At the same time, he raised the hammer in his hand very slowly. His hammer didn't look very big, it was only about the size of a football. It looked like a very ordinary hammer, but when he raised it, it was very slow. It seemed as if the hammer weighed ten thousand kilograms.

When his hammer was fully raised, the big snake was almost in front of him, and then he swung the hammer downward. When he swung the hammer downward, the hammer was as fast as lightning. It hit the head of the giant snake. The scene seemed very funny, as if an ant was beating an elephant with a straw stick. In everyone's eyes, this No ant can cause any harm to an elephant.

But when the hammer fell on the snake's head, a layer of ripples suddenly appeared on the snake's head. Then this layer of ripples spread backwards, making the snake look as if it was made of water. , is constantly fluctuating. No one expected this situation.

But when he stepped back, he saw the man holding the hammer, and he flew back straight into the base. At one point, he flew out of the base again, and then he stopped. After he stopped, he immediately He spurted out a mouthful of blood, and then disappeared in a flash, but the big snake stayed there for a while without moving. After a while, bursts of black smoke began to appear from the big snake's body, and finally the whole snake The big snake turned into black smoke and disappeared directly. The man actually completely eliminated such a big snake that was thousands of miles long with one hammer. Although he was also injured, the power of the hammer was It was deeply imprinted in the minds of the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know who that person is. That person is Elder Ding Chunming, who is usually very low-key in the Blood Killing Sect. Ding Chunming has always been very low-key in the Blood Killing Sect. He will not go to the front line to command like a white eye. Zhan will not be like Wen Wenhai and others who have been managing the entire sect. He has always been very low-key, but today everyone remembers him and his domineering and unparalleled blow.