c7082 Change tactics

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but shivered. He looked at Chen Chu with a changed expression and said, "Then what solution does Elder Chen have?" Wen Wenhai was really anxious this time. If the enemy was really If they have developed a method that can restrain the Five Elements' ultimate killing formation, or break the Five Elements' killing formation, then it will be difficult for them to deal with those snakes. Not only is it difficult, but they may even fail. After all, the Five Elements The ultimate killing formation is their trump card now. .

Chen Chusheng shook his head and said: "There is no good way now, because we don't know which way the enemy will evolve, so we don't have any good way now. We can only wait for the enemy to make a move." Chen Chu is now There is really no good solution, so I can only wait.

Although Wen Wenhai was a little disappointed, they had no other good solution now, so he could only nodded and said: "Now it seems that this is the only way to go. Let's just wait and see and see the enemy." What will be the next move? I think they are about to evolve. The enemy may be ready when we attack next time.

Everyone nodded. At this moment, Wen Wenhai's communication array suddenly rang. He heard Tang Yingyi's voice: "Elder Wen, those snakes have retreated. They have completely retreated and are no longer attacking us." ." There was some surprise in Tang Yingyi's voice, but there was not much joy, because Tang Yingyi knew very well that it was impossible for the enemy to retreat like this. Now that the enemy has retreated, it can only mean that They were still preparing for a more violent attack, so they retreated. This does not mean that they had completely defeated the enemy.

Before Wen Wenhai could reply, he heard Jiang Shenglin's voice saying: "Elder Wen, the enemies have retreated. They have all retreated. They are no longer fighting us. What do you think we will do next?" Jiang Shenglin's There was no hint of happiness in his voice, and his voice was very calm.

Wen Wenhai sighed lightly and immediately said to Tang Yingyi: "Elder Tang, where are you now? Have you started to build a small base?" Wen Wenhai knew very well that the enemy was retreating now, not because they were afraid of them, they might just be They have shrunk their strength or are evolving. When their strength breaks out, they will use more violent attacks to deal with them. This is for sure.

Therefore, before the enemy attacks, he must know how prepared Tang Yingyi and the others are and whether they are ready. If Tang Yingyi is ready and has started to establish a small base, then naturally there is no need to say anything. If Tang Yingyi If they are not prepared, then they need to be more careful.

Tang Yingyi immediately said: "We have arrived at the designated location and have built fifteen small bases. Elder Wen, what should we do next?" Tang Yingyi also discovered that something was wrong, so he was also a little nervous. I immediately wanted to ask Wen Wenhai what they should do next.

Wen Wenhai immediately said loudly: "There is no need to build bases as a small team. Blood Kill Battle Castle will act alone and build all the small bases in the shortest time. Remember, you must be quick." He said. After finishing, Wen Wenhai immediately said to Jiang Shenglin: "Elder Jiang, lead all the disciples back to the base immediately, quickly."

With two corresponding sounds, Wen Wenhai's communication array finally became quiet. Then Wen Wenhai looked at the others and said, "Everyone, be prepared, if the Five Elements Killing Array outside us is not ready yet." When the enemy is about to attack, we must be careful, because the enemy is likely to have a way to break our Five Elements Absolute Formation, so everyone must be prepared." Everyone agreed in unison. After saying yes, Wen Wenhai waved. Everyone was a person who had experienced hundreds of battles, and each of them had their own mission, so they didn't say anything. They all moved and left directly. Conference room, go get ready.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile bitterly and said to Chang Jun: "I really didn't expect that the enemy's evolution speed would be so fast. It seems that we must be prepared. Do you want to say hello to the boss? If something unexpected happens, how about the boss come to support us right away?"

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "No, I believe the sect master. If we really have any accidents, the sect master will definitely come to support us. Don't worry, we just need to be prepared. In fact, there is no need to worry. I really can’t think of what kind of method the enemy will use to deal with our Five Elements Killing Formation.”

Wen Wenhai just nodded, and then sighed lightly, without saying anything. The two of them quickly went about their business. They were likely to face a big war, and they had to make some arrangements. The Blood Killing Sect Disciples now always have some elixirs on their bodies in case of emergencies when fighting, so these things also need to be prepared.

What Wen Wenhai and the others did not expect was that this time the enemy did not take the opportunity to attack them. They successfully launched the Five Elements Killing Formation and completed this expansion. However, there was not a single snake visible outside. The pitch-black mist was naturally the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. The Blood Killing Sect had become accustomed to this, but they were also more careful at the same time.

Just three days after the expansion of the Blood Killing Sect, there is still no response from the Shadow Clan's power of law. This makes Wen Wenhai and the others very puzzled. They don't know what the enemy's plan is, but they don't want to wait. In the past three days, they had been preparing for war, but the enemy had not attacked. This gave Wen Wenhai and the others a feeling like a punch on cotton, that's why they were like this.

Wen Wenhai invited everyone to the conference room at one time, then he glanced at everyone, and then said: "Everyone has also seen that the enemy has not come to attack us now, which is not necessarily a good thing for us. , because the enemy doesn’t take action, and if we don’t take action, then we can only remain in a stalemate here, everyone, let’s talk, what should we do next?”

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone was stunned. Then they all understood what Wen Wenhai meant. Although there was no war in the past three days, they were always in a state of war readiness, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all very nervous. , if this state remains, it will not be of any benefit to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so they must come up with a way and cannot wait like this forever.

Baiyan stood up at this time and said in a deep voice: "We really can't wait like this anymore. I think we must attack, attack with all our strength. Our attack can not only expand the territory, but also test the enemy's strength. If the enemy already has a way to deal with us, then if we attack, we can just try out what method the enemy uses. If the enemy has not found a way to deal with us, we can expand smoothly. We cannot be frightened by just one possibility. Stay, no longer attacking, even if the enemy finds a way to deal with the Five Elements Killing Formation, there is no need for us to retreat, I believe we will definitely find a way."

Everyone nodded, including Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said solemnly: "I think Bai Yan is right. We can't wait any longer. Passive defense is not for our Blood Killing Sect. Style, we have to attack and see what the enemy can do to us."

Everyone nodded in unison, and then said: "Okay, let's do this, organize the disciples, and we will prepare to attack immediately. I really want to see what the enemy has evolved this time. If they evolve If they don't come out to deal with the Five Elements Killing Formation, then they will wait to die and take action." Everyone agreed and immediately went to prepare.

This time, the people who commanded the battle outside were Bai Yan and Chen Chu. Chen Chu commanded the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, while Bai Yan commanded the Blood Killing Battle Fortress. Because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had been preparing for the battle for a long time, they attacked this time. It went very smoothly. Bai Yan and the others were quickly prepared, and then the army marched directly out of the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Wen Wenhai and others were all watching all this nervously. They really wanted to know how the enemy would react this time. But unfortunately, as soon as the army entered the Shadow Clan's laws, In the power, they could not see anything. The projection array was completely black and nothing could be displayed.

Just when Wen Wenhai was a little surprised, suddenly a light flashed on his communication array. Just when Wen Wenhai was in a daze, a jade slip appeared on his communication array. This made Wen Wenhai stunned, and then he Wen Wenhai's face couldn't help but become solemn. Wen Wenhai knew very well that their communication array could usually communicate directly, unless they encountered very powerful energy interference that made their communication array unable to communicate directly. It will be used as a small transmission array, because this small transmission array has strong anti-interference ability, but direct calls cannot.

Wen Wenhai took the jade slip and looked at the contents on it. His face relaxed slightly. Then he turned to everyone and said, "Baiyan said, after they went out, they directly entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. But They haven't encountered any attacks yet, but they feel that the interference ability of the Shadow Clan's power of law has been greatly strengthened. Although they have the power of law, they still can't communicate with us directly, so they sent the jade simple."

Chang Jun immediately said: "Old Wen, send a letter to Elder Chen Chu and ask them to return immediately. Although our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very powerful in combat and have an amazing defense now, the enemy has strengthened now. Law suppression is still too dangerous for them, and their command system will have problems. At this time, it is not suitable for us Blood Killing Sect disciples to go out to attack, we must be careful."

Hearing what Chang Jun said, Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he immediately wrote to Chen Chu, asking Chen Chu to lead the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect back immediately. This time, the temptation was left to Wen Wenhai and the others. That's it, they don't need to take the risk.