c7083 snake ball

Not long after Wen Wenhai's message was sent out, Chen Chu had already brought the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect back to the Blood Killing Sect's base. As soon as he returned to the Blood Killing Sect's base, Chen Chu's face relaxed and he arranged After becoming a good disciple, he immediately came to Wen Wenhai and the others. As soon as he arrived at Wen Wenhai and the others, he said to Wen Wenhai: "Fortunately, Elder Wen, you ordered the retreat. Otherwise, we may be in danger. Now the Shadow Clan In the power of law, their law bonus has been strengthened. Although we have activated the wheel of law, our communications are still affected. Even if you don't give the order, I will report to you and return to the base. , fighting the enemy in that environment, we have no chance of winning."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "In the past, Baiyan communicated with us using jade slips, so Elder Chang asked you to come back. Now it is not suitable for you to go to war. You are different from Baiyan and the others. Baiyan and the others still have them after all. The bloody battle fortress came to protect us, but you directly fought against the enemy. If you fought against the enemy in that environment, our losses would be too great."

Chen Chu nodded, then he glanced at the sky and found that the projection array in the sky had no effect now. He couldn't help but sigh and said: "In this industry, Lao Bai and the others are very dangerous, Wen Elder, I think we should be ready for support, and this time we can only ask Elder Ding and others to support. I am afraid that no one else has such ability." Chen Chu knew very well that the strength of others to support It was not enough. It was very difficult to escape unscathed under the suppression of that kind of law, so they could only ask experts like Ding Chunming to come for support. It was only at this time that Chen Chu and the others discovered that a sect How important it is to have some masters in charge of the door.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and just as he was about to get Ding Chunming and the others ready, he saw a white light flash on his communication array, and a jade slip appeared. Wen Wenhai quickly took out the jade slip and poured his mental power into it. As soon as he looked inside, he immediately saw clearly the contents of the jade slip. However, as soon as he saw the contents of the jade slip, Wen Wenhai's face became extremely ugly...

Bai Yan's face is not good-looking either, because they are being attacked now. The one attacking them is not a human, but a snake. But it is not an ordinary snake, but a huge snake ball. That's right, it is a snake ball, a snake ball. An incomparably huge snake ball with a diameter of more than a hundred miles. Countless snakes are densely entangled together to form a huge snake ball, which makes people's scalp numb just by looking at it.

The snakes that make up this snake ball are not the huge multi-colored pythons, but small snakes. These small snakes are also colorful, just like miniature versions of the multi-colored pythons. They are all only more than one foot long. The child's arms are thick and thin, and they are still squirming. Just looking at them makes people run cold down their backs.

And the attack of this snake ball is also very special. They don't just pounce on the Blood Killing Battle Fort and bite it, but hit it. They are like a huge stone ball, constantly hitting the Blood Killing Battle Fort. The impact force is very powerful, and the Blood Killing Sect must deal with it with all its strength, and it is very difficult to move forward.

Of course, this is not what worries Bai Yan the most. What worries Bai Yan most is that the snake ball is not afraid of the Blood Killing Sect's Five Elements Killing Formation. Bai Yan has seen the snake ball hit the Blood Killing Battle Fort several times, but the impact position The number of snakes did not decrease. In other words, those snakes encountered the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation, but were not killed by the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. This made Bai Yan extremely surprised.

It was precisely because of this that Bai Yan immediately contacted other Blood Killing Battle Forts to see if this was also the case. The final result he got was that the same situation was true in other Blood Killing Battle Forts, and they were all also killed. Snake balls blocked the way one by one, and when those snake balls hit them, they did not see any reduction in the number of snakes on the snake balls.

Bai Yan knew very well that if the number of snakes on the snake ball did not decrease, there was only one possibility, and that was that those snakes were no longer afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation. When he thought of this, Bai Yan's heart couldn't help but sink. He knew very well that the Blood Killing Sect's biggest reliance now was the Five Elements Killing Formation. If those snakes were not even afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation, then what would the Blood Killing Sect want? Attacking will be even more difficult.

Thinking of this, Bai Yan immediately took out the communication array, took out another jade slip, entered the content directly into the jade slip, and then passed it to Wen Wenhai. This was the second jade slip Wen Wenhai received. , the content of this jade slip is that Baiyan told him that a snake ball is attacking them, and that snake ball is not afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation and is hitting them. It is very difficult for them to move forward now.

After writing the letter to Wen Wenhai, he looked at the projection in the Bloody Battle Castle and said in a deep voice: "Prepare for the attack of sky full of fire, and at the same time, prepare for the attack of the iron chain tentacles. Let's see what kind of abilities this snake ball has." , we must know the combat effectiveness of these snake balls." The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the Blood Killing Battle Fort immediately responded, and then prepared to attack those snake balls, just to give the snake a try How effective is the ball?

In the blink of an eye, the sky-wide fire on the Blood-killing Battle Fort was ready. On the Blood-killing Battle Fort, all the sky-fire firing holes had been opened, and then the sky-wide fire shot out one by one. , streaks of Sky-Fire shot straight at the snake balls. Everyone looked at the snake balls nervously, wanting to see how effective the Sky-Fire was at attacking those snake balls.

But they soon felt disappointed. They saw that the snake ball seemed to have discovered that someone was attacking them. The snakes squirmed even more fiercely. Then, a layer of black mist suddenly appeared on the surface of the snake ball, and then At this time, the Sky-Fire shot directly onto the snake balls, but what is strange is that the Sky-Fire passed directly through the snake balls and exploded far away from the snake balls. .

As soon as he saw this situation, Bai Yan immediately understood. He said solemnly: "These snake balls also seem to have the ability to become invisible, but their ability seems to be mutated and exists at the same time as the ability to atomize. , so now we can still see the snake balls, but Man Tianhuo cannot feel the snake balls, so Man Tianhuo's attack is not very lethal to these snake balls, and it can be said to be of no use. , trying it with the iron chain tentacles."

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect responded immediately, and then they immediately released the iron chain tentacles. But to their surprise, they saw that the snake balls also squirmed for a while, and after moving, a snake ball protruded from it. Baiyan and the others took a closer look and found that these tentacles were actually snakes on the snake ball. They were entangled together. They were basically coiled snake tentacles. Just looking at them made people feel a little numb on the scalp.

These tentacles were entangled together in the air, but no one could do anything to anyone. On the contrary, because these tentacles were entangled together, it became even more difficult to leave the Blood Killing Fort. You must know that these iron chain tentacles have Those who don't have the killing power of the Five Elements, of course, don't have the ability on top, so the two sides can only compete in terms of strength, and there is nothing else.

Bai Yan's face looked a little ugly, and he said solemnly: "Use the shock ability to retract the tentacles. When facing the snake ball in the future, don't use the tentacles, otherwise you will only be entangled by the snake ball." After that, he took out again. He clicked the jade slip, entered the content into it, and sent it directly back to Wen Wenhai.

When Wen Wenhai knew about the appearance of the Snake Ball and was not afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation, he felt a headache. Of course, he also told the news to other people. Everyone's faces were not good-looking. While still discussing how to deal with this situation, the news of Bai Yan came again. When Wen Wenhai saw what Bai Yan said, he tried the snake ball with sky fire and iron chain tentacles. But when nothing happened, his expression completely changed. He knew that this time they might be in big trouble.

Wen Wenhai put away the jade slips that Bai Yan gave him, glanced at the others, and said in a deep voice: "Just now Bai Yan tried to attack those snake balls, using the sky-wide fire and blood-killing weapons on the battle fort. Iron chain tentacles, but the effect is not very good. When using Mantianhuo to attack the snake ball, the snakeball was directly translucent atomized. Mantianhuo directly passed through the snake ball, attacking the snake. The ball does not have much lethality. It seems that this method is no longer possible. When attacking with the iron chain tentacles, tentacles actually extended out of the snake ball. Those tentacles were all made of snakes entangled. When this After the tentacles are entangled, when they want to break the snake ball, the snake ball will even drag them, making them unable to move forward, so now Byakugan and the others no longer attack the snake ball with the iron chain tentacles."

Chang Jun's face changed slightly, and then he said in a deep voice: "We can't attack and are easily entangled. The opponent is not afraid of our Five Elements Killing Formation. Let's do this. Let them retreat first and let's discuss it carefully. Then after deciding what to do, what do you think?"

Chang Jun is very clear that nothing can happen to Baiyan and the others during this advance, otherwise it will be a huge blow to their morale. They don't even need to attack, they just need to defend their current base. Dealing with the enemy, and then thinking of ways to deal with the enemy, he did not believe that the enemy could really not be afraid of their Five Elements Killing Formation. He was going to see what method the enemy used to not be afraid of their Five Elements Killing Formation. s attack.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It's time to let them come back. If they stay outside all the time, they will probably be surrounded by the other party. If that is the case, it will be dangerous." After that, , Wen Wenhai immediately wrote to Bai Yan, asking Bai Yan and the others to return to the Blood Killing Sect's base immediately. At the same time, he also asked Ding Chunming and the others to be ready to respond. If there was any danger to Bai Yan and the others, Ding Chunming and the others would Will take action immediately, and Wen Wenhai and the others are also well prepared. Although Ding Chunming and the others are very strong, the strongest group of people in the Blood Killing Sect are still Wen Wenhai and the others. Of course, to say The last killing move of the Blood Killing Sect was none other than Zhao Hai, but Wen Wenhai and the others didn't want to ask Zhao Hai to take action now.