c7089 success

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned at first, and then nodded. Then he gave the jade slip to Chang Jun, and then said in a deep voice: "If this is the case, it is really feasible. If we can really If we skillfully use the changes in the magic circle in the jade slips, the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect disciples will definitely become more powerful."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "It's not just as simple as being strong. If you can really use these magic circles very skillfully, then even if you encounter a big snake like today, you will still have a chance to fight." If you are strong enough, you can form a magic circle, and then fly out energy giant beasts from the magic circle, gathering countless human energies. The combat power of the energy giant beasts released will definitely be very powerful. By that time, those giant snakes will I am afraid that I will not be your opponent, so we, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, must master this method. In the next period of time, do not rush to attack the Shadow Clan. Let all the disciples go to the real illusion first and become familiar with it. The changes in these formations, and then the attack."

Everyone responded, and at this time, they had already begun to copy the jade slips that Zhao Hai gave them. Only in this way would they have time to take them back and study them carefully. Zhao Hai looked at them, smiled slightly and said: "You don't have to be too nervous. In fact, if you leave the operation of the magic circle to the optical brain, you don't have to worry about it. You only need to arrange the magic cube array according to your own ideas. That's it. You don't actually need to take care of the operation of the magic array. Of course, the commanders of the Rubik's Cube Array need to take care of it. They must use the most appropriate magic in the most appropriate place under the reminder of the optical brain. Formation, but it shouldn’t be difficult, you just need to know it.”

Everyone responded in unison, and Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, "Okay, I'll leave the affairs here to you. I'm going back. Remember what I said. Even if you don't want to use my power this time, I don’t want to use the power of Xuanwu Island, at least the power of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. You have to use all of it and only use half of it. What’s going on? Think about it carefully.” After saying this, Zhao Hai disappeared directly. .

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai stood up, smiled bitterly at everyone and said: "The lesson from the leader is really timely. We thought things were too simple before, just like The boss said, we were too proud before, which is not a good thing for us. Let's do this, transfer all the disciples, so the Blood Killing Battle Fort has also transferred all, start training them first, let They learned the changes of the magic square in the shortest time, and then we attacked."

Naturally, no one objected, and everyone agreed, and then they immediately went to prepare. However, this time their mentality was much more relaxed. Zhao Hai's words also made them understand that their previous thoughts were true. What a mistake, as Zhao Hai said, they want to deal with the enemy without even understanding how powerful they are. This is really ridiculous, so now they must fully understand how powerful they are. Understand clearly, and then deal with the enemy properly, and judging from the current situation, the enemy may not be able to deal with them in a short time, because this time Zhao Hai takes action, it should scare those snakes. .

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are still building a new base. Their new Five Elements Killing Formation has been set up, which is fifty miles away from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. And now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are building a new base. Add a new magic circle to the empty space. The place where the puppet disciples originally formed the magic circle must also be replaced. We can't let those puppet disciples lie there as a magic circle all the time.

Now the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are also very powerful. They are the same as the incarnations of the Blood Killing Sect, but they have independent consciousness, so they become the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. There are countless magic circles stored in their brains, so they can make themselves extremely tall at any time, and there will be countless magic circles inside, so their fighting power will be very impressive. be surprised.

It's just that the strength of these puppet disciples is not strong enough now, otherwise, they can become as big as those giant snakes. It is a pity that if they really become as big as those giant snakes now, then in If they attack those giant snakes, they will not be able to completely control their bodies, so their current strength will be greatly affected, and they must practice slowly.

The training of these puppet disciples is also very weird. They do not directly practice spiritual energy. What they practice is their mental power. They must ensure that their mental power can completely control their bodies. Only In this way they can truly use their bodies, so they also need to practice, but what they practice is their mental power.

Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect is busy now. Even the people who originally stayed at the sound wave interface are also busy now. They have all been transferred to the Snake World. They are naturally very busy. At the same time, they have not set up the magic circle. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect directly entered the real illusion to learn how to use the Rubik's Cube Formation and how to form a magic array in the Rubik's Cube Formation. They must be very familiar with this.

Although there will be no problem if the optical brain runs the magic circle, the optical brain is also controlled by them after all, so it still requires a long time of practice. Naturally, mistakes are inevitable in the process. Fortunately, the blood brain is also controlled by them. There is a real illusion in the killing sect. If you practice in it, even if you make a mistake, there will be no problem.

Of course, in this way, the Blood Killing Sect's Rubik's Cube Formation must have a special command system, and the commander must also be determined. At the same time, when several Rubik's Cube Formations cooperate, which one When the commander takes command, very detailed regulations must be made, otherwise it will be very troublesome.

In this way, the Blood Killing Sect began a new round of upgrades, and there was no movement from the Shadow Clan's law power. It was surprisingly quiet. There was no snake in sight, but the people of the Blood Killing Sect did not. People dare to underestimate the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, because the last snake ball has already caused them to suffer a lot.

On the tenth day after the Blood Killing Sect was upgraded, another piece of good news came. This time, the good news came. It was famous that they finally developed the five-element killer energy weapon, and this time it This energy weapon has a very domineering name, called the killer cannon.

This name is very weird, but it is also very appropriate, because this energy cannon has five firing methods. The first one is the energy bomb, which can have attributes or not. It will explode and has a longer range. The second type is the energy beam, which has a short range, and the attack is persistent. It can have attributes or not. The third type is energy beasts. These energy beasts must have attributes. Their attack power is very strong, and they can Energy beasts that launch very quickly but have low combat effectiveness can also be used to launch energy beasts that launch slowly but have relatively strong combat effectiveness.

The fourth type is the five-element ultimate energy. There are two ways to launch the five-element ultimate energy, energy bombs and energy beams. The energy bombs are launched from a longer distance, while the beams are launched from a shorter distance. The fifth type is an attack method that Wen Wenhai and the others have never thought of before. This attack method is very special, that is, the Five Elements Killing Energy Beast. This is a brand new attack method, and it is also the most powerful attack. Way.

This kind of Five Elements Ultimate Energy Beast launches in the same way as ordinary energy beasts. Its launches also have two types: fast and slow. When it is fast, the combat effectiveness of the Five Elements Ultimate Energy Beast released is slightly worse. , and when it is slow, the five-element killer energy beast released will have stronger combat effectiveness.

Because this energy beast is composed of the five elements of killing energy, it can deal with almost any enemy. The most important thing is that after he kills the enemy, the enemy will be integrated into their body, making them They have become stronger, and this kind of energy beast will always exist as long as the energy is not consumed, so now this kind of energy weapon has really become very powerful.

After the Five Elements Ultimate Energy Weapon was developed, the Blood Killing Sect also began to improve all the Blood Killing Battle Forts. The magic formations in the Blood Killing Battle Forts were adjusted, and the shields of the Blood Killing Battle Forts also became The Five Elements Ultimate Formation has been formed, and this Five Elements Ultimate Formation has also compressed energy and has stronger defensive power.

At the same time, all the energy cannons in the Blood Killing Battle Fort have been modified. They must be replaced with killer cannons. Only in this way can the maximum power of the Blood Killing Battle Fort be exerted. Moreover, the iron chain tentacles on the Blood Killing Battle Fort also need Improvement, this kind of melee weapon also has many shortcomings. They are prepared to add the five elements of killing power to the iron chain tentacles, so that its power will be greater. Of course, in this way, these There is energy on the tentacles, and their workload will be much greater. However, doing this also has another advantage, that is, these tentacles can also transfer energy. If they encounter any situation in the future, they can completely let the two blood The iron chain tentacles of the Killing Castle are connected to each other and transfer energy together, so that it can become a huge energy source in a short period of time, which is also a good thing.

It is precisely because of the need for such transformation that the time for the Blood Killing Sect to upgrade has to be longer, because this time the upgrade is a major upgrade, and all the Blood Killing Battle Forts need to be modified, which is nothing like reconstruction. The difference, in fact, was almost reconstruction. They directly destroyed the Blood Killing Battle Fort and then rebuilt it. However, most of the formations remained unchanged.

Of course, the magic defense lines in the Blood Killing Castle have also changed. These magic defense lines not only have mechanisms, they have even become a kind of magic weapon. The magic weapon mentioned here refers to Magic weapons like flying swords, that is to say, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can control these defensive lines in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, allowing them to move forward and reach the designated location, making them more efficient to use. It is flexible, so this upgrade is very important to the Blood Killing Sect, and it also takes a very long time.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.