c7088 awake

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, everyone, sit down, no matter what the punishment, you have done a good job, I don't blame you this time, and who said you used half of the sect's people?" Strength? Let me tell you, you only used a quarter of the strength of the sect, so I am very happy that you can fight to this extent."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all stood up straight and looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. Zhao Hai waved his hands at them. Wen Wenhai and the others also sat down. Wen Wenhai and the others knew very well that Zhao Hai What Hai said would not be changed easily. If he said he would not punish them, he would not punish them. If they were forcing Zhao Hai to punish them, then Zhao Hai might really be angry, so they did not What were they talking about? They all sat down obediently.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, smiled slightly and said: "I know you all don't quite understand what I said. Why did I say that you only used a quarter of the power of the Blood Killing Sect? That's because you forgot Looking at the two forces, one is Xuanwu Island, and the other is me."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment. He glanced at Wen Wenhai and the others, his expression slowly calmed down, and he said: "There is Xuanwu Space in Xuanwu Island, but you people still know too little about Xuanwu Island. , Xuanwu Island is the strongest formation in the Blood Killing Sect. As long as there is Xuanwu Island in the formation, then nothing can break through the Blood Killing Sect's formation. And this time you build a base, because there is no Xuanwu Island to do it. It is the main formation eye, so the energy cannot keep up. This is why you always feel that the energy of the formation is insufficient. The power of Xuanwu Island is definitely beyond your understanding.

And the other force is me. I can say a blunt word, no one in the Blood Killing Sect is my opponent, and my strength alone is enough to compare with the total strength of the entire Blood Killing Sect. If necessary, I can even combine with Xuanwu Island. Then the power of me and Xuanwu Island will definitely exceed half of the total power of the Blood Killing Sect, and this total power will also destroy me. and Xuanwu Island are included.

You didn't count me and Xuanwu Island from the beginning. You only paid attention to the Blood Killing Sect, the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. You know their power very well, but you are You have misjudged the overall strength of the Blood Killing Sect. If you transfer all the Blood Killing Sect's disciples, then you will have dispatched half of the Blood Killing Sect's strength. So from this point of view, you are ignorant of yourself.

Although you have been fighting with those snakes, those snakes have been evolving. Every time they evolve, they will have different powers. And when facing this new power, you don’t know what this power is. So it can be said that you don’t know the other either.

You don't know yourself and your enemy. I'm really surprised that you can still fight to this extent under such circumstances. Only by knowing yourself and your enemy can you be invincible in a hundred battles. But you didn't do this. This thing is actually strange. If I don't attack you, I said at the beginning that I wouldn't take action. Naturally, you won't count me as part of the Blood Killing Sect's power. Xuanwu Island and I are one, so you won't count Xuanwu Island as part of the power of the Blood Killing Sect. Counted as part of the Blood Killing Sect's power, you just regard the Blood Killing Sect's disciples and those Blood Killing Battle Forts as the Blood Killing Sect's power. You also have your own pride. You think, relying on your own strength, relying on the Blood Killing Sect. With half the power of Zong, he wiped out the snake world. To be honest, I still appreciate this very much.

But you must also remember that sometimes, even if I face this situation, I must borrow the power of Xuanwu Island and the power of all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It is not just me who can defeat it. All enemies, so it is not shameful for you to use the full power of the Blood Killing Sect. I and Xuanwu Island are one, and I and the Blood Killing Sect are one. Xuanwu Island and the Blood Killing Sect are also one, and so are the Blood Killing Sect and you. One body, so you, me, Xuanwu Island, and the Blood Killing Sect, we are a whole. When you are fighting against the enemy, don’t completely deliberately exclude the power of me and Xuanwu Island. That will be very detrimental to you. Not to mention, you are only prepared to use half of what you think is your total strength, which is even more undesirable. They must know that you are the superiors now, and every decision you make is related to countless blood-killing sects. The fate of your disciples, whether they live or die, is all determined by your thoughts.

I know that all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect have several lives, but you must also know that the first life is very important to them. Every time a life is lost, for them, it is a great experience. Tribulation, that will damage their cultivation and be very detrimental to their future development. They are all monks and disciples of our Blood Killing Sect, so when you make any decision, you must Think twice before acting. You can't not use all your strength just because of your own pride. That is a very stupid behavior. Do you understand? "

Everyone stood up together, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Yes, Sect Master, I understand." After saying that, they straightened up, Zhao Hai waved his hands, and then they sat down, but what Zhao Hai said , but it also made them realize that they seemed to have made a mistake. The combat effectiveness of Zhao Hai and Xuanwu Island was indeed half as good as that of the Blood Killing Sect, and might even be stronger. They had only used the Blood Killing Sect before. For half of the disciples, this approach is indeed inappropriate.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and smiled slightly: "This time I want you to attack the snake world. Firstly, it is for him to train your command skills. Secondly, I want to let you train your blood through this battle." Disciples of the Killing Sect, without this battle, would you know the Five Elements Killing Formation? Can you control the Five Elements Killing Formation? Can you discover the shortcomings of the Blood Killing Battle Fortress? You will know who we are Is the incomparable fighting power of the external incarnation? It is impossible for you to know, so this battle is an improvement for you and our Blood Killing Sect. This time I am not just to deal with that giant Snake, but there is another thing, and that is about the method of applying the magic circle in the Rubik's Cube Battle Formation. I have already figured it out for you all to take a look at. I happened to see the big snake, and then Take action."

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. Wen Wenhai said happily: "Boss, we have really figured out how to survive in the Rubik's Cube Formation." , apply the magic formation battle formation? That would be really great, so that the strength of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can be greatly improved."

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "Of course it's true. How can I lie to you? Applying magic arrays to the Rubik's Cube array is what I have been studying recently. This is very complicated. Fortunately, It's been worked out now, and there are two other ways to apply it. You should take a closer look." After saying this, Zhao Hai took out a jade slip and gave it to Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai took the jade slip and mentally explored it. Countless magic circles and annotations immediately appeared in his mind. Because there was a lot of content in the jade slip, Wen Wenhai looked at it for a long time. , and then he finished reading the contents in the jade slip. To be honest, after he read the contents in the jade slip, he was also very surprised. He really didn't expect that the method of using this magic circle, There are really two types, but these two are just methods. As for the formation changes, there are too many, so much so that he has a headache just looking at them.

The methods of using the two magic arrays that Zhao Hai came up with are actually very simple. One is wired and the other is wireless. This sounds very weird. How to use it in the Rubik's Cube Array? There are magic circles, but also become wired and wireless? Is this too weird?

In fact, this is also very simple. The wireless one is the kind of magic circle that has no energy lines. Everything relies on energy to be transmitted between the talismans. This method will make the magic circle more flexible and more powerful, and The other type is wired. The wired one is that everyone in the Rubik's Cube array is connected by energy lines. Although it is not so flexible, the anti-interference ability of this method is very powerful.

The reason why this wired method is used is because Zhao Hai knows that once the Shadow Tribe people really use the law to suppress it, then there will be problems with the wireless Rubik's Cube array. At least one communication inconvenience will cause a huge problem. problem, so a wired array must be used. Only in this way can the array's anti-interference ability become stronger, so that it can cope with various environments.

If we use an analogy, the wireless array is like a WeChat group on mobile phones. Everyone chats at the same time through their mobile phones, but the requirements for the network are very high, while the wired array is like some devices connected to the network cable. Computers have very strong anti-interference capabilities, but they are a bit inconvenient.

There are countless magic circle changes in these two methods. It is really not easy to learn these magic circle changes. So after Wen Wenhai read the contents in the jade slips, he read Zhao Hai He glanced at it and said in a deep voice: "Boss, this method is very good, but does it change a little too much? We, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, are afraid that it is impossible to completely learn this method, right? They How long will it take to master this method? Isn’t this a waste of time? Can this method really be used in actual combat?”

It is true that there are too many changes in the magic arrays in the jade slips. There are various shapes of magic circles, and the energy changes of each magic circle and talisman are all subject to very strict calculations and requirements. , and this change in energy must be adjusted proportionally as the size of the array changes. Is such a complicated method really suitable for actual combat?

When Zhao Hai heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Of course it's suitable. You guys, you still underestimate our external avatars too much. Don't forget that our external avatars have another ability. That is the optical brain, and our optical brains are all biological brains, and their computing power is very powerful. When it comes time to fight, you can let the biological brain help you complete the operation of the magic circle, so that There won’t be any problems.”