c7094 behind enemy lines

The situation on the battlefield is now very clear. Although the entire front is still full of fighting, the place where the fighting is most concentrated is the big hole that has been opened. Both sides are surrounding the hole. As the struggle continued, the energy beasts disappeared one by one, and the snake men died one by one. However, neither side retreated and continued to attack around the big hole.

Suddenly, there was another loud noise. Wen Wenhai and the others immediately adjusted the projection. At this glance, they discovered that another big hole had been punched in the city wall. There were already two locations that the two sides were competing for. When this happened, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but shout excitedly.

Now that they were finally relieved, Wen Wenhai immediately took out the communication array and said loudly: "The second team of Blood Kill Battle Fort will start attacking immediately. The infantry disciples will attack the second team and follow up immediately. After arriving at the front line, the blood The Killing Castle immediately adjusted all the killer cannons to energy beast cannons to fire energy cannons. No matter what attribute the energy beasts are, they must fire energy beasts. The same goes for the strongest energy beasts. The same goes for the infantry disciples attacking the second team. , form the energy beast array, launch the energy beasts, use your strongest strength, form the most powerful energy beast array, attack me, attack without belief."

After saying that, he put away the communication array, turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, you will go back to the base immediately and organize the disciples. I don't know how long an attack with such intensity can be maintained. , now that we have achieved such good results, we must not give up, and we must maintain the intensity of our attacks, so we must prepare enough disciples to let them attack non-stop, and we must defeat the enemy quickly."

Chang Jun responded, then moved and disappeared. At this time, Ding Chunming suddenly said: "Release some small energy beasts, let those energy beasts rush through the hole, and reach the city wall." Go to the rear. If possible, let the puppet disciples also shrink in size, and then go from the hole to the back of the city wall. Once behind the city wall, immediately turn into an energy array, and then let the disciples or let the blood kill the battle fort. We can directly rush to the back of the city wall through the teleportation array, so that we can attack from both sides. We can also let the disciples in the past rush forward and establish several bases behind the enemy's city wall. As long as we can set up one The larger energy circle separates the connection between the energy wall and the energy of the Shadow Clan, and we can destroy all these walls."

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but his eyes lit up when he heard what Chang Jun said, and then he immediately turned to look at Bai Yan. Bai Yan knew what Wen Hai meant. He couldn't let other Blood Killing Battle Forts complete this task now, because this task said In fact, it is quite complicated. If other blood-killing battle forts are allowed to complete this task, there may be mistakes. But he heard Ding Chunming himself talking about this task, so if he completes it, there will be no mistakes.

Thinking of this, Bai Yan immediately nodded to Wen Wenhai, and then immediately gave the order, saying: "Dead Cannon, adjust the attack method, use energy beast miniaturization, group attack method." After saying this, Bai Yan took out a communication The magic circle said to the communication magic circle: "All puppet disciples, listen, wait for orders, and be ready to fight at any time. This time, I want you to shrink in size, turn into monsters, and attack. Specific orders, Await further notice and be ready for battle."

After finishing what he had done, Bai Yan turned to look at the projection, and saw that on the projection, the energy beast fired by the killing cannon on his blood-killing battle fort had changed. The energy fired by the killing cannon had changed. The beasts have turned into some small birds. These birds are only about half a meter long, and their wings are less than two meters even if they are fully opened. Compared with this kind of battlefield full of giant beasts, such an island, It's already considered small.

And those killer cannons can launch thousands of such birds at once. After these birds are launched, they rush straight towards the hole. They are very fast and appear to be more flexible. Watching With the appearance of the island, Wen Wenhai and the others became nervous and stared at the birds carefully.

Then I saw those islands rushing directly to the hole, but there was energy turbulence in the hole all the time. Those energy birds were small in size and had little energy to resist the turbulence, so They simply couldn't break through those energy turbulences, so naturally they couldn't reach the entrance of the cave.

Upon seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frowned. Before he could say anything, Bai Yan had already taken out the communication array and said loudly: "Puppet disciples, listen to the order and become smaller. It's best." It transforms into a bird monster, rushes through the hole in the enemy's wall, rushes behind the enemy's wall, and then penetrates deeply into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to form a small five-element in the shortest time. After completing the killing array and building the teleportation array, you don't have to worry about other things, so take action."

A promise came from the communication device, and then there was no sound. But Wen Wenhai and the others were all looking at the projection nervously. They knew very well that the puppet disciples were about to attack, and those energy birds couldn't rush that The hole doesn't mean that the puppet disciples can't. After those energy birds become so large, their own strength is already very low. It's not surprising that they can't break through the hole. The strength of the puppet disciples, however, is It was much stronger than those energy islands. If they couldn't break through the hole, then their plan would have failed.

Not long after they watched the projection, they saw silver birds rushing towards the hole. Their speed was very fast, and after moving their wings a few times, they reached the most intense part of the battlefield. place, and the length of these small islands is only about thirty centimeters, and their wings are less than one meter open, but their bodies are extremely flexible, and they can get around the energy beasts released by the Blood Killing Sect. Go, just when they were about to approach the hole in the city wall, they started to circle around. Although they were moving forward, they were obviously starting to take a detour. It was clear that there was nothing in front of them. There were no enemies and no one of their own, but they still wanted to avoid it. This behavior was very strange.

But Wen Wenhai and the others are all knowledgeable people. They know what the birds transformed by the puppet disciples are doing. They are avoiding the turbulent flow of energy. Although those puppet disciples are very strong, their current bodies are too small, and the energy The power of turbulence is very huge. If they can't avoid the energy turbulence and are really involved in the energy turbulence, then the energy turbulence will probably tear them apart. You can't tear them apart, and I'm afraid it won't make it easy for them. Even if they are made of steel, they will be injured.

So Wen Wenhai and the others did not blame those puppet disciples. On the contrary, they all looked at those puppet disciples nervously and worried about those puppet disciples. They knew very well that if those puppet disciples could really enter the enemy's If they were behind the city wall, then they would be considered victorious.

Finally, after nearly an hour of circling, the puppet disciples finally approached the entrance of the cave. Countless energies were attacking the entrance of the cave. It was precisely because of this energy attack that the entrance of the cave was not closed. , although there were countless snakes squirming at the entrance of the cave, there was no way to close the entrance.

Those puppet disciples couldn't feel too much energy turbulence here, so they immediately accelerated their speed and rushed towards the cave entrance. However, the snake men on the city wall had been dealing with those energy giant beasts. They didn't take it seriously at all and didn't even look at the little shrimps that the puppet disciples had turned into. Maybe in their eyes, these little shrimps couldn't cause any trouble even if they entered behind the city wall, so they didn't even look at it. Just didn't pay attention.

It is precisely because of this that the snake people did not pay attention to the puppet disciples at all. They are too busy dealing with those energy giant beasts now, because they know very well that if they cannot destroy those energy giant beasts, After that, their city wall will be breached immediately. After this period of fighting, they already know how terrifying the fighting power of those energy giant beasts is, so of course they put their main target on those energy giant beasts. Naturally, they won't pay attention to those puppet disciples.

Those puppet disciples rushed through the hole very smoothly and appeared behind the city wall. Although it took a lot of time, it was good. Anyway, they had passed the city wall, and then those puppets The disciples did not become larger and were still flying forward, but because there was no turbulent flow of energy, their speed became much faster.

Just when they had flown forward less than fifty miles, countless snakes appeared all around. As soon as they saw those snakes, the puppet disciples knew that they could no longer fly forward. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws had already reacted. They came over. In less than a quarter of an hour, the shadow clan’s power of law had already reacted. It was so fast, but they didn’t say anything. They directly grew in size, and in those shadows Before the clan snakes could surround them, they formed a five-element killing formation. Although the area was not very large and the area was only about a hundred miles away, it was still enough.

Then the Five Elements Killing Formation was activated, and a small base appeared. This was something they had to train countless times to do. Adding it up, there was no time for a stick of incense to wait until the snakes of the Shadow Clan rushed to them. When they came forward, they had already activated the Five Elements Killing Formation, which directly trapped some snakes in the formation, while blocking more snakes out.

Then those puppet disciples immediately told Bai Yan the news, and Bai Yan immediately turned to look at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai immediately wrote to Chang Jun, asking Chang Jun to arrange the disciples and enter the magic circle immediately. Fortunately, several Blood Killing Battleships can be arranged to go over. They must occupy the base there in the shortest possible time, and then build more bases. It is best to directly take over a huge Five Elements The ultimate killing formation is set up, so that the inside and outside can be isolated, so that the walls inside the five elements killing formation cannot be replenished with energy, and then they are slowly eliminated.