c7097 eight-headed snake

Sure enough, when those Skyfires fell on the city wall, they immediately discovered the explosion. The power of the explosion was so huge that a mushroom cloud actually appeared. And those snake people, because they had not noticed the Skyfires before, so No corresponding adjustments were made, but this time they suffered a big loss. Many snakemen were killed by the explosion, and even a lot of holes were blown out on the city wall, although the size of the holes was not It was very big, but it also affected the attacks of those snake men, and those powerful energy beasts took the opportunity to rush to the edge of the city wall.

Those energy beasts blessed by the law of murderous intent rushed to the edge of the city wall and began to attack the city wall. Originally, the city wall was protected by the power of the law and was not so easy to break through. However, those energy The beasts are also blessed by the law of killing intent, and the law of killing intent is definitely one of the most powerful laws of attack. Therefore, it is much easier for these energy beasts blessed by the law of killing intent to attack the city wall now. .

I saw those energy beasts wave their claws, and a city wall was torn down. Then they opened their mouths and spit out a spell attack. Immediately, another large piece of the city wall fell down. And such an attack can be done on the city wall. Said to be everywhere, this made those snake people a little confused.

Not to mention that the Sky-Fire attack on the Blood Killing Battle Fort has never stopped. This Sky-Fire attack will not weaken just because you are on guard. Their attack power has always been like that. If you If you use energy guns to block the Sky Fire, it only takes a few Sky Fires to offset the energy guns, and the remaining Sky Fire will hit the city wall, which makes the snake people on the wall I feel very helpless.

It is precisely because of this that it is even more impossible for them to defend the entire city wall. After the constant bombardment of skyfire and the destruction of energy beasts, the city wall quickly became thousands of Full of holes. At this moment, the giant snakes that had been hidden inside the city wall rushed out at once and attacked the energy beasts.

But as soon as those giant snakes came out, they were immediately entangled by those powerful energy beasts. These giant beasts immediately fought together and kept rolling on the ground. There were too many energy beasts from the Blood Killing Sect. , several energy beasts attacked a giant snake, and the giant snake was quickly dealt with.

After all the giant snakes that rushed out of the city wall were dealt with, the Blood Killing Sect's attacks became more violent. As soon as they entered, the city wall was crumbling. At this moment, a huge sound was heard. The roar was so loud that it even formed a sound wave and rushed straight towards the city wall. The city wall suddenly turned into black smoke and disappeared, and the energy beast on the city wall also shattered. Many, even Bai Yan, who was standing in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, heard the shield on the Blood Killing Battle Fort and sounded the sirens.

Bai Yan's face condensed, and he immediately said: "Everyone, keep the formation, wait slowly, there may be a powerful guy on the opposite side, if it doesn't work, we will retreat to the base." After saying this, Bai Yan immediately said He connected to Wen Wenhai. Before Wen Wenhai could speak, Baiyan immediately said: "Elder Wen, there may be a powerful guy coming from the enemy. We must be prepared, otherwise we may suffer a big loss."

Wen Wenhai didn't ask any more questions and immediately started making preparations. Byakugan and the others also began to retreat slowly. As they retreated, they carefully looked at the direction of the city wall. Although the wall disappeared, Baiyan felt that there must be something there. Something more powerful is coming, but I don’t know what it is.

Not long after they retreated, Baiyan suddenly noticed that more than a dozen huge red dots appeared in the direction of the city wall. These red lights were glowing red and shaking in the sky. As soon as he saw the shaking red light, Bai Yan's expression changed drastically, and he immediately said loudly: "Everyone, pay attention, the energy of the shield is adjusted to the highest level, and you are ready to fight at any time. The enemy is coming."

Everyone was a little confused, but Bai Yan took out the communication array and said loudly to the communication array: "Chen Chu, please pay attention. This time a big guy came. If it didn't work, he immediately disbanded and retreated to the base. Go in." Then he connected to Wen Wenhai again and said: "Elder Wen, a big guy is here. I haven't seen clearly what he looks like yet. I dare not release the chain tentacles to avoid being entangled by him. Stop, you must be careful." After saying that, he withdrew the communication circle and stared straight ahead.

Sure enough, after a while, a huge figure slowly emerged from the black mist. This figure was really too huge. From a distance, it looked like it had its head on the sky and its feet on the ground. After this black shadow was completely revealed, Byakugan finally saw what the black shadow was. It turned out to be a snake, a snake with eight heads. This snake was really too huge, and every snake had The head looks even bigger than the Blood Killing Battle Fort. The whole body is black, only two eyes are blood red. The snake is spitting out letters, and Sixteen's eyes are flashing red. , is staring at the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

Being stared at by such a gaze, Byakugan couldn't help but shivered. He immediately picked up the communication array and said loudly: "Back off, quickly, back to the base." With his voice, everyone Everyone came to their senses when he shouted, and the Blood Killing Battle Fort began to retreat quickly. Chen Chu was even more simple. He immediately disbanded the formation, and everyone disappeared directly. They actually used teleportation. Array.

And the big snake with eight heads also noticed that Baiyan and the others seemed to be running away. His eight heads looked up to the sky and hissed loudly, and then rushed directly towards the Blood Killing Castle. Although his body was very huge, But the movements were very flexible, and the eight heads did not move in unison or pull each other. They all rushed in one direction, and the attack area was very huge.

Just as they pounced forward, they had already opened their big mouths, revealing the long fangs inside. When he saw this, Bai Yan's expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately ordered: "Launch the full range of fangs." Skyfire, fire the killing cannon, hurry up, block the attack of this big snake."

In fact, he didn't need to say anything. The people in the Blood Killing Battle Fort were already prepared. As soon as they saw the big snake rushing towards them, they immediately started firing energy weapons. At the same time, they also started firing sky-wide fire. Countless fires were fired at the same time. The energy beasts and countless sky-filled fires attacked the big snake.

The big snake didn't seem to see it, and still pounced forward. Then all the energy beasts pounced on the big snake, hissing and biting, but it was of no use at all. The big snake seemed to have no energy at all. He didn't know that something was biting him, but instead it was the sky full of fire. After the explosion, the powerful energy made the snake pause for a moment in its attack.

Bai Yan discovered this, and he immediately said: "Shoot the sky full of fire, all the energy beasts will launch, they will become energy beasts with stronger impact, quickly." Such a change is actually very easy, in the center of the Blood Killing Battle Castle The light brain can make changes immediately, so the second wave of attacks from the Blood Killing Sect came quickly. The sky-wide fire was shot over at once, and the energy beast also became more impactful. A powerful energy beast.

Sure enough, such an attack was effective. Just when the big snake wanted to rush over, it was blocked by those energy beasts and Mantianhuo. Just when Byakugan breathed a sigh of relief, he suddenly found that a shadow appeared on the projection. Eight huge black shadows came straight towards them. His eyes were stunned. Before he could react, he saw several Blood Killing Battle Forts flying directly up, as if they were swept away by brooms. Like fallen leaves.

At this time, Byakugan saw clearly what was attacking them. It turned out to be the tail of the big snake. The tail of the big snake was different from the tails of other snakes. Other snakes only had one tail, but this big snake's The tail was actually divided into eight strips, so just by sweeping it like this, it was possible to sweep away so many blood-killing battle forts at once.

While Baiyan ordered the attack, he accelerated the Blood Killing Battle Fort and returned to the base. Fortunately, they were not very far from the base. Before the big snake launched the second round of attack, Baiyan and the others had already retreated to the base. Inside, as soon as they returned to the base, Bai Yan breathed a sigh of relief. Then he immediately contacted other blood-killing battle forts to see how much damage was done this time. Only after this contact did he know that the people who had just been swept away There were actually more than fifty ships flying in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Although they were now back at the base, they were injured to varying degrees. Such an attack made Byakugan take a breath.

At this moment, Bai Yan heard a voice from his communication array. He immediately picked up the communication array, and then connected it, and heard Wen Wenhai's voice coming from inside: "Bai Yan, Quick, use the Blood Killing Battle Fort to fight back, quick." Bai Yan heard the urgency in Wen Wenhai's voice, and he immediately ordered all the Blood Killing Battle Forts that could still fight back to fight back.

At the same time, he also saw the situation outside clearly through the projection. The situation outside is very bad now. The big snake is attacking the base of the Blood Killing Sect. Although the base is protected by the Five Elements Killing Formation, the big snake seems to be Not afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation, the Five Elements Killing Formation really did not cause any harm to him. He kept using his eight heads and eight tails to attack the Blood Killing Sect. base.

The energy weapons of the Blood Killing Sect are counterattacking, and all the energy beast weapons are constantly attacking the big snake, but it seems to have no effect. Their attacks seem to be unable to break through the big snake's defense. , of course, the big snake's attack could not break through the blood-killing sect's shield, which made Byakugan slightly relieved.

It was only at this time that Bai Yan had time to observe the big snake carefully. He found that the situation of the big snake did not seem to be very good. There seemed to be a wound on the belly of the big snake, and the wound seemed to be festering and was spreading outwards. There was blood oozing out, but the wound didn't seem to affect Orochi's movements. He continued to attack the Blood Killing Sect's base, each one weighing heavily.