c7099 Baqi

Because this giant dragon is all gray, it doesn't look very conspicuous, but its momentum is so powerful that it scares everyone. This giant dragon is hovering over the Blood Slaughter Sect base. After a moment, he rushed straight outside the Blood Slaughter Sect base. Fortunately, the Blood Killing Sect's base is now big enough, otherwise, it really wouldn't be able to accommodate such a giant dragon.

The eight-headed snake outside the Blood Killing Sect base stopped attacking the Blood Killing Sect base the moment the dragon roar sounded. Instead, it shrank its body, as if it was a little scared, but he did not He was not retreating or escaping, but was looking at the giant dragon with blood-red eyes open, both of which had a cold and ruthless expression.

At this time, what no one knew was that Zhao Hai was sitting in the space, watching the situation in the snake world. After seeing the appearance of the big snake, Zhao Hai couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face and said: "Interesting , turned out to be Yamata no Orochi, haha, if you can’t handle it, I don’t mind taking action once.”

His voice was not very loud, but Laura and the others still heard it. Laura and the others also looked at the big snake and said: "It's a bit similar, but it should just be a big snake made according to legend, right? But the guys here in the snake world It’s true, why would you create such a big snake? It’s really annoying.”

The reason why Laura and the others said this is because they also know some of the history of the earth, so they have no good impression of the nation represented by Yamata no Orochi, not to mention Zhao Hai, who is Chinese. It was naturally impossible for him to have a good feeling for that nation, so Zhao Haicai said that he didn't mind taking action.

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Forget it, there's no need. This thing is just an illusion created here in the snake world. There is no need for us to intervene, and we don't have to worry about him." He What he just said casually was that if he was really asked to take action, he would take action, but he believed that there would be no need for him to take action.

But at this time in the Snake World, the giant dragon rushed out of the Blood Slaughter Sect's base and rushed straight towards the Yamata-no-Orochi. When the Yamata-no-Orochi saw the giant snake rushing over, it also raised its head. When he raised his head, all eight heads spit out long words, and they kept roaring, and it seemed that they were not showing any weakness at all.

The giant dragon roared loudly, and he felt that his majesty had been challenged. He moved and pounced towards the Yamata-no Orochi. However, there was a cunning look in the eyes of the Yamata-no Orochi. His body It shrank back, and then flicked upwards, like a huge spring, shooting straight towards the dragon.

The giant dragon obviously didn't expect that the Yamata-no Orochi would actually attack him. He couldn't help but be stunned for a moment, but he had no time to change his moves now. The Yamata-no Orochi had already shot at the giant dragon, and the eight heads of the dragon were The big mouth opened as big as possible and bit straight into the dragon's body.

The giant dragon also opened its mouth and bit one of the Yamata-no-Orochi's necks at once, but the other seven heads of the Yamata-no-Orochi still bit the dragon, while the giant snake's five claws Almost at the same time, they stretched out and grabbed the five heads of the Yamata no Orochi, but even so, there were still two snake heads that bit the giant dragon directly.

The giant dragon did not let go, nor did he release his claws. His body kept twisting, so as to provide more tearing power to his claws and head. Of course, he would also be injured this time. , but the teeth of snakes are different from those of other animals. Snakes only have four venomous fangs. They do not kill prey by tearing them apart. Even when they eat, they rely on swallowing, so the tearing power is not as strong as the Yamata no Orochi. It is said that it is almost of no help, but the giant dragon may rely on this tearing force to cause greater harm to Yamata no Orochi.

As the dragon's body twisted, the two giant beasts separated violently. However, there was a huge wound on the snake bitten by the giant snake. There was no blood flowing out of the wound. On the contrary, countless black smoke came out, and several deep wounds appeared on the heads of the other eight-layered snakes that were caught by the dragon's claws, and there were also wounds on the dragon's body. There were two wounds, but they had no effect on him.

Then the giant dragon fiercely pounced on the Yamata-no-Orochi, and the Yamata-no-Orochi still came forward. The dragon identified the snake head that was bitten by him last time, and pounced on it in one bite. After biting the snake's body, even the position of the wound was not missed, it was still in the original position. This bite almost took the snake's head off the snake's body.

But at this moment, the Yamata no Orochi's tail swept over and swept straight towards the giant dragon. However, the giant dragon also felt the attack of the Yamata no Orochi this time, and his tail also swept straight over. Hearing a bang, the dragon's tail and the snake's tail collided with each other, making a loud noise, and then the two giant beasts separated at once.

The giant dragon had just been bitten by several other heads of the Yamata-no Orochi, but he was still brave. He pounced on the Yamata-no Orochi again, and one of the heads of the Yamata-no Orochi, But it was bitten directly, with only a little bit of skin attached, and the snake's head hung down weakly. It was obvious that the snake's head was dead.

Yamata-no-Orochi seemed to be very angry. He hissed wildly and rushed towards the giant dragon. Seven of his heads went straight towards the dragon and bit him. This time, the method used by the giant dragon was still the same. His head went straight towards one. He bit off the snake head, then stretched out his claws to grab the other snake heads, and his tail also twitched like a snake head. Because they were fighting like this, the Yamata no Orochi's tail had no way to attack him. So he doesn't have anything to worry about.

Just when the giant dragon bit one of the heads of the Yamata no Orochi, he didn't expect that the Yamata no Orochi changed his moves this time. His body curled up fiercely, and his whole body was wrapped around the giant dragon. This was the snake. Another attack method of snakes, entanglement, the main attack method of snakes is actually this one.

The giant dragon also felt the attack from the Yamata no Orochi. His five claws released immediately, and then his body rolled up. The two giant beasts were entangled together, but just as they were dying When they were entangled together, the scales on the giant dragon suddenly stood up. These standing scales were like pieces of huge blades. In addition, the two giant beasts were now tightly entangled. Together, this time the Yamata no Orochi seemed to have entangled a huge hedgehog, which caused him quite a lot of pain.

But this is not over yet. The giant dragon is also wrapping around the Yamata-no Orochi. As it continues to wrap around, the scales on his body seem to have turned into blades in a meat grinder, and it is quickly wrapping around the Yamata-no Orochi. There were wounds all over his body. This time, Yamata no Orochi couldn't stand it anymore. He hissed wildly, and then let go of the dragon, and the dragon didn't want to keep entangled with him. At the same time, they also let go, but then the giant dragon twisted its body for a while, and once tore off a piece of flesh from Yamata no Orochi's body.

Just when the two giant dragons tended to separate and retreat at the same time, Yamata no Orochi's tail whipped out fiercely. At this time, the giant dragon was not prepared for his move, and was whipped in the middle. With that, the giant dragon was whipped backwards, and a roar of pain was heard in his mouth.

However, the giant dragon was also completely angered by the attack of Yamata-no Orochi. He roared and rushed towards Yamata-no Orochi. Yamata-no Orochi also pounced on him, and the dragon bit him in front of him. The head he bitten was the same as the first time. He almost completely bit off the snake's head in one bite, and his five claws also grabbed several other parts of the Yamata no Orochi. Snake head.

The giant dragon's movements were obviously faster. His body shook for a moment, and then he retreated straight away. One of the heads of the Yamata no Orochi was broken again, but the heads of the other snakes were still roaring. , rushed towards the giant dragon, and the giant dragon also rushed up again. This time the dragon's target was the other intact snake head of Yamata no Orochi. It seemed that the giant dragon was ready to carry out such an attack to the end.

The method used by the giant dragon is actually very simple. The Yamata-no Orochi has eight heads, but the giant dragon has only one head, so he can only deal with the Yamata-no Orochi one by one, and destroy all his heads one by one. So he couldn't just injure those heads, he also had to completely destroy those heads.

Although Yamata no Orochi wanted to dodge, it was impossible. The dragon's attack was so fast that he had no hope of escaping. So he could only attack the giant dragon, hoping that he would be able to escape. Before being killed, he first killed the giant dragon, but now it seemed that it was a bit difficult, because although the giant dragon was injured, the injury was much lighter than him.

Although this Yamata-no-Orochi was created by the energy of the Shadow Clan, it is obvious that this Yamata-no-Orochi is different from other Shadow Clan snakes. Some of the other Shadow Clan snakes can still atomize themselves. The body is used to avoid attacks like the Blood Killing Sect, but this Yamata-no-Orochi obviously does not have such ability.

However, Yamata no Orochi should be able to absorb part of the power of the Five Elements, but unfortunately, the giant dragon he encountered this time was actually a giant dragon created by the ultimate power of the Five Elements. Back then, Jiu Suanlao was making a magic formation. At that time, he thought that the enemy's big snake might absorb the power of the five elements, so he directly created a giant dragon with the power of the five elements, so that the Yamata no Orochi would not be able to absorb energy from the dragon's body. Well, it is precisely because of this that Yamata no Orochi was completely at a disadvantage in the battle with the giant dragon.

Now the Yamata no Orochi's third head is also in danger. The dragon will not let him go. His attack is still the same as before. He bites the body of one snake head and grabs the heads of other snakes with his claws. This time because of Yamata no Orochi's. The Yamata no Orochi has only six heads left. Once the giant dragon controls these six heads, they will have no way to bite the giant dragon. Although the Yamata no Orochi wants to attack the giant dragon with its tail, the giant dragon also has a tail. Yes, the tails of both sides collided at once...