c7096 attack

In fact, many members of the Blood Killing Sect know what Wen Wenhai said, and most of the people sitting here also know it. Only Bai Yan and the others may not be very clear about it. Although the Blood Killing Sect also has a clan history, Bai Yan and the others , They don’t know much about Zhao Hai’s previous clan history, so they also know very little about the Blood Killing Sword. It can be said that Wen Wenhai’s words are just for them.

Sure enough, after Baiyan and the others listened to Wen Wenhai's words, their eyes changed when they saw the knife. They knew very well that the Blood Killing Sect was a sect that ascended from the lower world as a whole. The Great Power of the Realm is the power here in Wanshan Realm. When the Blood Killing Sect was in the Lower Realm, they dared to fight against the Great Power of the Realm and even injured the Great Power of the Upper Realm. Such strength is really It's quite astonishing.

Although the Blood Killing Sect was finally destroyed, their approach made Bai Yan and the others admire them very much. No one thought the Blood Killing Sect's approach was stupid. Those who know the current affairs are heroes, and that is absolutely not the case here. Applicable, the inheritance of a sect is the most important. If you surrender, it will be equivalent to your inheritance being broken, and your bones will be broken. Then what kind of true cultivation are you pursuing? What is immortality, so in Bai Yan's view, the Blood Killing Sect's approach is the most correct.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "After the sect master led the Blood Killing Sect to rise again, this sword was rarely used. It has been kept by the sect master. Today, the sect master can send us this knife." , which is enough to prove how much the sect leader supports and attaches great importance to our actions this time."

Everyone nodded, looking a little excited. Wen Wenhai then continued: "So this time we must win. We cannot lose the face of the Blood Killing Sect, the face of the Blood Killing Sect, and we must not lose the face of the Blood Killing Sect. Sect Master's face, do you understand?" Everyone responded in unison, the voice was very loud, and it was obvious that everyone was very excited.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he stretched out his hand and touched the Blood Killing Battle Castle. The Blood Killing Battle Castle immediately broke into countless fragments. Wen Wenhai then handed all the fragments to Bai Yan, who took them carefully, and then After putting it away, he saluted Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, let's all go back and prepare. We will give everyone five days to prepare. After five days, we will start to attack." Everyone responded, then stood up and saluted Wen Wenhai, Then they turned around and left. They were now in a very excited mood, especially Bai Yan and the others. They wanted to go back and tell the new disciples who had joined the Blood Killing Sect about the Blood Killing Sword.

Watching everyone leave, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath and said: "I really didn't expect that the boss would actually bring out the blood-killing knife. With the blood-killing knife, I think we should be able to break through the enemy's defense line, right? "This incident was indeed beyond Wen Wenhai's expectation. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would give them the blood-killing knife.

Chang Jun glanced outside and said in a deep voice: "We must destroy all these enemies as soon as possible. Otherwise, we will really be sorry for the support of the sect master. Let's go, let's go outside and take a look. In five days , we are about to launch a full-scale attack, and we must make those guys pay the price this time."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then the two of them also walked out. They had just finished a battle and were preparing for the next battle. The Blood Killing Sect was really busy now. Some problems were also revealed during this battle. , there are still many areas that need improvement, and everyone is busy.

Five days passed in the blink of an eye, and it was time to attack again. This time the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were even more excited, because all of them knew about the Blood Killing Sword, and they were all attacked by the Blood Killing Sect. The spirit of not being afraid of strong enemies can be felt, especially by some old people of the Blood Killing Sect, those old people who were rescued by Zhao Hai. They now hold important positions in the Blood Killing Sect. Now they are hearing about this. , still looked excited, and this emotion also affected the entire Blood Killing Sect. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were ready to take action.

Wen Wenhai looked at the excited crowd and said loudly: "For the sake of the Blood Killing Sect and for the sect leader, move forward." Everyone followed and shouted: "For the sake of the Blood Killing Sect and the sect leader, move forward." After saying this, all the disciples entered In the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the Blood Killing Battle Fort directly opened the Blood Killing Sect's base.

They are now only about fifty miles away from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Soon they arrived outside the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. A thousand blood-killing battle forts were still arranged in five rows, and then the white eyes looked like up again. Same thing every time, he used blood to kill the iron chain tentacles on the battle fort, and conducted a test to see what kind of arrangement the enemy had made this time.

But what Wen Wenhai didn't expect was that the enemy's layout this time was the same as last time. They were still city walls one after another, completely blocking their road, but this time the walls were thicker. , but it is not very high. The original city wall was about fifteen feet high, but now the city wall is only ten feet high. The distance between the two city walls is only less than two feet. These walls are like strips. The iron chains were directly in front of everyone, and the snake men on the city walls were like barbs on the iron chains, which could kill people.

As soon as Bai Yan saw this situation, he said in a deep voice: "Let's start, Chen Chu, you will also take away a hundred fragments of the Blood Killing Battle Knife. The energy beasts you released there are more powerful than those on our Blood Killing Battle Castle." The released energy beast is even more powerful, and if it has the help of the law of murderous intent on the fragment, it will be even more powerful."

Chen Chu, who was standing next to Bai Yan, responded, and then Bai Yan handed a hundred fragments to Chen Chu. Chen Chu then took the fragments and left them. These hundred fragments were left by Bai Yan for Chen Chu and the others. The other fragments , have been assigned to various blood-killing battle forts, and now Baiyan is waiting for Chen Chu and the others to make arrangements. As long as Chen Chu and the others make arrangements, their attack this time can begin.

Chen Chu and the others had the experience from the last time, so the arrangement this time was very smooth. In less than an hour, a hundred large formations had been arranged. Then Chen Chu rolled his eyes and reported that they were ready. , I rolled my eyes and didn’t say any nonsense, and just announced that it was going to happen.

Following Bai Yan's order, countless energy beasts rushed towards the Shadow Clan's defense line. The snake-men at the Shadow Clan's defense line were also ready, and one after another energy guns were fired straight at those energy The beasts shot over, but those energy beasts were still rushing forward hard.

Among these energy beasts, the situation of hundreds of energy beasts is obviously different from other energy beasts. These energy beasts all have a sharp aura, and at the same time, they also have a faint aura. The eyes of these energy beasts were all red, and they looked murderous.

These energy beasts are more flexible and more powerful. Even if an energy gun is stabbed in front of them, they will block it directly and eliminate it directly. The snake people on the city wall also quickly noticed it. Immediately, a large number of energy guns were fired at these energy beasts.

In the past, one energy gun could kill an energy beast launched by the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but for such an energy beast, ten energy guns are needed, not to mention those energy beasts that are particularly large. , Without hundreds of energy spears, there is no need to think about destroying those energy beasts.

It is precisely because these energy beasts attract attention that the pressure on other energy beasts is much less. Those energy beasts took the opportunity to rush to the edge of the city wall and started fighting with the snake people on the wall. Obviously those energy beasts The snake people also learned the lesson from the last war. They are very guarded against powerful energy beasts. So far, no energy beast blessed by the law of murderous intent can rush to the edge of the city wall, and Even if other energy beasts rush to the city wall, they will be destroyed immediately.

There were more snake people on the city wall, and Bai Yan also noticed a situation, that is, a snake head would appear on the city wall from time to time. These snake heads would also attack the energy beasts on the side of the city wall. The attack power of these snake heads , although not as strong as those snake people, they are not very weak. The attack of ten snake heads is enough to kill an energy beast.

However, Bai Yan is not in a hurry. He believes that with their current attack power, they will be able to break through the city wall. It is just a matter of time. And they are not short of time and can take their time. He is now very concerned about the Blood Killing Sect. He is very confident in his attack power. He believes that the Blood Killing Sect can definitely destroy those guys.

But at this moment, holes suddenly opened in several places on the city wall, and then thick snakes rushed out of the mouths and attacked the energy beasts in front of them. , the length of those big snakes all reached about a hundred miles. They seemed to be composed of countless snakes. Now they rushed out like this, but they really caught those energy beasts off guard. They killed many energy beasts at once. It was completely destroyed by the impact.

When he saw this situation, Bai Yan's face couldn't help but change slightly. He really didn't expect that the enemy had made such an adjustment. Bai Yan immediately gave the order to attack the big snakes that rushed out, but those big snakes were behind him. After the attack was successful, he immediately retreated, not giving Byakugan a chance to take revenge.

When he saw this situation, Bai Yan's eyes couldn't help but flash with a cold light, and then he said loudly: "Attention, all the blood-killing battle forts, Mantianhuo is ready to launch, use the high explosive form Mantianhuo, hurry up." Everyone responded. With a sound, one by one Skyfire was shot out from the Blood Killing Battle Fort. With so many Skyfires attacking together, the area covered was quite large.

The sky-full fire that Baiyan refers to is actually a type of sky-fire. There are many magic circles engraved on the arrow shafts of the sky-fire. As long as it explodes, it will immediately turn into a large piece of ash. Fog, this gray fog is the Five Elements Ultimate Energy, but this Five Elements Ultimate Energy is a very unstable Five Elements Ultimate Energy that will explode, and the power of the explosion is very huge.