c7090 one year

For a year, for a full year, the Blood Killing Sect did not have any conflict with the people of the Shadow Clan. There was no movement at all from the Shadow Clan, and the Blood Killing Sect was busy upgrading, so naturally there would be no Wen Wenhai also asked Wulong and the others to scout out the movements of the Shadow Clan. However, it was a pity that as soon as Wulong and the others entered into the laws of the Shadow Clan, they were immediately attacked and found nothing. In the end, they only Can come back.

This situation made Wen Wenhai and the others even more aware that the Shadow Clan must have been preparing for the next battle. It was precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai and the others would settle down and let the blood kill Zong completed this upgrade smoothly.

The blacksmith company needs to be strong. Wen Wenhai and the others are very clear about this. They all understand that if they are not strong enough, they will not be able to deal with the snakes of the Shadow Clan, so now they must let Xue Ji Become stronger first, and only then can they really take care of those snakes.

And in this year, the Blood Killing Sect has really perfected its upgrade. In this year, they not only improved the original Blood Killing Battle Fort, but also built an additional thousand In other words, the Blood Killing Sect now has two thousand Blood Killing War Fortresses, and these two thousand Blood Killing War Fortresses are much stronger than the previous Blood Killing War Fortresses. The entire There are now seventy-two iron chain tentacles in the Blood Killing War Fortress, but they are a little thinner than before, but their attack power has not decreased but increased. Amidst the fire that fills the sky, every Blood Killing War Fortress On top, there are also 360, 1,269 killer cannons. This kind of firepower is absolutely powerful.

The upgrade of the Blood Killing Battle Fort is only on the one hand. On the other hand, all the energy weapons in the Blood Killing Sect have been upgraded, as well as Man Tianhuo. Now Mantianhuo has also been upgraded. They are well-known and are not here. What powder was put into Mantianhuo? The Mantianhuo they made was an arrow-shaped magic circle, and the energy released was the five-element killing energy. Of course, it can also be changed to other energies, which are more powerful than It was bigger before. If someone wants to take away the fired Sky Fire, they must use the correct method. If they don't use the correct method, then these Sky Fire will explode, and the power is very huge. So now the power of these sky-filled fires is really very powerful.

In fact, these are nothing. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will benefit most from this upgrade of the Blood Killing Sect. They have now learned how to arrange the Five Elements Killing Formation, and their Five Elements Killing Energy is not They appear in the form of a shield, but like those iron chain tentacles in the Bloody Battle Fortress, the five elements of ultimate killing energy are based on their surfaces, and are combined with the armor to form a protective film. The power of a protective film is very great. It can not only be used for defense, but also for offense, because this protective film can also be attached to weapons.

In addition to the five elements of killing energy, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect finally knew how to better use the optical brain to fight. They found that they were combined with the optical brain and fought with the help of the optical brain. , it will become very easy, and whether it is energy control or the use of battle formations, they cannot do without the optical brain. The optical brain can also help them make the most positive choice in the shortest time.

Of course, this year has also allowed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to completely learn the magic array. The combination of the magic cube formation and the magic array has been very perfect, and they also follow the Blood Killing Sect. A series of command rights were arranged according to the level of the disciples of the sect, and they even started to reorganize their formations according to the levels of all disciples.

For example, how many outer disciples and how many formal disciples should be incorporated into a team of peripheral disciples of the Blood Killing Sect? As for the true disciples and core disciples, they will not be incorporated into the Blood Killing Sect’s army. They will form a team of their own, and within this team, the official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are the ordinary soldiers, the true disciples are the commanders at the grassroots level, and the core disciples are the real commanders.

This kind of formation is a bit like an army, and Zhao Hai has no objection to this kind of formation. When Wen Wenhai and others reorganized the disciples of Xue Shashi, they had already asked him for permission. I also agree, and after this formation, the Blood Killing Sect's battle formation is more powerful than before.

Now I am very familiar with the Magical Formation of the Blood Killing Sect. The Wireless Magical Cube Formation is very flexible and very powerful. The wired Magical Formation is also very powerful, although it is not very powerful. Flexible, but the lines connecting the disciples can sometimes be used as nets. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have even developed several new tactics based on the characteristics of those lines, which are very good.

It can be said that after this year's upgrade, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have become very powerful, and the overall strength of the Blood Killing Sect has also improved a lot, at least three levels higher than before, so this time The year's upgrade is really very important to the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai was sitting in the conference room. He had invited all the elder-level figures of the Blood Killing Sect at one time. Only Zhao Hai, Yao Jianhao and Laura did not arrive. Zhao Hai, Laura and the others were still in the Xuanwu Space. There, Yao Jianhao is still at the Black and White Battlefield. There are people ascending from the lower realm almost every day there. He must train these people well so that they can join the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai looked at these people and said: "Everyone, after more than a year of upgrades, all upgrades of our Blood Killing Sect have been completed. Then it is time for us to expand. Do you have any objections?" Wen Wenhai Now I am very confident, not only because of the upgrade of the Blood Killing Sect in the past year, but also because all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are here, and there are more than 2,000 Blood Killing Battle Castles, so Wen Wenhai is very confident now. confident.

Everyone shook their heads, and Chang Jun said: "We have no way to conduct reconnaissance on what is happening with the power of law of the Shadow Clan, so we can only attack directly. However, I now have no idea about the strength of our Blood Killing Sect. , I am very confident, I believe we can defeat the enemy this time."

Everyone nodded this time. They were very confident in themselves. They believed that they could defeat the enemy. Even if they did not know what the enemy was like, they also believed that they could defeat the enemy because they believed in their own strength. strength.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "For a year, we have been training and upgrading. Now we have the best magic weapon of the Blood Killing Sect and the best victory over the Blood Killing Sect. We have We have improved our own strength to the best. At this time, it is also time for us to attack. This time we must destroy the enemy in one fell swoop and take down the snake world. Baiyan, tomorrow you will command a thousand blood-killing ships. Battle fort, attack the Shadow Clan's law power with all your strength. After arriving at the command location, establish a small base, and then set up a new five-element killing formation. Jiang Shenglin, you command a thousand blood-killing battle forts to follow, alternately When attacking forward, we must expand our territory to the maximum extent in the shortest possible time.”

Both Bai Yan and Jiang Shenglin stood up, saluted Wen Wenhai and said, "Yes, Elder Wen." After saying that, the two of them sat down. The two of them are the chief and deputy officers of the entire Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Fort Legion. Commander, Bai Yan is the chief commander and Jiang Shenglin is the deputy commander.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to Chen Chu and said: "Chen Chu, you command one billion disciples, ready to attack at any time to eliminate all the snakes of the Shadow Clan trapped in our base. Tang Yingyi, you command ten Disciple Yi, then prepare to attack from the base. Regarding the snakes of the Shadow Clan outside, Ding Chunming, your special team, must also be prepared to support the front line at any time. Others are also prepared to rotate, and there will be no problem. Bar?"

Everyone said in unison: "Yes, we honor your order." In fact, they couldn't wait for a long time. They have been waiting for a year, and they can attack. They have been waiting for this day for a long time. , now that they are finally about to attack, they all look a little excited.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, waved his hands and said: "Okay, if there are no problems, that's good. Let's go back and prepare. We will officially start the attack tomorrow." Everyone responded in unison, then turned and left. , they must go back and prepare well. After all, they have been waiting for this war for so long and there is no room for failure.

Watching everyone leave, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath and murmured: "It's finally about to begin. To be honest, I can't wait. Old Chang, do you think our attack will go smoothly this time?" Wen Wenhai really felt a little unsure. After all, the image of those snake balls forming a giant snake a year ago was still deeply imprinted in their minds. If Zhao Hai hadn't taken action at that time, they would have It would be dangerous, and the Snakes of the Shadow Clan evolved based on their weaknesses and their own. I wonder if they have evolved a way to block Zhao Hai's attack in this year. If they really They have evolved a method that can block Zhao Hai's attack, which is not good news for them.

Chang Jun understood what Wen Wenhai meant, and he said in a deep voice: "Old Wen, don't think so much. We'll know when we attack tomorrow, right? There's no need to worry about anything. With the strength of our blood-killing sect, do we still have any chance?" Is there anything to worry about? Even if a giant snake with a length of thousands of miles appears this time, we will not worry. Don’t forget, we can prepare several plans for that giant snake, so you can rest assured Bar."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chang Jun said, he also took a deep breath, calmed down his mood, and then sighed softly and said: "I also know that there is no need to worry, but when things are coming, I have to worry, forget it. Don't think about him anymore. Wait until tomorrow, everything will be known. You are right. I should have confidence in our Blood Killing Sect. I believe that our Blood Killing Sect can defeat all enemies and achieve the final victory. Certainly possible."