c7092 siege city

When Wen Wenhai and the others saw the rows of city walls and the snake men on the walls, they were all surprised. After they saw the materials of the city walls clearly, they were even more surprised. For a while, they were all stunned. No words were spoken. They never thought that those Shadow Clan snakes would put up such a weird defensive formation here to block their way. Looking at the thickness of the city wall, there was also an analysis of the blessing of the Shadow Clan law on the city wall. , they knew very well that it would not be easy to break through the city wall.

Looking at them with white eyes, he said in a deep voice: "The situation here seems a bit weird. Why don't they just erect a city wall and just erect the city wall higher? Why do they have to do this one by one? If it's just If a huge city wall is erected, wouldn't the defense be stronger? Moreover, the snake men also attacked our iron chain tentacles before. Their attack power is very strong. Those snake men destroyed our iron chain with just one shot. The tentacles were repelled, which shows that they are very powerful, but I don’t know what kind of abilities they have.”

Wen Wenhai looked at the city walls and said in a deep voice: "They must have their reasons for doing this. As for the reason, I don't know yet, but just looking at their many city walls, I know that this time they Their defense is very good. By the way, you said that the attack power of those snake men is very strong? Is that true?"

Baiyan nodded and said: "Really, the attack power of those snake men is very powerful. I think you all know how strong our iron chain tentacles are. Although the iron chain tentacles were not in an offensive state at that time, the snake men Being able to stab the chain tentacles back with one shot shows that they are very powerful and their attack power should be very powerful."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Maybe it is because the attack power of those snake people is very powerful, so they built so many city walls, just to allow those snake people to exert their maximum combat effectiveness. If they just erect a huge city wall, then those snake people will have to stay on top of the city wall. In that case, their powerful offensive power will not be able to be used, because the places we can attack are really There are too many. Any place on that huge city wall can become a location for our attack. And they are doing this now. If we send out the Blood Killing Battle Fort, if we want to break through this wall, we must not only face To block the city wall, we also have to face the counterattack of those snakes. If we send ordinary disciples to attack, we will encounter the same situation. Not only do we have to face the resistance of those city walls, but we also have to face the snakes. With this arrangement, they turned a purely defensive city wall into an attackable and defensible city wall."

When Bai Yan and the others heard what he said and looked at the condition of the city wall, they couldn't help but nodded. They were convinced that what he said was very reasonable. Bai Yan frowned and said, "Then what should we do now? Attack directly?" If the Blood Killing Battle Fort is allowed to attack directly, the situation will probably not be too good, right?"

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Of course we will attack directly. Haven't the energy weapons on our Blood Killing Battle Fort been changed? The current killer cannon is very different from the previous energy cannon. We will use the current The killer cannon directly releases energy beasts to attack their city walls. I don’t believe it. We can’t break through their city walls yet.”

Several people nodded, but Ding Chunming looked at the projection and said in a deep voice: "Our Blood Killing Sect had a lot of very high-level magic weapons before, and they are now being maintained in the sect's Yin-Yang Thunder Pond. I See, we can make a request to the young master and ask for a few magic weapons. Because those magic weapons have been warmed for a long time, their own energy has turned into a law-like power. Using such magic weapons It should be easier to deal with this city wall. The best way to deal with the magic circle is still the power of the magic circle."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Ding Chunming said, they all nodded. They also knew that the Blood Killing Sect actually had a lot of high-level magic weapons, and these magic weapons had been kept in the Blood Killing Sect's Yin-Yang Thunder Pond. However, the power of the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond is very powerful. After being nourished by the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond, those magic weapons that are already very powerful will naturally become more powerful. It is normal for law energy to be bred in them.

The reason why the Shadow Clan's city wall is so difficult to break is because the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, after being compressed and condensed, is used on the city wall. This allows the city wall to have the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so Their defense power is so amazing. Without the blessing and protection of this power of law, those snakes would not be able to block the energy weapons of the Blood Killing Sect.

And what Ding Chunming said is to invite those magic weapons out, and then use the power of laws in those magic weapons to break the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Then they will win, because as long as the shadow clan can If the power of the clan's law is broken, they can use the five elements' killing energy to directly break through their defense line. They are still very confident about this.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "This is a good idea, but I think we can first let the energy beasts released by the killer cannon try it out. If those energy beasts can break through this line of defense, then we will There is no need to use those magic weapons anymore. I heard that the sect master integrated those magic circles into Xuanwu Island when he made Xuanwu Island. If we invite those magic weapons, the sect master might send Xuanwu Island here. "

When Ding Chunming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he thought about it and nodded: "Okay, that's it, let's attack first and then see what happens in the end. If we can really use that energy It would be best if the beast breaks through these lines of defense. If not, we are thinking of other ways."

Wen Wenhai nodded, turned to look at the others, and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then it's settled, let's take action." Everyone agreed, and then Baiyan directly directed the energy on the Blood Killing Battle Fort The weapon was directly adjusted to the launch column of the energy beast, and then it was put into use directly.

In fact, this kind of energy beast is an attack method of array energy. All energy weapons are all attack methods of array energy, but the energy released is slightly different. As for ordinary energy beasts, although they It is in the shape of a beast, but in fact it is just a difference in shape. When it is launched, because the energy is affected by the shape of the beast, the long-distance trajectory will have some changes, and there is nothing magical about it.

However, the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect are different. After many studies on the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect, they found that some Yin attribute ghost summoning spells were added to the energy beast array. Combining this array with the energy beast array, the energy beasts emitted will have a certain degree of intelligence. Of course, this intelligence does not mean that the energy beast is really alive and alive. That's not the case. This kind of gnosis can only be said to give the energy beast a hint of beast instinct, and this is enough, not much is needed.

It is precisely because of this trace of beast instinct that the energy beast of the Blood Killer Sect looks a little more alive than other people's energy beasts. It makes people feel that this energy beast is alive and he can hide. When launching an enemy's attack, he will also choose the attack method that is most suitable for him, so the energy beast attack of the Blood Killer Sect is actually very powerful.

Following Bai Yan's order, the Blood Killing Sect directly fired the killing cannon, and with the firing of the killing cannon, energy beasts suddenly appeared in front of the Blood Killing Sect army. These energy beasts Their bodies are all very huge, among which the gray one is the five-element killer energy beast, the red one is the fire-type energy beast, the blue one is the water-type energy beast, the cyan one is the wind-type energy beast, and the yellow one is the earth-type energy beast. Energy beasts, the silver ones are gold-based energy beasts, the green ones are wood-based energy beasts, the white ones are light-based energy beasts, the gold ones are energy beasts with Buddha power added, and the black ones are cursed powers. Energy beast.

These energy beasts come in all shapes, but most of them appear in the form of dragons, phoenixes, tigers, lions, oxen, elephants, and other beasts. Therefore, as soon as these energy beasts are released, the sky above the Blood Killing Sect will immediately Then all the beasts roared together, and it was so noisy that it seemed very lively.

However, those energy beasts immediately began to attack. They rushed towards the Shadow Clan's defense. Wen Wenhai and the others were behind, nervously looking at the energy beasts. They were really not sure. These energy beasts It can solve the opponent's defense line. After all, the opponent's defense line seems to be too strong now.

At this time, Wen Wenhai heard a voice: "Elder Wen, our army is ready, do we need to attack now?" This voice came from Chen Chu, who was now commanding the Blood Killing Sect. Disciple, this time the Blood Killing Sect dispatched one billion disciples at once. This number is very huge, and the commander-in-chief of these one billion disciples is Chen Chu. He was preparing to launch an attack on the Snake of the Shadow Clan, but when Here on the front line, he had also realized that something was wrong, so he had not attacked. Now he finally couldn't help it and wrote to Wen Wenhai to ask him.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chen Chu said, he immediately said: "Chen Chu, immediately form a large array of energy beasts, launch energy beasts, and attack the laws of the Shadow Clan. In their laws, there is a line of defense made up of many It is composed of a city wall. You should immediately organize all the disciples to form a large array of energy beasts and launch the energy beasts. Remember, the bigger the array, the better, and the more powerful the energy beasts are, the better, and faster."

Wen Wenhai already knows that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been training in this area in the real illusion for this year, so it is actually very easy to form an energy beast array, so he He immediately ordered Chen Chu to form a large array of energy beasts, and the bigger the better. Chen Chu had a billion disciples in his hands. If he could really form a large array of these billion disciples, then If the energy beast is released, then the power of this energy beast must be very huge. Unfortunately, Chen Chu is not able to do this yet.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.