c7095 Blood killing knife

Chang Jun already knew their plan from Wen Wenhai, so he was also prepared. Although the second echelon's attack was already prepared, Chang Jun left behind a hundred blood-killing battle forts. , so that they did not participate in the war, and at the same time, the blood-killing battle forts were reduced in size, ready to fight through the teleportation array at any time. In these blood-killing battle forts, the first blood-killing battle fort was filled with millions of people. One hundred blood-killing battle forts can carry 100 million people, and these people are enough.

The previous Blood Killing Battle Fort could not hold people when it was shrunk, but the current Blood Killing Battle Fort can. This is also the effect of the upgrade of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, so Chang Jun sent out all at once this time. A hundred blood-killing battle forts were built, and 100 million blood-killing sect disciples were sent deep into the enemy's rear.

However, Chang Jun and the others are not prepared to let these Blood Killing Sect disciples who are deep behind enemy lines attack the city wall defense line in turn, because there is no need at all. As long as they really set up the Five Elements Killing Formation, then they can wait until At that time, when we attack the city wall defense line, we can easily wipe out all the enemies on the city wall defense line.

So after Chang Jun received Wen Wenhai's order, he immediately ordered the 100 blood-killing battle forts that had been prepared to go directly to the teleportation array, and appeared directly behind the enemy's lines built by the puppet disciples. In the small base, after the Blood Killing Battle Fort arrived, the disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Fort immediately rushed out from the Blood Killing Battle Fort. They first cleaned up all the snakes in the base, and then The Blood Killing Battle Fort immediately grew in size, and then rushed out of the small base. Waiting for the arrival of other Blood Killing Battle Forts outside the small base, it also began to attack all the snakes around it.

As the Blood Killing Battle Forts appeared one by one, the last hundred Blood Killing Battle Forts all appeared around this small base, and then the Blood Killing Battle Forts began to rush around. They did not act alone, but The ten Blood Killing Battle Forts formed an action team and started collective action. This was also the practice of the Blood Killing Sect.

And what they did also attracted the attention of the Shadow Clan's Law Power. The Shadow Clan's Law Power not only began to use the power of the Law to suppress the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but also began to attack the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Attack Those who killed the battle fort were all big snakes and snake balls.

But the current blood-killing battle fort is no longer the blood-killing battle fort of the past. The current blood-killing battle fort not only has the Five Elements Killing Formation as an energy shield, but their energy weapons have also become very powerful. The name "Death Cannon" is not just thrown around casually, its lethality is astonishing.

As huge energy beasts appeared around the Blood Killing Castle, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws seemed to realize that it was impossible to stop the Blood Killing Clan's attack. All those snake balls retreated, directly It disappeared. Along with those snake balls, there was also the city wall defense line that was fighting against the Blood Killing Sect.

What the Shadow Clan did was something that no one in the Blood Killing Sect had ever thought of. They never thought that the Shadow Clan’s power of law could be so simple. They were about to use their force behind enemy lines, but they found that the enemy had already The surrender surprised Wen Wenhai and the others, and they even wondered if this was a trick by the enemy.

But soon they discovered that this was not the enemy's weirdness, the enemy had really retreated, because Wulong and the others sent by Wen Wenhai to reconnoiter had already seen the blood-killing battle forts that went deep into the enemy's rear. Now they have It cannot be considered behind enemy lines because the enemy has disappeared.

Really disappeared, so many city walls and those snake-men turned into black smoke and disappeared in front of everyone. Then all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws also disappeared. The enemy retreated so completely, so absolutely. Decision, this is something Wen Wenhai and the others did not expect at all.

But no matter what, now that the enemy has retreated and they have won, they can continue to do the next thing. The next step is to set up the Five Elements Killing Formation and expand their territory. Only in this way, their Only then will the strength become stronger and the confidence will be greater to challenge the power of Shadow Clan's laws.

Because there was no attack from the power of the Shadow Clan's law, the establishment of the Five Elements Ultimate Array was very smooth. Soon the Five Elements Ultimate Array was established. At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others were truly He breathed a sigh of relief, because all the enemies had retreated. There was no one trapped in their Five Elements Killing Formation at all, so naturally there was no need to clean up the inside of the base. They only needed to lay down the magic circle. The speed was so Much faster.

However, these things can be left to his disciples. Wen Wenhai and the others gathered in the conference room and prepared to discuss the next action. This time they won, but what will happen next? attack, but it still needs to be discussed.

Wen Wenhai looked at the people gathered in the conference room and said, "It was actually a bit of luck that we were able to defeat the enemy this time. We were able to open a gap in the city wall so smoothly. It must be because the enemy was careless. , they didn’t expect that our energy beast would be so strong, so they didn’t put up the strongest defense, but the next moment, I don’t think it will be so easy.”

Everyone nodded. They all saw the energy beast's attack this time. The opening of the first gap was really an accident, and the opening of the second gap was entirely caused by the enemy because of the appearance of the first gap. They panicked and failed to make the most correct reaction. That was why this happened. This battle only opened those two gaps, because the enemy then made adjustments. It was no longer possible for them to open the gaps. So Wen Wenhai was right when he said that they were lucky enough to win this time.

Chang Jun then said: "The enemy has also learned to be smart. After they saw that we were about to complete the encirclement, they retreated immediately. Although we did not do our best, we can actually discover some things from it, for example, The enemy's strength should not be infinite. If they lose a piece of strength, their own strength will become weaker, so they will retreat. If the enemy's strength is really strong and infinite, then they will completely There is no need to do that, they can leave those here and fight us desperately, which will also cost us a lot of manpower."

Everyone nodded. They felt that what Chang Jun said was very reasonable. If the enemy's power was really infinite, then the enemy could leave the people surrounded here to eliminate their effective strength. However, The enemy did not do this. They simply asked those people to retreat, which meant that the strength of these enemies would actually be consumed.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "This is the best. This also proves that we have not done nothing in vain. Then we can continue to deal with the enemy. But I really want to hear everyone's opinions on how to deal with the enemy next. If the enemy comes up with another way to deal with our energy beast, what should we do?"

Ding Chunming said at this time: "I still think we should ask the young master if our Blood Killing Sect still has those powerful weapons. If so, bring us some, and our combat effectiveness should be improved." You have to be stronger." Ding Chunming has always had this opinion, so he raised it again and again here.

Before everyone could speak, they heard a voice saying: "No need to ask, I can lend you the Blood Killing Sword, my Blood Killing Sect's weapon to suppress the clan. Remember, just take apart the Blood Killing Sword, and then use it on On each Blood Killing Battle Fortress, place a fragment of the Blood Killing Sect on your eyes, and you can use it. Place the fragments of the Blood Killing Sword on the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool that provides energy for energy weapons, so that in the energy beasts you launch, There will be a trace of the law of murderous intent, so that the enemy's law can be broken." After saying that, a thick-backed sword suddenly appeared on the table in the conference room. This thick-backed sword was blood red all over. , but the body of the knife was full of broken lines, and it looked like a broken knife. But when the knife was placed on the table, it made everyone feel cold. They seemed to hear countless innocent souls screaming in agony. The sound is the same, which makes people feel a chill rising from their hearts.

The voice that spoke before was naturally that of Zhao Hai. Now everyone knows that this Blood Killing Sword was lent to them by Zhao Hai, so everyone in the Blood Killing Sect looked excited for a while, and then everyone stood up and shouted at him. The sword bowed and said, "Thank you, sect master." Since Zhao Hai didn't show up from the beginning to the end, they had no choice but to do this.

Zhao Hai did not make a sound, but Wen Wenhai held up the knife with both hands, looked at it carefully, and then carefully put it away. Then he turned to everyone and said: "You have all heard what the sect master said, then Do this, disassemble the knife, and then send it to the various blood-killing battle forts. Baiyan, I will leave this matter to you." Baiyan nodded without saying anything.

Wen Wenhai then said in a deep voice: "Maybe some of you don't know the origin of this sword, so I will tell you carefully. This sword is the Blood Killing Sword, the treasure of the Blood Killing Sect. The first generation leader of the Blood Killing Sect carried a sword with him. He founded the Blood Killing Sect with this sword. Later, all the heads of the Blood Killing Sect would warm and nourish this sword, so this sword has The power is actually very powerful."

He paused for a moment, then said: "Later, the sect leader joined the Blood Killing Sect. He was just a dead soldier of the Blood Killing Sect at first, then became a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, and finally became a member of the Blood Killing Sect. The core disciples, but at this time, the Blood Killing Sect suddenly encountered a disaster. The upper realm power of the Blood Killing Sect suddenly passed away. The other sect leaders united to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, and even the upper realm power took action against the Blood Killing Sect. , but the Blood Killing Sect at that time did not surrender. They concentrated the power of all the masters in the sect and used the Blood Killing Sword to fight against the Great Master of the Upper Realm. Finally, they used the Blood Killing Sword to injure the Great Master of the Upper Realm, and the Great Master of the Upper Realm was injured. In a fit of rage, Neng used all his strength to destroy the Blood Killing Sect. The sect leader was not killed because he was out doing sect tasks. When he knew something was wrong with the sect, he immediately returned to the sect leader. But he found it was too late, he rescued Chang Jun and the others, and then found all the fragments of the Blood Killing Sword to form the current Blood Killing Sword, rebuilt the Blood Killing Sect, and has passed it down to this day."