c7098 Dragon Roar

Bai Yan made some arrangements again, and then came out of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Now that the Blood Killing Battle Fort has entered the base, they don't need to move anymore. They can just use it as a fixed fort, so he directly After coming out of the bloody battle fort, he had to meet Wen Wenhai.

When Bai Yan arrived at the door of the base's conference room, he saw Wen Wenhai and the others standing there looking at the big snake outside. Their faces were very solemn. When they saw him coming, Wen Wenhai just looked at him. He nodded, and then said: "Fortunately, you reminded us that we have raised the shield level of the base, otherwise it would be really dangerous. I really didn't expect that such a big guy would appear. This everyone You guys don’t seem to be afraid of our Five Elements Killing Formation at all.”

Baiyan nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I noticed that this big guy is different from the snake balls and giant snakes we have seen before. Whether it is snake balls or giant snakes we have seen before, Well, they are all made up of small snakes entangled together, but this big guy is not, he is a whole, he is a big snake."

When Bai Yan said this, Wen Wenhai and the others nodded. Then Wen Wenhai glanced around, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's go in and discuss it. We must kill this big guy, otherwise we will be in danger." Well, the attack power of this big guy is very powerful. It destroyed more than fifty blood-killing battle forts in one go. The main bodies of those blood-killing battle forts have been somewhat deformed and must be made again. In this way We must destroy the big guy."

Everyone nodded, and then followed Wen Wenhai back to the conference room. As soon as he entered the conference room, Wen Wenhai didn't waste any words and said directly: "Tell me, is there any good way to kill this big guy?" He There was no time to talk about those scenes now. Anyway, there were all his own people here, and it was very dangerous with the information, so he asked directly. They had to come up with a good way in the shortest possible time. , otherwise, they should stop thinking about attacking. With this big guy guarding the outside, what else can they attack? It would be good if they can defend the base.

Bai Yan said: "You can let the disciples form a large formation, summon a larger energy beast, add the law of killing intent to the energy beast, and then go out to fight this big guy. You must ask the elders of Jiu Suan to take action. Okay, the formation we formed is still not big enough."

Wen Wenhai nodded and turned to look at Old Man Jiu Suan. Old Man Jiu Suan nodded immediately and said, "I'll go right away. Give me some fragments of the Blood Killing Sword. I have to make arrangements right away." ." Everyone nodded, and then Chen Chu took out a hundred fragments of the blood-killing knife and handed them to the old man Jiu Suan.

Without saying a word, the old man Jiu Suan took the fragment and turned around and left. When the old man Jiu Suan left, Wen Wenhai continued and said: "Besides this method, everyone is thinking about whether there is any other way. If the giant beasts raised by Elder Jiu Suan and the others are still unable to destroy the giant snake, what should we do?"

Ding Chunming said: "You can gather all the fragments and turn them into a blood-killing knife. Although the blood-killing knife is broken, the other parts have been transformed by the young master. When combined into a sword, it can still exert great power." , is no worse than before. On the contrary, because it has been warmed for a long time, it can exert great power.

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, nodded and said: "Okay, if the plan of Elder Jiu Suan and others fails, then it will be left to you. I must kill the big snake. If I can't kill the big snake, then We and he will have no choice but to be trapped here, and if things don’t work out, we will have to ask the sect leader to take action again.”

Everyone nodded. In fact, apart from the two methods mentioned by Ding Chunming and Bai Yan, they really can't think of any other way to deal with the eight-headed giant snake. The defense of the eight-headed giant snake. It's really too strong. Their weapons don't seem to be of any use against the giant snake. In addition, the giant snake doesn't seem to be afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation. In other words, they don't even have any method to restrain the giant snake now. nothing.

If the methods Bai Yan and Ding Chunming said still don't work, then they may really have no choice but to ask Zhao Hai to take action, because apart from asking Zhao Hai to take action, they really can't think of any other way. They said, concentrate their strength and use the blood-killing sword together. This is the strongest attack they can use now. If this method doesn't work, then they really have nothing to do.

Wen Wenhai also knew this, so he glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Let's go out and have a look. I hope the energy beast created by Elder Jiu Suan and the others can kill the giant snake. Otherwise, We can only use the last resort." After saying that, he led everyone to leave the conference room at once.

When everyone arrived outside, they found that Elder Jiu Suan was commanding countless Blood Killing Sect disciples and forming a large formation. This formation was really too big and was composed of 100 million Blood Killing Sect disciples. Originally, this The large array cannot use so many people, because what they are using now is a Rubik's Cube array, and in this Rubik's Cube array, the magic array used is nothing more than a three-dimensional magic array. This three-dimensional magic array Not everyone in the Rubik's Cube formation can be used, but the giant snake to be dealt with this time is really too big. In order to be able to take care of the giant snake, Old Man Jiu Suan arranged it in this way. In a large formation, those Blood Killing Sect disciples who are not in the formation will stretch out an energy line from their armor to connect with other people, so that they can give their energy to those people. This big The power of the formation will naturally be greater. After all, the energy in the formation has increased a lot, so the power of the formation will naturally be greater.

This is a method that Old Man Jiusuan just came up with, and he feels that this method can still be put to good use. If we encounter more powerful enemies in the future, the number of disciples who provide energy to the formation can be increased at once. , you can let other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also provide them with energy, and the power of the formation will be even greater.

Because this formation is so big, it takes a long time to prepare. It took nearly two hours for this formation to be ready. The reason why it took so long is firstly because of the people who made up this formation. There are too many. The second is because it is the first time for Old Man Jiu Suan to form such a large formation, so it naturally takes him longer. The third is that the original arrangement of such a large formation is not all in the Rubik's Cube formation. Everyone participated, but now it is equivalent to everyone participating. If it is arranged like this, it will naturally take longer.

After the formation was set up, Old Man Jiuzuan was dripping with sweat, but he still came to Wen Wenhai and the others with excitement on his face, then saluted to Wen Wenhai and said: "Elder Wen, everything is ready. You can attack at any time."

When Wen Wenhai heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, he nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's take action." The old man Jiu Suan responded, and then he moved directly to the side of the big formation. This time the big formation , he is only responsible for the arrangement and command, and will not actually participate in the formation, so he only goes to the side of the formation and does not enter the formation.

The old man with nine calculations took another look at the formation, recalculated the situation of the formation, and found that all the formation symbols were correct and the positions were completely correct. Then he said: "Everyone, pay attention, I will count three times." After that, everyone activates the array talisman at the same time. The disciple whose array talisman is located must activate the array talisman as soon as possible, and everyone else must input energy to him immediately. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand." The disciples in the formation replied in unison. Their voices were not very loud. After all, they all have communication arrays. Old Man Jiu Suan also issued orders through the communication array, so everyone answered When speaking, you don’t need to be too loud, just say it towards the communication circle.

But even so, the sound was still very loud. After all, 100 million people spoke at the same time, so it would be strange for the sound to be so small. After calculating the time, the old man found no problem with anyone, so he calculated the time, and then shouted to the communication circle: "Three, two, one, start."

Following his voice, the disciples immediately activated the magic array. The disciples in the array talisman position immediately activated the array talismans, while the other disciples immediately began to transmit energy, and the entire array was suddenly bright. The old man Jiu Suan could no longer see clearly the situation of the formation. He immediately said: "The talisman disciples of each formation will report to you whether there is anything abnormal about the situation of the formation talismans." The old man Jiu Suan knew very well that such a big one If there is a slight mistake in the magic circle, it may fail when the energy beast is actually launched, and the magic circle after the failure may have a backlash effect. By that time, I am afraid that all those participating in this big formation will The disciples will be injured or even die directly. Even their base may be affected. After all, there are too many disciples involved this time.

"The array symbols at position 1 are normal." "The array symbols at position 2 are normal." "The array symbols at position 3 are normal." "The array symbols at position 4 are normal." "The array symbols at position 5 are normal."... reports one after another The sound started until the last person finished reporting. The old man Jiu Suan nodded, and then he shouted to the communication circle: "Okay, start it."

Following his voice, the entire formation lit up with a white light. The next moment, a huge dragon roar came out from the formation, and then a huge dragon head slowly emerged from the formation. The dragon's head is gray, with a pair of huge antlers on its head, a horse face on its neck, brown hair like a lion, and a body like a snake, covered with gray The scales and eagle-like claws also look very powerful.

As his figure slowly emerged from the magic circle, people discovered that he had five claws, and his length was about ten thousand miles. He looked unparalleled and domineering, and he let out a dragon roar. His extremely powerful aura was already felt, and everyone couldn't help but feel a chill in their hearts.