c7091 city ​​wall

Early the next morning, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were ready for the battle. This time, the Blood Killing Sect could send out a thousand Blood Killing Battle Fortresses and one billion disciples as attack troops. There are a thousand blood-killing battle forts and a billion disciples as a reserve team, which shows how determined they are.

Following Wen Wenhai's order, a thousand Blood Killing Battle Fortresses sailed out directly from the Blood Killing Sect's base. This time, they did not fly in the sky, but sailed forward directly from the ground. Go, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were ready to fight outside lined up in a neat Rubik's Cube formation, followed the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and flew out of the Blood Killing Sect's base.

There is a distance of fifty miles between the base of the Blood Killing Sect and the place controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's Law. However, this distance is really nothing to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Even half a In less than an hour, they have already reached the outer edge of the Shadow Clan's law power. This is the reason why they deliberately slowed down. If they had speeded up, they would have reached the outer edge of the Shadow Clan's law power long ago.

Arriving at the periphery of the power of the Shadow Clan's Laws, the Blood Killing Battle Forts of the Blood Killing Sect stopped for a moment. They stood in the Blood Killing Battle Fort with white eyes and looked at the projection inside the war fort. What was displayed on this projection was the Shadow Clan's Law. The situation in the power, but he can't see anything now, because the shadow clan's power of law is always dark.

Bai Yan took a deep breath. This time before the attack, he already had a clue about the attack, so he directly ordered: "Everyone in the first team of the Blood Killing Battle Fort is paying attention. According to the original plan, arrange five rows. Hurry." Following his order, the Blood Killing Battle Fort formed five horizontal rows in the shortest time. Apparently before the attack, Baiyan had already discussed what to do with the commanding troops of each Blood Killing Battle Fort. Battle plan.

After all the blood-killing battle forts were lined up, Baiyan said in a deep voice: "The first row of blood-killing battle forts obey the order, and the iron chain tentacle attack begins. Pay attention, be sure to pay attention to the projection array on the iron chain tentacles. Look. See what's in the power of Shadow Clan's laws, take action." So the commanders of the Blood Killing Battle Fort all responded, and then the first row of Blood Killing Battle Forts all released their iron chain tentacles. These iron chain tentacles Although there are only seventy-two, the length of all blood chain tentacles has reached three hundred miles, and there are many laws on them. The projection array that Bai Yan mentioned before is just one of them.

The iron chain tentacles of the Blood Killing Sect now have multiple functions in one, including pathfinding, attacking, transmitting energy, and can even be used for rescue purposes, because the barbs on these tentacles can be retracted. , after the barbs are retracted, a substance will appear on these tentacles. This substance is a substance from the monster beast. It is a bit like the suction cups on the octopus tentacles, which can absorb human energy. Rescue can be achieved, but if someone encounters any danger, this tentacle can reach out, suck the person in, and then pull them back. It is very useful.

This tentacle was made by the famous people, referring to the tentacles of octopuses, the elephants of elephants, etc. There are many mechanisms in it. It can be said to be the most important thing in the Blood Killing Battle Castle. It is also the weapon with the highest technical content in the entire Blood Killing Battle Fort.

And all the blood-killing battle forts are equipped with light brains. This kind of light brain is the control light brain of the blood-killing battle fort. The entire blood-killing battle fort is controlled by this main light brain. Baiyan only needs to give orders. , the brain alone can control all the functions in the Blood Killing Castle, which is very powerful.

The tentacles on the Blood Killing Battle Fort were very flexible. They stretched out directly from the bottom of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, like the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. But just as these tentacles entered the Shadow Clan's When the power of law was in, it seemed as if it hit something and stopped moving forward.

And Bai Yan also saw what the tentacles touched through the projection array on the iron chain tentacles. It was a wall, a black wall. This discovery made Bai Yan a little surprised. He never thought that he would actually be here. It was surprising to encounter a wall.

The Blood Killing Sect has fought many enemies. On the Black and White battlefield, when they attacked the Shadow Clan, they encountered resistance from the Shadow Clan. At that time, the Shadow Clan borrowed the power of the city wall, but when they arrived at the sound wave interface, what they encountered was They are all sonic attacks. Although there are various illusions there, they have almost never encountered the opponent's city walls, and those are all illusions and will disappear completely if they hit them.

And here in the snake world, the only opponents they encountered from the very beginning were snakes. How come there is a city wall here now? what 's wrong? Bai Yan was surprised, so he commanded the iron chain to explore the situation of this side. Soon they discovered that this was really a black city wall, and the height was about fifteen feet. When the chain tentacle reached the top of the city wall, he suddenly saw the tip of a spear, which grew from small to large, and pierced the chain tentacle in one stroke. This stroke was fast and accurate, and the chain tentacle was pierced in one stroke. They were stung so hard that they stepped back, but fortunately the projection array on the iron chain tentacles was not damaged. Although they were startled by the sudden increase in the size of the spear tip, they recovered quickly, and then They also saw the situation on the city wall.

This city wall is very simple. It is just an ordinary city wall. There are also battlements on the city wall. Apart from the battlements, there is nothing else. There are no arrow towers, city towers, or city gates. There is nothing but the city wall. However, there were people standing on the wall, a group of very strong-looking people holding spears in their hands.

But if you take a closer look, you will notice something is wrong. The people on these walls are all strong men. The muscle mesh on their bodies looks very strong, but if you look carefully, you will find that the muscles on their skin are very strong. , there seems to be a layer of thin scales, and the scales form patterns, which look like snake skin. If you look carefully, you will find that the lower bodies of these strong men are not human legs, but rough snake tails.

The appearance of these strong men is also very strange. The fingers of their hands are very long, and they also have long nails. The nails are very sharp and have some slightly curved hooks, just like a handful of small iron hooks. The same, and their heads are even more peculiar. Their heads are actually triangular, with no hair and no eyebrows. In their eyes, there seems to be a circle of dark circles, far away. It looked like they had a pair of eyes, but the pupils of their eyes were as firm as snakes.

Four fangs protruded from their mouths, just like snake fangs, and their mouths would open from time to time. A long tongue with a fork at the front would come out of their mouths from time to time. When they stick out and shake twice, it looks like a snake's tongue, and their appearance also looks very vicious.

When he saw these three-pointers who looked like humans and seven-pointers who looked like snakes, Byakugan couldn't help but take a breath. However, he did not start attacking immediately. Instead, he let the iron chain tentacles stretch upward. He wanted to see Look at what else is on the city wall. If the city wall is only this high, it will be impossible to block their attack. After all, their blood-killing battle forts can fly, and they can fly from above the city wall. Fly over.

But when Bai Yan looked up, he was stunned because he discovered that there was another city wall on top of this city wall. This city wall was just hanging in the air, and this city wall also had Fifteen feet high, there are also those snake-like people on it for defense, but the distance between the two city walls is only less than five meters. In other words, the city wall below is less than five meters high. Meters away, there is a city wall, and this city wall hangs in mid-air.

Bai Yan thought of a possibility. He once again stretched the iron chain tentacles high. Sure enough, there was another city wall above the second city wall. It was almost the same as the first two city walls, and there was also a third city wall on it. The fourth path, the fifth path, the sixth path, even the seventh path, the eighth path, the ninth path...

When Byakugan counted to the twentieth, he stopped counting, because he knew very well that there was no need to continue counting. Now he also understood what the enemy was planning. The enemy just wanted to use these walls to block During their attack, Bai Yan had just seen the thickness of the city wall, which was about ten feet. Most importantly, the information uploaded by the tentacle just now also showed that there was also a strong shadow clan law on the city wall. Blessed by force, it is still the compressed and condensed power of the Shadow Clan's laws. In other words, it is not easy to break through these walls.

Bai Yan's brows couldn't help but frown, and then he immediately took out the communication array and directly told Wen Wenhai about the situation here. Then he carefully observed the city wall, and soon he discovered that the city wall seemed not to be the same. It is not made of ordinary stones or city bricks, but is made up of snakes intertwined together. These snakes look weird. They are all black. In addition, the scales of this snake are very thin. If you don't look carefully, you won't be able to spot the snake's scales, which makes people think it's just a city wall. In fact, it's not a simple city wall, it's simply a snake wall!

As soon as he saw that the city wall turned out to be a snake wall, his white-eyed expression changed, and then he immediately told Wen Wenhai the news. He knew very well that these things must be known to Wen Wenhai, otherwise they would affect Wen Wenhai. Hai and others' judgment of the situation, if their judgment of the situation is wrong, the consequences will be disastrous.

However, Bai Yan did not expect that after he had just spoken to Wen Wenhai, Wen Wenhai would appear directly in the bloody battle fort under his command, accompanied by Chang Jun, Ding Chunming and Zhu Yong. As soon as he saw several of them arriving at the same time, Bai Yan immediately saluted them and said, "I have met several elders."

Wen Wenhai waved his hands and said: "Okay, you don't have to be polite to us. Although I was talking to you just now, what you said was still unclear, so let's take a look and see what is going on here. Son, make the projection clearer and let’s take a closer look.”

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.