c7093 Breakthrough

Chen Chu really can't do it. He can form a big formation of one billion people at a time. The most he can do now is to form a big formation of 10 million people at a time. But even so, it's already very big. It’s amazing. Ten million people form a large array. That’s equivalent to ten million small arrays forming a large array. Each of these tens of millions of small arrays has a yin and yang. The thunder pool is used as an energy source, so if these tens of millions of small arrays form a large array, you can imagine how powerful it is.

In the Blood Killing Sect, if you want to organize 100 million people to form a huge magic circle, only a few people from Shenji Hall can achieve this ability, including the famous old man Jiu Suan. and Zhang Hongliang are all the top figures in Shenji Hall. Even so, 100 million people is already their limit.

In the Blood Killing Sect, who can form a large formation with one billion people at once? Only Zhao Hai can achieve such an ability, but now that Zhao Hai is not here, everyone like them is famous. They all have their own things to be busy with, so naturally they can't come to the front line, so the front line can only be left to Chen Chu. And Chen Chu also followed Wen Wenhai's request and tried his best to organize all the disciples. A huge array of energy beasts with 10 million people each.

One hundred huge magic formations were formed in less than half an hour. Then Chen Chu gave an order, and immediately a hundred huge energy beasts suddenly emerged from their formation. Appeared out of the middle, these giant beasts are very huge, each one is about a thousand miles in length, and their bodies look like entities. Except for the fact that the entire energy beast's body glows slightly, there is no way to tell what it is. An energy beast, just like a real monster beast.

As soon as these energy beasts appeared in the air, they looked up to the sky and roared, like beasts that had been locked up for a long time before being released. Then these energy beasts rushed straight towards the Shadow Clan's defense line. The Shadow Clan's defense line, because Their stature is very huge, and their temperament is naturally very amazing after this impact.

As for the energy beasts released from the Blood Killing Battle Castle, the longest one is only about a hundred miles away, which is more than ten times different. However, now these energy beasts are all rushing towards the Shadow Clan city wall, and the snake people on the wall are , also saw these energy beasts rushing up, and some snake men immediately roared, and each snake man was ready to fight.

The roars of these snake-men are very strange. They sound like huge tires being deflated, making bursts of sharp hissing sounds. The sound is very amazing and terrifying, but those energy beasts are It seemed that he didn't hear it at all and rushed straight towards the city wall.

And those snake men suddenly had bursts of black light on their bodies, and then this light seemed to be combined with the city wall under them. There seemed to be black light flowing on the city wall, and then all the black light poured in. After reaching the bodies of those snake men, the black light finally focused on the spears in the hands of the snake men.

When the black light flashed on the spears in the hands of the snake men, the snake men let out a wild shout, and then thrust out a spear. As their spears thrust out, a huge black energy spear emerged from his spear. , flew out directly, and stabbed those energy beasts. This black spear was also very huge. It seemed to be about a hundred miles long, and it was extremely solid, as if it was made of black crystal. The same, very beautiful.

The same goes for those energy beasts. Although they look like real monsters and are not transparent, they always give people a crystal clear feeling. This feeling also looks very beautiful, making those energy beasts There was actually a touch of sacredness about the beast.

But soon, those energy beasts collided with the energy guns released by the snake men. Those energy beasts also wanted to shoot away the attacks of those energy guns, but the momentum of those energy beasts was too fast. There was no way to escape, so those energy beasts chose to hit them directly.

When the energy beasts and the energy guns collided, a bang was heard. The energy beasts instantly transformed into a ball of scattered violent energy and disappeared. The energy guns also looked the same, and they all turned into The scattered energy disappeared directly. Although the scattered energy was very strong, it could not affect other energy guns and energy beasts. They were already very powerful, how could they still be afraid of the scattered Wuzhu? What about energy.

A loud roar came, and the sound spread very far, but it could not stop the energy beasts behind, especially those thousands of miles long energy beasts. They were still roaring and rushing forward crazily, while on the city wall The snake men thrust their spears forward again and again, letting their energy spears stab the energy beasts one after another.

But there is no way. Although those snake people are working very hard, the number of energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect is too much. Although those snake people have been stabbing out energy guns desperately, there are still countless energy beasts that have rushed towards them. When they arrived in front of the defense line, those energy beasts could fly. They flew directly to the same height as the city walls, and then climbed up the city wall. At the same time, they used their claws to scratch the city wall from time to time. It was obvious that they I want to tear down the city wall.

But just when those energy beasts climbed onto the city wall, those snake men immediately stabbed them with a shot. This was an energy gun fired at close range. When they heard a bang, the energy beast disappeared, and the snake The man's body also retreated straight back until it reached the edge of the city wall, and then stopped.

At this time, another energy beast also climbed to the edge of the city wall. When he was about to climb up the city wall, he saw the snake man's tail flexed sharply, and then his whole body was like a spring. He bounced up and rushed towards the energy beast. At the same time, he roared and stabbed forward hard with the spear in his hand. The energy beast was beaten and disappeared into the air, but he was He flew backwards once, but when he stopped, he immediately flexed his tail and bounced directly back to the city wall. At this time, another energy beast appeared on the city wall.

This energy beast is a tiger. The tiger's head is so huge that it is impossible to squeeze into the gap like the city wall. He is trying hard to claw the city wall. The snake man doesn't even think about it. He stabbed it with one shot. At this moment, a bang was heard. The snake man's shot directly hit the tiger's head, leaving a big hole in the tiger's head.

If the tiger was a real monster, he would be dead now, but unfortunately, the tiger is not a real monster, he is just an energy beast, so he is not dead, but that The tiger still heard a loud roar, and then he opened his mouth wide, and a puff of white air spurted out from his mouth.

The white air sprayed on the snake man's body. The snake man's body was immediately covered with a thick layer of ice, and his whole body turned into a huge ice sculpture. He stood there unable to move. Then the giant tiger roared, and the ice sculpture shattered. The snake man inside the ice sculpture turned into a wisp of black smoke and disappeared.

Not only the snake, but also a large part of the city wall disappeared immediately, but the city wall was squirming. It seemed that it wouldn't take long for the city wall to return to its original appearance again, but the giant tiger obviously did too. After discovering this, he would not let the city wall recover, so he immediately sprayed another breath of white air onto the city wall. The next moment, the city wall was frozen by the white mist, and then a tiger roared, and the area A huge hole was opened in the city wall, just big enough for the giant tiger to get through.

Just when the giant tiger was about to get through the hole, several huge energy guns suddenly shot directly at the giant tiger. A loud bang was heard, and the giant tiger let out a miserable cry. Xiao, then disappeared directly, leaving only energy overflowing.

Just when the giant tiger disappeared, the disappearing city wall was also squirming. It seemed that it would soon return to its original state, but they had no chance. A fiery red giant bird came directly to it. He rushed to the city wall, then opened his mouth, and the city wall immediately turned into a sea of ​​fire, and the recovery speed of the city wall also stopped.

But then countless energy guns were fired at the giant bird, and the giant bird was shot to pieces. However, there were still giant beasts that kept attacking the entrance of the cave. Although the entrance of the cave was always They were all squirming, trying to return to their original appearance, but they never succeeded.

Wen Wenhai and the others who were standing in the Blood Killing Castle also saw this situation. When they saw that a big hole was breached so quickly in the city wall, they couldn't help but get excited. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Okay. Great, attack, you must break this big hole for me, kill it, you must kill it."

Chang Jun was also very happy. He turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "It seems that our plan is feasible. Even if we don't ask the sect leader for help, we should be able to break through this city wall. This would be even better. If it is true, If the sect masters invited Xuanwu Island to come out, wouldn't that mean we are asking the sect masters to come out? That would be embarrassing."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Yes, if you really ask Xuanwu Island to take action, it will be equivalent to asking the sect leader to take action. Then we people will be too useless. We must try our best to make use of what we have in our hands." resources to deal with the enemy, unless we really can’t solve it, then we ask the sect master to take action, otherwise what else do we need to do.”

Ding Chunming never spoke, but stared at the hole with his eyes. If those energy beasts could not break through the hole, he would take action when necessary. He did not want to ask Zhao Hai to take action, but he would not let Zhao Hai take action. If Hai takes action, it should be no problem if he takes action himself. Ding Chunming's injury from the last battle with the giant snake has long since healed, and he has long wanted to take revenge.