c7107 mentality

, the giant dragon raised its head and roared into the sky, and rushed towards the Hydra. He was directly wrapped around the Hydra's body, and all the scales on his body stood up. The five giant dragons kept on the Hydra's body. While attacking, his head struck the Hydra's body from time to time, leaving wounds one after another.

Because the Hydra now had too many heads, it was impossible to hide away even if it wanted to. After a while, the giant dragon bit off one snake head at a time. This snake head itself had wounds, although it split into two at one time. Snake heads, but the wounds on the heads of these two snakes are bigger, and their movements are also very slow.

Soon Hydra solved these two snake heads, and even the snake heads that split off from the snake head he killed before were also solved. In other words, he had solved five snake heads in such a short time. What a snake. Such speed is really surprising.

Hydra also felt its end, but it was impossible for him to escape because the dragon had entangled him. He could only keep rolling and tearing apart the snake heads that were still intact. Biting the dragon, but the effect was not very good. Although there were wounds on the dragon's body, it seemed to have no effect on the dragon's combat power. It still kept attacking Hydra. leaving wounds on his body.

This battle lasted for about ten hours. In the end, the Hydra turned into a ball of light smoke and disappeared, and the dragon was also covered in wounds. However, he still looked majestic and roared up to the sky, as if to Like the sky and the earth showing his existence, he then rushed directly towards the shield of the Blood Killing Sect and entered the Five Elements Killing Formation. At the same time, countless fragments flew out from his body. , these fragments directly entered the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

It was only at this moment that Wen Wenhai took a deep breath, and then he glanced at the giant dragon swimming in the Five Elements Killing Formation. He found that the wounds on the dragon were in the Five Elements Killing Formation. , Recovering quickly, I believe it won't take long before he will fully recover, and then he let out a sigh of relief.

Then they looked outside and found that the power of the Shadow Clan's law had indeed retreated once and for all. This time, it was nearly ten thousand miles away. Wen Wenhai didn't say anything, and directly let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect start to attack. They must Occupy all these territories as soon as possible, because by occupying these territories, their strength will be stronger, and the power of the dragon will be stronger.

Following Wen Wenhai's order, the people of the Blood Killing Sect became busy at once, but Wen Wenhai and the others returned to the conference room. When they arrived in the conference room, after everyone sat down, there was silence for a while, as if this For once, they didn't have a big victory, but a big defeat. No one was interested in talking anymore.

After a while, Wen Wenhai finally said: "This kind of Hydra is really too scary. Do you have any ideas?" This kind of Hydra really scared him, especially the nine-headed snake. With the snake's ability to split, he could be sure that if the giant dragon hadn't taken action in the end, and had gathered the power of the Blood Killing Sword to do so, it would definitely not be easy to destroy the Hydra. Even so, the giant It took Long Ye more than ten hours to take care of the Hydra, and he was still injured all over his body, which was the most terrifying thing.

What if a more powerful Snake of the Shadow Clan appears next time? Can the dragon defeat the opponent next time? If the dragon can't defeat the opponent next time, what will they do? To be honest, when they saw that other giant dragons were unable to fight Hydra, they were really a little scared, because they found that if the giant dragons could not defeat the opponent, then they seemed to have no other means.

Everyone also understood what Wen Wenhai meant. They also thought of this, so they were so silent, because they found that they seemed to have no good solution, and now, they still have no good solution, so no one Can answer Wen Wenhai's words.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and sighed softly: "This time we have occupied such a large territory, the power of the dragon will be stronger. In this way, even if we encounter stronger enemies, we will still have With the power of counterattack, Bai Yan, inform the Blood Killing Battle Fort where there are fragments of the Blood Killing Sword, and ask the disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Fort to warm up those fragments. Chang Jun, make arrangements so that all the disciples can attack the fragments in our base. The magic circle is used to warm and nourish it, and if possible, the hilt of the blood-killing knife in the dragon's body is also warmed and nourished."

Everyone agreed, and Wen Wenhai turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, are all the disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Fort in place? There are 10 million people in each battle fort. It must be determined. Those who are not The disciples of the Blood Killing Sword Fragment must also warm up the Blood Killing Battle Fort. From today on, we disciples must warm up and nurture our external incarnations. Also, we must pay more attention to the cultivation of 'mind'. This is very important to our Blood Killing Sect.”

Everyone responded. The appearance of Hydra really gave them a wake-up call and made them realize clearly that there are many powerful creatures in this world, especially those snakes of the Shadow Clan. There are countless methods. If they are not careful, the only ones who will be unlucky are themselves.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone again, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, it's useless for us to think so much now. We can only take it slowly step by step. Let's practice first and talk about it. Let's all disperse." Everyone responded, then turned and left. Watching everyone leave, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but sigh.

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai and smiled slightly: "You don't have to be so nervous. Haven't we defeated the Hydra this time? It's useless to worry about it now. We just have to be ourselves." , as long as we make no mistakes, even if we are defeated, the sect master will not blame us. The sect master asked us to attack the snake world, mainly to train troops, but he does not necessarily want us to defeat the snake world. We are now You should focus on training troops instead of deciding the outcome, you are a little too nervous now."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The main thing is that I really want to defeat the enemy. After commanding the battle this time, you should also know how hard it was for the sect master in the past. I just want to defeat the enemy and let the sect master know, We can also help him share the pressure, and we can also support him and not hold him back all the time."

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai, nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "You're right, but you don't have to be so nervous. Even if we can't defeat the enemy here, it's not because of us. It's just that the enemy is too powerful. Take a good rest. Now we have defeated many enemies. I really don't believe that there will be enemies here that are stronger than Hydra. If there are any, just let them go. They're coming."

Wen Wenhai didn't say anything, just nodded. Chang Jun glanced at him, stood up, turned and left. He knew that Wen Wenhai was very nervous now, and it was useless to persuade him, just like Wen Wenhai As Hai himself said, he really wanted to win. This was not because he wanted to show anything in front of Zhao Hai, or because he wanted more power. Neither, Wen Wenhai followed Zhao Hai. It has been a long time. He is very clear about Zhao Hai's strength and there is no problem with his loyalty to Zhao Hai. He is very clear that only if Zhao Hai is strong, will their Blood Killing Sect be strong, so he hopes that Zhao Hai can leave. The farther Zhao Hai goes, the more they can follow him and go further.

It is precisely because of this that he wants to become stronger, because as he said this time, he personally commanded the Blood Killing Sect army to fight, and then he realized how difficult it is to command and fight, precisely because In this way, he wants to win more. He wants to make himself stronger and give Zhao Hai more support. Only in this way can Zhao Hai go further, because he is worried that one day Zhao Hai can go further. , but if they fail to follow Zhao Hai's footsteps, they will become a drag on Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai may even abandon them because of this, which is what he is most worried about.

Chang Jun also has such worries, but he believes that this situation should never happen. He believes that these people can definitely provide support to Zhao Hai. It must be possible. If nothing else, they can provide support even now. The power of Zhao Hai’s faith is their support for Zhao Hai.

Chang Jun and others all know that there is the power of faith, and in the Blood Killing Sect, there are also many disciples who directly regard Zhao Hai as a god and directly give Zhao Hai the power of faith, although the Blood Killing Sect does not support this. , even Zhao Hai is not very supportive of this, because in Zhao Hai's view, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, except for the believers, should not give the power of their faith to anyone. Once you give it If the other person is regarded as a god, it will have a great impact on your practice.

However, there are still many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who do this, including Chang Jun, because they found that they regard Zhao Hai as a god, and giving Zhao Hai the power of faith will not affect their practice, but on the contrary Yes, there are still many benefits to their training speed.

It is precisely because of this that Chang Jun is not as worried as Wen Wenhai. Even if Zhao Hai gives up on them now, they will not have much reaction. They have long regarded Zhao Hai as a god, so Chang Jun's reaction Only then will he be calmer than Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai has always regarded Zhao Hai as his boss. He wants to follow Zhao Hai all the time. Although he also admires Zhao Hai very much, if he regards Zhao Hai as a god, then he Really not.

But Chang Jun was different. He really regarded Zhao Hai as a god. It was precisely because of this difference in mentality that Wen Wenhai had such a reaction, and Chang Jun was so calm. The two of them He is equally loyal to Zhao Hai, but his mentality is completely different.

In fact, it is not surprising that Chang Jun had such a reaction. He was a person who had personally experienced the destruction of the Blood Killing Sect. He knew what the Blood Killing Sect was like at that time. He knew what he was like at that time. Their If it weren't for the magic weapon that Zhao Hai left behind, they would have died a long time ago. If Zhao Hai hadn't saved them, they would have died too. And if it weren't for Zhao Hai, his strength would not have been restored, let alone what he is today. It is precisely because of this that he regards Zhao Hai as a god.