c7109 Continuous failures

Shun Li snorted and slowly opened his eyes. His face became even paler. Then he immediately took out another pill and drank it directly. Then he turned around to look. Taking a look at the others, he found that they were all taking pills. Then Shun Li said, "How is it? Did you find anything?"

The reason why he asked this was because he still didn't find anything this time. When the alien clan saw the city wall, his mental power disappeared. He wanted to see if other people could find anything. He found out that he was disappointed. Others didn't find anything either. The situation was the same as him. They just saw the city wall and then disappeared.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "Everyone, please go back and rest. I will tell Elder Wen about this situation immediately. It seems that the enemy we encounter this time is definitely not simple." After saying that, he stood up and disappeared in a flash. In the room, the other elders of the alien clan all went back to their rooms. This time they were all injured.

When Shun Li came to Wen Wenhai's office, he found that Chang Jun was also here. As soon as he saw him coming in, Wen Wenhai immediately said, "How is it? Did you find anything?" Wen Wenhai really found out this time. They were really anxious. If Shu Li and the others still didn't find anything, it would definitely not be a good thing for them.

Shun Li shook his head and said: "I didn't find anything. I didn't find anything except the city wall. But after seeing the city wall, I was immediately eliminated. I still didn't see the enemy, and I still didn't find out what the enemy was using." Method." Shu Li told the truth, at this time, it was not the time to show off.

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frown. Chang Jun saw that Shun Li's face was not very good, so he said to Shun Li: "Shen Li, you should go back and rest first. I see that your mental strength has been seriously injured. Now, go back and have a good rest and recover from your injuries. Besides, you didn't find out what methods the enemy used. This is enough to prove that the enemy's methods are very powerful. Moreover, the enemy is now prepared and conducting reconnaissance. There won’t be any results, just go and rest.”

Shun Li nodded, clasped his fists at the two of them, and turned around to leave. Chang Jun glanced at Wen Wenhai, and then said: "It seems that the enemy this time is not simple. I think so, let's let the Zerg People are going to do some reconnaissance. They can operate underground and may see something different. As for the Kirigakure clan, let’s not move yet. If something happens to them, we have no way to explain it to the sect leader. .”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, let Elder Cang Ming send some newly made Zerg people to take a look. Let them walk underground. It doesn't matter even if they walk slower. Anyway, There is no divine light here, so there is no need to worry about them being trapped underground."

Chang Jun nodded, and directly used the communication circle to call Cang Ming over. Cang Ming is the elder of the Zerg tribe. They and the Alien tribe can actually be regarded as the same race, but their appearance is different. Of course , the fighting methods are also different. The Alien clan fights on the ground or in the sky, while the Zerg clan fights underground.

It is precisely to distinguish them that the aliens and the Zerg are divided. Cang Ming's body shape is completely different from that of Shu Li. Shu Li is thin and tall, while Cang Ming is short and fat. He soon became Arriving at Wen Wenhai's office, Wen Wenhai looked at Cang Ming's pudgy appearance and didn't say anything. He had long been used to it, so he directly said: "Cang Ming, when you get back, make it right away. Bring out a new group of Zerg and let them enter the power of Shadow Clan's laws to investigate. Remember, they must go underground."

At this point, he paused, and then said: "Before, Shuli sent the alien clan to conduct reconnaissance. After going hundreds of miles into the Shadow Clan's Law Power, they found a city wall, but they didn't see what it was. With this kind of city wall, all the aliens died, and they died in two batches in a row. Shun Li attached his spiritual power to the aliens, and was injured for it, so you must be careful. The enemies this time are very serious. They are so powerful that the aliens died without even seeing the enemy or knowing how the enemy attacked them. This is very scary, so you must be careful."

When Cang Ming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression couldn't help but straighten up. He was very aware of the fighting power of the alien clan. Now the alien clan was killed without even seeing the enemy. This is really It was too strong, so he immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "Yes, Elder Wen, don't worry, I'm going now. I will ask Shu Li what's going on first, and then send someone." After that, he He stood up, saluted Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun, then turned and left.

Wen Wenhai watched Cang Ming leave and couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "It seems that the enemies encountered this time are indeed very troublesome. I hope they can gain something, otherwise, the consequences will be really unimaginable." Wen Wenhai Hai really felt a headache for this enemy.

Chang Jun looked at him and couldn't help but smile and said: "I don't think there is any need to worry. The strength of our Blood Killing Sect is there. Even if the enemies here in the Snake World are stronger, they are still better than the enemies in the Sound Wave Interface." How much stronger? And our next step in the Blood Killing Sect, like Elder Cang Ming, when he received the task, he did it immediately without saying a word, so we have nothing to worry about. Don’t worry, I believe we can definitely defeat it. It's definitely okay for the enemy." When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he was stunned for a moment, then nodded without saying anything.

After Cang Ming returned to his room, he simply tidied up and immediately went to the front line. He went directly to Chen Li's room. Chen Li was about to go to rest. When he saw Cang Ming coming, he immediately guessed that Cang Ming was coming. Ming knew his purpose, and he immediately said to Cang Ming: "Old Cang, you are here to conduct reconnaissance in the shadow clan's power of law, right? You must pay attention, this time the enemy is a bit weird, there are 20,000 aliens, even the enemy is If you don’t see anything, you are already dead, so you must be careful about that.”

Cang Ming said in a deep voice: "Is it really that weird? Didn't you even see the enemy?" Cang Ming really didn't believe it. He knew the strength of the alien clan very well. In his opinion, in this world, fear of There is no one who can kill the aliens silently, without the aliens even being seen by their enemies, not to mention that the aliens still possess powerful spiritual power. Well, even if the enemy can kill the alien clan in one go, Shun Li's mental power should be able to see the enemy clearly, but now even Shun Li can't see the enemy and is even injured. What does this mean? ? This means that the enemy killed the alien clan in one go, and with such huge power, it dispersed Shu Li's mental power in one go. Otherwise, Shu Li would not have been able to do this without seeing anything. Apart from Zhao Hai, there is probably no one else in the Blood Killing Sect, not even Wen Wenhai and the others.

Shun Li nodded and said: "It's indeed weird. There was no sound at all, no energy fluctuation at all. He died directly. Apart from seeing a corner of the city wall, he didn't find anything. This is really too strange." It’s too weird, so you must be careful.”

Cang Ming was convinced now. He nodded and said: "Okay, I understand. I will be careful. You go to rest first. You can lend me a hand here." Naturally, Cang Ming wouldn't say anything. He nodded directly, returned to his room at the rear, and gave up the room on the front line to Cang Ming.

After Cang Ming waited for Shu Li to leave, he immediately released the insect nest and created ten thousand Zerg people. Then he also attached his spiritual power to the Zerg people, and then directly let the Zerg people emit them. The Zerg people were on the ground. The movement speed on the ground is not as fast as that of the Alien Clan, but it is very fast underground. Cang Ming first let the Alien Clan reach the edge of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and then directly entered the underground and headed towards the depths of the Shadow Clan.

The Zerg can also see the situation outside clearly underground, but they cannot travel directly underground like the Kirigakure clan. They don't even have to dig a hole. They have to dig holes to move forward, but their speed is very fast. Fast, although not as fast as the speed of the alien on the ground, it is not slow either.

Two hours later, they had reached a place hundreds of miles deep into the power of the Shadow Clan's Law. Cang Ming knew that they were about to encounter an enemy, and the Zerg Clan also knew it, so they were even more careful. They moved forward cautiously, and soon Cang Ming saw the city wall, but at this moment, Cang Ming suddenly felt a headache, and the next moment he couldn't see anything.

Cang Ming opened his eyes with a pale face, and then smiled bitterly. He now knew what Shu Li Dang felt like. It was really like what Shu Li said, they didn't even see what the enemy looked like, they only saw Once they reached the city wall, they just disappeared. It was terrifying.

Cang Ming glanced around and thought for a while. He was not making Zerg. If he failed once, there would be no good results if he went there, so he decided not to go. He just moved and returned to Wen Wenhai's office. There, as soon as he entered Wen Wenhai's office, he found that Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun were still there. He immediately saluted the two of them, then smiled bitterly and said, "I'm sorry to disappoint you two. The situation we encountered , it’s similar to what Shu Li encountered, but he was killed just as soon as he saw the city wall, and he didn’t even see the shadow of the enemy.”

Wen Wenhai's expression changed, and then he glanced at Chang Jun. Chang Jun also frowned, and then Chang Jun said: "Cang Ming, you seem to be injured. Go back and rest first, and wait until you recover." We are thinking of other ways to deal with the injury, and I really want to see what the Shadow Clan has created this time, so that it can be so powerful."

Cang Ming nodded at the two of them, then clasped his fists, turned around and left. He also had to go back and take a rest. His mental strength was affected, and that was not something to do. His head was still hurting, but His injuries were lighter than Shu Li's, but Shu Li was injured twice. The injuries were added on top of each other, which naturally made them more serious.