c7105 hydra

Although some of the aliens died, they did not stop after killing the giant python. They were still attacking forward. In the blink of an eye, they had penetrated deeply into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They were around, but all the attacks they encountered were from various snakes, but they did not encounter the city wall.

Just after they penetrated hundreds of miles into the power of the Shadow Clan Law, the aliens began to retreat. The corpses of the aliens who died in the battle were all eaten by other aliens. They did not leave a single alien corpse here. This is also Shun Li's order. Shun Li knows very well that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here is very weird. If he leaves the alien corpse in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then the power of the Shadow Clan's laws may be He will use those corpses to form some kind of monster. If that is really the case, it will bring a greater threat to the Blood Killing Sect, so he will do this.

By the time all the aliens had retreated beyond the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, there were now less than 7,000 of the 10,000 aliens left. The aliens quickly returned to the Blood Killing Sect's base. After communicating with these aliens, Shu Li He already knew what was going on, and he immediately came to Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai and the others were currently dealing with the matter of the Blood Killing Sect, and everyone was very busy.

As soon as he saw Shun Li coming, Wen Wenhai immediately put down a jade slip he was dealing with and said to Shun Li: "Elder Shun Li, how are you? What's the news?" Wen Wenhai knew very well that Shun Li was responsible. Now that the reconnaissance officer is here, he should be reporting the reconnaissance results, so he asked like this.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "Within the hundred miles of the Shadow Clan's law power, there are no walls, and we haven't seen any snakes that are too strong, like the eight-headed snake before. Elder Wen, do we want to Are you scouting inside?" Shun Li came here to ask for instructions this time, because he knew very well that the snakes that the aliens encountered before were nothing at all. Those snakes were too ordinary, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws could always be He can make a lot of them, and he can be sure that if the Blood Killing Sect attacks with a large army like before, those snakes will not appear, because the people of the Shadow Clan know very well that such snakes are very harmful to the Blood Killing Sect. Attack will have no impact at all.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Shu Li said, he frowned slightly and said, "Didn't they encounter anything useful to us? It seems they know that the city wall is of no use to us, and the eight-headed snake was destroyed by us again. , then they should be thinking of other ways. Let's do this. Let the aliens conduct reconnaissance every day. The scope of the reconnaissance is a hundred miles deep into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. It doesn't have to be too deep. You see how?"

Shun Li responded, and Wen Wenhai continued: "If you find any problems, report them immediately. If you don't find anything special, don't report them. You can just deal with them yourself. We have to rest for a while. Only after all the issues raised during the previous meeting have been resolved can we truly begin to attack the Shadow Clan."

Shun Li responded, then gave Wen Wenhai a fist, then turned and left. After Wen Wenhai waited for Shun Li to leave, he took a deep breath, then picked up the jade slip and looked at it carefully. According to the contents of the jade slip, he is now almost in charge of the entire Blood Killing Sect, so he naturally has more things to deal with.

This is because Laura and the others are helping him manage the logistics. Otherwise, he would have to deal with more things. In terms of logistics and supplies for the Blood Killing Sect, Laura and the others have always been in charge. Their management is almost automatic. Systematically, of course, Laura and the others also have countless assistants. Even when Laura and the others were busy before, there were still people taking care of the logistics, and there were no problems.

However, no matter what problems there are in the logistics department, the people in the logistics department will go directly to Laura and the others for instructions, and will not come to Wen Wenhai. Naturally, Wen Wenhai has no objection to this, because he knows very well that such This approach has only advantages and no disadvantages for him, otherwise he would be even more busy.

The Blood Killing Sect discovered a lot of problems this time, and there were many areas that needed improvement, so they took another month's rest. Even after a month's rest, their training results were not very satisfactory to them. But at this moment, Shu Li brought a piece of news that Wen Wenhai and the others immediately paid attention to.

Wen Wenhai looked at the person standing in front of him and said sternly with an ugly face: "You mean, none of the aliens sent out for reconnaissance came back? And you feel that they are all dead?" Wen Wenhai looked very shocked. He never expected that all ten thousand aliens would die at once. This was so surprising.

Shun Li nodded and said with an ugly face: "Yes, they are all dead. I can feel it. This means that there must be a powerful guy coming to the Shadow Clan. Even those aliens have no chance to escape. I I feel that the last dead alien was less than ten miles away from the edge of the Shadow Clan's law power, which means that the enemy should be about to come out of the Shadow Clan's law power."

Wen Wenhai suddenly stood up, and he immediately said loudly: "Quick, call everyone, get ready for battle." After saying that, he walked out directly, and immediately there were messengers to sound the alarm, and there was a bloody battle. Everyone in the sect knew what this meant, and everyone was prepared.

By the time Wen Wenhai and the others arrived outside, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were almost ready. Elder Jiu Suan commanded 100 million disciples and had already arranged a huge magic circle, and Bai Yan had also directed all the blood killing battles. The fort and all the troops are in place, and the Blood Killing Sect is ready for battle.

Everyone looked at the power of the Shadow Clan's Law fifty miles away, wondering what kind of enemy they would face this time, but they were not too nervous because the enemies they had encountered were too powerful. More, they have long been accustomed to it, and they believe that they can defeat the enemy, and they will definitely be able to do so.

At this moment, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws fifty miles away fluctuated for a while, and then a huge figure crawled out from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. As soon as he saw this figure, the people of the Blood Killing Sect On the contrary, everyone breathed a sigh of relief, because this huge figure turned out to be an eight-headed snake.

But he had been paying attention to the white eyes of the eight-headed snake. After watching it for a while, his expression changed. He immediately took out the communication array and said loudly to the circle: "Elder Wen, no, it's not the eight-headed snake. The snake is a hydra, it has nine heads, and its tail does not seem to be divided, there is only one tail, it is different, it is different from the eight-headed snake."

Bai Yan is very clear that although the eight-headed snake and the hydra seem to be the same, they should actually be very different. They may be two things at all. If they still regard this hydra as the eight-headed snake If it's a snake, it could be a huge mistake.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Bai Yan said, he was also looking at the huge figure. Now the Hydra had crawled out of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws and was slowly pressing towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect. , but now we only see his nine heads and part of the snake's body, but there is indeed no bifurcation on the snake's body. He may really have only one tail.

Wen Wenhai immediately realized a problem. In fact, for snakes, having eight heads and eight tails on one body is not necessarily a good thing, or even a burden, especially eight tails. It will make the snake move slower and very sluggishly, far less flexible than having only one tail.

Wen Wenhai immediately took out the communication array and said loudly to the communication array: "Elder Jiu Suan, immediately release a giant dragon to deal with the Hydra and see the effect." Because he entered the mountain protection array. The giant dragon in the trap already has intelligence. Wen Wenhai is not ready to use the giant dragon now because he believes that the strength of the giant dragon will be stronger than the newly released dragon. The dragon has been transformed, so for this kind of trial, just release a new dragon to do it.

The old man Jiu Suan responded, and then he gave an order, and the huge Rubik's Cube array lit up, and then a giant dragon flew out from the Rubik's Cube array. The giant dragon was smaller. Although there was also the sound of dragon roar, this giant dragon seemed to have no spirituality from the very beginning, which made Wen Wenhai feel very strange.

However, he was not allowed to think too much. After the giant dragon came out of the formation, it rushed out of the Blood Killing Sect's base and rushed towards the Hydra. The Hydra also noticed The giant dragon, he also roared and rushed forward. The battle between these giant beasts was actually very simple, because they were so big. For them, they could only move at a distance of fifty miles. They were so close. It was impossible for them to react at such a distance, so their reaction was actually very simple, just go up and bite.

The nine heads of the Hydra bit the giant dragon, and the giant dragon also bit the Hydra. However, this giant snake was obviously not as smart as the previous giant dragon. He did not go straight to the nine-headed snake. Instead of heading towards the head of the Hydra, it went towards the body of the Hydra. This actually did not cause much damage to the Hydra.

The nine heads of the hydra came out and bit directly at the dragon's body, biting the dragon's body in one fell swoop. However, he still had the peculiar problem of snakes, that is, after being bitten, , but failed to tear the giant dragon's body apart, but the giant dragon hissed a piece of meat from the Hydra's body in one fell swoop.

The Hydra was in severe pain, and the nine heads couldn't help but hissed, and they let go of the giant dragon. Although the dragon was not as smart as the first dragon, he still had the fighting instinct, so this time As soon as he raised his head, he bit directly on the body under one of the heads of the Hydra. The bite was very real. It opened a huge gap under the head of the snake. He didn't stop, and then he bit down again. It was a bite, and at this time, Hydra also reacted, and immediately aimed at the dragon's body with a bite. Except for the bitten head, the other eight heads bit the dragon's body almost at the same time. .