c7100 Mutation

Wen Wenhai and the others stood blankly in the base, watching the two giant beasts fighting outside. This was the first time they saw two such huge beasts fighting. Such a battle was really too much. It's scary. The place where these two giant beasts are fighting is very close to their base, so the bodies of the two giant beasts are constantly hitting the base's mountain guarding formation. With the strength of the Five Elements Killing Formation, they are still The constant shaking after being hit showed how powerful these two giant beasts were.

Wen Wenhai knew without even thinking that if the Blood Killing Clan's Blood Killing Battle Fort really went out at this time, as long as it was hit by these two giant beasts, it would definitely end up being scrapped, because the battle between these two giant beasts , it was too terrifying, a battle they could not imagine at all.

This battle lasted for several hours. In the end, the dragon finally won with wounds all over his body, and after Yamata no Orochi's body turned into a puff of black smoke and disappeared, the dragon looked up to the sky and let out a cry. He roared, and then he rushed straight towards the Blood Killing Sect's base. From the look of him, it seemed as if he was going to crash into the Blood Killing Sect's base.

What the giant dragon did was something that Wen Wenhai and the others did not expect. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect in the base was in a panic, but now they had no time to react and could only watch the giant dragon. Dragon, bumped headlong into the Five Elements Killing Formation of the Blood Killing Sect.

But the strange thing is that the giant dragon bumped into the Five Elements Killing Formation, but did not enter the base. His body actually disappeared into the Five Elements Killing Formation bit by bit. Just as Wen Wenhai and the others When they were stunned, they discovered that a giant dragon suddenly appeared on the Blood Killing Sect's Five Elements Killing Formation. This giant dragon was swimming freely in the gray mist of the Five Elements Killing Formation. It looks extremely powerful.

Upon seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai was stunned again, then he turned to Chang Jun who was standing aside and said: "Is this also the ability of the Five Elements Killing Formation? Why haven't I heard them say it before? Not even the boss said it." Wen Wenhai was really curious. He had never heard of the Five Elements Killing Formation having such an ability.

Chang Jun also shook his head, and then he directly took out the communication array and said in a deep voice: "Elder Jiu Suan, now that the battle is over, you can dismiss the disciples. After you are done, come to our place." Chang Jun. Jun didn't know that the Five Elements Killing Formation had such an ability, so he wanted to call Old Man Jiu Suan over and question him properly.

The old man Jiu Suan responded, and then he blocked the formation and solved it. This time, there were no disciples to fight. The formation only needed to be disbanded. There was no need to do anything else at all, so the old man Jiu Suan quickly arrived at the conference room. , and at this time, Wen Wenhai and others were already waiting for him in the conference room.

As soon as they saw the old man Jiu Suan coming in, everyone stood up and applauded him. When the old man Jiu Suan saw their appearance, he couldn't help but smile, cupped his hands at everyone, and then said: "Don't be so polite, everyone. I I just did what I was supposed to do, and you guys will make me embarrassed if you act like this."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone couldn't help laughing. Wen Wenhai smiled at the old man Jiu Suan and said, "Elder Jiu Suan, please sit down. It's all thanks to you this time. I really didn't expect that this giant dragon would be so powerful." To be honest, if we encounter an enemy setting up a city wall defense next time, we can just let this giant dragon take action. It only takes one strike to break through the enemy's defense."

The old man Jiusuan smiled and said: "I didn't expect that the power of this giant dragon would be so huge. If necessary next time, it can naturally be used. With this experience, I want to decorate it next time." The magic circle should make it easier."

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded, and then Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Elder Jiu Suan, there is one thing that I feel very strange about. Why did the giant dragon enter our Five Elements Killing Formation? Our Five Elements Killing Formation? Does the Great Killing Formation still have such an ability? Why haven’t I heard of it?”

When the old man Jiusuan heard what he said, he also smiled bitterly and said: "Not only have you never heard of it, but I haven't heard of it either. I didn't know that the Five Elements Killing Formation actually had such an ability. I believe that Wen I’m afraid the hall master doesn’t know, I just don’t know if the sect master knows, but now it seems that this is not a bad thing, so everyone doesn’t need to worry.”

Although the old man Jiu Suan didn't know that the Five Elements Ultimate Array had such ability, his level of magic array was very powerful, so he could see that the giant dragon was just combined with the Five Elements Ultimate Array, but It seems to have no impact on the Five Elements Killing Formation, that's why he said this.

Wen Wenhai frowned and said in a deep voice: "I think it's best to tell the boss about this matter and let him come and take a look. After all, this Five Elements Killing Formation is related to the safety of our Blood Killing Sect. If If something really goes wrong, the consequences will be too serious." After saying that, he glanced at everyone, and everyone nodded when he saw it. No one objected, so he took out the communication array and directly Tell Zhao Hai about this matter.

Zhao Hai really didn't pay attention to the situation here at the base. After the Yamata no Orochi had five heads cut off, Zhao Hai stopped paying attention to the situation here, so now when he heard Wen Wenhai say this, he was really a little surprised. , and then he directly entered the base here in the snake world.

As soon as Zhao Hai appeared in the conference room, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, no need to be too polite. You did a good job this time. There is really no need." Thinking that you can now set up such a powerful magic circle, let's go and follow me outside to have a look, I really want to know what you are talking about."

Everyone nodded, and then followed Zhao Hai out of the conference room. When they got outside, they saw the giant dragon in the Five Elements Killing Formation. He was flowing in the Five Elements Killing Formation. He looked like It was very leisurely, and he seemed to like it there very much.

When Zhao Hai saw the appearance of the giant dragon, he was slightly startled, and then said in a deep voice: "Interesting, this is the first time I have encountered this situation." After saying this, he moved and disappeared into the crowd. In front of his eyes, the next moment he had appeared on the edge of the Blood Slaughter Sect base and reached his hand into the Five Elements Killing Formation.

After Zhao Hai put his hand into the Five Elements Killing Formation, he slowly closed his eyes. At the same time, he also adjusted his thinking power and slowly directed his thinking power towards the Five Elements Killing Formation. After exploring the formation, fortunately, although the power of the Five Elements Killing Formation is very powerful, the power of thinking is not very strong. It can communicate with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai immediately felt the Five Elements Killing Formation. The power of thinking, and then he began to feel what was going on in the power of thinking of the Five Elements Killing Formation.

After a while, Zhao Hai opened his eyes and retracted his hand. Then he took a long breath and murmured: "I really didn't expect that it would be like this. This is really interesting." After finishing speaking, , Zhao Hai moved and returned to Wen Wenhai and the others.

Wen Wenhai and the others did not leave when Zhao Hai disappeared. They almost guessed where Zhao Hai went, so they did not leave. They just waited for Zhao Hai there. Now that they saw Zhao Hai coming back, Wen Wenhai and the others All eyes were immediately focused on Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at the faces of everyone, smiled slightly and said: "It's okay, what happened this time is a good thing, and it is also a coincidence. When you brought it out, this giant dragon had a little bit of intelligence. When Yamata no Orochi fought, his fighting instinct further stimulated his intelligence, making his intelligence better than before. Finally, after killing Yamata no Orochi, he seemed to have gained another trace of Yamata no Orochi. Because of his spiritual intelligence, he became very smart. Originally, he was going to disappear after the battle, but he found that his energy was the same as the energy of the Five Elements Killing Formation, so he directly entered the Five Elements. In the ultimate killing formation, he is combined with the five elements killing formation. Now he has combined with all the magic formations in the five elements killing formation. If necessary, he can even combine those magic formations Turn into his body. At that time, he will become a metal dragon, but does he need to turn into a metal dragon? He also needs to obey our orders, and if he encounters an enemy next time, he will still He can attack, and as long as he gets the order, he can rush out of the Five Elements Killing Formation and fight the enemy, so what happened this time is not only not a bad thing, but a good thing."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but become happy. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "That's great, boss, can we use this method to make a few such creatures?" ? That way it will be easier for us to fight in the future, what do you think?"

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing. He looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and said, "You guys really dare to think about it. Don't think about good things. In the future, you want to create a life like this." I'm afraid it's not an easy thing to do. The appearance of this five-element killer dragon this time is definitely a coincidence. It is something that can be encountered but cannot be saved. I feel that, in addition to the reasons I mentioned above, In addition, there seem to be some other reasons why this kind of giant dragon has intelligence, but even so, his intelligence is actually very simple. If you want to make such a giant dragon in the future, it is Absolutely impossible, so don’t even think about it.”

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone couldn't help but feel a little depressed, but then they stopped thinking about this kind of thing. After all, this kind of thing was too coincidental. They had never thought that such a thing would happen. Not to mention making them one at a time.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "Okay, the Five Elements Killing Formation can still be expanded in the future. The larger the territory you expand, the more powerful this giant dragon will be. Once you conquer this interface , we now have another Five Elements Killing Formation in our hands that can be taken away at any time, which is a good thing."