c7101 magic weapon

Wen Wenhai and the others naturally knew this very well, so everyone became happy. Wen Wenhai even said excitedly: "Boss, does that mean we will have two Xuanwu spaces in the future? If there are two Xuanwu spaces If there is more space, then we can recruit more people to get started, and the strength of our Blood Killing Sect will become even stronger."

Zhao Hai glanced at him and said with a smile: "You, you really think too well. There are so many good things. In fact, it is impossible for the Five Elements Killing Dragon to have inner space, let alone It is said that it has become a Xuanwu Space. It is a magical weapon that can be attacked and defended, or a magic circle energy creature, but it is absolutely impossible to become another Xuanwu Space. Do you know how much I used when building the Xuanwu Space? Materials? If it is really so easy to make a Xuanwu Space, then why did I waste so much power to make a Xuanwu Space? Xuanwu Space is irreplaceable. This Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon can only be used as a method. It is used as a tool, but it has many uses."

When Wen Wenhai and others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but feel a little disappointed, but at this time Ding Chunming said: "Master, haven't you always had no decent magic weapon? Why don't you just leave your spiritual imprint on this Five Elements Jue?" In the killing array, this giant dragon will be your magical weapon from now on, wouldn't it be better?"

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Ding Chunming said, they were all stunned, and then their eyes lit up. Chang Jun even said: "Yes, Sect Master, if you can really turn this giant dragon into your magic weapon, then I believe this must be an extremely powerful magic weapon. This will also be of great help to your strength. This time after we took out the blood-killing knife, we found that although the blood-killing knife is very powerful, Yes, but now the Blood Killing Sword may not be of much help to you, right? It can even be said that it is almost of no help to you. In other words, the previous magic weapons are no longer of any use to you. Now, you need a magic weapon, a magic weapon that can make you more powerful. I think this Five Elements Killing Dragon is pretty good."

The old man Jiusuan also said: "Yes, young master, I think so too. You represent our Blood Killing Sect, and you are even our Blood Killing Sect. Your safety is very important, so a powerful weapon Magical weapons are very necessary, and I also think that you should collect this Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon as your magical weapon."

Everyone else also nodded, and everyone tried to persuade Zhao Hai. They were sincere, especially after what happened in the Snake World, they hoped that Zhao Hai could become stronger, because they It was discovered that the reason why their battles were so easy in the past was entirely because of the existence of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai helped them block most of the attacks and solved most of their troubles. Therefore, when they faced the enemy, they It will be so easy.

This time when they faced the enemy independently, they realized how difficult the enemy was to deal with, so they really hoped that Zhao Hai could become stronger. If Zhao Hai became stronger, it would be equivalent to killing the sect with blood. Strong, that's why they hope Zhao Hai will turn this Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon into Zhao Hai's magical weapon.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "You guys, okay, I will consider this matter. The dragon's spiritual intelligence is still too low now. I have to add some spiritual power to him. His intelligence has become higher, so that it will be helpful to you. You should go about your own business. This time is another big victory. Is it time for you to expand your base again?"

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately woke up, didn't they? This time they had broken through the enemy's defense line and destroyed the Yamata no Orochi. Now outside their base, A large area of ​​territory has been vacated. At this time, it is really time to expand your base.

Wen Wenhai and the others immediately responded, and then everyone saluted Zhao Hai, and then immediately went to direct the disciples to start expanding the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, but Zhao Hai grabbed the old man Jiu Suan and attacked Jiu Hai. The old man said: "When you make the giant dragon this time, you use the blood-killing knife. The body of the giant dragon also has the power of the blood-killing knife. I will leave a fragment of the blood-killing knife in the giant dragon." In the dragon's body, the dragon will feel the other fragments of the Blood Killing Sword. When the time comes, you will ask those who set up small bases outside to leave a fragment of the Blood Killing Sword in each small base. This way After you leave all the blood-killing knife fragments in the small base, the dragon will activate the Five Elements Killing Formation on its own, and you won’t need to activate it, do you understand?"

When the old man Jiu Suan heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then he immediately said with bright eyes: "Yes, young master, I understand, but there are not a few fragments of the Blood Killing Sword now. Even if we If we build all the fragments of the Blood Killing Sword into small bases, it will only be a few hundred small bases, isn’t it a little too little?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It is indeed a little missing. Let's do this. You first collect all the fragments of the Blood Killing Sect and send them to me. I will refining the fragments of the Blood Killing Sect, and then in I'll give it to you again, that's enough, go ahead." Old Man Jiusuan responded, then turned and left.

After a while, Old Man Jiu Suan had collected all the fragments of the Blood Killing Sword for Zhao Hai. After Zhao Hai took the fragments, he left directly. Old Man Jiu Suan and the others immediately went to do their own business. Gone, there are still many things that need to be done in the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai returned to the space, glanced at the Blood Killing Sword, then thought about it, and then refining the Blood Killing Sword, and finally refined the Blood Killing Sword into 721 pieces, the largest of which One piece is the hilt, which is to be placed on the body of the giant dragon, and the other fragments are all refined into the shape of a small knife. The entire blood-killing knife is composed of countless small blood-killing knives. Yes, and there are seven hundred and twenty pieces of these fragments, each piece can be placed in a small base, so that this small base will be able to get in touch with the dragon in the main base, so that the Blood Killing Sect can expand in the future. It's even easier, and there's no need for the old man to take action anymore.

The refining of the blood-killing knife is actually not difficult. The difficulty lies in preserving all the energy that has been warmed before. This is the most important thing. If it weren't for Zhao Hai, the rest of the people would really Unable to do this, Zhao Hai can only take action, and no one else can.

Although the Blood Killing Sword allowed Zhao Hai to be integrated into Xuanwu Island before, Xuanwu Island has been upgraded several times. Magical weapons such as the Blood Killing Sword and the God Killing Sword can also be taken out from Xuanwu Island. However, these magic weapons Most of the weapons are useless now. The ones that can still be used by the Blood Killing Sect are probably the Blood Killing Swords. Other weapons are no longer usable. Not to mention those weapons. It's broken, but those weapons can no longer keep up with the advancement of the Blood Killing Sect. If it weren't for the unyielding will in the Blood Killing Sword, it would actually no longer be usable.

After finishing the Xuanwu Knife, Zhao Hai returned directly to the Snake World, handed the Blood Killing Knife to Old Man Jiu Suan, and then took it upon himself to refine the handle of the knife into the body of the giant dragon. A lot of soul power has been added to the body, which makes the dragon look more spiritual. At the same time, his combat power seems to be stronger, and there is a sharp aura in his body.

After doing this, Zhao Hai left the Snake World. He was not prepared to participate in the next things in the Snake World, because there was no need. Wen Wenhai and the others had already done a good job. It was completely unnecessary, so Zhao Hai left directly.

The expansion this time was actually very smooth, because the Yamata no Orochi had been eliminated by them, and the power of the Shadow Clan's law retreated a long distance at once. In this case, they naturally used the vacated space. This area is all occupied, and their front line is still fifty miles away from the laws of Shadow Clan, so that even if the enemy wants to attack them, they will have enough time to react.

The old man Jiu Suan is now familiar with how to control the blood-killing knife and how to communicate with the giant dragon. In fact, if he communicates with the giant dragon well, it will be equivalent to controlling the blood-killing knife. Now Zhao Hai has already controlled the giant dragon. The dragon and the blood-killing sword were refined into a whole.

This kind of communication was very simple, because Old Man Jiusuan suddenly discovered that the dragon seemed to have become much smarter and listened to him very much. He knew that this was Zhao Hai's doing, and he couldn't help but feel even more grateful to Zhao Hai, but he I also feel a little strange, why does Zhao Hai seem not very enthusiastic when your dragon is so strong? This puzzled him.

In fact, he doesn't know that Zhao Hai actually has a magic weapon now. This magic weapon is Baifa Sanqianzhang. Zhao Hai has not yet figured out what this magic weapon is made of. , but his materials are really surprisingly good. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai has been using this magic weapon. He just wants to find out what the material of this magic weapon is.

Of course, the old man Jiu Suan didn't know about this, so he felt strange. Zhao Hai naturally wouldn't explain anything to them. After all, Zhao Hai was the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, and there was no need for him to tell Wen Wenhai and the others. What to explain, and if necessary in the future, Zhao Hai will really take the dragon as his magical weapon.

When this expansion was completed and all matters within the sect were settled, Wen Wenhai called everyone for a meeting. There were still many things they had to deal with now. It was really unexpected that this war could go so smoothly. They didn't expect it, but they could clearly see the strength of Yamata no Orochi. They didn't know what kind of enemies would appear in the snake world next, so they naturally had to discuss it carefully.

They also saw that although Zhao Hai came to the Snake World this time because of the dragon matter, he left immediately after handling the matter. In other words, Zhao Hai was not prepared to participate in the Snake World. They still had to rely on themselves. Although Wen Wenhai and the others were a little disappointed, they also knew that Zhao Hai's actions were completely necessary.