c7102 Summarize

"The sect master has done us a big favor this time. Although he did not directly participate in the battle in the snake world, he has given us a lot of help. Take the giant dragon this time as an example. Now the giant dragon can The power can be defended and the power is very huge, and the more magic circles we build here, the stronger the dragon will be. I have absolutely no doubt about this. Now we have such a If the conditions are good, then there is no need for us to wait. What we have to do next is still to attack, is there no problem?" Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said first.

"No problem." Everyone said in unison. Wen Wenhai was right. Although Zhao Hai did not directly participate in the battle here in the Snake World, he did give them a lot of help. Now their Five Elements Ultimate Kill In the formation, there is a giant dragon that can advance and defend, so what else do they have to fear?

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "We have just gone through a big battle and need to rest for a few days, so we will not attack immediately, but we must figure out the next step in these few days. Do you have any ideas about our attack plan?"

"I think it's better to test it out first to see if I can enter the power of Shadow Clan's law for reconnaissance. If I can, that's naturally the best. If I still can't, then I'll use the previous method, using blood. We are conducting reconnaissance at Killing Castle, but we need to be extra careful." Zhu Yong spoke first.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Although the Blood Killing Battle Fort suffered a loss last time when we faced the eight-headed snake, and dozens of Blood Killing Battle Forts had to be renovated, but for now Speaking of which, the Blood Killing Battle Fort is still the most important combat capability of our Blood Killing Sect, so this matter must indeed be completed by them."

Everyone nodded, rolled their eyes and said: "We can install more disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. If necessary, we can let these disciples provide energy to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, even if we don't increase the number of Blood Killing Battle Fort. The combat effectiveness must also improve the defense of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, so that even if we are attacked like the last time, the Blood Killing Battle Fort will not be injured."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he turned to look at Wen Yuming, who came here specially this time, and then said in a deep voice: "Old Wen, can't the dragon really make another copy? How do I feel now, our Bloody Battle Castle, it seems that the combat power can’t keep up with our pace?”

Wen Yuming shook his head and said: "Of course it is impossible for the giant dragon to be copied. His appearance is too coincidental. I have already seen it. Although the sect leader added soul power to him and integrated the blood killing knife, he Now it has become a special organism, but even before the sect master did these things, his potential was still very huge. We can't make it, but we can study it and see if we can make it in the Five Elements. Adding some energy beasts to the decisive battle formation may provide us with defensive capabilities. As Bai Yan said, I think it is very necessary to install more disciples in the first blood-killing battle fort. The environment in the Blood Killing Battle Fort is very good, allowing disciples to survive for a long time. Putting more disciples inside will also be a huge improvement to the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. In fact, the Blood Killing Battle Castle Bao's combat effectiveness has never been maximized. This is because he has no permanent disciples, or there are too few permanent disciples, so he has not been able to exert his full combat effectiveness. What impact does this have on him? It is still very large. When the Blood Killing Battle Fort was originally designed, 100 million disciples was the most appropriate number. There would be no problem with more, and less would allow the Blood Killing Battle Fort to exert its sixth or seventh level combat effectiveness. However, our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect only have a total of more than 60 billion. Even if they are all assigned to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, it is impossible for the Blood Killing Battle Fort to achieve its optimal combat capability. That’s why we have never done this. Now we Although we cannot allow too many disciples to enter the Blood Killing Battle Castle, I think it is still okay to have 10 million disciples in each Blood Killing Battle Castle. This can at least ensure that the Blood Killing Battle Castle can give full play to eight It has a high level of combat effectiveness, and it will not affect the overall actions of our Blood Killing Sect, what do you think?"

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he immediately nodded and said: "It's feasible, I think it's OK, what do you think?" Everyone nodded, and of course they wouldn't object. In fact, in the Bloody Battle Castle, originally, There should also be disciples stationed there permanently, but they have never done this before. This is why Zhao Hai did not allow it, because although the environment in the Blood Killing Battle Castle is good, it is still incomparable to Xuanwu Island. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai has never allowed his disciples to stay permanently in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but now it seems that it is no longer possible to prevent his disciples from staying in the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

When Wen Yuming saw that everyone agreed, he nodded and said: "In order to provide a better environment for the disciples, the sect leader did not allow everyone to enter the Blood Killing Battle Castle permanently, but now we don't It is no longer possible to let disciples enter and stay permanently. In fact, to put it bluntly, the Blood Killing Battle Fort is also a magic weapon. It also needs to be warmed and nourished. Just relying on the Yin and Yang Lei Pond for warming and nourishing is not enough. We let the disciples enter the Blood Killing Battle Fort. After that, they can be allowed to input part of their mana into the Blood Killing Battle Fort every day when they practice. This is to let them know more about the Blood Killing Battle Fort and to use their mana. , to warm up the Blood Killing Battle Castle, so it is very necessary for disciples to stay there permanently."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "After I go back, I will immediately prepare the disciples so that they must enter the Blood Killing Battle Castle to stay permanently. At the worst, they can just rotate. It will take a month, or however long, to rotate. , what do you think?" As soon as he heard that the Blood Killing Battle Fort could be maintained, Chang Jun immediately made a decision. The permanent disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Fort must be dispatched, and they must be dispatched as soon as possible.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "One month is too short. Let's say one year. It rotates once a year. One year is not a long time for us monks. Let them stay in the Blood Killing Battle Castle for a long time. The year is also a trial for them. If everyone has no objections, elder Chang Jun will make arrangements after the meeting."

Everyone shook their heads in unison and said: "No objection." Seeing that everyone had no objection, Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, then this matter is settled, let's talk about the other thing. One thing is the magic square formation of the infantry disciples. Through this battle, we have discovered the power of the magic square formation. It is really great, but I think that if we make a dragon like this this time, , a large formation of 100 million people, we'd better keep one in the base. If necessary, we can make a giant dragon. Even if it is not as spiritual as the current giant dragon, its combat effectiveness is still not weak. Yes, given the necessary time, it can work wonders, what do you think?"

When Old Man Jiusuan heard what Wen Wenhai said, he spoke first: "I think it's feasible. Although the dragon formation we created this time was very successful, it took too long. Why is it necessary?" Such a long time? It’s because we don’t have training in this area. I think we can specially select some disciples for training in this area. These disciples don’t need to be too strong. They only need to remember their positions. That's okay, because the energy provided by a magic circle like this is not those disciples, but also the yin and yang thunder pool in their external incarnations, so some disciples who are not very strong are selected to form such a circle, which is specially used to I think it is very necessary to arrange a large team."

Ding Chunming nodded and said: "I agree. Now we are facing powerful enemies like the eight-headed snake. In the future, the enemies we face may be even more powerful. In this case, there is such a A standing team is very necessary. When necessary, the dragon can be released to fight the enemy. Even if the enemy cannot be defeated, it can still delay the enemy and buy us enough time to come up with a solution. response."

The others had no objections and all expressed their agreement. When Wen Wenhai saw that no one objected, he nodded and said: "Okay, that's it, we will form a standing team to be responsible for summoning the dragon." For the formation, this team will be commanded and trained by Elder Jiu Suan." Elder Jiu Suan responded and sat down.

Wen Wenhai then said: "The enemies we faced this time are really very powerful. It's hard to say what kind of enemies we will face next time, but the previous two interfaces , has made us understand that the enemies we face will only get stronger and stronger, so we must be careful if we attack in the future."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai then continued: "Because of this, I think we should be able to make some changes, especially in terms of troop formation, we must make some changes, everyone If you have any opinions, you can express them directly."

When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned and didn't quite understand what he meant. There seemed to be nothing wrong with their formation, right? Why make the change? how to change? This was something they had never thought of before, so everyone was a little confused.

Wen Wenhai then said: "Elder Zhu said before that reconnaissance, reconnaissance is very important to us, but now we don't have any reconnaissance at all. This is very inappropriate, because it is the law of the Shadow Clan. We have no way to get in there for reconnaissance, but we can't just let the Blood Killing Battle Fort rush over, right? I think we still need to conduct reconnaissance. At the very least, we can send some people as outposts to check the situation ahead. , and then let the Blood Killing Battle Fort attack. If we directly sent the Blood Killing Battle Fort out, and waited until we got deep into the power of the Shadow Clan's Law, we discovered that there was another eight-headed snake waiting for us there, then we Wouldn't the bloody battle fortress suffer heavy losses? So I think reconnaissance is very necessary and necessary, what do you think?"