c7103 battle formation

"I agree. I also think we should send out people to conduct reconnaissance first, and then attack. However, the people sent out must be chosen well. If they are too weak, they will simply die. The combat power of those Shadow Clan, I think everyone has seen that if the people sent out are not strong enough, it will definitely not work." Chang Jun said.

Zhu Yong has the most say in this regard. He said directly: "Now the only ones we use for reconnaissance are the Kirigakure clan, but the Kirigakure clan all conducts reconnaissance from below. This kind of reconnaissance has many advantages. It's a big shortcoming, because the Kirigakure clan is not very strong when fighting head-on. They can exert their greatest power underground, but now the laws of the Shadow clan have been compressed and are too solid. It’s too dark. It’s difficult for them to see clearly what’s on the ground when they’re underground, and they’re also easy to spot. Once they’re discovered, they’ll be in danger, so I think we should send others to scout.”

Everyone nodded, and they also felt that what Zhu Yong said made sense. The Kirigakure clan was indeed not suitable for reconnaissance now. Reconnaissance in the past was equivalent to spies, conducting reconnaissance without the enemy knowing. Now that the enemy's power of law has been compressed, it is equivalent to two armies fighting. It is impossible to use reconnaissance like spies, because the enemy will pay special attention to this, and it is impossible for you to send spies there. At this time, it is necessary to conduct reconnaissance like a scout. This kind of reconnaissance will be discovered by the enemy, but they can come back safely, so that they can know the enemy's true strength. However, such reconnaissance has no influence on the strength of the person doing the reconnaissance. It has very high requirements.

Wen Wenhai also understood what he meant, so he immediately said: "Elder Zhu, who do you think is the most suitable person to send for reconnaissance?" Wen Wenhai also knew that Zhu Yong was the real expert in this regard, so he had to ask Zhu Yong Yong's opinion is the only one. In fact, he has thought about this question before, but he has no answer, so now he has to listen to what Zhu Yong has to say.

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "I think the Alien clan is the most suitable for the Alien clan. In fact, when the Alien clan was in the lower world, they already had the ability to atomize, and their fighting power was very powerful. In the past, the Alien clan could be said to be Our Blood Killing Sect is one of the most powerful main battle races. However, after arriving in the upper world, they rarely take action. Only the cavalry and some alien races are participating in the war, and the number of battles is very few. , but the strength of the Alien Clan is still there, and the Alien Clan are born warriors, and keeping them in the sect is not a good thing for them, so I think we should send the Alien Clan to go reconnaissance."

Upon hearing what Zhu Yong said, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned at first, but then their eyes lit up. If there is a race in the Blood Killing Sect that is least afraid of death, it is not the undead race or the puppet disciples, but They are a clan of aliens. They are born warriors. What do you mean by born warriors? That means they like war, and peace is a kind of torture to them. Only war can excite them, and this is the case with the alien clan.

The aliens are naturally fond of fighting, and they get excited when they hear about fighting. Among them, except for some elders who are formal disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the rest of the aliens are actually not real monks, and even their spiritual intelligence They can't be fully opened, because they are milked directly from the alien nest.

The alien family can produce a large number of aliens in a short period of time, and the combat effectiveness of these aliens is not weak. However, except for fighting, destruction, and destruction, these aliens can hardly do anything else. Because of this, the Blood Killing Sect does not actually count these aliens as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

But these aliens are actually very smart, and they can communicate with each other, so let these aliens go for reconnaissance, and then directly tell the alien elders about the reconnaissance situation, so that there won't be any problems, even if Those alien clans have all been killed, and it won't have much impact on the Blood Killing Sect.

In fact, it is difficult for ordinary aliens to become monks. They cannot practice. Therefore, there are usually not many aliens in the Blood Killing Sect who have not developed spiritual wisdom and have not become formal disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They want to use When the time comes, just make them now, and what Zhu Yong wants to use for reconnaissance should be the aliens that have just been made.

Wen Wenhai and the others all knew what Zhu Yong meant, so their eyes lit up. Wen Wenhai turned his head and looked at everyone, and finally his eyes fell on one person. This person was very thin, and his whole body was... People have a very cold feeling. His name is Shu Li. He is the patriarch of the Alien clan and an elder of the Blood Killing Sect. He is also the highest-ranking member of the Alien clan in the Blood Killing Sect. Wen Wenhai looks at him. His eyes were very clear that he wanted to hear what he meant.

Shun Li glanced at Wen Wenhai, then at everyone, and then said: "Okay, after we go back, we can make some aliens, and then let these aliens go to reconnaissance, leave this matter to us ." After saying that, he stopped talking. He is not a talkative person, and although he is also a member of the alien clan now, in his opinion, they have gained spiritual intelligence and become elders or disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Those who can practice on their own are the real aliens, and those aliens that have just been created can only be regarded as a special kind of monsters, and cannot be regarded as aliens, so he has no regard for Zhu Yong's proposal. son's disgust.

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he immediately nodded and said: "Okay, let's leave this matter to Elder Shu. After the reconnaissance is finished, we should talk about other formation situations. Now we will kill each other. There are several types of troops that the sect leader fights, one is the Blood Killing Battle Castle, the other is the cavalry, and the other is the ordinary infantry disciples. The cavalry here looks like alien puppets, monster cavalry, or real puppet cavalry. , this kind of cavalry that has been trained for a long time, like our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, when fighting, it is necessary to transform their bodies into mounts and then transform into cavalry. They cannot be regarded as real cavalry. Everyone thinks about this No objection at all?"

Everyone shook their heads. They knew very well that although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could turn into cavalry when necessary, they did not know much about the real cavalry tactics, so they used Blood Killing Sect disciples. Let’s talk about Zongzhen’s cavalry. When they fight, they usually don’t line up in a Rubik’s Cube formation. The cavalry has a set of formations that are exclusive to them. What they want is speed and impact, so their The tactics are very different from those of ordinary infantry disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai continued: "Since the Blood Killing Battle Castle and the magic square formation, we have used very few cavalry, but I think we cannot ignore the cavalry queen. In fact, our Blood Killing Sect The combat effectiveness of the cavalry is definitely very powerful. If you really think about it, the impact, speed and long-distance running ability of our Blood Killing Cavalry are not necessarily much worse than the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Although they do not have the Blood Killing Battle The defense is as strong as the fort, but they are more flexible, but in the recent period, we have just ignored them."

Chang Jun said: "This situation must attract our attention. Why does the sect master let us command the actions here in the Snake World? It is because he wants to train troops and train our Blood Killing Sect disciples through this battle. Whether it is Blood Killing Castle, ordinary infantry disciples, or cavalry disciples, they must receive corresponding training, so I think that when we arrange our troops, we must also take the cavalry into consideration."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Yes, so I think it is very necessary for us all to discuss how to arrange our troops next. Let's talk about it." Wen Wenhai had already discussed these things with Chang Jun before Well, what Chang Jun said before was the result of the discussion between the two. Zhao Hai asked them to attack the Snake Realm just to train their troops. If they don't let the cavalry go into battle, then what's the use of training? So they have to let the cavalry go into battle.

Bai Yan has always been the commander on the front line. He also felt that there were actually some problems with the formation of the Blood Killing Sect. Now when Wen Wenhai said this, he suddenly had a flash of inspiration, and he immediately stood up and said to Wen Wenhai said: "Elder Wen, I just have an idea."

Wen Wenhai still attaches great importance to Bai Yan's opinion, because he found that Bai Yan is really very smart. He has already put forward many good ideas before, so when Wen Wenhai said this, he immediately Said: "Elder Bai, please tell me, you are the frontline commander, you should feel more deeply, your opinions are very important."

He rolled his eyes and thanked him, then waved his hand, and a large projection appeared in front of him. On this projection, many small things were displayed. These small things were all arranged in neat formations, which looked a bit... It's like a battle formation, but the little things on it seem to be different.

When everyone took a look, they realized that the small things in his projection represented the various arms of the Blood Killing Sect. In his projection, in the front and middle position, it was the Blood Killing Sect. These bloody battle forts were arranged in a square formation, standing in the middle of the entire battle formation. On both sides of the bloody battle fort, there were two teams of cavalry. These two teams of cavalry, The two wings of the fort were protected, but behind the bloody battle fort was a Rubik's Cube formation of infantry.

Baiyan pointed at the projection and said: "This is the battle formation I came up with. This battle formation can be changed. This kind of battle formation is the most common kind of battle formation. The Blood Killing Battle Fort is in the center and can withstand the enemy's front. Attacking can even protect the cavalry on the two wings, and the cavalry on the two wings can also protect the two wings of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Similarly, they can also conduct assaults from both wings, and the magic square formation of the infantry is in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. From behind, you can enter the Blood Killing Battle Fort area at any time and attack from the gaps between the Blood Killing Battle Forts. You don’t have to face the enemy’s frontal attack, and you can even provide support to both wings. What do you think?”