c7104 reconnaissance

Wen Wenhai and the others all looked at the projection, listening to Bai Yan's words, and kept nodding. They felt that what Bai Yan said was very reasonable. This battle formation looked really good, and it was a great achievement to kill the battle fort with blood. Defensive, far or near, with strong combat effectiveness, it is perfect for being the main force of the Chinese army.

The cavalry on the two wings can indeed protect the two wings of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and the energy weapons and sky-filled fire of the Blood Killing Battle Fort can also provide fire support to the cavalry on the two wings. The cavalry on the two wings can attack from both wings because of their strong maneuverability. The enemy is also a situation where both success and defense can be achieved.

As for the infantry Rubik's Cube formation at the back, they can support the cavalry on both wings, or they can attack through the gaps in the Chinese Army's Blood Killing Battle Fort formation to attack the enemy. After all, even if the Blood Killing Battle Fort forms a large formation, they cannot leave. If it is too close, it will not affect the attack of the Magic Cube Formation. The Magic Cube Formation can also release energy beasts. The attack range of this energy beast is very far. It can also provide support to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and the enemy wants to attack. The Infantry Rubik's Cube Formation must pass the blood-killing battle fortress, which reduces the infantry's chances of facing the enemy's attack head-on, making it even more perfect.

When they thought of this, Wen Wenhai and the others became even more warm-hearted. They kept nodding their heads, but then they saw a wave of their eyes and a wave of their hands. The projection changed once, and they saw that the big formation turned into countless small formations. These The small formations are also very different from the original blood-killing sect's large formations. There are still ten blood-killing battle forts in one formation, but in each small formation of the blood-killing battle forts, there will also be a large Rubik's Cube formation of infantry. Like the cavalry squad, the enlisted squad is like a satellite, rotating around the perimeter of the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, attacking all enemies who want to get close to the Blood Killing Battle Fortress. However, the infantry's Rubik's Cube formation is in the Blood Killing Battle Fortress. Inside the small formation, you can provide support to the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

Baiyan pointed at the small formations and said solemnly: "Our attack method is generally like this. Let the Blood Kill Battle Fort attack the enemy, go to the enemy's hinterland, establish a small base, and then activate the small base. Now that we have built a five-element killing formation, our previous blood-killing battle fortress had problems like this when it was in action. Sometimes, we even had to fall to the ground to establish a small base. It is because there is no cooperation from other arms. If we allow other arms to cooperate with the Blood Killing Battle Fort operation, it will be easier to establish a small base."

Then Bai Yan changed several battle formations, each of which had its own use. Wen Wenhai and the others kept nodding their heads as they looked at it. When these types of troops were well coordinated together, the power was indeed very huge. After Bai Yan finished speaking, Wen Wenhai said: "Very good, your ideas are very good, so that all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect can be trained. However, these new battle formations need to be prepared before actual combat." If they are to be used, they must undergo a period of training, otherwise there will be problems with coordination, and in that case, they will affect each other."

Everyone else also nodded, and Bai Yan also nodded and said: "Yes, this must be trained. After all, if you want to go to the battlefield, such training is indispensable. I think we can organize disciples immediately after the meeting is over. What do you think about training in this area?"

Everyone nodded. If this kind of battle formation is to be used on the battlefield, it must be trained as soon as possible. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Now it seems that what we have to do is... There are a lot of them, so there is no need to hold a meeting. Let’s take action now. Elder Chang, organize disciples to enter the Blood Killing Battle Castle to stay permanently. Elder Shu Li, organize the alien clan to conduct reconnaissance. Elder Jiu Suan, organize The disciples are training to prepare for the giant energy beast formation. Baiyan, I will leave the disciples' battle formation training to you. Is there no problem for everyone? If there is no problem, then the meeting will be adjourned."

Everyone shook their heads, but Ding Chunming suddenly said: "I have a problem. I think the sect must let those strong people in the sect also participate in this training. We must let them We also learn how to cooperate with the battle formation. When we face the enemy, we must let them take action. If they don't fully understand the cooperation of the battle formation, it will also affect their actions."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It makes sense. Those powerful elders will be commanded by you, Elder Ding. They will also participate in this training, especially the battle formation training. We must ensure that there is a good relationship between them and the disciples of various arms." The training must be able to coordinate perfectly, and we must not hold everyone back.”

Ding Chunming responded. Naturally, he would not have any objections. He believed that such training was necessary. People like them were considered masters in the sect. If they were not familiar with these battle formations, they would be in trouble on the battlefield in the future. There was no way to better cooperate with the Blood Killing Battle Fort and the disciples of various arms, so he put forward his own opinions. Now that Wen Wenhai agreed, what else could he say? It was too late to be happy.

The matter has been decided, so the next step is to do it. Everyone has their own tasks, so they immediately split up and got busy. Ding Chunming went to organize the core disciples and elders in the sect to learn the art of battle formation. You need to learn how to cooperate with each battle formation, and this involves cooperating with Byakugan.

Bai Yan will now start training all his disciples, training them on how to adapt to the new battle formation, and how to cooperate with the various arms in the battle formation. It can be said that this time he has the most work, so he is really He was very busy, so Ding Chunming took the initiative to find him and conduct cooperative training with him, because in the future they would cooperate with each battle formation, so they would naturally have to train together.

The old man Jiu Suan has begun to select disciples. The disciples he selected are all those who are not strong. He teaches them how to form a large formation, and they must be able to form a large formation as quickly as possible. What he wants is speed, so that these disciples They all remember their positions tightly, making position changes become an instinct for them.

As for Yu Wenming, they have now returned to Shenji Hall and started to study how to add energy beasts to the Five Elements Ultimate Array to increase the defense capabilities of the Five Elements Ultimate Array. This is what they want to do now Thing, this matter is also very important to the Blood Killing Sect.

And Shu Li has already begun to make aliens. Because the alien family has been upgraded many times, the aliens produced now are very powerful. It is precisely because of this that Shu Li also believes that the alien family He could definitely become a scout of the Blood Killing Sect.

After ten thousand of the alien clan were made, Shu Li immediately released them. These aliens rushed straight towards the direction of the power of the Shadow Clan's law. They had Zhao Hai's mark on their bodies, so He will no longer be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan Law, and will no longer be almost assimilated like the alien encountered the power of the Shadow Clan Law at the beginning.

And these aliens can now be atomized, and they can even disguise themselves as a Shadow Clan person. Of course, that is in contact with the power of other Shadow Clan laws, and in contact with the power of the Shadow Clan laws here. , this kind of disguise is probably impossible to use. The power of the Shadow Clan Law here is very powerful, and they seem to be very smart, so it is absolutely impossible to deceive the power of the Shadow Clan Law here.

The aliens move very fast. Although they say they can fly, the aliens seem to prefer running on the ground. The distance of fifty miles is really nothing to them. Soon the aliens have arrived at the Shadow Clan. The power of the law came forward, but their speed did not slow down at all, and they plunged into the shadow clan's power of law.

As soon as they entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, the speed of the aliens slowly slowed down. Although the aliens were warlike, their fighting instincts were very powerful. Once they entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, , they felt a pressure, and at the same time they also felt that the distance they could see was very close. In this case, their speed would naturally not be too fast, but move forward carefully. With.

Because all ten thousand aliens have arrived, these aliens have also formed an army and are moving forward. Although their speed has slowed down, they are still faster than a person's running speed. The very fast aliens The army all entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They moved forward carefully, but they couldn't be careful because they felt the hostility coming from all around.

At this moment, the black mist around them suddenly turned into black snakes. These black snakes were all black and suddenly appeared and bit them directly. Many aliens were bitten at once. I was hit, there was nothing I could do, these black snakes appeared too suddenly and too fast, so they bit the alien in one go.

But the aliens didn't react much. Their pointed long tails were a direct counterattack, and they stabbed the snakes directly. The snakes turned into a puff of smoke and disappeared, but the aliens Nothing happened, because the armor on their bodies was very powerful and slow in defense.

However, such an attack made the alien clan feel very annoyed. They roared and suddenly increased their speed. The alien clan was not afraid of any enemies, but these black snakes were invisible enemies. This was the most terrifying thing. Yes, although the aliens are not afraid of them, they don't know when they will appear or where they are. This feeling makes the aliens feel very bad.

After the speed of the alien clan increased, the attacks of those black snakes became smaller, which made the alien clan very excited. Their speed became faster, but soon, a line of snakes appeared in front of them. Giant pythons, these giant pythons are very huge, with a body length of more than fifty feet, as thick as a barrel. These giant pythons also appeared suddenly, not far in front of the alien. As soon as they appeared After that, he immediately attacked the alien.

Naturally, the alien was no longer afraid of the giant python. He moved and attacked the giant python. Countless aliens all jumped on the back of the giant python, biting and hissing. The tail kept attacking the giant python. In the blink of an eye, a giant python was overwhelmed by the alien.