c7106 The dragon takes action

The dragon was in pain and twisting its body desperately, but his mouth was tearing off a piece of meat from the Hydra's body at a time. His two heads had already torn the body under the Hydra's head. Half of it was bitten off, and only half was still connected to the head of the hydra. As he twisted, the hydra also let go of its mouth.

The giant dragon bit him one at a time, and the Hydra also bit him. The two giant dragons were biting desperately. After a while, the giant dragon suddenly heard a loud roar that shook the sky. Wen Wenhai and the others saw that the giant dragon was biting fiercely. The dragon had already bitten off one of the heads of the Hydra, which made Wen Wenhai and the others smile slightly, with smiles on their faces.

But their smiles soon solidified on their faces. Under their adult gazes, the snake body with its head bitten off began to slowly split apart and turned into two equally huge ones. At the same time, the two snakes grew two heads early, and this time the Hydra turned into a ten-headed snake.

As soon as they saw this situation, Wen Wenhai and the others showed very ugly expressions on their faces. Without waiting for Wen Wenhai's order, the old man Jiu Suan commanded the formation and released another giant dragon. The two giant dragons went straight. It rushed towards the Hydra, but the Hydra was still biting the giant snake from before. The huge bodies of the two giant beasts would hit the Blood Killing Sect's Five Elements Killing Formation from time to time. It was so strong. The Five Elements Killing Formation of the Blood Killing Sect shook slightly from time to time.

But the giant dragon in the formation had no intention of going out to help. He was still swimming inside the shield of the formation, but his eyes were always staring outside, with a cold light shining in his eyes. Wen Wenhai and the others all saw the situation of the giant dragon, and they almost knew why the giant dragon did not go out to attack the Hydra. It was because the giant dragon was protecting the base of the Blood Killing Sect. This time the Hydra , in the battle with the giant dragon, although they would bump into the Blood Killer Sect's base from time to time, the shield of their base shook much less than the last time. The last time the giant dragon fought against the eight-headed snake, , the shield of the base was shaking very hard, as if it was about to be broken at any time, but this time it was not. This should be the credit of the dragon.

Two giant dragons surrounded the hydra, biting it from time to time. Soon one of the heads of the hydra was bitten off, but something desperate happened. The body split once, divided into two bodies, and grew two heads. In this way, the Hydra actually had eleven heads.

When they saw this situation, Wen Wenhai and the others' expressions changed. If the head of the Hydra continued to grow like this, it would definitely not be a good thing for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. They didn't see the nine-headed snake now. Snake, fighting with those two giant dragons, has not been defeated at all?

Old Man Jiusuan also saw this, and he immediately released a giant dragon. This time he also specifically gave an order to the dragon, so that when the dragon attacked, it must face the master of Hydra. Attack with the body, don't attack the branch of the body below his head.

But the current Hydra is already very powerful. Even if it is faced with the siege of three giant dragons, he can still cope with it. He keeps biting those giant snakes, and at the same time, his tail is still fighting back from time to time. The four giant beasts fought against each other, and the last four giant beasts were completely entangled together.

Wen Wenhai looked at all this with a look of disgust. After a while, he finally said: "This Hydra is really difficult to deal with. It can keep growing new heads. It seems that we have to do other things well." We are ready, if those giant dragons cannot deal with the Hydra, we must come up with new ways."

Chang Jun also nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Do you want to ask the giant dragon in the guardian formation to take action? If he takes action, he should be able to deal with the Hydra, right? Don't forget, that giant dragon There is a law of killing intent in his body, so the head he bit off shouldn’t grow back, right?”

Wen Wenhai looked at the entangled giant beasts, shook his head, and sighed: "If he had been allowed to take action from the beginning, it would really be possible. Now the hydra has grown more than a dozen. His head is gone, even if the giant dragon wants to destroy him, it won’t be that easy.”

Chang Jun frowned and said: "What should we do? In fact, I think that we should let the elders of Jiu Suan add some shards of the Blood Killing Sword to their formation from the very beginning, so that the giant dragons can There will be a law of murderous intent, so the effect may be better."

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "There is no use saying this now. We have to come up with other ways." Wen Wenhai also knew very well that they did underestimate the Hydra at the beginning. They thought that this hydra just had one more head than the eight-headed snake, so it shouldn't be difficult to deal with. Of course, they actually wanted to see if making a giant dragon would be able to challenge the previous giant. As smart as a dragon, it would be better if this giant dragon was also so smart and could be integrated into the Blood Killing Sect's mountain-protecting formation.

But obviously, they really underestimated the Hydra this time. The ability of this Hydra to survive is really terrible. Now the Hydra has grown more than a dozen heads, and its strength is It seems to have become a lot stronger. At this time, even the giant dragon in the formation may not be able to deal with this Hydra.

At this moment, a giant dragon entangled with the Hydra suddenly roared, then shattered and disappeared. As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai's face couldn't help but change. He was talking. I saw a giant dragon flying out of Old Man Jiu Suan's formation and flying straight to the outside of the formation.

But as soon as this giant dragon flew to the position of the mountain protection formation, he saw the giant dragon in the mountain protection formation rush upwards, and directly hit the giant dragon that was about to fly out, and then this The bodies of the two giant dragons merged together strangely, and the two giant dragons that merged together became more solid and powerful.

This powerful dragon roared in the sky, and with this roar, streaks of red light flew out from some of the Blood Killing Clan's Blood Killing Battle Forts. All of these red lights flew out. Integrated into the body of the giant dragon, Wen Wenhai and the others clearly saw that after flying into the body of the giant dragon, the red light actually formed a huge blood-killing knife. Then the giant dragon attacked Hydra. Pounced.

The giant dragon pounced in front of the Hydra, but did not attack the Hydra immediately. Instead, it pounced directly on the two giant dragons that were still fighting the Hydra, and in the blink of an eye it killed the two giant dragons. The dragon was completely integrated with him, and he became more powerful.

Originally, the scales on this giant dragon were all gray, but now the scales on his body have turned into a bloody color, and the entire dragon has slowly turned into a bloody color, looking very powerful. , the giant dragon looked up to the sky and roared, and then it pounced on the Hydra. The Hydra also felt the extraordinary momentum of the dragon, and his body couldn't help but shrink back. Tongjin had turned into fifteen snake heads. , all biting towards the giant dragon.

The giant dragon looked at the bitten snake heads, but let out a slight whistle. Then all the scales on his body stood up at once, and his body began to rotate, and it turned faster and faster. When the Hydra touched When it reaches his body, countless wounds will be cut immediately, and those wounds are all shining with red light and there is no way to heal. At the same time, black smoke is constantly coming out from the wounds.

Hydra seemed to be very scared, and his body couldn't help but shrink back. At this moment, the giant dragon suddenly stopped spinning and pounced on it. Before Hydra could react, it struck him with one mouthful. It bit one of his heads, and with a force of its mouth, it bit off his snake head.

With just one bite, one snake head was bitten off. The Hydra let out a very painful roar. The other fourteen snake heads also rushed towards the giant dragon and bit it on the dragon's body. At the same time, The body of the snake whose head was bitten off also split into two at once, and two snake heads grew out at the same time. However, on these two snake heads, there was a huge wound, and there was black smoke in the wound. They kept popping up.

And the fourteen snake heads biting the giant dragon suddenly let out a cry of pain when they bit the giant dragon, and then let go of their mouths at once. Their mouths were full of wounds, and you could tell at a glance. It was cut by the giant dragon's scales. At this moment, the five dragon claws of the giant dragon stretched out at the same time and grabbed the heads of five snakes. Five huge wounds appeared on the snakes' heads. But those wounds could not be healed, and billowing black smoke came out of the wounds.

The giant dragon did not stop, but continued to bite the two newly grown heads of the Hydra. In the blink of an eye, it bit off another head of the Hydra. This time, the snake body was right next to it. It split once and grew two more heads, but the wound on the snake's head was larger, and the two snake bodies also seemed much smaller.

After the giant dragon discovered this, he immediately pounced on it. The other snake heads of the Hydra also immediately pounced on the giant dragon, and at the same time, their mouths were on the giant dragon. This time they Even if they were cut by the dragon scales, they still let go. It was obvious that they didn't want the dragon to attack them.

The giant dragon seemed to be indifferent to their bites. His body began to twist continuously, and he soon broke free from the mouth of the Hydra. At the same time, his five claws were still on the Hydra. Huge wounds were left on the body, and then the giant dragon pounced on the newly grown snake heads of the Hydra, biting the last snake head in one bite, and the Hydra's body split apart at once, But the splitting speed also slowed down a lot, and for a while, the snake's head did not grow on its body. In the end, the two bodies disappeared. It was obvious that Hydra was really hit hard this time. It was impossible to split new snake heads. This discovery not only made the dragon very happy, but also made Wen Wenhai and the others breathe a sigh of relief. They finally saw the hope of victory.