c7108 Injuried

For mobile reading please visit m.

, the Blood Killing Sect has expanded once again. This time the expansion covers an area of ​​thousands of miles. It is the largest expansion in the Snake World. Such a large area has kept them busy for a while, but this time they The expansion is a little different. They first built 720 small bases on the periphery. In these small bases, a fragment of the Blood Killing Sword was placed. After these small bases were built, they would see the Five Elements Killing The giant dragon roared loudly, and then the Blood Killing Sect's shield expanded outwards, advancing directly to the small base. The Blood Killing Sect's base suddenly became larger. This was simpler than what the Nine Calculators and the others had done before.

Although the base has been expanded, it will still take a long time to cover all the bases with magic formations. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect do not dare to underestimate the magic formations in these bases, because they It was very clear that the magic circle in the base actually provided energy for the Five Elements Killing Dragon. How dare they underestimate it.

The Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon, after these few battles, has fully demonstrated its strength. It can be said that the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon is definitely the current trump card of the Blood Killing Sect, so all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are He attached great importance to this matter, and the formation was laid out very carefully this time.

The base of the Blood Killing Sect is still about fifty miles away from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They don't dare to build the base close to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws like Zhao Hai did. In that case, they really have no confidence that they can block it. The distance of fifty miles is just right for the Shadow Clan's attack. Even if an enemy discovers an attack on them, they still have a certain amount of time to react.

While the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were busy laying magic circles in the base, Shu Li was already commanding the newly created aliens to enter the black mist of the Shadow Clan for reconnaissance. Those who died last time were They couldn't find the alien body in the black fog, which made Shu Li very worried.

Shun Li also reported this matter to Wen Wenhai, and Wen Wenhai also knew that the alien clan has always been a trump card in Zhao Hai's hand, and now more than 10,000 alien corpses have disappeared. This is definitely not a small matter. Son, so he reported the matter to Zhao Hai once. Zhao Hai didn't blame them, he just said that he understood it and didn't say anything.

After Chen Li knew about this, he stopped thinking about it. He created a clan of 10,000 aliens at one time and allowed them to enter the power of the Shadow Clan's laws for reconnaissance. This time, Chen Li used the aliens. The clan's secret method, he combined a trace of his spiritual power with an alien, just to see what was in the power of Shadow Clan's laws through the alien's eyes.

With a sharp command, the Alien Clan rushed directly towards the Shadow Clan's Law Power. The distance of fifty miles was reached in a blink of an eye. Soon the Alien Clan had entered the Shadow Clan's Law Power. As soon as they entered When he entered the power of Shadow Clan's laws, he felt his eyes go dark, as if he couldn't see anything. It took him a while to get used to it, and he could see the things in front of him clearly, but their sight was greatly affected. Due to the impact, I can only see clearly things less than fifty meters ahead, but not from far away.

Although Shu Li connected his mental power with the alien, he could not command the alien. He could only see what was in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws through the eyes of the alien, and the alien I also looked around and found that there were other aliens all around. These aliens seemed to have just adapted to the light here, and then they rushed straight into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

Shun Li has been looking at the situation around him, but he didn't find anything. There was a black mist all around, and there was nothing at all. When he saw this situation, Shun Li's heart actually started to rise, because of this The calmness is not necessarily a good thing, because it means that more powerful guys may appear.

In this way, they kept walking for a hundred miles, which was the limit distance required by Shu Li for those aliens to conduct reconnaissance. When they faced Hydra before, when the aliens went to conduct reconnaissance, they would encounter attacks from various snakes. A lot of aliens were killed by some big snakes, but here, they didn't encounter anything, not even a snake. This not only didn't make Shu Li happy, but made him even more worried. .

Just when Shu Li thought that this time the reconnaissance was like this and found nothing, the aliens who were about to return suddenly stopped because they found that the black mist fifty meters away seemed to be a little different, and the alien horse was there. They walked forward, and after just a few steps, they discovered that there was a city wall fifty meters away from him. The alien immediately took a few steps forward, trying to see the city wall clearly. But at this moment, the alien suddenly couldn't move. Then Shun Li felt a pain in his head, and the spiritual power attached to the alien disappeared.

Shu Li knew very well what this meant. It meant that the alien was dead. This discovery shocked Shu Li. He had only seen the city wall and not any enemies just now. He would have died immediately. Okay, what's going on? Although the strength of those aliens is not very strong, they are not weak either. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect need to spend some effort to deal with those aliens. Why are they so mysteriously dead now? There are no enemies at all. See, they don’t even know what it is. What’s going on?

Shun Li immediately realized that the city wall they encountered this time was probably not simple. It should be very different from the city walls they encountered before. When he thought of this, Shun Li immediately stood up and didn't care. My head was still aching, so I went directly to Wen Wenhai's office.

Wen Wenhai's office is not far from the conference room, but it is not in the conference room. The conference room is a conference room and the office is an office. These are two different places. Shun Li quickly arrived at Wen Wenhai's office. It is a room that is not very present. There are two disciples outside the room. These two disciples are like secretaries. Some of the jade slips sent below were sorted by them and then delivered to Wen Wenhai. of.

However, these two disciples would not stop Shu Li. Shu Li was also an elder and had a very high status. If he came in person, there must be something wrong, so they did not stop Shu Li at all. Shu Li directly Entering Wen Wenhai's office, Wen Wenhai was dealing with a jade slip. As soon as he saw Shun Li coming, he immediately raised his head. Just as he was about to speak, when he saw Shun Li's face, his brows couldn't help but frown. He stood up and said, "Shen Li, what's wrong with you? Why do you seem to be injured?"

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "I just had a mental shock, just take a rest. This time I am here to tell you something, which is about the aliens who entered the power of the Shadow Clan Law to detect, the ten thousand aliens, They all died, and none of them came back. The weirdest thing is that I still don’t know how they died, let alone what kind of attack they suffered. I feel like something is wrong.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then his face changed and he said: "How do you know that those aliens don't know how they died? Is this why you were injured?" Wen Wenhai is also a master, so he As soon as his head turned, he already knew why Shu Li was injured.

Shun Li nodded and said: "Yes, I attached my spiritual power to an alien. The alien is dead, so that's why. I saw the city wall, but I didn't see the enemy, nor how the enemy acted. Those who attacked us were directly killed. This evil incident is too weird."

Wen Wenhai immediately paid attention to it, and he immediately said: "Where was it found? How high is this city wall? How long is it?" Wen Wenhai had to pay attention. He knew the strength of the alien clan. The aliens killed those aliens without even noticing what kind of weapons they were attacking with. This was enough to show the strength of their opponents.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "I only saw the city wall when I was within a hundred miles of the power of the Shadow Clan's law. I only saw the city wall. I didn't see how high the city wall was, and I didn't see the enemy. Then the alien died. I’m afraid the enemy we encounter this time won’t be that simple.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but frown even more tightly, and finally said: "We are sending a group to take a look. Be careful and pay attention. What we want is information." Shu Li nodded. , turned around and left, and then returned to his room. He immediately began to make the alien clan at once. At the same time, he also found all the other elders of the alien clan, and then told those elders about the situation he encountered before. He said that this time he was going to let everyone attach their mental power to the aliens, and then everyone would go in and take a look to see if they could see clearly what the enemy looked like this time.

Naturally, the elders of the alien clan would not object. After the new alien clan was created, they immediately attached their spiritual power to those aliens, and then allowed those aliens to enter the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. Because we need to conduct reconnaissance on the Shadow Clan's power of law, Chen Li's room is in a small base on the front line. His room is very large, with a large inner space and an alien nest, which makes it even more complicated. To facilitate their reconnaissance of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

After those aliens entered the power of Shadow Clan's laws, everyone became cautious, especially Shu Li. In fact, his mental injuries were not completely healed. Although he took the pill, In fact, it was best to rest for a few days, but he was worried about the situation in the power of the Shadow Clan's Law, so he let the Alien Clan set off once again.

Just like last time, the alien clan entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws without encountering any attacks. This naturally made their progress faster, and soon they penetrated deeply into the Shadow Clan's laws. Within a hundred miles of the force, because they had received severe warnings in advance, the aliens were all cautious. They cautiously moved forward, and soon saw the city wall.

For mobile reading please visit m.