c7118 cavalry

Wen Wenhai listened to the report of Shen Li and the two people, and at the same time looked at the projections coming back from the projection array. These projections were the situation in the orchard. Looking at the projections in the orchard, he couldn't help but sigh, this orchard is really built. It was so beautiful, beyond his expectation. No wonder those aliens didn't want to leave. Even if he only saw the projection, he wanted to go there to see it.

It wasn't until the two of them finished talking that Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "I understand this matter. It is indeed very difficult to handle. The situation there is indeed somewhat special. The illusion has such a great impact on your clan. Then don’t go, I will send others to check the situation there, and I will even try to attack."

Both Shun Li nodded, and Wen Wenhai waved his hands. The two of them bowed, then turned and left. After the two left, Wen Wenhai said to Chang Jun who was sitting beside him: " Lao Chang, what do you think about this matter? This illusion seems to be not simple, and it is also very different from the illusion we encountered at the sonic interface."

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "It's a bit weird. We have seen all kinds of snakes before, but now such a beautiful illusion suddenly appeared. The contrast between before and after is too much." It’s intense, and you should also know that the alien family is not easily controlled by emotions, and this time they actually resisted orders, which is indeed a bit weird."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "It's indeed weird, so I didn't let them go. Although the alien clan has strong resistance to mental control, they have not received special training after all, and we kill them with blood The disciples of the sect are different. Every time they level up, some inner demons will appear. Their resistance in this regard is still very strong, so I want to send some disciples to have a look, so I send the cavalry. , and also try to attack this orchard, what do you think?"

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Okay, I think it's feasible. There's no harm in trying it. It would be better if we could get a trace of the energy in the orchard. We can try it when we come back to see what kind of energy it is and what it is used for." We can find a way to destroy the orchard."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Then it's settled. I'll make arrangements now and let Sun Buyu lead people to see it in person. I feel that this orchard is really weird." After saying this, Wen Wenhai He took out the communication array and gave the order directly to Sun Buyu.

When Sun Buyutian received Wen Wenhai's order, he was really surprised. He did not expect that Wen Wenhai would give him an order. Didn't it mean that all the reconnaissance matters now were handed over to the alien clan? Why was the order given to him again and asked to see it in person? It seems that things are not simple this time.

When he thought of this, Sun Buyu immediately arrived at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai was waiting for him. As soon as he saw him coming, he smiled at him and said, "I guess you will come. Sit down and I will follow you." Let’s talk about the situation this time.” After saying that, he motioned for Sun Buyu to sit down, and Sun Buyu didn’t show any politeness and sat down directly.

After Sun Buyu sat down, Wen Wenhai said: "The alien clan went to scout before and saw this orchard there." As he spoke, he opened the projection array, and the orchard appeared on the array. Sun Buyu was also stunned for a moment when he saw the ridiculously beautiful orchard.

Wen Wenhai then said: "I think you should also know about the alien clan. I don't need to talk about their obedience, but the strange thing is that after the alien clan entered the orchard, they treated Shu Li. There was resistance to the order, and even if I left the orchard, I had to walk ten miles before I was completely free of the influence of the orchard. Do you understand what this means?"

Sun Buyu couldn't help but shrink his eyes, and then said in a deep voice: "Incomparably powerful mental control, even if it is not mental control, it has a strong emotional impact on people. No matter which one it is, it is a very troublesome thing. I understand. Yes, I'm going to prepare now and leave immediately." After saying that, he stood up and walked out.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Don't be anxious. Remember, if necessary, we must also attack the orchard. It would be better if we can regain the energy of the orchard. We must get some of the orchard." The energy is being tested, and the aliens are still observing because they ate the fruits in the orchard. I am worried that something will go wrong, so the aliens who ate the fruits have all been isolated, and you must pay attention to this, after all Such a place is really attractive." Sun Buyu nodded, fisted at Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun, and turned around to leave.

Chang Jun looked at Sun Buyu's back and said in a deep voice: "Do you think there will be a problem? After all, Sun Buyu's mounts are also aliens. If they arrive in the orchard, the aliens suddenly don't listen to them and give them to them. If you leave them, it will be troublesome. If something happens to them, it will be bad. I am afraid that the sect leader will not agree."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, I still have confidence in them. Sun Buyu and the others are different from those ordinary aliens. Those ordinary aliens are all not disciples of our sect, and Sun Buyu and the others are not the same." After very strict training, and they have external incarnations and Dharma appearances, all of them have been initiated by the sect leader, and they have also studied Buddhism very well. Buddhism itself has the ability to calm the mind. I believe they will complete this It’s a one-time mission.”

Chang Jun nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's do this. I'll tell Sun Buyu and the others and ask them to turn on the projection array, the positioning array, and the communication array. Wait, if something happens to them, we can respond at any time. If an ordinary disciple dies once in battle, that's nothing. Everyone has several lives anyway, but the sect leader has high hopes for these cavalry. Yes, if something happens to them, it will be troublesome, and the sect master will not let us go."

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, nodded and said: "That's true. If something happens to them, the boss will be really angry with us. Okay, you can arrange it. If something goes wrong with them, We can go to provide support at any time, by the way, what is Fajing doing now?"

When Chang Jun heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned, and then said: "I didn't do anything. I usually lectured the sect's disciples about drama and studied Buddhism. I didn't seem to have anything else to do. What? Are you busy? "Chang Jun really didn't understand. Wen Wenhai suddenly asked Fajing what he was doing. Fajing could be said to be the most authentic Buddhist descendant in the entire Blood Killing Sect, so Chang Jun paid great attention to him.

Wen Wenhai said: "Call Fajing here to take charge. Once Sun Buyu and the others encounter any problems, let Fajing go to the rescue as soon as possible. Didn't Fajing also learn the nine-character mantra of the sect master? At this time, the nine-character mantra is most suitable to revive their minds."

Chang Jun thought for a while and nodded. Then he took out the communication array and directly contacted Sun Buyu. Sun Buyu had just returned to where he lived and was about to assemble the army. Suddenly, he received another message from Chang Jun. He couldn't help but feel a little confused about the communication, so he immediately connected to the magic circle and said in a deep voice: "Elder Chang, is there anything else?"

Chang Jun said: "No chance, you must be careful in your actions this time. Open all the positioning arrays, communication arrays and projection arrays on your avatars. This will not only allow us to see clearly the situation in the orchard. , leave first-hand information, if anything happens to you, we can respond immediately here, you people must not let anything happen, otherwise, the sect master will not let us go."

Sun Buyu responded and said: "Yes, I understand, don't worry." After saying that, he closed the magic circle directly. He didn't feel that Chang Jun looked down on him just because Chang Jun said this. What would happen from then on? Reverse psychology means not opening those magic circles. That is not what Sun Buyu does. Sun Buyu is also a man who has experienced hundreds of battles. He knows very well that on the battlefield, anything can happen, even to you. No matter how strong you are, you can't guarantee that you will be able to defeat the enemy. You can't even guarantee that you can come back alive unless your strength reaches Zhao Hai's level. Even if you reach Zhao Hai's level, you still can't. You have to be careful at every step, after all, it is a battlefield, and it is always good to have an extra guarantee, so Sun Buyu immediately followed Chang Jun's words.

Chang Jun didn't have any objection to Sun Buyu's initiative to cut off contact. He knew very well that Sun Buyu was that kind of person. He didn't talk much, but as long as it was something he agreed to do, he would definitely do it. Buyu is a very persistent person, otherwise he would not have practiced a set of eight bloody battles to the point of perfection. It is even recognized in the Blood Killing Sect that in terms of sword skills alone, Sun Buyu's eight battles are not as good as those of Sun Buyu. In the Eight Forms, I am afraid that no one can match him except Zhao Hai.

Precisely because he knew what kind of person Sun Buyu was, Chang Jun didn't take Sun Buyu's reaction seriously and directly contacted Fajing. As expected, Fajing was still studying Buddhism. The Buddhism he was studying now was Zhao Hai gave him some Buddhist teachings on earth, and now he is studying these Buddhist teachings while giving lectures to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. His lectures are still very popular in the Blood Killing Sect. After all, Zhao Hai is in the Blood Killing Sect. There are too few sutra lectures in the Sha Sect, and everyone can only listen to the Dharma purification.

After receiving Sun Buyu's order, Fajing rushed to the Snake World Headquarters. Now Fajing is very different from before. He looks more kind, but in this kindness, there is There is an air of majesty, and the whole person gives people a very sacred feeling.

Chang Jun told Fa Jing what happened this time, and then said to Fa Jing: "Now Sun Buyu and his cavalry are preparing to go for reconnaissance. I have invited you to come and be in charge. If Sun Buyu and the others are in any danger, , you must go to the rescue as soon as possible, is there no problem?"

Fajing smiled, looking like a Buddha, giving people a very reassuring feeling. Then he said: "No problem, please don't worry, Elder Chang." His voice was also very calm, making people feel at ease. Feeling at peace.