c7115 upgrade

Wen Wenhai and the others were all watching the battle. On the second day of the battle, Wen Wenhai looked at the snake balls in the projection and said: "The snake balls are different from the snake balls we encountered before. The snake ball that arrived is just a snake ball, it can hit and attack, but now the snake ball looks like a factory, absorbing the ability of aliens, and then creating more aliens. Have you noticed? There are already some aliens who have been directly devoured by the snake cavalry on the battlefield, just like what aliens do."

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "I noticed, those snake people are becoming more and more like aliens. Have you noticed that alien-like armor has appeared on their bodies and on the snakes they ride? , the defense has become stronger, and the tails of their mounts look more and more like the tails of the aliens. They seem to be able to absorb energy, and these guys have become stronger."

Wen Wenhai nodded solemnly, and then said: "Yes, they have become stronger, but now the alien clan can still withstand it. To be honest, there is really nothing you can do if you don't see the alien clan fighting. Imagine how powerful and powerful their fighting power is, it’s really amazing.”

Chang Jun also nodded. He also felt this way. In the past, I only heard that the alien clan was Mr.'s fighting race. Their combat power was very powerful, but they never felt it. But now they really feel it. This clan is really too powerful.

The enemy had more troops than the aliens, including city walls, giant snakes, and snake balls. But even so, the snakemen of the Shadow Clan still failed to destroy the aliens. The next day passed , another 400 million aliens have joined the battlefield, and now the number of alien Zerg on the battlefield is still about 2.2 billion. In other words, these two days of fighting have not only not reduced the number of aliens participating in the battle, It actually increased.

Just when Wen Wenhai and the others were surprised by the fighting power of the alien clan, Shu Li and the others also looked at the aliens in front of them in surprise. These aliens had just retreated from the battlefield. They They retreated on their own initiative. The Alien Clan will only retreat under two circumstances. One is when they receive an order to retreat, and the second is that they get new genes. Then they will retreat. And now Shu Li has not ordered a retreat. order, that is to say, these aliens have obtained new genes, which can allow the aliens to upgrade.

Shun Li looked at the aliens in confusion and said in a deep voice: "How did you get the new genes?" Shun Li really didn't understand. The snake people of the Shadow Clan didn't just die in battle. Will it turn into black smoke? Under such circumstances, how could they have any genes left behind for the aliens to devour?

The alien couldn't speak, so he roared a few times, but Shu Li was a member of the alien family, so he still understood what those aliens meant. After hearing the alien's words, Shu Li was immediately confused. He really was. Didn't expect this to be the case. In fact, this matter is very simple to say. Those Shadow Clan Snake People are devouring the Alien Clan and then absorbing the Alien Clan's abilities, so that their combat effectiveness becomes stronger. However, the consequence of their doing this is that, on their bodies, They will more or less have some characteristics of the alien clan. Of course, it can also be said to be the advantages of the alien clan. After they die in battle, their bodies will vaporize, but because they have absorbed some of the characteristics of the aliens, their bodies , but it won’t be completely vaporized like before. There will be something left behind, maybe a piece of armor, a piece of tail, or a tooth. In short, there will be something left behind. This is what I want to say. To pay the price of evolution, if they want to have the abilities of the alien family, they cannot pay no price at all.

The things they left behind really didn't attract the attention of the Alien Clan at first, but later the Alien Clan noticed it. One of the Alien Clan was very curious and ate a piece of the tail left by the Snake Man. But what he didn't expect was that after he ate the tail, he actually evolved. This discovery surprised the aliens, and they immediately told the news to other aliens. After he did this, the other aliens Reminder, I noticed those things immediately, and then after eating those things, the aliens also evolved.

And this time, there are two main powers of the alien evolution. One is that they can absorb the power of the Shadow Clan for their own use. They can even use the power in their own bodies to command some of the Shadow Clan's power to help them attack. Enemies, just like the snake men on the city wall, the energy guns they thrust out are not all the energy in their bodies. They use the energy in their bodies to activate the power of the surrounding laws to form an energy gun. , to attack the alien clan, and now the alien clan has such an ability. Although they are not the snake people of the shadow clan, they have such an ability, not only the power of the laws of the shadow clan, but also other With energy, they can do this.

The second ability is to absorb energy and turn it into your own energy. This may sound like nothing, but for the alien family, this ability is very important. In the past, the alien family could only absorb the genes of the enemy to make themselves more powerful. Strong, except for people like Shu Li who can take the form of humans and practice it with spiritual wisdom, other aliens cannot practice it. They can only rely on absorbing the genes of stronger creatures to make themselves stronger. Stronger.

But it's different now. Now they can directly absorb energy. They can absorb the energy of the five elements and the two qi of yin and yang. And after absorbing this energy, it will be converted into their own energy, making them stronger. This is where Practice, and it is the simplest way of practice in the world.

You must know that the ability that these aliens have evolved is different from that of monks. Monks absorb energy at a certain speed, and there is also a certain amount. Of course, this does not refer to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. Since the disciple has an external incarnation, he can always absorb energy, which is different from ordinary monks.

The ability of the alien clan is a bit like the external incarnation of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They can always absorb energy from the outside world to strengthen themselves. Moreover, they have one more advantage than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are It absorbs energy through the incarnation outside the body. The energy must be filtered before it can enter the body of the Blood Killing Sect disciple. In fact, there are not many abilities that can enter the body of the Blood Killing Sect disciple. Most of the energy is absorbed. The incarnation outside the body, the Dharma form and the energy array incarnation are absorbed, which is equivalent to dividing one energy into four parts, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect only get one part, which is the smallest part, and the remaining three parts , were given to the external incarnation, the Dharma form and the energy array incarnation respectively. Of course, these three are all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In calculation, the energy is not wasted, but their reality is indeed only a quarter. , or even less.

The alien energy is obtained from the Shadow Clan. They have no physical form, no external incarnation, and no energy array incarnation, so all the energy absorbed into their bodies is used by them to improve themselves. The body makes their body more powerful, and at the same time, there is always an energy running in their body. When necessary, they can use this energy in their body to mobilize the energy from the outside world. , attack or defense, this is already a very remarkable achievement.

In the past, the alien clan's attack methods were too single, but now it is different. Now that they have this ability, their attack methods will increase. This is equivalent to a qualitative change for the alien clan. This How could people like Shu Li be unhappy?

Shun Li and the others all became excited, and Shun Li immediately said: "Okay, great. With this ability, our alien clan can dominate the world, and we will become the most powerful ones in the hands of the young master." With a sword, no one can compare with us."

When he heard what he said, Cang Ming was stunned for a moment, and then a look of thinking appeared on his face. He turned to look at Shu Li and said, "Shen Li, do you remember the young master's order? We never understood it before. Why did the young master issue such an order? Do you think this is actually the reason why the young master issued that order?"

When Shun Li heard what Cang Ming said, he was also stunned, and then his face became serious, and then he said in a deep voice: "It is very possible that the young master has always paid great attention to our alien clan, and he should be very aware of us. What difficulties are the Alien clan encountering now? It can be said that up to now, the development of our Alien clan has encountered a bottleneck. Otherwise, in the Blood Killing Sect, we, the Alien clan, would not have only such a small number of people, especially in the After confronting the Shadow Clan, the role of our alien clan has been infinitely reduced, so our alien clan has appeared less and less frequently. The young master will not give up on us. He has been thinking about how to solve this matter. thing, so he issued such an order, first let the Shadow Clan people absorb the energy of our Alien Clan, so that they can become the energy of our Alien Clan, but after they absorb the energy of our Alien Clan, they must also have some Changes will leave some things behind, and these things will definitely contain something special about the Shadow Clan, at least some of the characteristics of the Shadow Clan snake people. When we absorb those things, we will naturally have these abilities. Okay, this completes an upgrade for our alien family, and it is the most important upgrade for our alien family."

"It's not too stupid." A voice suddenly sounded in the minds of the two people, and then the sound disappeared, but they both recognized it. The voice just now was Zhao Hai, and the two people's expressions immediately changed. Right, they said in unison: "Young Master." They were so familiar with Zhao Hai's voice that they could never hear it wrong. Moreover, Zhao Hai was the only one who could speak directly in their minds. Naturally, the two of them did not dare to neglect. .