c7111 Simple magic circle

In the meeting room of the Blood Slaughter Sect, a projection was playing. What was shown on the projection was exactly what happened when the energy beasts were attacking the city wall. Until those Gorgons started to attack the aliens and turned them into stone statues. The projection time is not very long, especially the battle period is even shorter, but in such a situation, the pictures displayed in the projection are really scary. .

After the projection was finished, Wen Wenhai turned to look at the crowd and asked, "What do you think?" To be honest, the projection was actually very clear, especially since the projection was three-dimensional, giving people a sense of reality. It feels like being there, so everyone who sees this projection feels chills all over their body.

Shun Li spoke first: "I now know how the Zerg and the scouts sent by our alien clan died. I noticed before that there were many stone statues under the city wall. Although those The stone statues are already somewhat damaged, but what is certain is that those stone statues should be the aliens and Zerg we sent out before, and the ones they attacked were those snake-haired women. Their eyes seemed to have a special ability. Anyone they see will turn into stone."

Everyone nodded, rolled their eyes and then said: "Not only the people she saw will turn into stone, but also the energy beasts will be affected. Although the energy beasts did not turn into stone, their actions became very strange." They are slow, and their energy is constantly being lost, which means that their eyes also have an impact on the energy beasts."

Everyone nodded at once. They all saw that the movements of the energy beasts suddenly slowed down and their bodies were shrinking. This was obviously because of the Gorgons, not because of anything else. The previous ones The energy beast has never been in this situation before. It became like this after meeting the Gorgon.

He rolled his eyes at everyone, and then said: "And we should also notice that there are many snake balls and some giant snakes on the city wall. Those giant snakes are composed of many small snakes. One way, obviously, they are also protecting the city wall, these are what we need to face when attacking."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Everyone should pay attention to one more thing, that is the city wall. The city wall seems to be constantly swimming. This is the first time we have seen this. It feels like a giant snake. Similarly, we have to guard against this. If the city wall suddenly turns into a giant snake, it will have a huge impact on us. Although we still don’t know if the city wall is a giant snake. Snakes, but we must think of them when attacking."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The others can be said to be old opponents, such as snake balls, giant snakes, city walls, and snake warriors with spears. We have encountered all of these, only that kind We have never encountered a woman with snake hair, do you have any tips on how to deal with it?"

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone was silent for a while. The ability of that kind of woman was really scary. As long as they saw it, they would turn into stone statues. They had never had such an ability before. I've seen it before, so they really didn't have any good ideas at the moment.

Wen Wenhai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "It seems that no one has any good ideas. We still don't know how many attack methods those Gorgons have, but we have to find a way. To deal with her, she currently has only one attack method, and that is their eyes, so can we start from this aspect?"

When Chang Jun heard what he said, his eyes lit up, and then Chang Jun nodded and said: "This is a way, their attack power is on the eyes, then we can really start from this aspect, for example A spell that can create light, and then suddenly emit strong light, will hurt their eyes. Don't forget, eyes are very fragile."

Everyone nodded, this was a method, and at this time Zhu Yong also said: "I think we can use a mirror spell to directly reflect the energy emitted from her eyes. Go back, if you can really do that, then they won’t be a threat anymore.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Old Zhu, you are too daring to think. The mirror spell is just a very simple spell. How could it work on those Gorgons? But We can try this method, but it is best to try it with a magic weapon, and do not let the disciples try it directly, as that will be dangerous."

Everyone laughed, and Zhu Yong also laughed. He also thought it was impossible. As Wen Wenhai said, the mirror spell is just a very simple spell, just like a realm created by magic. Apart from reflecting light and illuminating people's shadows, this magic circle has almost no effect. If such a spell can have any effect on that kind of Gorgon, it would be a ghost.

It took a while for everyone to calm down, and then Wen Wenhai said: "Let's let Lao Wen make some projection arrays first, put those projection arrays on the front line, and then we will try to attack. Let’s use all the two methods we thought of before and see what the result is. If it doesn’t work, then we’ll think of other methods.”

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "For the bright light attack, I think I will use the flash array, plus an image array. Both of these arrays are very simple arrays. Let's just use it." Some disciples formed a small team, and then asked one of them to use their external incarnation to make a small magic weapon, and put all the people in the small team into the magic weapon. The magic weapon should be equipped with a defensive array. , bring the flashing magic circle and the mirror magic circle at the same time and see how the effect is."

Everyone agreed, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I'll tell Lao Wen about the projection array, Baiyan, you can prepare the rest. When Lao Wen delivers the projection array, we'll take action." Everyone stood together. Everyone responded in unison, and then Wen Wenhai waved his hands, and everyone left the room directly.

After Wen Wenhai waited for everyone to leave, he immediately explained the situation to Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming didn't ask any questions, and soon a small space bag was directly sent to Wen Wenhai. In this space bag, There are two round iron bunks, each as big as a blue ball.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw these two iron balls, he couldn't help but laugh. He was really familiar with these things. They were exactly the kind of iron balls they used to detect space passages. He was known to know how to find a way. , because this kind of iron ball is used for detection, it naturally has a projection array inside, and this projection array, in order to allow the people of the Blood Killing Sect to see clearly what is going on in the space channel, all the energy signals are very strong and resistant to The interference ability is not mentioned. It is enough to use this iron ball to observe the situation on the front line. Don't forget, they still have the Blood Killing Battle Castle parked next to the power of Shadow Clan's law. The iron ball is completely The energy signal can be transmitted to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and then transmitted from the Blood Killing Battle Fort to the conference room of the main base.

Then Wen Wenhai called Bai Yan over and handed the iron ball to Bai Yan. Bai Yan didn't say anything and just turned around and left. However, Wen Wenhai called everyone to the conference room at one time. The energy signal from the ball was directly connected to the projection array in the conference room, so that they could directly see the situation on the front line.

At this time, Byakugan has returned to the Blood Killing Battle Fort on the front line. The disciples he selected are also ready. This time, the number of disciples he selected is not very large, only one hundred thousand, and one hundred thousand people will be divided into three. One hundred groups, half of the people in each group are for the person who made a medium-sized magic weapon, and the magic weapon they made provides energy, and the remaining half are for support. This time, they are not for direct attack, but for To conduct an experiment.

After arranging the disciples, Bai Yan took out the two iron balls, and then placed them outside the Blood Killing Battle Castle. Then he asked the disciples to set off, and also launched a wave of energy beasts. One of the energy beasts was Grabbing the two iron balls, they rushed straight into the power of the Shadow Clan's Law. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not move very fast this time, but slowly followed the energy beasts.

Soon those energy beasts entered the battlefield. The energy beast holding two iron balls threw the iron balls in his hand in front of the city wall and rushed directly towards the city wall. Although his movement speed was faster than once. It slowed down, but still attacked the city wall.

However, such an attack was of no use. These energy beasts were quickly eliminated. At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also arrived. They all received Baiyan's order, so as soon as they arrived on the battlefield, they immediately The defensive array was set up, which was a five-element killing array, and then they opened the mirror array directly.

They didn't use the flashing array, they just used the mirroring array. This was also Baiyan's order. This was just a test, so why not try it with the mirroring array first and see what effect it had, although they didn't agree. It was a high hope, but it was still necessary to give it a try, and then try the flash array. If such an attack had no effect, then they would have to retreat and think of other ways.

The Five Elements Killing Formation is actually not very complicated. The medium-sized magic weapons made by those disciples can all be arranged inside. However, for the needs of combat, more energy is still needed. This is why in every medium-sized magic weapon, A thousand people were installed, and now 500 people are providing energy to the magic weapon, and the remaining people are ready to respond at any time.

These thousand people should actually be two combat teams, but in order to ensure their safety, they were allowed to stay in a magic weapon, because on the battlefield, if necessary, the people in the team who did not take action can directly take over. By taking control of the magic weapon, the person who provided energy to the magic weapon before can get a rest, thus ensuring the offensive rhythm of the magic weapon.