c7112 accidents

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed into the battlefield with medium-sized magic weapons made by their external incarnations, with a defensive shield and a mirror image array. There were also projections in the magic weapons of these disciples. Those in the magic circle can also see the situation outside, so they all stare at the projection very nervously and adjust their attacks according to the opponent's reaction shown on the projection.

Similarly, Wen Wenhai and the others who were far away in the conference room at the center of the Blood Slaughter Sect base also looked at the projection in the conference room. The projection in this conference room was very large, and the display area was also very large. The two The ball is inconspicuous, but it is still very useful, so Wen Wenhai and the others can now clearly see the situation on the battlefield.

Seeing those medium-sized magic weapons, as soon as they rushed into the battlefield, the Gorgons all turned to look at those medium-sized magic weapons. The medium-sized magic weapons made by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all in the shape of a boat, but they were fully enclosed. Ship-shaped, this ship-shaped magic weapon is also covered with a translucent gray shield. It really doesn't look like anything special.

But just as the Gorgons were looking at the ship, a huge mirror seemed to suddenly appear on the ship. Two rays of purple light were reflected on the mirror. The purple light was directly reflected on the snakes. On top of the haired girl, the Gorgons let out a scream, and then they slowly turned into a stone statue, and then the stone statue turned into a puff of black smoke and disappeared.

And with the disappearance of the Gorgon, the alien clan who had turned into stone statues slowly recovered. They turned their heads to look around in confusion, and then immediately turned to look at the city wall. He roared at the city wall and attacked directly like a city wall.

And some of the broken stone statues on the ground turned into alien corpses at this time. They were already dead. But this time, the effect of the mirror array made Wen Wenhai and the others stunned. They never expected that a small mirror array could kill those seemingly powerful Gorgons. Okay, this seems too easy, right? They were so relaxed that they didn't believe this was true.

Not only Wen Wenhai and the others, but even the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect on the front line did not expect this to be the case, so they all froze there. At this moment, a huge energy gun was directed towards their magic weapon. After stabbing them, the giant snakes flying above the city wall also rushed towards the disciples' magic weapons.

Those disciples woke up immediately and retreated immediately. They were only here for experiments this time, not to attack the city. It was not their turn to attack the city yet, so now they retreated directly. Those giant snakes seemed to He had no intention of chasing, but in a blink of an eye, he rushed towards the aliens who were attacking the city wall.

Wen Wenhai looked at the situation on the projection and was speechless for a while. At this moment, a sudden burst of laughter came: "Hahahahaha, it's so funny, this is really so funny, those What on earth is the Shadow Clan's power of law trying to create such a thing to attack us, and it can be solved with a small mirror image circle, hahahaha, this credit comes so easily."

Everyone turned around and saw that it was Zhu Yong who was laughing. Everyone also laughed. Chang Jun even smiled and said: "Old Zhu, you are so lucky. I didn't expect to say this casually. The opinion actually came true, hahahaha, no one thought that this method would work, it’s so funny.”

Everyone laughed again, and after a while Wen Wenhai finally said with a smile: "Yeah, I really didn't expect that the other party would be like this, but to be honest, if Lao Zhu hadn't said that, no one would have thought that Will use the realm like magic circle. After all, this kind of magic circle is really too simple. Now it seems that sometimes, the higher the level of something, as long as you find something to restrain it, then even that kind of thing Even if the level is very low, it will have a miraculous effect."

Everyone nodded, they also felt this way. Although it seemed that they won very easily this time, if Zhu Yong hadn't mentioned the mirror image circle as a joke, no one would have thought of the mirror image. This kind of magic circle has almost no attack or defense capabilities. Who would have thought that he could restrain the kind of woman who can turn people into stone? This is really funny.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and then said: "Okay, I've laughed enough, it's time to take action. I'm going to give Baiyan the order to prepare for a formal attack. Everyone should be prepared as well." He responded, then turned around and left. Seeing everyone leaving, Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief.

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai and said with a smile: "How about it? Don't worry. In fact, I don't think there is any need to worry, but I still want to remind Bai Yan that now that we are going to attack with all our strength, we must be careful about what the enemy is doing. What's the trick, you didn't notice it, the enemy's defense this time is very different from before."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, there is indeed a big difference. Snake balls, giant snakes, city walls, and snake warriors have all come out. I don't know what they will show up next, but fortunately, now The iron ball is still at the front line, and we can always see the situation at the front line." As Wen Wenhai spoke, he turned his head and glanced at the projection. What appeared on the projection all showed the situation at the front line, but when he saw the snake-haired After the woman was taken care of, the others went to prepare for an all-out attack, and Wen Wenhai and the others did not pay too much attention to the projection.

But now when Wen Wenhai looked at the projection, he found something different. His eyes couldn't help but condense, and then he looked at the projection carefully. When Chang Jun saw his expression, he was also stunned, and then He paid attention to the projection. When he saw the projection, he couldn't help but be stunned for a moment.

The battle on the projection is now over. Although the fighting power of those aliens is good, they are not very strong. Facing the attacks of those giant snakes, they have naturally been dealt with. This is not surprising. Wen Wenhai and the others have already been prepared for this. Even Shu Li and the others didn't pay attention to this matter because the outcome was already decided. What really caught Wen Wenhai's attention was the actions behind the snakes.

The movements of those snakes were very weird. They actually picked up all the dead aliens in their mouths, and then placed them on the snake balls. Then the snake balls twisted for a while, and the next moment the bodies of the aliens disappeared. It's just that the alien corpses who died in battle were treated in this way. Even those who were petrified before, and then the petrified bodies were broken into pieces, the dead alien corpses were also treated in this way. This kind of action is too strange.

Wen Wenhai had been seeing those giant snakes and had finished disposing of all the alien corpses. Then he said, "Didn't we also send out a group of Zerg? How are those Zerg now?" There was some solemnity in his voice. , Chang Jun immediately asked Cang Ming, and then said to Wen Wenhai: "They are all back."

Wen Wenhai nodded and then said, "What do you think about this situation?" Wen Wenhai almost had the answer in his heart, but he still wanted to ask Chang Jun because he wanted to see Does Chang Jun have the same views as him? If they have the same views, then more care must be taken about this matter.

Chang Jun glanced at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "As you think, those snakes should be absorbing the ability of the alien. If they can really absorb the ability of the alien and become the same as the alien, then For us, it is definitely not a good thing. You and I both know what the alien energy is like. It would be too dangerous if those Shadow Clan guys have alien abilities."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then took out the communication array and directly connected to Bai Yan. Bai Yan was preparing to attack, so when he saw Wen Wenhai's communication, he was stunned for a moment, but he connected immediately. It was very clear that Wen Wenhai must have something important to do with him at this time.

Wen Wenhai was not polite to Bai Yan, and immediately said to Bai Yan: "Bai Yan, the corpses of those aliens who died in the Shadow Clan's defense line seemed to have been absorbed by those snakes. You should be careful, if those snakes If you absorb the body of an alien, you might develop alien abilities, so you must pay attention to defense during this attack."

Bai Yan was stunned for a moment, and then he asked with some confusion: "The ability of the alien? What ability does the alien have?" Bai Yan only joined the Blood Killing Sect at the Black and White Battlefield. He didn't know much about the alien clan, he only knew about the aliens. The clan seemed to be made directly from the alien nest, so he asked this question.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Bai Yan said, he was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood what the problem was, and he immediately said: "You come to the conference room now, and I will tell you carefully, this matter is very important. After saying that, he turned off the communication circle, then turned to Chang Jun and smiled bitterly: "Fortunately, I reminded him, otherwise this matter would really be troublesome. We all forgot that he is He just joined our Blood Killing Sect and doesn’t know much about the alien clan, so he almost got into trouble.” Chang Jun also nodded, he was also a little scared.

After a while, Bai Yan appeared in the conference room. He looked at Wen Wenhai with some confusion and said, "Elder Wen, what's going on? Isn't it just that some aliens died? Do you need to pay so much attention to it?" Bai Yan still said I really don’t understand. The fighting power of the alien clan is not very strong. Now they just have killed some aliens. Do they need to pay so much attention to it? I even specially called him to the conference room, which is a bit of a fuss.

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "I was worried that you would have such thoughts, so I called you here. The alien race is different from other races. They are a very special race. At the beginning, the sect leader was very fond of the alien race. Even now, the sect leader has always attached great importance to the alien clan. Do you know why there haven’t been many alien clans in our Blood Killing Sect? It’s because they are too dangerous.” Then Wen Wenhai said that the alien clan is I told Bai Yan how to upgrade, and Bai Yan's expression changed several times after hearing this.