c7117 orchard

After several days of construction, the newly occupied territory of the Blood Killing Sect was covered with magic circles, and the Blood Killing Sect was also preparing to expand. At this time, Wen Wenhai gathered everyone in the conference room. After everyone sat down, Wen Wenhai finally spoke: "I think everyone should know what we are being asked to do this time, right? Again, we are preparing to attack. Do you have any ideas? "

Baiyan smiled and said: "It's simple. In fact, there are not many skills in fighting like now, and it doesn't require too many skills. Just follow the previous method, let the alien clan go to reconnaissance first, and see what we have this time What kind of enemy is the enemy, and then attack, there is actually no need to prepare anything."

Everyone nodded, Chang Jun also nodded with a smile and said: "Yes, I think so too, so Lao Wen, I said you are too nervous. You are now commanding nearly half of the Blood Killing Sect's combat strength. "What do you have to worry about? Just follow the routine. I really don't believe what the enemy can do to us."

When Chang Jun said this, everyone chuckled. Of course they saw Wen Wenhai's nervousness, but to be honest, they really didn't take it to heart. It was because of Wen Wenhai's first time. They are independently responsible for the affairs of the Blood Killing Sect, so they are so nervous. Of course, there is no need for them to be nervous.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chang Jun said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he turned to look at the others and said in a deep voice: "What? Do you think so too?" Everyone laughed again, which made Wen Wenhai He became even more impatient, but then he also laughed, looked at everyone and said, "Okay, I'm a little too nervous. Okay, then the matter is settled. Shu Li, please arrange it. The alien family will go first." Go for reconnaissance and wait until we find out what kind of enemy this time is, then we will attack before it is too late."

Shu Li responded, naturally he would not object. Chang Jun said last time that their alien clan might be the main force against the Shadow Clan in the future, and Zhao Hai also meant the same, so what else could they say? Just do it directly, anyway, the Shadow Clan will be the biggest enemy of their Alien Clan from now on.

Then everyone chatted again for a while. Everyone is usually very busy, so even if they want to get together to chat, it is impossible. When they get together for a meeting, they are all discussing things, and there are not many opportunities to chat. , now that we are together, we naturally want to have a good chat.

Looking at the faces of everyone, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but shook his head and smiled bitterly. He really didn't know what to say. He asked these guys to come here for a while, but instead they came here to chat. This is really It made him feel very impatient, but in the end he didn't stop it.

Everyone chatted for a while and then dispersed. Looking at the people leaving, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but sigh softly, then turned to Chang Jun and said: "Look, what happened after a good meeting? It's really "Yes." Wen Wenhai really didn't know what to say. What was happening now was obviously a pre-war discussion, but it turned into a tea party in the end.

Chang Jun didn't care at all, and instead burst out laughing. For him, the conversation was really interesting. Chang Jun knew that Wen Wenhai had not completely relaxed before, but After this meeting, he should be able to relax almost completely, which is also a good thing for Wen Wenhai.

At this time, Shu Li had already sent the aliens to conduct reconnaissance into the Shadow Clan's power of law. Of course, this time, the aliens all had projection arrays on them. This projection array had also been smelled. What Yu Ming and the others have improved is not only the projection array, but also the communication array. All of them need to be improved, because if they don't do this, they will be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. This is a problem for the Blood Killing Sect. , which is not a good thing.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Yuming and the others have also improved these ordinary magic circles. At the same time, this incident has also reminded them of Wen Yuming. Don't think that you have more advanced magic circles now. Then You don’t need to pay attention to those universal magic formations in the past. You still have to pay attention to those universal magic formations in the past. Improvement of those universal magic formations is also important to them. Very important.

And these aliens are just ordinary aliens. Their strength may not be weak, but their spiritual intelligence cannot be compared with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Only when their spiritual intelligence is fully activated will they become Blood Killing Sect disciples. The official disciples of the sect, otherwise, these aliens would be, to put it bluntly, ordinary cannon fodder.

Such an approach was not the request of Zhao Hai or Wen Wenhai, but was decided by Shu Li and Cang Ming together. It is not easy to become a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Although the strength of these aliens is not weak, in their opinion , if you want to become an official disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, it’s still a little bit off.

Those aliens are smart, but not very smart, but if they are asked to perform any tasks, there is no problem. This is the case with those aliens now. They have rushed in front of the power of the Shadow Clan's law, but they did not immediately Just go in, but carefully observe the situation in the power of the Shadow Clan Law.

Because these aliens have some of the power of the Shadow Clan, they can already see some situations clearly in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. At least their eyesight in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is much stronger than that of ordinary monks. So it is absolutely appropriate for them to be the scouts.

After watching for a while and finding nothing, the aliens entered directly into the power of Shadow Clan's laws and moved forward carefully. There were only 10,000 aliens sent out this time, so they were still very careful. Ten thousand sounds like a lot, but for big scenes like the Blood Killing Clan and the Shadow Clan, where billions of troops are needed to fight, the number of these ten thousand aliens is really too small.

Aliens are not afraid of death or fighting, but that does not mean that they have no brains. On the contrary, the alien family is the most intelligent in terms of fighting. They fight to kill the enemy, so they can use any tricks. , it can be said that there is no lower limit at all, which is the most terrifying thing.

Those aliens were walking around, and within a short time they had penetrated deeply into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, within a hundred miles. I don't know why, but hundreds of miles seemed to be a dividing point for the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in the Snake World. , a hundred miles away, even if you enter the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, you may not be attacked. As long as you enter a hundred miles away, you will definitely encounter attacks, and it will be the same this time.

As soon as those aliens entered within a hundred miles of the Shadow Clan's Law Power, they immediately noticed something different. They found that the situation in front seemed to be a little wrong, so they immediately walked forward carefully, but only walked fifty meters. Suddenly, they felt their eyes blur, and the next moment they discovered that they had arrived in a completely different world.

This is a huge orchard with all kinds of fruit trees growing in it, as well as all kinds of flowers. The air is full of floral and fruity fragrance. The temperature here is very suitable, neither cold nor hot. , there are very soft light grass growing on the ground, and there are several small rivers flowing quietly through the orchard. Everything here is so perfect, so unreal.

All the aliens stood there in a daze. The alertness on their bodies had completely disappeared. A gentle look appeared on their faces, as if they were babies that suddenly returned to their mother's body. Just like in my arms, this feeling is really weird.

Unknowingly, the aliens had entered the orchard. They were strolling in the orchard, and even eating the fruits in the orchard casually. They looked extremely leisurely and relaxed. This situation was almost impossible to happen to the aliens. body, but now it appears.

Shu Li and Cang Ming, who were watching all this, were also stunned. They did not expect that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws could reach such a point. How could people not be surprised? But then Shun Li immediately discovered something was wrong. He found that there seemed to be something wrong with the aliens. They seemed to like staying there and didn't want to come back.

This made Shu Li startled. Then he immediately thought of the illusions he encountered at the sound wave interface. He immediately said: "No, it should be an illusion that can confuse people's minds. Quick, call them all." Come back." These aliens have been made by them, and they can also communicate directly with these aliens, so after saying this, Shu Li immediately used telepathy to give orders to those aliens.

But what surprised Shun Li was that after he issued the order, the aliens actually showed a hint of resistance. This kind of emotion did not appear before, but now it has appeared. Shun Li immediately issued an even more severe order. After giving the order, the aliens reluctantly exited the orchard after a while and walked back slowly. Even so, they turned back three times at a time and walked about ten miles before they recovered. It was as if he suddenly woke up, and there was no resistance at all to Shu Li's orders.

It was not until those aliens stopped resisting his orders that Shu Li breathed a sigh of relief. Then he looked back at Cang Ming and said, "How is the situation there? This seems to be an illusion that can confuse people's minds. Those guys actually You resisted my orders, and now you are fully obeying them."

Cang Ming's face was not very good-looking either. He said in a deep voice: "It's the same here. The Zerg I sent out just now completely obeyed my orders and showed no resistance to my orders. It seems that this time we The enemy we have to face is definitely not simple, and this matter must be reported immediately."

Shun Li nodded and said: "Yes, this matter must be reported immediately. Let's go. We must tell Elder Wen immediately about this matter. This time the enemy has done such a trick, I am afraid that even if our clan wants to participate in the attack, it will be impossible." It's over." Shu Li knew very well that the illusion had a great influence on the alien clan, and they were afraid that it would be impossible for them to participate in this attack.