c7119 rescue

Yisun Buyu gathered the cavalry team, and this time he was going to bring 10,000 people there, because Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun both said that this time the illusion was a little special, and he had to bring enough people, otherwise it might happen Something went wrong. After gathering the people, Sun Buyu immediately led everyone and teleported directly to the front line. After all, they are the most elite of the cavalry and do not need to go to the front line. But now they want to conduct reconnaissance, so naturally It's time to leave from the front line.

After arriving at the front line, Sun Buyu immediately led everyone to set off. The distance between the Blood Killing Sect and the Shadow Clan's law power was only fifty miles. Sun Buyu and the others rode aliens again. The speed was very fast and they arrived very quickly. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is on the edge. Their aliens have also been upgraded during this upgrade. So although they are still the original aliens, they have also absorbed new genes and have some of the abilities of the Shadow Clan, so They can also clearly see the situation in the power of the Shadow Clan Law. They are here just to be more safe, although he already knows the situation of the previous reconnaissance.

After confirming that there was no danger, Sun Buyu waved his hand again, and then entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws first. The Shadow Clan really had no intention of attacking them here this time, so Sun Buyu and the others went smoothly. Entering within a hundred miles of the power of the Shadow Law, Sun Buyu knew that they were about to enter the illusion, so he immediately said: "Everyone, please pay attention, just a few dozen meters ahead, you will reach the illusion. It’s an illusion, so be careful and if anything goes wrong, exit immediately.”

Everyone in the cavalry team responded, and then followed Sun Buyu forward. Sure enough, after walking only a few dozen meters, they felt a blur of flowers in front of their eyes. The next moment, an extremely beautiful orchard appeared in front of them. In a dark environment, you directly entered such a beautiful place. The visual and spiritual impact is really indescribable. It is like a person who has been killing people on the battlefield. It was like returning to his own home all of a sudden. No one could explain the feeling clearly. In short, their minds fluctuated slightly at that moment.

However, Sun Buyu and the others were all warriors with hearts as solid as rock, so they quickly reacted and began to look around cautiously. However, there was no danger at all in the surroundings. It looked like the birds were singing and the flowers were fragrant. In their ears, What they heard was the quietest and most peaceful sound in nature. What their noses smelled was all the fruity fragrance of flowers, plus the green grass, various flowers, countless fruits, and the The stream that keeps flowing, all of this, shows that this is a world without contention. There are no enemies here, there is no ugliness here, only all the beauty in the world, this is a world. A paradise.

The divine light in Sun Buyu's eyes also slowly disappeared, and his eyes became softer. He walked forward slowly, and the mount he stepped off was also very careful. They walked forward carefully, stepping very lightly, as if they were afraid of trampling the grass under their feet. At the same time, they had to avoid some flowers. They walked carefully, but he didn't seem to notice it. .

At this time, Sun Buyu suddenly heard a voice in his ear: "Buyu, pay attention, attack, don't forget to attack." This voice was like a bolt of lightning, which struck him in the head. Above his head, Sun Buyu shivered smartly, and then his eyes immediately became sharper. He glanced around and found that all the cavalry who followed him were walking forward cautiously, their eyes also turned sharp. It was so peaceful that some people had even taken off their external incarnations and were reaching out to pick the fruits.

As soon as Sun Buyu saw this situation, the sharp look in Ma's eyes couldn't help but become more obvious. He immediately shouted loudly: "Kill!" This thunderous voice was transmitted to all the soldiers through the communication array. In their ears, the cavalrymen all shivered intelligently, and then they all woke up.

Sun Buyu looked around. Although the scenery around them was still so beautiful and made them feel so quiet and peaceful, such a scenery and such an atmosphere made Sun Buyu break into a cold sweat from the bottom of his heart. This At that time, the cavalry around him were all concentrated. Sun Buyu looked around and immediately said loudly: "Attack, no matter what it is, destroy everything."

Upon hearing what Sun Buyu said, the cavalrymen hesitated for the first time, but they were worthy of being people with a heart of stone. They immediately took out their weapons and rushed forward, pointing the weapons in their hands at the They directly attacked the flowers, plants and trees. They have no enemies now, only these flowers, plants and trees. Of course, they want to destroy these things. They really don’t believe it. If they destroy all these things, then their enemies can still Can't hold it back.

Swish, swish, there was a sound of weapons breaking through the wind. Sun Buyu and their weapons all attacked the flowers, plants and trees, but what was strange was that the flowers, plants and trees seemed to become illusory all at once. Their The weapon passed directly through the flowers, plants and trees, but did not touch anything.

This made Sun Buyu and the others stunned. They clearly remembered that there were people picking fruits from the trees before. When Bujia touched those flowers, they were all within reach. How come he was holding a weapon now? Is it out of reach? what 's wrong? This made Sun Buyu and the others a little puzzled.

Sun Buyu's face became a little ugly, and he immediately said loudly: "Attack with energy." After saying that, a burst of red light suddenly appeared on the long knife in his hand, and then he slashed through the flowers like those flowers, but that The blood-red sword light still passed through the flower, and still encountered nothing.

Sun Buyu's expression finally changed. He turned to look at the others and found that the others were all using energy to attack the flowers, plants and trees, but the final result was the same. Nothing was touched. Those flowers and plants The trees were like projections, showing no reaction at all.

When Sun Buyu thought about the previous situation, he couldn't help but feel moved. Then he put away the weapons in his hands and ordered at the same time: "Something is wrong with the situation. Everyone put away their weapons, put away the murderous intention in their hearts, and calm down their emotions." Mood, and then go pick those fruits and flowers. As long as you pick them, they will be stored in the space equipment immediately. We must bring the energy here back."

The people in the cavalry team all nodded. They felt that what Sun Buyu said was reasonable, so they all nodded. Then they all put away their weapons and calmed down their moods. They were fighting on the battlefield like they were. People, in addition to practicing the skills of the Blood Killing Sect, so they can already control their murderous aura, so Sun Buyu asked Da Ai to take away the murderous aura in his body, so that the effect can be shown.

It took a while for everyone to calm down, but just when they calmed down, they were infected by the orchard. They felt how beautiful and peaceful this orchard was, and they really missed it. Really live here.

Sun Buyu all felt this way. The expressions on their faces softened for a while, and there was even a hint of addiction. Wen Wenhai, who had been paying attention to the situation here, saw the expressions of Sun Buyu and the others and immediately said loudly : "No chance, hurry up, complete the mission, and come back soon."

Sun Buyu seemed to have not heard the voice. He had been looking at a flower in front of him. It was an ordinary-looking flower. In this orchard, it was probably the most ordinary flower. , but I don’t know why, when he saw the flower, Sun Buyu thought of his past, and when he first joined the sect to study art, a smile appeared in his eyes involuntarily, that trace of The smile is very charming.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw that it was useless for him to speak out, he immediately turned his attention to Fajing. Fajing nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "It is useless to go through the communication circle directly. I have to We can’t get over it right away. After waking them up, we should withdraw immediately. Everyone must withdraw. The impact there is too great.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, go quickly, we already have their location, you must pay attention." Fa Jing nodded, then looked at Wei Sun Buyu's location, and then stepped on his feet A metal lotus appeared, and then his figure disappeared directly into the room.

The next moment, Fajing had appeared in the orchard. He appeared very suddenly. He appeared using the teleportation array. Then Fajing saw Sun Buyu. Seal, and then said loudly: "Come!" As the voice came out, Sun Buyu and the others' bodies were shaken, as if they were waking up from a beautiful dream, and a very confused look appeared on their faces.

Fa Jing immediately said loudly: "If you don't meet me, get out quickly." After saying that, Fa Jing moved and came to a fruit tree in one step. He stretched out his hand and picked a fruit from the tree. Then with a movement of his body, he came directly to the tree. He disappeared from the orchard. He left in a teleportation. Fa Jing knew very well that he must not stay there for a long time, otherwise it would affect the Taoist mind.

Sun Buyu and the others seemed to have just woken up at this time. He glanced around, with a look of shock on his face, and then he immediately shouted to the communication circle: "Quickly, exit the orchard, see a tree. What, just take one and go, hurry up." Then Sun Buyu turned around and walked straight to the road he came from. At the same time, he reached out to the side and grabbed a handful of flowers casually, without seeing clearly what he was grabbing. What kind of flower is it? Then he turned around and ran away.

The other riders naturally heard Sun Buyu's voice, and they all woke up. They also found that something was wrong with them, so they immediately ran outside the orchard. At the same time, they also grabbed a handful of things and left. They didn't care what they were grabbing. After grabbing something, they immediately rushed out, but the things in their hands had already been received into the space.