c7114 fighting

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also received Bai Yan's order. When they heard this order, all of them were stunned. They really didn't expect that this time the alien clan would be the main attacker, and nothing would happen without them. Wow, this made everyone a little confused. They really didn't know what Zhao Hai was thinking.

But now it's useless for them to think about anything. There are many rooms set up on the front line. Those rooms all have inner spaces, and the inner spaces are not small. I heard that all those rooms have been occupied by the alien clan and The Zerg tribe has taken over and no one else is allowed in. The old men of the Blood Killing Sect almost know what the Alien tribe is doing inside. They must be making more Aliens and Zerg tribes. This is the most terrifying thing about the Alien tribe. They They can attack at any time, but others cannot. This is what the aliens are most afraid of.

But people in the Blood Killing Sect are also puzzled, because they all know that the alien race actually evolves by absorbing the flesh and blood of their enemies. By the way, now in the Blood Killing Sect, people all know a word, gene, blood. The disciples of the Killing Sect all know this term, so they also know that the alien clan actually evolves by absorbing the genes of their enemies, but now they are facing the people of the Shadow Clan, although the power of the Shadow Clan's laws contains snakes. , those snakes look no different from real snakes, but they are not entities. That is to say, there are no genes in their bodies, so they have no way to evolve. If they cannot evolve, they cannot become stronger. They can only go head-to-head with the Shadow Clan. This is really not a good thing for the Alien Clan. Many people will die.

However, when they thought that the Alien Clan could attack at any time, the people of the Blood Killing Sect almost understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai might have taken a fancy to the Alien Clan, and that's why he let them attack, so that the attack would be easy. It was given to the Alien Clan, and the other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would not suffer any casualties.

The alien race and the Zerg race also think so, but they don't feel anything wrong with Zhao Hai's actions. They are the race most loyal to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai's order is their mission, even if they Even if they are being exterminated, they will still finish it, and they are even a little excited.

They know very well that their biggest enemy in the future will most likely be the Shadow Clan, and their alien clan is the least effective when facing the Shadow Clan, so they have not had a good fight for a long time. It's time to take this opportunity to have a good fight and let the people of the Blood Killing Sect know once and for all how terrifying the alien clan is.

In this way, another ten days passed. Although it was only ten days, in these ten days, the Blood Killing Sect suddenly increased one billion aliens and one billion Zerg, and their number was still increasing at two per day. The speed of 100 million is increasing, but they are not ready to wait anymore, they are ready to attack now.

Shun Li directly told Wen Wenhai the attack plan. There was no good strategy for the alien clan's attack. It was just a non-stop attack. Either the enemy died or they died. Anyway, before one party was dead, they They would not stop, and the aliens they created would start attacking at any time, so they were not prepared to wait any longer.

Wen Wenhai also knew the situation of the alien clan, so he didn't say anything more and immediately agreed with Shu Li's attack plan. After Shun Li returned to the room, he immediately called all the elders of the alien bug clan to him. He saw He said to the crowd: "Now the number of our aliens and Zerg combined has exceeded 200,000. I have decided to start the attack. But this time I am not going to let us elders attack. I will let the ordinary aliens and Zerg attack. I think this is what the young master means. If the young master needs us to attack, he will definitely notify us. Now that he has not notified us, he means that ordinary aliens and Zerg will attack. Do you have any objections?"

Cang Ming and the others all nodded, and Cang Ming even said: "Okay, let's attack. We can't wait any longer. Let's take action." Everyone nodded, and they couldn't wait any longer, although they We are not planning to attack, but it is the same when we see ordinary aliens and Zerg attacking. Anyway, it is all about giving face to the alien Zerg.

Shu Li said: "Okay, let's attack." With his order, all the huge rooms of the Alien Zerg on the front line were opened, and groups of people from the Alien Zerg rushed out of the room. He rushed towards the power of Shadow Clan's law.

Wen Wenhai and all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all watched this scene through the projection array. As soon as they saw the alien clan rushing towards the shadow clan's law, everyone's hearts were raised. They really were I wanted to see what the Alien Clan's attack was like this time, and the Blood Killer Sect's projection was directly switched to the front of the Shadow Clan Snake Man's city wall defense line. Fortunately, their two iron ball projectors were still there. There, they could see clearly what was going on there.

Not long after their screen switched to the Shadow Clan's city wall defense line, they saw the alien clan rushing over from a distance. Their speed was very fast, and each alien seemed to be flying on the ground. Rushing forward, about a hundred meters away from the defense line, they pushed their hind legs hard, and the aliens shot straight towards the city wall like black cannonballs.

The insect men on the city wall immediately began to attack, but just when the snake men attacked the alien Kairu, the alien tribe was directly atomized. However, some alien tribes were directly attacked by a huge snake man. Even if they were atomized by the energy cannon, they could not avoid the attack of the energy gun. When the energy gun disappeared, the alien died immediately, and a big hole was pierced through their bodies.

There are still some Gorgons on this city wall. Of course, if Zhao Hai were here, he would definitely call these Gorgons Medusa. Unfortunately, Zhao Hai is not here, so the Blood Killing Sect’s Just call these people Gorgons. There are still some Gorgons on the city wall, but Shu Li already knows how to deal with them, so those aliens all have a mirror image array on their bodies. Pan, if the Blood Killing Sect wants to use it, they can make countless of them at any time, because it is too simple.

It is precisely because of this that almost immediately when they met, the Gorgons all turned into black smoke, and then countless alien clans rushed to the city wall. As soon as they rushed to the city wall, they immediately began to attack the snake people. The snake men also began to fight back with all their strength, and they were fighting in one place again.

The snake balls and giant snakes above the city wall immediately moved out and began to attack the aliens. But at this moment, gaps appeared on the city wall. It was the Zerg tribe that took action. The Zerg will not attack on the ground. They attack the city wall directly from underground.

As soon as the city wall was attacked, there was an immediate reaction. Countless little snakes were harmed and began to attack the Zerg. The entire Shadow Clan defense line disappeared into a mass of killings. Every time the Alien Clan died in battle, but There are also countless snake-men warriors, but only the snake-men die in the battle. Other snake-men will appear soon, and then fight with the alien clan, and both sides will kill them fiercely.

People on both sides of the war did not know what it meant to be afraid, let alone what it meant to retreat. The two sides were engaged in the most brutal battle. At this time, the snake balls in the sky also started to move, and those huge snake balls were seen. , suddenly cracked from the middle, and then countless snake people rushed out of the snake ball.

These snake people are very different from the snake people on the city wall. The snake people on the city wall all have human-like upper bodies and snake-like lower bodies. However, these snake people who rush out from the snake balls have their heads... They look like snakes, with long necks, but their bodies are completely human-like. They all hold a three-pronged fork in their hands, and underneath them, they all ride on a giant Snakes, they turned out to be cavalry.

However, these are not what attract the attention of the people of the Blood Killing Sect the most. What attracts the attention of the people of the Blood Killing Sect most is the enemy heads in the mouths of these snake men's cavalry and what the snake's tongue looks like. Everyone knows that they The front of their tongues is bifurcated, but the tongues of these snake cavalry are different. Their tongues actually look similar to the alien tongues. When they open their mouths, there is actually a line in their mouths. It has teeth and looks like a mouth-like tongue.

But Fang didn't say much. The last one was a fight. The number of the alien clan was about two billion. Now they are attacking again, so the casualties on both sides are huge. And the snake people of the Shadow Clan want to kill them. It is almost impossible to wipe out all the alien clan. Because of this, the killing between the two sides was very brutal from the very beginning.

The Alien Clan will not retreat. They will only attack and keep attacking. The Shadow Clan Snake People will not retreat either. They are also fighting all the time. The battle between the two sides is getting more and more intense. Unknowingly, One day passed, and nearly 300 million of the two billion alien Zerg army were wiped out. However, the next day, another 400 million Zerg aliens immediately entered the battlefield, and the battlefield was still extremely tragic.

Although there are many giant snakes helping the Shadow Clan Snake People fight, the Alien Clan is no joke. Their attacks have always been very powerful. Even if they face those big snakes, they still have a chance to fight. Even countless aliens worked together and killed several big snakes. The alien race is indeed the race that is best at fighting. They are indeed powerful.

And with the addition of the new force of the Alien Clan, the battle became even more fierce. If it weren't for the Snakemen of the Shadow Clan, who would be replenished here, the Shadow Clan's defense line would be broken now, and those of the Alien Clan who died in the battle would be , will also be given the opportunity by the big snakes of the Shadow Clan to be sent into those snake balls. Those snake balls are like a black hole, constantly devouring the alien clan, but they are never satisfied.