c7113 Order

Bai Yan really didn't know much about the alien clan before. Now when he heard Wen Wenhai talk about the upgrade process of the alien clan, he realized that he still knew too little about the Blood Killing Sect. He remembered that there were many people in the Blood Killing Sect. Races, these races are all servant races of Zhao Hai, including orcs, aliens, bugs, undead, ghosts, puppets, and turtles. Even among ordinary disciples, there are Many of them are servants of Zhao Hai, such as Zhu Yong and Ding Chunming. These people are all servants of Zhao Hai.

But Bai Yan didn't know much about Zhao Hai's servant races before. He only knew that the combat effectiveness of the alien clan was pretty good. Many of the mounts in the cavalry were all from the alien clan. The orc cavalry was very strong, and the magic of the nine turtle clan was The art of formation is very strong, and the ghost clan is the most knowledgeable. He has not had much contact with the undead clan. He heard that the combat power is not bad, let alone the puppet clan, but this is all he knows. For these races, he does not know much. Not too in-depth.

Now when he heard about the upgrade process of the Alien Clan, Bai Yan immediately understood the horror of the Alien Clan. In other words, the Alien Clan can continue to be powerful without training, and once the Alien Clan absorbs it, it will become even more powerful. With the genes of living things, they will become stronger, and not only one alien will become stronger, but their entire race will become stronger. No wonder Zhao Hai wants to control the alien clan. If they are allowed to continue to be so powerful, then there will be nothing for others. Way to live.

At the same time, Bai Yan is also very clear about why Wen Wenhai attaches so much importance to this matter. Once the snake people of the Shadow Clan also have this ability, once they also absorb the genes of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then become stronger, Then they will be able to compete with the Blood Killing Sect, which is definitely the most terrifying thing.

Looking at Bai Yan's expression, Wen Wenhai then said in a deep voice: "Now you should know why I attach so much importance to this matter, right? You must be careful. This time, you must pay attention to this situation during the attack, so that all disciples , all be on defense. If you can't fight in close combat, never give those snake people a chance to fight in close combat. Also, you have to pay attention, those snakes can absorb our abilities before, and then turn those energies into their own. If If they have alien abilities, their abilities might mutate, which would be terrible, do you understand what I mean?"

Baiyan nodded and said: "Yes, I understand, don't worry, this time we will try our best to use long-range attacks to solve this matter, and the energy beasts used are all five-element killer energy beasts, so There should be no problem, I will be extra careful."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, just be careful. I have to tell the boss about this matter and let him know about it. We can't wait until something really happens. We are reporting it, so that's it." Trouble, go and get ready, remember, even if it is an injured disciple, it is best to get all his blood back, and you must not give those snakes a chance to upgrade, absolutely not."

Baiyan nodded, his face became serious, and then he said: "Don't worry, I will be careful, and I will use long-range attacks this time. By the way, Elder Wen, do you think we should tell Elder Shuli? Let’s talk about this matter, it is a matter of the alien clan after all, it would be better to talk to him.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "This matter must be told to Shun Li. To make them mentally prepared, you go and make arrangements first. I will report to the sect leader first, and then I will tell Shun Li about this matter immediately. , there is going to be a full-scale attack there, so be careful." Bai Yan responded, then stood up and left.

After Bai Yan left, Wen Wenhai immediately reported the matter to Zhao Hai. Then Wen Wenhai nervously waited for Zhao Hai's reply. He wanted to know how Zhao Hai would handle this matter. After all, in his opinion Come on, this matter is no small matter. If it is not handled well, it will bring huge trouble to the Blood Killing Sect.

Soon Zhao Hai's reply came. When he saw Zhao Hai's reply, Wen Wenhai didn't say anything for a long time. Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai with some confusion, and then took the copy of Zhao Hai's reply. After looking at the contents of the jade slip, he also stayed there. After a while, he said: "Let the alien clan be the main force of the attack? What does this mean, sect master?"

Wen Wenhai was also a little puzzled and said in a deep voice: "I also don't quite understand why the leader would do this. Doesn't it mean sending more aliens to the shadow clan's law? In that way, Wouldn't it make them stronger? What on earth is the leader thinking?"

Chang Jun couldn't figure out a clue, and finally had to say: "Let's talk about this matter to Shun Li and see what kind of reaction Shun Li will have. And no matter what, this matter must be discussed with Shunli." Li said, I have to tell Bai Yan, his attack plan is probably going to change."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he immediately received Shu Li and Bai Yan into the conference room. After they arrived, Wen Wenhai didn't say anything more, and just took out the jade slip from Zhao Hai. They met the two of them, and then said: "I told the boss that the Shadow Clan may be absorbing alien abilities. This is the reply the boss gave me. Please take a look."

After the two of them read the sentence in the jade slip, they were all stunned for a moment. They looked at Wen Wenhai with puzzled eyes and said: "Is this really the reply given by the sect leader? It's impossible, right? Isn't this what the alien clan has to offer? Are you going to die? And isn’t this an opportunity for the Shadow Clan to get to know the alien family better and make them stronger?”

Shu Li didn't speak, but he looked at Wen Wenhai with a puzzled expression. Wen Wenhai looked at the two of them and didn't say anything. He could only shake his head impatiently and said: "I can't help it. This is Since we attacked the snake world, do you think the boss has given us an order? This is the first time the boss has given such an order, so what? Do you dare not listen?" Wen Wenhai said this, Both of them stopped talking. They also knew that since they started to attack the snake world, Zhao Hai had never said anything about the attack. It can be said that this sentence was the first time. This is They have to pay attention to it.

Shun Li thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "The young master's order, then there is nothing more to say. Leave this attack to our alien clan. You can just watch. I will make arrangements now. We aliens This clan has no other ability, it’s just that there are so many people, so we’re leaving.” After saying that, he stood up, clasped his fists at several people, and turned around to leave.

Wen Wenhai looked at Chen Li's back, sighed lightly, then turned to look at him and said, "Although I don't know why the boss did this, it is impossible for you to intervene in this attack. Let Chen Li Let them do it, you can only watch the fun this time."

Baiyan nodded, then turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Then I will go back and inform you. This time you will only watch the show. But what do you think of this attack? Why did the sect leader issue such an order? It's too weird. ." Bai Yan still couldn't figure out why Zhao Hai would issue such an order.

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "We really can't guess what the boss is thinking, but no matter what, the boss has given the order, so we can't say anything. Okay, you can go and inform. " Bai Yan nodded, then bowed to the two of them, then turned and left.

After Bai Yan also left, Wen Wenhai said to Chang Jun: "Old Chang, have you ever figured out why the sect master did this? I'm really curious." Wen Wenhai really couldn't guess Zhao this time. What on earth was Hai thinking about, so he asked this question.

Chang Jun also shook his head and said: "As you just said, we can't really guess what the sect master is thinking, but there must be deep meaning in what the sect master does, so we'll just keep an eye on it." Chang Jun He also couldn't figure it out, and he didn't think about it now. He was just waiting to see what the final result would be.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said nothing. At this time, Shun Li had already returned to his room. He invited all the elders of the alien clan to his room, including of course the Zerg clan. Waiting until everyone After arriving in the room, Chen Li looked at everyone and said, "I just received the order from the young master. The young master said that we should be the main attack team and attack the Shadow Clan with all our strength. What do you think?"

The Alien Clan and Zerg Clan were stunned. They now knew that the Shadow Clan was absorbing their abilities, but now, Zhao Hai let them be the main attacker. Why? Is it to deliver food to the Shadow Clan people? This is not like Zhao Hai's usual approach.

Cang Ming said in a deep voice: "Young Master's order like this must have its reason. Let's not think about anything. Just do it. Now let's go back and start making people. Let us attack. Then we will use all our strength. Attack, don't forget, we are the strongest sword in the young master's hand. We haven't used this sword for a long time. This time we must attack with all our strength, use our momentum, and let the blood kill Everyone in the sect knows that our alien race and the Zerg race are still the most powerful races in the Blood Killing Sect."

As soon as he said these words, everyone's eyes lit up, and Shun Li laughed loudly and said: "That's right, you are right. We must let everyone know that our alien clan is still a blood race." The strongest race in the Killing Sect. Although others now regard us as two races, we must remember that we are actually one race, the alien Zerg race. All along, as long as we attack, it means destruction, but since Against the Shadow Clan, our effectiveness will be infinitely reduced. Now the people in the Blood Killing Clan have forgotten how terrifying our clan is. Now is the time to show our strength. This time we are going to We must build up our majesty and momentum, so that everyone in the Blood Killing Sect will remember us, so that they will not dare to underestimate us even now. Let's take action. When we go back, we will start to create clan members with all our strength. This time we are the ones who shine. It’s time.”