c7116 remind

Zhao Hai's voice came at once: "Okay, fight this battle well. If you fight well, you may be the main force against the Shadow Clan people in the future. Even if you are not the main force, you will definitely be one of the main battle teams." Only." After saying that, there was no sound. From the beginning to the end, Zhao Hai did not appear, but Shu Li and Cang Ming had happy faces.

While arranging to upgrade the Alien Poison Nest, the two told Wen Wenhai and the others about this matter. With such changes, they naturally had to tell Wen Wenhai and the others about this matter, and at the same time, they also wanted to let Wen Wenhai and the others know about Zhao Hai. This means that Wen Wenhai and the others will arrange for the alien clan to participate in more battles.

After Wen Wenhai and the others received the reports from Shu Li and Cang Ming, they all froze there. After a while, Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "Sure enough, I said that it is impossible for us people to guess what the boss is thinking. This may seem like a bad move, but it has caused a qualitative change in the strength of the alien clan. It’s amazing, it’s amazing.”

Chang Jun also had a look of admiration on his face. He nodded and said: "Yes, the upgrade of the Alien Clan this time has almost all the abilities of the Shadow Clan, and their abilities are the most suitable for dealing with the Shadow Clan. But, to be honest, I really didn’t expect it to be like this, the sect master is really unfathomable.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he looked up at the aliens who were still fighting in the projection, and then smiled slightly and said: "In the past, the alien family still had many shortcomings, but now, they have no shortcomings at all. , will only become stronger in the future, and our Blood Killing Sect will also become stronger, which is a good thing for us and the Blood Killing Sect."

Chang Jun also nodded, and then said: "Yes, this is definitely a good thing for us, because our main opponents for a long time in the future will all be the Shadow Clan, unless we can find the source of the Shadow Clan and bring the Shadow Clan to the source." The tribe must be completely eradicated, otherwise our main enemies will be the Shadow Tribe. As for the monks in Wanshan Realm, haha, to be honest, I really don’t take them to heart.”

Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "Yes, I don't care about those monks, even if they blocked the attack of the Shadow Clan. In my opinion, what we want to do to deal with those guys is not good. What’s the problem, they can’t have the strength of our Blood Killing Sect, absolutely impossible, so our main enemies are still the Shadow Clan, and the upgrade of the Alien Clan is really important for us to deal with the Shadow Clan.”

Chang Jun looked at the projection and said with a smile: "Look, the most suitable people to deal with the Shadow Clan in the future must be these aliens. Their strength is there, and this time they evolved completely because of the benefits they got from the Shadow Clan. After the upgrade, the Shadow Clan will be able to do well against them in the future." Wen Wenhai just smiled and didn't say anything. Of course, they would not talk nonsense to others about the upgrade of the Alien Clan. A few people know.

In the following days, the alien clan really upgraded. Their tails could actually shoot out energy tips, and their shields became more powerful. Their attacks did more damage to the snakemen. Although those The snake people are also making progress, but the speed of their progress is not as fast as that of the aliens.

On the fifth day after the Alien Clan began to upgrade, they had begun to learn to group together to fight. The so-called teaming up to fight meant that some members of the Alien Clan were combined together to become a huge alien, or to transform into a monster. It turned into an alien ball, just like those snake people. After seeing the alien family become like this, everyone knew what was going on.

Once the Alien Clan has such abilities, the Snakemen of the Shadow Clan really cannot withstand the attacks of the Alien Clan. Although they have some abilities of the Alien Clan, they are not the real Alien Clan after all. Their combat effectiveness , compared to the natural fighting race, it is still much worse.

After another seven days of fighting, when the alien clan had completely adapted to the combined fighting method, the Snakemen of the Shadow Clan inevitably failed, and the most important reason for their failure was actually very simple. Even those Snakemen of the Shadow Clan have no way to absorb genes from the Alien Clan.

Since the Alien Clan absorbed part of the Shadow Clan's abilities, in addition to allowing themselves to absorb energy, release energy, and learn to combine attacks, they also have another ability, which is to turn into smoke after death. This is also the Shadow Clan's ability. The ability of the Shadow Clan will turn them into black smoke after they die, and the Alien Clan has actually learned this trick. After they die in battle, they will also turn into black smoke, leaving nothing behind. It is precisely because of this , so those Snakemen of the Shadow Clan are unable to absorb genes from the Alien Clan. If they cannot absorb the genes of the Shadow Clan, they will not be able to become stronger. In this way, they naturally cannot be aliens. Opponent, the aliens rely on absorbing genes to upgrade, but the Shadow Clan originally did not, so they have no way to compare with the aliens in this regard.

The battle between the Alien Clan and the Shadow Clan dragged on for a long time, but this was also a process of upgrading the Alien Clan. After this upgrade, the Alien Clan really had a qualitative change, and at the same time, the Blood Killing Sect's Disciples all know how terrifying the alien clan is.

To be honest, the Alien clan has not taken action for a long time. It is precisely because of this that many people have almost forgotten how powerful the Alien clan is. But this time the Alien clan takes action, it is really shocking. I know how scary and powerful the alien clan is, so powerful.

After defeating the Shadow Clan people this time, Wen Wenhai's people retreated for about five thousand miles before stopping. The Blood Killing Sect was not in a hurry to attack. Wen Wenhai invited everyone to the conference room at once. , after everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai said: "This time the Alien Clan did a very good job, wiping out the Shadow Clan in one fell swoop. We all want to applaud the Alien Clan."

Everyone laughed, but still clapped vigorously, which made Shu Li and Cang Ming look happy, but they kept being modest, which made everyone laugh even louder. But everyone laughed in good faith, and no one would be jealous of the two of them.

After a while, everyone stopped. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "The order to let the alien clan be the main attack this time was directly issued by the sect leader. When the sect leader issued this order, I didn't know why the sect leader We have to do this because the enemy obviously wants to use the alien clan to upgrade, but now we understand that the sect master also wants to use the enemy to let the alien clan complete an upgrade. Obviously, the sect leader is completely right to do this."

Everyone nodded, everyone knew about this matter. Later, after discovering that the alien clan had upgraded, they also understood what Zhao Hai meant, which also made them admire Zhao Hai even more. Unexpectedly, in their opinion, , it was a crisis, but in Zhao Hai's hands, it directly turned into an opportunity. Such a method was indeed incomparable to them.

Wen Wenhai continued: "I contacted the boss once before and wanted to ask for his opinion. The boss also said that now the upgrade of our Blood Killing Sect disciples has almost been completed, and what is left is just a skilled It's just speed. In fact, we have done a good job now. If we let the alien clan attack this time, we can still defeat the enemy, and the time it takes may be shorter, so you don't have to worry about anything. , do whatever you have to do, the alien family will become an indispensable part of our Blood Killing Sect’s battle sequence from now on, but we just don’t know what kind of enemies we will encounter next.”

Everyone nodded. To be honest, they were really curious now. They didn't know what kind of enemies they would encounter next. They accepted that they had been fighting here in the snake world for a long time, and they didn't know what kind of enemies they would encounter next. They have encountered all kinds of enemies, and based on the area they are currently fighting, they have now occupied most of the area in the Snake World. In other words, now in the Snake World, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws , already at a disadvantage, they are about to take over the whole snake world.

However, everyone is also very clear that at this time, they have to be more careful, because the closer to the end, the more powerful the enemies they encounter will be. This time, these enemies they encountered can already absorb the alien clan. Their abilities have been used by them, and they really don’t know what the enemies they encounter next will be like.

Chang Jun looked at the crowd and said, "Don't worry too much. No matter what kind of enemy it is, we are sure to deal with it now. Now that our territory is expanding at a time, let's occupy these territories first. Then we’re doing other things, arranging the expansion first, and then we’ll decide how to attack after everything at our base is settled.”

Everyone nodded, Chang Jun then looked at everyone and said: "This upgrade of his alien clan is very important to them, and it is also very important to us to kill them. They have already upgraded this time." The strength of some Shadow Clan means that they already fully understand the shortcomings of the Shadow Clan. It will be easier for them to deal with the Shadow Clan than us, so they may become the main force against the Shadow Clan in the future. Everyone Don’t think too much, do you understand?”

After hearing what Chang Jun said, everyone understood what Chang Jun's eyes were so anxious to give them. This was to remind them not to have any thoughts about changing the main battle force to the alien clan. Everyone I feel that they have thought too much. The Alien Clan is also a disciple of their Blood Killing Sect, and they have always made a lot of contributions to the sect. Now they are the ace of the cavalry team, one of the Blood Killing Sect’s most powerful combatants. The cavalry and mounts were all members of the alien clan. What else could they have to be angry about, so everyone did not react much and just responded. Their reactions made Shu Li and Cang Ming completely relieved. No matter what, He said that no one in the sect was angry with them or deliberately alienated them because of this incident. They were already very happy.