c7110 Gorgon

When Cang Ming left, Wen Wenhai turned to Chang Jun and said: "It seems that we are really in trouble this time. We must be careful. There is no way to conduct reconnaissance, so we can only force it." This time Wen Wenhai I really had a headache. I didn't expect that three consecutive reconnaissances had no results, and they also lost 20,000 aliens and 10,000 Zerg. Such losses were not small.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Now it seems that this can only be the case. I think this is it. After we have laid out the magic arrays in the base, we will gather everyone together and we will discuss it together. What do you think?" ?" Chang Jun had no other solution, so we could only discuss it together.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "That's the only way it can be. You should go and do your work first. When the magic circle is laid out, we will have a meeting and discuss it carefully." Chang Jun nodded, stood up and turned around. After leaving, now they really have no choice but to do this.

After all the magic formations in the Blood Killing Sect base were laid out, Wen Wenhai immediately called everyone to the conference room. After everyone sat down, Wen Wenhai told Shu Li and Cang Ming that their reconnaissance had failed. After catching them, he looked at everyone and said: "Although Elder Shun Li and Elder Cang Ming didn't find anything during their reconnaissance, this is also the biggest discovery, because it means that the enemy must be very powerful, so we must be careful. Okay, everyone, tell me, is there any other way for us to enter the power of Shadow Clan's laws and conduct a reconnaissance?"

Everyone was silent for a while. Neither the Alien clan nor the Zerg clan had successfully conducted reconnaissance. They were conducting reconnaissance, so there would be no good results. So everyone fell silent. After a while, they rolled their eyes and spoke first: "Elder Wen, I don’t think we need to do reconnaissance and attack directly. However, our army should not enter the shadow clan’s law power first. We can release a lot of energy beasts now. Let’s attack directly with energy beasts and then see. What do you think is the reaction to ShadowClan's power of law?"

When everyone heard what he said, they all nodded. This is a way to directly attack with energy beasts and see what kind of reaction the enemy will have. From the enemy's reaction, you can probably judge that the enemy uses What kind of attack method is this? This method is definitely feasible.

Zhu Yong said: "The enemy only took action after the aliens and the Zerg discovered the city wall. That means that it may still be safe at Baili. The reason why we didn't see clearly what the city wall looked like was that the enemy was It's because in the Shadow Clan's law, the visibility is too low and we can't see anything clearly. I think we can let the Alien Clan cooperate with the energy beasts to conduct a reconnaissance, launch the energy beasts, and attack the city wall. , the Alien Clan followed them, and asked the Alien Clan to wear a photo-taking array on their bodies. The energy beasts have light on their bodies, so the visibility can be improved. Maybe the photo-taking array can record the things on the city wall. situation."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhu Yong said, his eyes couldn't help but light up. He felt that it was really appropriate to discuss it with everyone. If he hadn't discussed it with everyone, he would have thought of these ideas, so he nodded immediately. Said: "This method is good, I think it is feasible, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded, they also felt that this idea was a good one, and Shun Li and Cang Ming would not object. Although they were aliens and Zerg, in their eyes, the aliens and Zerg they had just created were They were not their clansmen, they were just war machines, and sacrifices were sacrifices. It was no big deal, so they didn't have any unpleasant reactions.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "Then let's not launch a large-scale attack first. Let's send out fifty blood-killing battle forts first, drive to the edge of the power of the Shadow Clan's Law, and then use energy beasts to attack. , you prepare the alien clan and the photo array, it’s up to you whether you can see clearly what the enemy looks like.”

Shun Li nodded and said, "Yes, leave it to me. I'll go get ready now." After saying that, he was about to walk out, but was stopped by Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai looked at him and said with a smile: "Don't worry, it's not too late to prepare later. Although these reconnaissances have been disappointing, we do know one thing, that is, the enemy has a wall this time, so we must also do a good job The preparations in this area and the previous battle formations are almost complete now, and we can start the first actual battle, Baiyan, is there no problem?"

Bai Yan said solemnly: "No problem, don't worry. We Blood Killing Sect disciples have always received military training, so they are very familiar with the changes in this battle formation. They only need to train a little." There is no problem now, don’t worry.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, let's take action." Several people responded and immediately went to prepare. Although Wen Wenhai was still a little worried about this attack, he also knew that this time An attack is necessary. They will have no way to fight the enemy without clarifying the enemy's true and false situation.

After everyone was ready, Wen Wenhai immediately gave the order to take action. With white eyes, he directed the Shadow Clan’s blood-killing battle fort and rushed towards the shadow clan’s power of law. However, those blood-killing battle forts only reached the power of the law. The force stopped at the edge, and then began to launch energy beasts.

One after another, energy beasts were launched directly from the Blood Killing Battle Castle. At the same time, on the ground, one after another aliens also rushed into the power of Shadow Clan's law. The energy beasts launched this time It's so much that it can be described as overwhelming, so the black mist in the Shadow Clan's power of law seems to have been dispelled a lot at once. The imaging circle carried by the alien can also record things further away. .

However, the Alien Clan has no choice but to directly transmit what they recorded back to the Blood Killing Sect's projection array, because the power of the Shadow Clan's laws still has a great impact on the transmission of this energy. , the Blood Killing Clan's Blood Killing Battle Castle enters the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and communications will be affected, let alone a shadow formation.

The distance of a hundred miles is not very fast for those energy beasts. Soon they crossed the distance of a hundred miles and appeared directly at the city wall, and the alien also reached the distance of a hundred miles at the same time. At this time they could finally see the city wall.

It was a tall city wall with a height of about twenty feet. The thickness of the city wall was also very thick. There was a layer of black air on the city wall. The most important thing was that the city wall seemed to be moving all the time, like It looked like a giant snake was lying there, and this giant snake seemed to be swimming constantly, not standing still.

On the city wall, there are some snake people standing, but this time there are two types of snake people standing on the city snake. They are not just the snake people with snake tails that we saw before. In addition to those with snake tails, In addition to the snake people, there are also some snake people, but they look very strange. Their bodies look like women, they are also very beautiful, their bodies are also very graceful, their skin is very white, Her face is very beautiful, it is a very amazing beauty, with a kind of purity and a sacred feeling. Anyone who sees her will have the urge to possess her.

But such a beautiful woman has snake-like hair on her head, really snake-like hair. Their hair is all made of thin snakes, and these thin snakes are still going on. It was twisting and turning, and snake letters would spit out from the snake's mouth from time to time.

Such a head of hair can scare countless people. Even if he is beautiful, having such a head of hair will make her look unattractive. But what is strange is that her eyes It was always closed. Although her eyes were closed, it did not affect their actions at all.

There are not many of these women. There are snake beauties like this every 100 meters or so, but there are other warriors with spears and snakes on their lower bodies standing every 5 meters or so. On the entire city wall, they were the only ones defending there.

On the top of the city wall, there were countless giant snakes and some snake balls. These snake balls were still so huge, and the bodies of those giant snakes were also so long. They stopped quietly on the top of the city wall, and While guarding the city wall, at this time, those energy beasts had already rushed to the city wall and launched an attack on the city wall.

Just when the energy beasts launched an attack on the city wall, the snake-haired beauties on the city wall all opened their eyes and looked at the energy beasts, and all the energy beasts seen by their eyes seemed to be affected. As if they had suffered huge injuries, their movements began to slow down, and their bodies continued to shrink.

Those aliens listened very carefully to Shu Li's words and did not enter the battlefield. They had stopped about a hundred miles away from the battlefield. When the energy beasts launched an attack on the city wall, they just stood aside and watched. He stood with no intention of coming forward.

Although the bodies of those energy beasts are shrinking, their original bodies were too big. Even if they shrink now, they will not completely lose their combat effectiveness for a while. At this time, those on the city wall holding spears The snake men took action. With one stab of their spears, huge energy spears came out from their spears and stabbed directly on the energy beasts. Those energy beasts all heard a roar of unwillingness. , disappeared directly between heaven and earth.

At this time, those aliens seemed to sense danger, and their senses were still very keen. Some aliens standing in the front row turned around and ran away, but when they turned around, their bodies slowly turned into... What looked like stone statues stood there motionless.

The aliens in the back row also noticed this, and they turned around and ran away. Although there were still aliens that kept turning into stone statues, there were still many aliens that escaped, and these aliens all had traces on them. As long as they bring the photo array back to the Blood Killing Sect safely, they will have completed their mission.