c7122 Linger

The cute little snake looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "Yes, this is the paradise. Here you can get all the happiness in the world. Here you can eat the most delicious fruits in the world. Even if you only need If you stay here, you can get immortality. What a good thing this is, don't you think about it? Isn't it just for the sake of immortality that monks practice? You can get immortality here, and no one will attack you here. You, no one will hurt you, it can even be said that you are a god here."

Zhao Hai looked at the cute little snake, with a look of obsession on his face, and murmured: "Immortality, you can live forever here, I like it here, it's really great here, I like to be a god, I want to be a god, can you tell me how I can become a god?"

The little snake looked at Zhao Hai, a glimmer of light flashed in his eyes, and then he said: "Okay, actually here, if you want to become a god, it is very simple, as long as you eat some fruits That’s fine, but when eating these fruits, you have to follow a certain order, and this kind of fruit should be eaten first.”

While talking about the little snake, he pointed to a kind of fruit on the side. Zhao Hai looked at this kind of fruit. This kind of fruit looked very special. He was hanging there like a little snake, a coiled one. A small snake, and the snake plate is the pedicle of the fruit. Zhao Hai really didn't notice this kind of fruit just now. Now he was really shocked when he saw the appearance of this kind of fruit. Then he looked at it with some vigilance. That little snake.

The little snake looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "This kind of fruit is very delicious. Not only does it taste very good, but this kind of fruit will also greatly increase your cultivation. I really don't want to tell you. As long as you eat these fruits and become the god of this orchard, then I will be your subordinate, how dare I lie to you?"

Zhao Hai still looked at the little snake warily and said: "Why do you have to let me become the god of this orchard? If I become the god of this orchard, you will become my subordinate. Do you like it so much? Are you going to be someone else's subordinate? If I were you, I wouldn't want someone to look after me."

When the little snake heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately smiled and said: "I let you become the god of this orchard, both for you and for me. I am the spirit of this orchard. If I let you become the god of this orchard, If this orchard is the god of an orchard, then this orchard will exist forever. If this orchard remains ownerless, slowly, he will disappear. If the orchard disappears, then I will disappear, so I must find an owner for this orchard."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then he nodded, then he looked around and said in a deep voice: "How big is this orchard? If I become the god of this orchard, wouldn't it be the same as being trapped in this orchard? Are you in? Does that mean that I have to stay here forever? "

The little snake shook his head and said: "No, as long as you become the god of this orchard, you can take this orchard with you. You can go wherever you want, and you can also control this orchard. Planting, as long as the orchard expands, your strength will become stronger, and you are immortal. In this orchard, you are still invincible. As long as you keep planting, the entire interface will be yours, even If you go to other interfaces to plant, then the other interfaces will also be yours, and you will become the king of kings and the god of gods."

Zhao Hai once again had an expression of obsession on his face. He looked at the little snake and said, "Can I really become the God of All Gods?" When he said this, the vigilance in his tone had completely disappeared. Gone. On the contrary, there was a hint of longing in his tone. It was obvious that this was what he was thinking.

The little snake looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "Yes, as long as you get this orchard, you will definitely become the king of kings and the god of gods. Come on, eat this fruit, and his It tastes very good, eat it, eat it, and you can become the king of kings and the god of gods." Her voice was a little strange, as if she was speaking at a special frequency. , the voice is full of confusion.

Zhao Hai seemed to be lost. He murmured: "The King of Kings, the God of Gods, I want to become the King of Kings, the God of Gods." As he spoke, he reached out and took off the statue. The fruit looks like a small snake. Although this fruit looks very scary, it is not very big. It is only half the size of the palm of your hand. He ate it in two or three bites.

The taste of this fruit is really good, very sweet, and the texture is also very good. It is sweet and crispy in the mouth, and it is very moist. One bite will make you feel sleepy. It felt like he couldn't eat it anymore, so Zhao Haicai ate all the fruit in one go.

After eating the fruit, Zhao Hai seemed to have regained consciousness. He was stunned for a moment, glanced at the fruit, and then at the little snake. The little snake had a pair of big eyes open and was looking at him. There was a sincere expression in those eyes, making it impossible to see any hostility.

Zhao Hai tried to travel far away for a while and found that his spiritual energy seemed to have increased. This made Zhao Hai very happy. He looked at the little snake and said: "I want to thank you. By the way, you don't know you yet." What's your name?" He seemed to have completely let down his guard against the little snake.

The little snake also looked very happy. He smiled and said: "My name is Ling'er. Because I am the spirit in this orchard, my name is Ling'er. Do you like my name? If you don't like it, you can give it to me." I will change my name, but as long as you eat a few fruits, you will be the owner of the orchard and Ling'er's owner, so you can change my name."

Zhao Hai smiled and reached out to touch the little snake Ling'er's head, and then said: "I won't change it. There is no need to change it. Just call it Ling'er. Ling'er sounds very nice. I also like this name very much." The little snake feels very comfortable to touch, soft, warm, and has a bit of fruity fragrance.

Ling'er also seemed to like Zhao Hai's touch very much, so she even moved her body closer to Zhao Hai's body, as if she was acting coquettishly, and she also made some sounds like those made by a kitten when she was very comfortable. The purring sound, although this sound appeared on the body of a small snake, was very strange, but at this time, it seemed very reasonable.

Zhao Hai laughed loudly, and then he said in a deep voice: "Ling'er, how many fruits do I have to eat before I can become the owner of this orchard? Come on, let me become the owner of this orchard as soon as possible. "He really couldn't wait, so he asked Ling'er directly.

When Ling'er heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "After eating five fruits, you can become the owner of the orchard. Come with me." After saying that, he flew forward, but he was When his back was turned to Zhao Hai, his eyes revealed a cold light, but the cold light was quickly tolerated.

Zhao Hai followed Ling'er with a happy face, and soon arrived at another fruit tree. The fruits on this fruit tree were red and looked like strawberries, although strawberries should not grow on trees. , but no one said, this is strawberry, Ling'er turned to Zhao Hai and said: "This is the second fruit, eat it."

Without any hesitation, Zhao Hai picked a fruit and ate it. The fruit melted in the mouth and tasted very similar to strawberry, but it tasted better. After Zhao Hai ate it, he showed a very satisfied look. Then he turned to look at Ling'er and said, "Where's the next one, Ling'er, what's the next one?"

Ling'er flew forward again, and soon arrived at another fruit tree. On these fruit trees, there were some very small fruits growing. These fruits looked a bit like grapes, in bunches, but they were smaller than grapes. There was no need for Ling'er to say this time. Zhao Hai picked a bunch directly and ate it. The fruit tasted very good and sweet. This was already the third type of fruit.

Then Ling'er took Zhao Hai to the fourth fruit. This time the fruit looked a bit bigger. It was a fruit like a snow pear. Zhao Hai picked another one and ate it. The fruit tasted very good. Very good, looks like Sydney pear, tastes like it, and tastes sweeter.

Zhao Hai liked this kind of fruit better. After asking Ling'er, he ate two more. Then he followed Ling'er to another fruit tree. The fruits on this fruit tree looked like But it is like a banana, and it is ripe and exudes a very sweet smell.

Zhao Hai was not polite, he just picked two of the fruits and ate them all. The taste was really good, and it was also Zhao Hai's favorite taste. Zhao Hai was very satisfied, and the little snake's face was, But he still had a smile on his face, as if he was happy for Zhao Hai.

Soon Ling'er led Zhao Hai to a very tall tree. On this tree, there were huge apple-like fruits. From a distance, you could smell the unique sweetness of the fruits. Much sweeter than other fruits, Zhao Hai's eyes lit up when he saw this kind of fruit.

Ling'er looked at Zhao Hai with a smile still on his face. His eyes had turned into crescent moon shapes, and then he said: "This is the last kind of fruit. This kind of fruit is called the good and evil fruit. Eat it." After eating this fruit, you can distinguish all the good and evil in the world. You can tell at a glance whether a person is kind or hostile to you. This is also a necessary condition for becoming an orchard. As long as you eat this fruit , you can become the true master of the orchard. When the time comes, you will have no enemies in this orchard. As long as you work hard to plant in the future, you will become the king of kings and the god of gods. Eat Come on, this is the last step." Ling'er's tone changed again and became more bewitching, but this time Zhao Hai didn't seem to react at all, he didn't seem to have any doubts at all.

Then Zhao Haihai went forward and picked the fruit. Then he looked at the fruit and said, "I want to be the king of kings, the god of gods, I want to live forever, and I want to be invincible." While putting the fruit into his mouth, Ling'er watched Zhao Hai's movements with bright eyes, waiting for Zhao Hai to put the fruit into his mouth...