c7127 Weak water

Zhao Hai looked at Bai Suzhen's panic and couldn't help but smile slightly: "You are right, you are not poisoned, but the water here is weak, and every drop weighs ten thousand kilograms, so here, you are not poisoned, just because This water is too heavy, I really want to see if you can still use your water ability in this water."

When Bai Suzhen heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help being stunned. Then she couldn't help but snorted coldly and said: "So that's it, but what's the point? This water itself was made by me. Am I still afraid of you?" , come on." After saying that, she waved her swords, and then shouted: "Waterspout." Following his voice, a huge whirlpool suddenly appeared in the water, and then a water dragon unexpectedly appeared here. In the whirlpool, they rushed towards Zhao Hai at the same time.

Zhao Hai looked at the water dragon that rushed towards him, but he smiled slightly, swung his knife casually, and scattered the water dragon. Then he looked at Bai Suzhen and said: "I forgot to tell you, here, I will not be affected by anything, and I can also borrow the power in the water to deal with you. You can also try my water dragon move." As he said this, Zhao Hai slashed forward with his sword.

As he slashed out, a water dragon flew out from his dragon and rushed towards Bai Suzhen. When he was about two feet away from Bai Suzhen, the water dragon opened its mouth fiercely. , and bit into Bai Suzhen. Although the water dragon was the same color as the surrounding water, Bai Suzhen seemed to be able to see that the teeth in the water dragon's mouth shone with the cold light of the forest.

Bai Suzhen looked at the water dragon, but she was not afraid at all. She just stood there with a calm face, looking at the water dragon. Just when the water dragon was about to bite Bai Suzhen, and Bai Suzhen was about to make a move, she The green snake next to him suddenly thrust his head out and bit the water dragon in one bite. Although the water dragon was not small, it was still much inferior to the green snake, so it was immediately caught. The green dragon bit into countless water droplets, which merged directly into the water and disappeared. Bai Suzhen also stopped at this time. She turned her head and glanced at the green snake. The wound on the green snake's mouth was... I don't know when it was completely healed, leaving only a scar.

Zhao Hai never thought that the water dragon would see the power, so he had no idea about the water dragon being defeated. He just looked at Bai Suzhen, then at the green snake, and smiled and said: "It's really interesting, Bai Suzhen, you Don't you want to show your true body yet? If you don't show your true body, you won't be my opponent. If you don't show your true body anymore, then I will be rude." Zhao Hai is very clear that Bai Suzhen has another trick which is to reveal his true body. After revealing his true body, he will be even more powerful. The reason why Zhao Hai has not used all his strength is to prevent Bai Suzhen from suddenly showing his true body.

Bai Suzhen looked at Zhao Hai, her eyes gleaming with cold light, and after a while she said in a deep voice: "Do you really want to see me show my true body? Okay, then I will show my true body to you." After that, She threw the two long swords into the water, and the next moment her figure moved, suddenly turning into a huge white snake nearly two hundred feet long. On top of the white snake, there was a pair of faint horns. , it looks like it is about to turn into a dragon.

However, although this white snake is very huge, it can be seen that the lines on her body are still very delicate. Although it is very huge, the first impression it gives people is not that it is powerful, but a kind of The feeling of beauty, this huge contrast, really makes people don’t know what to say.

Zhao Hai looked at these two huge snakes and couldn't help but laugh up at the sky and said: "Hahahaha, your true form has finally appeared. Let me see today how strong your true form is. Let's see how you move." After Zhao Hai moved, he swung out the long knife in his hand. Just as he swung the knife, a huge water knife slashed at the two snakes without a step.

But the two snakes seemed to be no longer affected by the weak water. Their bodies twisted, and surprisingly, they let the water knife that Zhao Hai slashed over, and then moved towards Zhao Hai one to the left and the other to the right. The sea came over. Although their bodies are very huge, they are also very flexible, and their bodies are even more meandering, making you wonder which direction she is going to attack from.

Zhao Hai looked at the two snakes and smiled slightly. Then he raised the long knife in his hand. The next moment, his whole body was surrounded by a river of blood, but the water around him was still weak. Still so heavy. Zhao Hai knew very well that the two snakes were not immune to the influence of Weak Water, but they had become stronger after revealing their true forms and could minimize the influence of Weak Water.

But if he really removes the weak water, it will really have no impact on these two snakes, and the white snake transformed by Bai Suzhen can still control the water here. By that time, here The water is no longer his helper, but Bai Suzhen's helper, which is not what he wants.

The moment Zhao Hai was surrounded by the blood river, he saw two water dragons rushing towards the blood river. With a bang, the two water dragons almost hit the blood river in no particular order. Then a loud noise was heard, and the two water dragons disappeared, but the blood river was still flowing quietly.

The next moment, the blood river rolled straight towards the green snake. A circle of water shield immediately appeared around the green snake's body, and at the same time, several water dragons rushed straight towards the blood river, and the green snake The snake also had a big mouth and rushed towards the blood river. At this time, White Snake also opened its mouth and rushed towards the Blood River, and a water dragon also hit the Blood River.

Boom, boom, there were two loud noises, and the two water dragons disappeared. Then the green snake bit the blood river, and a loud bang was heard. The green snake was knocked upside down by the blood river, and at the same time White Snake also bumped into the blood river, and heard a bang. The blood river finally slowly disappeared, revealing Zhao Hai inside.

But the next moment, Zhao Hai showed a very cunning smile. Then he turned the long knife in his hand, and then shot a transparent water arrow straight at the white snake. This water arrow looked very ordinary. , it was just a water arrow that was not very long, but White Snake felt the huge danger, and her body swayed and moved aside.

However, due to the influence of the weak water, her body did not completely get out of the way, because the arrow came so happily, and before he could react, the long arrow had already nailed the white snake's body. , but fortunately, the white snake gave way, and the arrow only hit the white snake's skin and did not hurt his vitals.

The white snake's snake scales have very good defensive power, but when faced with this water arrow, it seemed to be a layer of paper. It was broken by the arrow at once, and then another arrow hit the white snake's in the body. White Snake was in pain and rolled his body crazily, causing all the water around him to ripple. The water surface was choppy, and there were undercurrents under the water. It was naturally impossible for Zhao Hai to attack in this situation. He immediately stepped aside and then went straight to kill the green snake.

Green Snake was still a little dizzy at this time. Zhao Hai's knife just hit her head-on. Although it didn't completely cut her mouth like it was in her mouth, this knife The power he brought out knocked him almost to the point of fainting.

Just when the green snake woke up, he saw Zhao Hai's knife appearing in front of him silently. The green snake was shocked. It was impossible for her to hide. Aroused her ferocity, she didn't care about Zhao Hai's knife, opened her big mouth, and bit her straight at Zhao Hai. At the same time, her tail also used the power of the water flow to flick it straight towards Zhao Hai. He came over and took a two-pronged approach, vowing to fight Zhao Hai even if he was hurt.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he didn't react much. Instead, he smiled slightly, and then he slashed out with his sword. As he slashed out, he heard bursts of noise coming from all around. The sound of music is so gentle that once you hear it, you can't help but feel relaxed.

Originally, Green Snake might not have noticed the sound of music, but for some reason, the sound of music just went straight into her head and quickly rushed into her head, making her relax a lot. , even the speed of the attack slowed down. At this moment, several very sharp sounds suddenly came out. The sounds were very loud, as if you were enjoying an elegant and gentle piece of music. There were several extremely loud noises, which made people very uncomfortable. The sound penetrated directly into the green snake's head. The green snake felt that her head suddenly became extremely painful. She screamed wildly, but then there was a burst of pain. The water-absorbing arrow shot straight over. At this time, the green snake didn't notice the water arrow at all. Her head hurt too much, so the water arrow shot directly into the green snake's head, from the green dragon's lower jaw, and from It ejaculated from the top of her head and then disappeared.

The divine light in Green Snake's eyes completely disappeared, and her body slowly fell back. At the same time, black smoke slowly began to appear on her body. Finally, she seemed to be surrounded by black smoke. After a while, the black smoke disappeared and the green snake disappeared. This process may sound long, but in fact it only takes a moment.

"Xiao Qing!" A sweet cry came, and then the white snake was seen rushing towards Zhao Hai and the others. At the same time, water dragons shot straight towards Zhao Hai. These water dragons came very fast, and It was so huge that Zhao Hai could only use Blood Killing Sword Intention once. A river of blood appeared again and again, protecting him in it and blocking the water dragon's attacks again and again.

At this time, the white snake had already arrived at the place where the green snake disappeared. She hovered there for a long time, but found nothing. A cry like a cuckoo dripping blood came from the white snake's mouth. The sound was incomparable. Sadness makes people feel sad when they hear it, and there are tears flowing out of White Snake's eyes. Her originally cold and ruthless eyes reveal endless sadness, which makes people heartbroken just by looking at it.