c7128 low

Zhao Hai had already eliminated the water dragons at this time, but he did not take this opportunity to attack White Snake. He just stood aside and looked at White Snake quietly. After a while, White Snake recovered, and she turned to look Looking at Zhao Hai, her eyes showed a hint of murderous intent, and at the same time there was a hint of death intention. It was obvious that she didn't want to live, but she still wanted to kill Zhao Hai before she died to avenge the Green Snake.

Zhao Hai looked at the white snake and couldn't help but sigh in his heart. He now believed that the white snake was probably the same as Gongsun Auntie in the past. They had their own independent thoughts, but they were always controlled by others. Look, for such a person, you can say that he is a person, or you can say that she is not a person. Obviously, White Snake can have such rich emotions because she has regarded herself as a person and regarded herself as a person. Bai Suzhen.

Zhao Hai looked at Bai Suzhen and said in a deep voice: "You shouldn't have appeared in this world. Everything here is just illusion. Your people are illusions, and everything you do is illusions." Yes, so let me finish you off. If you continue to live like this, there may only be pain for you."

"But my feelings are true. She is my sister. I have always been together. She is my only relative, so I want to avenge her, or you kill me. Come on." After saying this, White Snake She rushed straight towards Zhao Hai. Just as she rushed over, her body was suddenly covered with a layer of white water dragon. It was like a snake, suddenly covered with a layer of dragon's coat, or The transparent coat looks very weird.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but sigh. Then he moved his hand, and a river of blood appeared around him. Then the blood river hit the white snake, but the white dragon didn't feel it at all. He didn't care, and he ran straight into the river of blood. It was a desperate fighting style.

But at this moment, a huge mountain of corpses suddenly fell from the sky and hit the white snake. A bang was heard, and the water dragon shield on the white snake was shattered. The white snake also made a sound. Hissing miserably, she opened her mouth and spit out a mouthful of blood. It was obvious that she was seriously injured this time.

And at this moment, an arrow light appeared in front of her eyes. She didn't even have a chance to hide. The water arrow shot into her eyes and escaped from the back of her head. Then the arrow light disappeared, and A transparent hole was left on Baiyan's head, and White Snake fell down softly. Black smoke began to emit from her body, but the speed at which the black smoke came out was not very fast. .

White Snake's vitality is very tenacious, and she is still alive. She looked at Zhao Hai with one single eye. In that eye, there was no hatred, only a glimmer of peace. Then she said: "You said Yes, maybe I really shouldn't appear here. Everything here is fake and illusory. Everything is just a game set by others, and I am just a puppet in the game. .”

"No, you're right. Your feelings are real. Who can tell clearly between illusion and reality? In reality, without feelings, you are nothing more than a walking corpse, not even a human being. , and the illusory you has feelings and independent thoughts, then you are alone. It's a pity that we are enemies. Otherwise, maybe we will become friends, really." Zhao Hai looked at White Snake, There was also a look of sadness on his face.

When Bai Snake heard what Zhao Hai said, her eyes flashed, and then she whispered: "I can hear you say that, that's enough, really, it's enough." After saying that, she closed the remaining One eye stopped breathing, but there was a hint of a smile on the corner of her mouth, and the black smoke on her body grew more and more, and finally disappeared completely.

The black smoke disappeared, and the surrounding water naturally disappeared completely. Zhao Hai gently fell to the ground. Looking at the power of the Shadow Clan's law that was rapidly retreating, he sighed softly. The next moment he moved, He returned to the Blood Killing Sect's base and disappeared without even meeting Wen Wenhai and the others.

Wen Wenhai and the others watched the battle between Zhao Hai and the two snakes, one green and one white, from beginning to end, until the last two snakes disappeared. Only then did Wen Wenhai and the others heave a sigh of relief. The strength of these two snakes was really very powerful. Not to mention anything else, seeing that they can support Zhao Hai for such a long time is enough to see how strong they are, but fortunately, now that everything has been resolved, they can naturally do the next step. thing.

Although Wen Wenhai and the others did not hear what Zhao Hai said to the white snake in the end, Wen Wenhai could also see that Zhao Hai was not in a very high mood. Now that he saw that Zhao Hai did not appear, he did not bother Zhao Hai. Hai, but immediately began to organize people to expand.

At this time, Zhao Hai returned to the space. Laura and the others also saw Zhao Hai coming back, and they immediately greeted him. They were different from Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai and the others did not know what Zhao Hai said before. , but they heard it, so they also knew the reason why Zhao Hai was in a bad mood.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Hai, there is nothing we can do about this. After all, as you said, they should not have appeared in this world. The result now, for them, may be It’s a good thing, at least they don’t have to live a life of being manipulated anymore.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I just feel a little uncomfortable. Do you think those aliens who are treated as cannon fodder by us also think like Bai Suzhen and others? They also have their own independent thoughts, but In the end, he was still used as cannon fodder by us. Isn’t this a bit excessive?”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Brother Hai, this is inevitable. Those aliens have some ideas of their own, but they really are not people with independent thinking. They can only be regarded as Monsters, so don’t think so much. If they don’t do it, someone else will do it, and it’s just as dangerous. We are such a big force, how can we go through so many battles without anyone dying? ? That’s impossible, so you don’t have to think about it anymore, don’t Shun Li and the others have any opinions?”

Zhao Hai thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "I called Shu Li and Cang Ming over. I have something to ask them. If they don't like this, then forget it. We have so many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and there are no If necessary, the alien race must be used as cannon fodder. They are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. While enjoying the benefits of the Blood Killing Sect, they must also be prepared to make sacrifices at any time for all this."

Laura nodded. Laura knew very well that although Zhao Hai had many trusted people in the Blood Killing Sect, there were not many people who he could truly trust completely. The Alien Clan and the Undead Clan were definitely Zhao Hai. The two races that Hai trusts the most, he is also the best to these two races, and has been thinking of ways to help them upgrade, so naturally he does not want anything to happen to these two races.

So it is quite normal for Zhao Hai to have such thoughts. There is no need to sacrifice the race he trusts most all the time. If they are really dissatisfied for this, wouldn't it be worth the loss? Just like Zhao Hai said Yes, other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cannot always enjoy the benefits of the Blood Killing Sect without paying a price for it. That is impossible.

Laura quickly informed Shu Li and Cang Ming, and they arrived at the villa quickly. They were also among the few people in the Blood Killing Sect who could come to the villa. After all, the villa was Zhao Hai's real home. Wen Wenhai and the others are not qualified to come here, and Zhao Hai doesn't want others to know about this place.

After Shu Li and Cang Ming saluted Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai waved his hand and asked them to sit down. Then he looked at them and said, "I'm calling you here this time because I want to ask you something, about aliens." For this clan's actions this time, the Alien clan has been acting as scouts for this period of time. You should also know that these scouts are the most dangerous, and the Alien clan's losses are also very huge. I just want to ask you, you Do you have any objections to letting the aliens serve as scouts? If so, you can stop using the aliens as scouts. You can let them directly join the Blood Killing Sect and become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and let other disciples take turns to be the disciples. Scout.”

When Shun Li and Cang Ming heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help being stunned, but then their expressions changed drastically. Shun Li immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Master, why don't you let us be scouts? But what did we do wrong? ? Did it make you dissatisfied? If so, please tell me immediately and I will make corrections as soon as possible." Cang Ming also nodded vigorously, with a look of panic on his face.

When he saw the expressions of the two of them, Zhao Hai couldn't help being stunned, but then he shook his head and said: "No, I am very satisfied with your performance, but I just feel that this way, you aliens will always do the most dangerous things. Task, this is really unfair to you, that’s why I ask you.”

"No, no." After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Cang Ming immediately said: "Young Master, our alien clan is the sharpest sword in your hand. We, the alien clan, also like to fight. Fighting is very important to us. That's the most important thing. If you don't let us fight, it will be bad and we won't like it. Master, don't worry. After all, those aliens that were just created have their minds Apart from the desire to fight, there is nothing else. Leaving them behind would be a very troublesome thing, so it would be better to let them live as they are now. When they open their spiritual wisdom, in It’s not too late to let them become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.”

Upon hearing what they said, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then nodded and said: "Okay, as long as you don't have any objections, then this task will be left to you. This is indeed the case. If the alien clan doesn't fight, then it will be okay." Can we call them aliens? Those at your level can only be called monks. I’m afraid they can’t be called aliens anymore. You are completely different from them. That’s all. That’s it. You go back.” When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they all breathed a sigh of relief, then responded, bowed to Zhao Hai, turned around and left.