c7121 Take action

Everyone understood what Wen Wenhai meant. In a situation like theirs, they should really prepare a few more plans and try them one by one to see which one has better effects. They should not try one immediately after thinking of one. If it doesn't work, just come back and think of a solution, otherwise it will just be a waste of time.

He rolled his eyes and thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "I have seen before that Captain Sun Buyu and the others also used energy attacks to attack those orchards, but it had no effect, so the five elements' ultimate energy attack will probably not have any effect. What kind of effect is there? It's very strange. You can switch between illusion and reality. If you don't go there with the purpose of attacking, it will be real. If you go there with the purpose of attacking, it will be unreal. , and this situation is very special, it seems to be a test of people's will."

After saying this, Baiyan paused and glanced at everyone's reaction. Everyone was listening to his words seriously. Even the old man Jiu Suan nodded. Then Baiyan said: "Don't forget, the sect leader said After that, this is a place left by a great power in Buddhism to test his disciples. That is to say, this is a place to test Buddhist disciples, and Buddhism is also a very important part of the test of mind. , but these tests are all strengthened by the laws of the Shadow Clan, so I think that the illusion is not a place specifically to test the mind. As long as the mind accepts the test, it is considered to have passed the illusion, and vice versa. otherwise?"

When Bai Yan said this, everyone felt that it made sense, and Wen Wenhai also felt that it made sense, but then he frowned and said: "But the situation there is too special, and it is too confusing for people. If it really It’s a test of one’s will, and that’s going to be troublesome.”

Everyone else also nodded. This is indeed very troublesome. The test of one's will has always been what many monks are most afraid of facing, because if one person doesn't handle it well, he will become an inner demon, and now the other party is just showing off. Mingming is coming towards them, so naturally it cannot be compared with ordinary minds, so be careful.

Just when everyone was frowning and thinking about these things, a voice suddenly came and said: "Let me give it a try." Everyone was stunned and looked at the voice and found that the speaker was actually Zhao Hai. Everyone was stunned, and then everyone stood up immediately and saluted Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai waved his hand, and then said in a deep voice: "What Bai Yan just said is right. This time, this test seems to be really aimed at our aspirations. It is not something you can handle. The Shadow Clan has the mentality here." The method of confusion is not something that anyone in the Blood Killing Sect can handle now. I can only give it a try. Don’t forget, this kind of situation has happened before, like Aunt Gongsun, like Xing Tian, ​​those It’s not something you can handle. Our Blood Killing Sect’s current strength is not weak, but we haven’t reached the top yet, so I have to deal with this situation.”

Rolling eyes, they all lowered their heads, with some shame on their faces. They did not expect that Zhao Hai would have to take action in the end. They originally did not want to trouble Zhao Hai, or they wanted to use this method to let Zhao Hai take action. Zhao Hai knew that they could help Zhao Hai, but he didn't expect that in the end, Zhao Hai would have to help them solve their troubles.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Don't think too much, you have done a very good job, much better than I imagined. Our Blood Killing Sect has always been a whole. From now on, the Blood Killing Sect will If anything happens to Zong, I can't just ignore it, and your current strength is still not enough. After a while, when your strength becomes stronger, you will naturally be able to deal with this situation independently. This time, let me do it. Just deal with it, okay, I'm leaving." After saying that, he swayed and disappeared.

Wen Wenhai and the others looked at the direction in which Zhao Hai disappeared. They really didn't know what to say. After a while, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath, then turned to the others and said, "I wonder if the sect leader will do it this time?" There is a projection sent back. If there is a projection sent back, let all the disciples take a look. The test of the will is not something you can encounter all the time. It will be good for everyone to see how the sect master did it this time. .”

Everyone nodded. To be honest, they felt a little uncomfortable in their hearts. They felt a little sorry for Zhao Hai, but as Zhao Hai said, their current strength is not enough. When they are strong enough in the future, it will be fine. After all, the time they ascended was too short. Although they had been upgraded several times and had external incarnations to help them practice, although their strength had improved a lot in a short period of time, they had not yet reached the level of Being at the top is very important. If your strength is not at the top, you will be defeated when you face those top players. There is nothing you can do about it.

And at this moment, the projection in the conference room suddenly turned on, and Zhao Hai's figure had appeared in the projection. He had not reached the illusion yet, but he had already entered the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , was flying forward slowly, but judging from his appearance, he was not worried about anything at all. Instead, he seemed to be looking at everything around him curiously.

As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Quickly, inform all the disciples and pay attention to watching the projection, quick." Naturally, without saying anything, everyone took out the communication array and told the disciples directly, Let them pay attention to the projection. Today, Zhao Hai takes action personally. This is a rare opportunity.

Soon all the disciples of the Human Blood Killing Sect received the news, and the sect also told them that they could collect this projection in the real illusion. Now all the disciples became excited, and some disciples directly entered the real illusion. Here, they really want to see what happens when Zhao Hai takes action this time.

Now Zhao Hai has arrived at the orchard. He glanced at the orchard first, then smiled slightly and said: "Interesting, even the Garden of Eden was found. Where did this great master know these things? It's really interesting. "As he said that, he walked forward, and from time to time he would smell the flowers in the fantasy world or pick a fruit.

After eating a fruit, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Interesting, the taste of this fruit is actually very pure, and there is no energy fluctuation, let alone independence. Such an illusion is really interesting, it's amazing, you can do it To create such an illusion is already quite remarkable in itself.”

As he walked forward, he looked around. Zhao Hai was actually waiting. He believed that Adam and Eve should not appear here, but that snake would definitely appear here. Because this is the world of snakes, that snake would definitely appear here. Snake, Zhao Hai just wanted to see what the snake would do.

While looking at the surrounding scenery, Zhao Hai sighed, this place is really good, very good, the scenery is good, the taste is good, the feeling is good, everything is good, but unfortunately, Zhao Hai knows very well that all this is nothing They are all just illusions. His heart is much firmer than that of Sun Buyu and others. In fact, the firmness of the heart mentioned here refers to the Taoist heart.

What is the heart of the Tao? In fact, it is the heart of seeking the Tao. If you want to pursue your own Tao, you must guard your heart. If you can't guard your heart, look at this one today, go play with it a few times, and look at that one tomorrow. You are here. If you fiddle with it a few times, you may succeed in a short period of time, but you will not be able to achieve the goal you wanted to pursue in the first place, because your Taoist heart is not firm and you are too easily tempted.

Zhao Hai is now completely immune to the temptation of the scenery here, because his Taoist heart is extremely firm and he knows what he wants. Therefore, for him, the scenery here is nothing more than flowers in the mirror and the moon in the water. There is nothing special about it, so he will naturally not be affected in any way.

Zhao Hai walked leisurely as a driver. He was curious as to when the snake would appear. However, although he looked relaxed, in fact, he had been observing this illusion. This illusion was perfectly made, with sounds and colors. , taste, and emotion are all perfect, with almost no flaws. Zhao Hai can be sure that these are originally a test for Buddhist disciples, and the final test is the snake, and between the laws of the Shadow Clan, After the blessing of power, the biggest test here is not only the snake, but also the environment here. The environment here is enough to trap a person here. Even if this person gets out, if he is rescued, Rather than relying on his own ability to get out, then this person is likely to leave behind inner demons. As for the snake, it is likely that it will still be the strongest test here.

At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly heard a voice. The voice was very light and crisp, and it sounded very pleasant. He heard the voice and said: "Hello, welcome to the Paradise." Zhao Hai looked over following the voice. , I really found a snake, but this snake was really tolerable.

A snake can be described as cute, which shows how special this snake is. This snake is indeed very special. He looks translucent in color, and his body is translucent pink. Behind his back, there is He also has a pair of wings, but these wings are golden, and he is not very long, only more than one meter long. His two eyes are big, and they are not hard pupils, and his whole body does not feel that long. , on the contrary, it has a fat and fleshy feeling.

If there is really one word to describe it, it would be cute, so cute. Whether you are a man or a woman, as long as you see this snake, your first reaction is that this snake is so cute. , so cute, he is not aggressive at all, he is safe, everyone will have such a feeling.

Zhao Hai looked at this cute little snake, smiled slightly and said: "Hello, is this called Paradise? It's so beautiful here." Because the little snake's voice was very light and crisp, it sounded like A cute child's voice. Anyone who hears this voice will think of him as a child. When speaking, he will definitely speak in a soft voice, with a little bit of a child's tone, just like that. Like Zhao Hai now.