c7123 Plan within plan

Just when Zhao Hai was about to bring the fruit to his mouth, he suddenly stopped, and then he slowly put down his hand, and then he looked at Ling'er with a smile on his face, but the smile on his face now, It was not that excited smile, but a joking smile. Such a smile made Ling'er stunned, but Ling'er still kept his smile and looked at Zhao Hai and said: "What's wrong, Master? Why don't you eat this fruit?" ? Eat it. After eating it, you can become the king of kings and the god of gods, and you can live forever. Don’t you like it?"

"Hahahaha, I've played with you for so long and I've had enough. I really want to see what kind of methods you have. It turns out that this is the method. Those fruits before were all illusions. They were all illusions. It has no use, only this fruit is very useful. This fruit contains very pure power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and this power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is still completely solidified. It should be a kind of assimilated power. Well, as long as I eat this fruit, I will be assimilated by this power and become a Shadow Clan person, am I right? My Ling'er." Zhao Hai looked at Ling'er with a smile on his face.

When Ling'er heard what Zhao Hai said, the smile on his face froze and he stayed there in a daze, looking at Zhao Hai. Although he looked very cute, Zhao Hai's eyes were also extremely clear. I can't see what he looked like before. It's obvious that Zhao Hai's previous appearance of being fascinated and completely believing in Ling'er was all an act. His Taoist heart is extremely firm, how could he be affected by Ling'er? The impact.

Zhao Hai looked at Ling'er and laughed again: "I have always been very strange, how will this illusion be broken, and what is the ultimate destination of this illusion? I really didn't expect that, The ultimate goal of this illusion is to turn me into a member of your Shadow Clan. This is really interesting. I believe that this orchard is actually a large illusion. If only one person comes in, he will naturally see you. , if a lot of people come in, they may get together at first, but as long as they stay here for a long time, they will be affected by you and separate, and in the end they will naturally stop getting together. At that time, each of them will meet you, and then each of them will eat such a fruit, and finally become a member of the Shadow Tribe. At that time, they will naturally not be your master. On the contrary, you will You will become their master, right?"

At this point, Zhao Hai looked at the little snake, and then said: "In order to dispel my wariness, you also made a lot of arrangements, such as this fruit, the first fruit at the beginning, you deliberately made it The snake-shaped fruit was meant to scare me, and also to further dispel my wariness. Because the appearance of the first fruit was very scary, when I saw it, I would be very worried, wary, and finally eat it. After going down, I found that the fruit was not poisonous, and there was an increase in spiritual energy. My wariness disappeared instantly. On the contrary, I would trust you more. Then the fruits I saw also grew from small to large. , Ye Dao is getting better and better, which will make me trust you more, and the last fruit that has real effects is the most beautiful looking and the best tasting. Before that, I even ate five fruits without any problem. At this time, I have no doubts anymore. Moreover, you are using immortality, the King of Kings and the God of Gods to seduce me. At this time, I Naturally, you will eat this fruit without hesitation. Then your plan will be considered successful. But unfortunately, from the first time you appeared, I have been doubting you. Why can you live forever if you eat the fruit? It’s pure nonsense. There are not many shortcuts for cultivating monks. Even our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, even though I have created the most favorable conditions for them, if they don’t practice, they won’t be able to do it. If you make too much progress, you will just fall behind others and become a universal disciple. It is impossible to live forever by eating a few fruits. I just keep waiting, just want to see Look, how can we break this formation? Now I know that this fruit is actually the key to breaking the formation. If I don’t eat this fruit, as long as I break this fruit, then this formation will be finished. Because of this Traps are not actually what your Shadow Clan laws want to imagine. There are flaws in this kind of trap. This is not the style of you Shadow Clan people. This trap was originally used by the great masters of Buddhism to test the disciples, so naturally it must be kept. There is a path that can be passed, and although you, the Shadow Clan, can bless this test and make it more difficult, you cannot change this most primitive setting, so you can only Leaving such a flaw, you originally thought that no one would break it, but unfortunately, you met me, so you can only consider yourself unlucky." After saying this, Zhao Hai's hand was about to be broken. The fruit was crushed.

As soon as the little snake Ling'er saw Zhao Hai's movements, he couldn't help but screamed: "No, you can't do this." After saying that, his figure grew bigger in an instant, and turned into a big snake about ten feet long. , although such a big snake is nothing compared to the big snakes made by the Shadow Clan outside, it is not too small. The most important thing is that the momentum of this big snake is extremely amazing, and now it is shooting towards Zhao Hai like lightning. , if Zhao Hai did not avoid it, he would be seriously injured even if he wanted to destroy the fruit.

At the same time, all the trees around Zhao Hai turned into giant snakes. These giant snakes all rushed towards Zhao Hai, and they were all very fast. It seemed that they must keep the fruit. Yes, obviously that fruit is really important to them.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw the movements of those snakes, he smiled slightly. Then he moved and rushed directly to the snake that the little snake Ling'er turned into. Then he stretched out his hand and directly inserted Liu Zhan. In Little Snake Ling'er's body, he felt as if he had encountered something on his hand. He was not polite and crushed the thing directly.

As he moved, the entire scene became quiet. All the snakes stopped moving. Everyone looked at him blankly, including the big snake that the little snake Ling'er turned into. All the snakes looked at Zhao Hai. , as if they were very surprised, they really didn't understand why Zhao Hai left the fruit in his hand unmoving, but suddenly attacked the little snake Ling'er.

Zhao Hai withdrew his hand. His hand was empty, with nothing in it, but the moment he took out his hand, Little Snake Ling'er fell directly to the ground, twitching continuously, and at the same time, he also changed. He became smaller and became what Zhao Hai looked like when he first saw him. Little Snake Ling'er looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Why?" His voice was very low, as if he was going to die soon. .

Zhao Hai looked at Little Snake Ling'er's appearance and said in a deep voice: "I discovered that there is something wrong with this fruit, but I also discovered that there is also something wrong with your body, and the problem is bigger than this fruit, so I When I got the fruit, I said that deliberately just to see your reaction. You seemed very anxious, but when I grabbed the fruit, you still dared to attack me. Your Can you move faster than my clenched fist? You can't be that fast, but in that case you still dare to attack me, then there is only one explanation, you want me to move faster I want to crush the fruit quickly so that I don’t have time to think. That’ll be fine. I think if I really crush this fruit, then I will be cursed immediately, right? I’ve already I feel it. The thing in your body is actually the core of a curse. Now it has been destroyed. When the core of the curse in your body was destroyed, the fruit in my hand also lost its power. Am I right? "

Little Snake Ling'er looked at Zhao Hai, and after a while he smiled slightly and murmured: "I should be happy to die in the hands of a smart person like you." After saying that, his body began to slowly It turned into black smoke, and other things around it also turned into black smoke, and finally disappeared together with the little snake Ling'er.

As the illusion disappeared, Zhao Hai felt that the black fog in front of him was slowly disappearing. The next moment, the black fog had retreated thousands of miles away. Zhao Hai glanced at the sky that had returned to normal, and then lightly Sighing, the next moment his figure moved and had completely disappeared.

Zhao Hai's figure appeared in the Blood Slaughter Sect conference room. Wen Wenhai and the others were all in the conference room. They had been watching the projection here before. To be honest, until the end, they all felt pinched for Zhao Hai. Sweat, they never thought that the other party would be so cunning. The key to breaking those illusions was actually on the little snake. At the same time, they even created a fake curse waiting for others to fall for it.

If it weren't for Zhao Hai, even if they went in and saw the fruit, they would probably destroy the fruit as soon as possible, but they didn't expect that it was just a trap prepared for them. The thing that can really break this illusion is actually inside the little snake.

The most powerful thing about this illusion is that it confuses people's will and makes people indulge in it unknowingly. In fact, it is the appearance of the little snake, which will make you follow his ideas unknowingly. , they will even set traps for you one by one and slowly lead you in. The third is the true and false core. When most people see the false core, they will think that it is the real core of the illusion. Because it was something that the enemy spent a lot of effort to come up with. Of course it was the core, but they didn't expect that it was completely fake and just meant to trick you. Such a plan is really terrible.

But Zhao Hai, under the enemy's various calculations, found the true core of the enemy and broke this illusion in one fell swoop. Such determination and strength made Wen Wenhai and the others admire them, because in the end For a moment, they didn't think that the core of the illusion was in the little snake's body, because they had never thought about it before. Coupled with the performance of the little snake, they were even less likely to think about it.