c7124 Method

As soon as Wen Wenhai and the others saw Zhao Hai coming back, they immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai nodded at them, and then said: "This time it is still very dangerous. Even I almost fell into trouble. I I thought that the fruit was the core of the illusion, but it was almost destroyed. Fortunately, when the little snake transformed, I discovered that there was actually a more powerful energy in his body. The fluctuation, if I hadn't noticed it, would have been really dangerous. The little snake couldn't have noticed it before it transformed, so I finally took the risk and tried it."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. They did not expect that Zhao Hai would say this. Zhao Hai had told the little snake before that he had already discovered that there was a bigger energy group in his body, and this would lead to Why did the little snake take the bait and say that now?

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and smiled slightly: "Why are you so surprised? That little snake is our enemy. Why should I tell the truth to our enemy? Even if he is about to disappear, don't forget it. Even if he disappears, the surroundings were all filled with the power of Shadow Clan's laws, so we absolutely cannot tell them the truth, do you understand?"

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others admired Zhao Hai even more. Indeed, their current enemy is the Law Power of the Shadow Clan. If Zhao Hai really tells the truth, then the Law Power of the Shadow Clan will know. What's going on? I'm afraid I'll make a correct betrayal of them by then. Doesn't that mean I'm helping the enemy?

Zhao Hai looked at them and said with a smile: "Okay, don't think about it, go and occupy all the newly expanded territory. We don't know what kind of opponents we will encounter next. I feel, We are about to occupy this place. From now on, I will stay here and take charge. It is up to you how to command. I can't speak, but when it is time for me to take action, I will definitely take action. "

Everyone responded, Zhao Hai waved his hand, then sat down next to him, and stopped talking. Wen Wenhai and the others looked at each other, and they all saw the meaning in each other's eyes, and then they were not polite anymore. La issued an order to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, asking them to occupy all the expanded territory immediately.

At the same time, the post-war summary is still going on, and they are thinking about how to improve this situation. If they encounter this situation next time, but Zhao Hai is not here, what should they do? These are what they must do. Unfortunately, they discussed it for a long time and couldn't come up with any solution.

In the end, they could only leave it alone while occupying the territory, usually thinking of ways. Just when they were about to cover the entire newly occupied area with magic circles, Wen Wenhai called everyone to the conference room. This time Zhao Hai did not appear, but everyone can be sure that Zhao Hai must be watching them somewhere.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "Now the newly expanded territory will be covered with magic circles, and we have to prepare for the next attack. However, I still want to ask here, have you come up with anything? A way to deal with the previous illusion? Even an imaginary way is okay?"

Everyone was stunned for a moment, and then they all shook their heads. At this moment, Baiyan stood up and said: "I finally thought of a way, but I don't know if it is feasible." There was some uncertainty in his voice. There was also a trace of hesitation, which made everyone very curious as to what idea he had come up with.

Wen Wenhai was very happy. He immediately said: "Let's talk about it. Anyway, we don't have any good ideas now. If you can come up with one, it's already very good. Don't worry about whether it can succeed. Just tell us. Let's listen." He really felt a headache, because they really didn't have any solution before.

Bai Yan nodded and said: "I think we should make better use of our external avatars. We can use our external avatars to make full-body armor, and then isolate the inside and outside so that we don't need to use our eyes to see things outside. Not using our own ears to listen to things outside also prevents us from smelling things outside. As long as a completely closed environment is formed inside our armor, we will not be affected by illusions, and at the same time we can communicate with the earth. Look at everything externally and observe external data, so maybe we won’t be affected anymore.”

He paused for a moment and then said: "However, there is a flaw in this situation. Because the inside and outside are isolated, our fighting style will become different. This will take everyone a long time to adapt. The second is that this will make us more dependent on external incarnations. The third is that this method is not necessarily very safe. If the other party's illusion is very real and even energy exists, it may still be deceived. Beyond our external incarnation, after all, our external incarnation is also controlled by the biological brain."

Hearing what Bai Yan said, everyone fell into deep thought. After a while, Wen Wenhai finally took a breath and said in a deep voice: "This method is worth trying. I think so, wait until there is a chance in the future. We can try this method, but in the future, when the disciples are training, we can try this method of isolating the inside and outside."

Everyone agreed, and Wen Wenhai stopped talking about this matter. He turned to look at everyone and said, "Let's talk about the next attack. Let us know what you think." Everyone. When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned, and then Zhu Yong immediately said: "Let Shu Li and the others conduct reconnaissance first, and then make a decision."

Everyone also nodded and asked Shu Li and the others to send the aliens to conduct reconnaissance. It was indeed a good idea, because even if something happened, the disciples would not suffer any losses. Even if the alien clan lost some, they would not suffer any loss. It can be recreated and can indeed be consumed.

Shu Li would not object. He knew very well that the more this happened, the more attention the alien clan received from everyone. For the alien clan, this was not necessarily a bad thing. It could even be said to be a good thing. Because such aliens A clan will have its own status in the Blood Killing Sect and will not be eliminated.

Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "Okay, let's settle it for now. Shu Li, prepare yourself. After you go back, start making arrangements to conduct reconnaissance on the Shadow Clan's power of law to see what's going on." Shu Li nodded. Naturally, he would not object and accepted the task directly.

Wen Wenhai then said: "Don't think that you have support just because the boss is here to take charge. The boss can help us solve a lot of troubles, but if we encounter anything, let the boss help us." If we are left to solve it, what else do we need to do? So I think we should solve the troubles ourselves and not trouble the boss, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded in unison. Of course they also wanted to solve the trouble themselves. If they let Zhao Hai solve it whenever something happened, what would they become? They are also monks and have their own dignity, so they do not object to Wen Wenhai's words. On the contrary, they completely agree with it.

Wen Wenhai looked at the crowd and said, "Okay, that's it. We'll do it the same way we did before. Unless it's absolutely necessary, don't bother us, let's just leave." Everyone agreed, and then they all stood up. , bowed to each other, and then walked outside. They indeed have a lot of things to do now.

After Chen Li returned to his room, he immediately sent out the alien clan. Now Chen Li's room is built on the front line. There are some small bases built on the front line, and his room is built on that small base. On the base, there are many aliens in his room. These aliens will go outside every day. They will not attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but they will still stay in the room when nothing happens.

After returning to the room, Shu Li immediately released the aliens, and at the same time gave them an order to conduct reconnaissance in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. If they discovered anything, they would report it immediately, and also gave them an order. These aliens carry projection arrays on their bodies.

Because these aliens are still fully enlightened in spiritual intelligence, they are not yet formal disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and cannot have external incarnations. Only after their spiritual intelligence is fully enlightened will they become formal disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , will get all the benefits from the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that the status of these aliens in the Blood Killing Sect now is similar to that of the dead soldiers. They do the most dangerous work, but they do not get the treatment that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect receive. .

Regarding this situation, Shu Li would naturally have no objections. In fact, the conditions for aliens to become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are already very simple. As long as they have spiritual intelligence, they can become members of the Blood Killing Sect. Disciple, this is incomparable to ordinary dead warriors. If a dead warrior wants to become an official disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, he must either become stronger or achieve great achievements. Both of these are not easy to achieve. Death Shi Ke has no external incarnation to help them practice, and the techniques they practice are different from those of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This means that it is not easy for them to make a breakthrough in strength. things.

But speaking of it, the number of dead soldiers in the Blood Killing Sect is really not that many now. Some of the people who were recruited in the Black and White Battlefield have all become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They used to be good monks. If it is true It would be a waste to keep them as dead soldiers, so the number of real dead soldiers in the Blood Killing Sect is actually very small.

The alien race and the Zerg race are two powerful races in the Blood Killing Sect. They are very powerful, but uncivilized aliens can only be regarded as monsters. Therefore, no one is absolutely wrong in this classification. Shun Li didn't have any opinions, let alone other people.

After receiving the order, those aliens rushed out of the base and rushed straight into the power of Shadow Clan's laws. Their reconnaissance range this time was still not very far, only a hundred miles. If it were a hundred When they were inside, they didn't find anything. They could still go forward for a while, but they couldn't go too far before something had to happen. However, Shu Li believed that if something really happened, it would be over after a hundred miles. Yes.