c7125 they?

The reconnaissance this time was not very smooth. The aliens saw nothing. They had penetrated two hundred miles into the power of Shadow Clan's laws, but they were still covered in black mist. They saw nothing. Shun Li was a little surprised. He didn't understand why there was nothing in the black mist of the Shadow Clan. This was so weird.

He immediately reported the matter to Wen Wenhai. Although Wen Wenhai was a little puzzled, he didn't say anything. He just ordered that he send aliens to conduct reconnaissance every day. The reconnaissance distance was also increased from a hundred miles to Five hundred miles away, if you find anything, report it immediately.

In the following days, the aliens have been conducting reconnaissance on the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They have penetrated five hundred miles into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but they still found nothing. This is really very surprising. It's strange, why didn't you find anything? Could it be said that there is nothing left in the power of Shadow Clan's laws? Or are they preparing for some big move? Wen Wenhai and the others felt that the second possibility was more likely.

Just when everyone was very puzzled, there was movement in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They saw that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws began to fluctuate very violently, just like the waves of the sea, constantly rising and falling. The scene was very scary, as if a tsunami suddenly broke out in the calm sea.

Wen Wenhai and the others all arrived at the front line and looked at the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in the distance. Even Zhao Hai had arrived. Zhao Hai also looked at the power of the Shadow Clan's laws with some confusion. To be honest, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws It is really rare for his power to undergo such a drastic change. After all, it is the power of Shadow Clan's law, not something else. He should be calm and unruffled.

Just when Zhao Hai and the others were puzzled, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws slowly calmed down and returned to its original state. This time, instead of Wen Wenhai and the others giving orders, Shu Li directly sent the Alien Clan to go. Observe, but before the Alien Clan has reached the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, they can see that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws slowly changes. The power of the laws slowly separates to both sides, revealing He walked onto a path, and then he saw two figures slowly walking out of the path.

The two figures are both very petite in stature. One is wearing a white robe and the other is wearing a green robe. They walk with willows swaying in the wind, which is indescribably beautiful. Looking at their appearance, the one wearing a white robe and a white palace dress made her walk with her clothes flowing in the wind, making her look like a Lingbo fairy.

She is very beautiful, with an oval face, a straight nose, thin curved eyebrows, and flowing eyes. Although there is a smile on her face, she gives people a very peaceful feeling. Once you stand there, you will feel a sense of peace and tranquility, which makes people feel good about it.

But the other woman in Tsing Yi is wearing a very chic outfit. This outfit is really beautiful. When worn on her, she looks neat, chic and generous. She also has a hint of heroism. She looks so handsome. He has a small, oval-shaped face, curved eyebrows, and a hint of mischief in his eyes, which adds a bit of beauty to his heroic aura, and an aura of youth that hits his face. Come.

If the woman in white is a gentle and beautiful lady, then the woman in green is a cute and cute young girl. The woman in white is holding a round fan in her hand, with a landscape painting painted on it, which looks very special. of elegance.

But the female servant in green was carrying a long sword on her back, and she was holding a small oilcloth umbrella in her hand. She was pointing at the aliens and saying something to the woman in white. Before she finished speaking, she When he arrived, he laughed first, and the woman in white also gently covered her face with a fan, and she seemed to be laughing too.

Looking at these two women, the members of the Blood Killing Sect all stood there blankly. These two women did not look like they were from the Shadow Clan, nor did they look like people related to snakes. How could they? Will he emerge from the power of Shadow Clan's laws? Looking at them, they looked like a pair of official ladies on an outing. Could they be the enemies this time?

Zhao Hai looked at the two women and was slightly startled. Then he couldn't help but sigh and murmured: "Is that eminent monk got a complete collection of earth myths? Otherwise, what will happen to these two people?" Also coming out? Then who will be next? Someone stronger than these two? Who will it be? "

The reason why Zhao Hai said this was because he saw the identities of these two women. Others may not think of the identities of these two women, but when Zhao Hai saw these two women and thought of the name Snake World, he The identities of these two women were immediately known, and the strength of these two women really gave Zhao Hai a headache.

These two women are none other than others. In China on earth, the names of these two women can be said to be household names. Everyone knows them. The woman in white is Bai Suzhen, and the woman in green is Xiaoqing. That’s right. It's Bai Suzhen and Xiaoqing in The Legend of White Snake. They are dressed the same.

As soon as he saw these two women, Zhao Hai knew that the matter was troublesome. Bai Suzhen was a very powerful being, a person who could flood a golden mountain with water. How could he be a simple person? He really didn't expect that they would appear. This is really true. It surprised him. Zhao Hai believed that if the two of them appeared here at this stage, their strength would definitely be very powerful, maybe even stronger than the legend.

Zhao Hai immediately said to Shu Li: "Shen Li, ask all the aliens to move back. You can't afford to offend these two people. I will go meet them." Shu Li responded and immediately gave the order to those aliens to let them The alien retreated, but Zhao Hai moved and appeared directly in front of Bai Suzhen and Xiao Qing. Then Zhao Hai cupped his fists at the two people and said, "It turned out to be Miss Bai Suzhen and Miss Xiao Qing. I really didn't expect it. It’s really surprising that these two people would come here.”

Bai Suzhen looked at Zhao Hai with her beautiful eyes, covered her mouth with the fan in her hand and said: "We have no choice but to come here to offend the young master. Please forgive me, young master. Please, you and I both know why we are here." , so you don’t need to be polite anymore.” After saying that, she waved her hand towards Zhao Hai, but didn’t say anything.

Zhao Hai looked at Bai Suzhen's appearance and couldn't help but sigh. Then he said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that I would be enemies with you two in a while. Okay, please." Zhao Hai didn't make any move. I wanted to see what method the two used to attack him.

Before Bai Suzhen could speak, she heard Xiao Qing scolding: "What are you talking about and wasting so much time on? You have to do it anyway, so I'll do it first and look at the sword." After saying that, the long sword behind her was , suddenly appeared in her hand, and then he swung his sword out. As he swung out his sword, a green sword shadow came out of the sword and went straight towards Zhao Hai.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw Xiao Qing's sword, he did not dare to neglect it. He had discovered that although Xiao Qing's sword did not look very powerful, her sword energy was very concentrated. In fact, if this sword energy were replaced by someone else, I am afraid it would be difficult to catch it.

Zhao Hai moved, wanting to let go of that sword energy, but he didn't expect that Xiao Qing's sword energy was fired in succession, and the angle was very tricky. Just as Zhao Hai moved, another sword energy had already been blocked. His way out was blocked, and all his ways were blocked. It seemed that he could only take the sword forcefully.

Zhao Hai's expression remained unchanged, but he could only see his figure turning from one to two, from two to four, from four to eight, and finally eight Zhao Hai appeared on the same spot. Zhao Hai's hands all had an extra knife at the same time. Then he swung the knife and heard a bang. The sword energy released by Xiao Qing was all chopped into pieces by Zhao Hai's long knife. Gone.

As the sword energy disappeared, Zhao Hai's eyes were fixed on Xiao Qing. At the same time, all his clones disappeared. Only Zhao Hai stood there with a long knife in his hand. , his face was calm, but the knife in his hand was filled with murderous intent.

When Xiao Qing saw Zhao Hai blocking her sword, she couldn't help but screamed, but Bai Suzhen cast her eyes on the knife in Zhao Hai's hand. A trace of confusion flashed in her eyes, and then She aimed her gaze at Zhao Hai again, as if she wanted to see Zhao Hai's whole person clearly.

After Xiao Qing said hello, he pointed the long sword in his hand at Zhao Hai, and then said: "Okay, you really have two strikes, but if you only have these two strikes, then you will be in trouble. , look at my move." After saying this, the flying sword in her hand suddenly shot out, and the flying sword flew out of his hand, flying up and down in the sky, like a spirit. Like a snake, this is the flying sword.

Zhao Hai looked at the flying sword. This flying sword was also blue, and it was connected with Xiao Qing. As soon as he saw the flying sword, Zhao Hai immediately understood that Xiao Qing was trained by Green Snake. , and this flying sword must be his natal magic weapon. It should be made from part of her body. That's why under her command, this green snake sword can be so powerful and powerful. Incomparably, even Zhao Hai has to admire this.

Just as he was thinking about it, the Green Dragon Sword had already flown in front of him and stabbed him. Zhao Hai waved the long knife in his hand and struck straight at the Green Snake Sword. But what Zhao Hai didn't expect was that, The green snake actually shrank back, and the blade of the sword was twisted, as if a snake had retracted its body when it encountered danger.

Zhao Hai's sword was empty, but Zhao Hai's control was also very strong. When he felt that the sword was empty, he immediately closed the sword, but at this moment, in the long sword, there was a sudden Once, a sword light flew out. The speed of the sword light was very fast, as if the spirit snake had swallowed his snake letter, and it shot straight towards Zhao Hai's face.

Zhao Hai leaned back and passed the sword light in an instant. At the same time, the whole person seemed to be gliding on the ground, sliding straight back, sliding about ten feet away, and then stopped. , and because of his sliding, he also deflected Xiao Qing's next few swords. When Zhao Hai stood up, the green snake sword had already shot at him again.