c7126 water war

As soon as Zhao Hai saw the green snake sword stabbing him at once, he couldn't help but smile, and then he moved, his body skills were fully unfolded, and the whole person seemed to be water skiing, constantly sliding on the ground. It slipped, and at the same time, the long knife in his hand was slashed out beautifully, aiming directly at the snake body of the Green Snake Sword.

But the green snake sword is indeed very powerful. It can be soft or hard, straight or bent, and it can also emit sword light. Such an attack is really surprising. Even Zhao Hai has to deal with it carefully. That's right, because his attack is too flexible, and with Zhao Hai's body skills, it is difficult to dodge it.

Bai Suzhen stood aside and watched, but did not take action. She was just looking at Zhao Hai and the knife in Zhao Hai's hand. At the same time, she also noticed Zhao Hai's knife skills and body skills. The more she looked at it, the look on her face The more solemn she became, she had discovered that Zhao Hai was definitely not easy to mess with. Not only was he extremely skilled in swordsmanship, but he was also very fast in movement. Although it seemed that he was at a disadvantage, Bai Suzhen could see clearly. , Zhao Hai is leaning towards Xiao Qing, and the distance between him and Xiao Qing is getting closer and closer.

When looking at Xiaoqing, she hadn't noticed this yet. She was shouting and attacking Zhao Hai without noticing Zhao Hai's intentions at all. When she saw this situation, Bai Suzhen couldn't help but sigh. Xiao Qing still had too little experience and did not realize that Zhao Hai was definitely stronger than her. She thought she was close to winning and was feeling proud of herself.

Bai Suzhen also knew very well that he could not wait any longer. If he kept waiting, Xiaoqing would be in danger. Then she heard Bai Suzhen scolding: "Xiaoqing, I'm here to help you, the two of us." Let's join forces and destroy this evil thief." After saying that, she waved her hand, and two long swords, one yellow and one white, suddenly flew out of her sleeves and attacked Zhao Hai.

The yellow sword of these two long swords has a very strong smell of medicine. It is a realgar sword, and the white long sword is as fast as lightning, but it is Bai Yi sword, which is also a sword. The best of all, the timing of these two swords was very good. Just when Zhao Hai's figure flashed, these two long swords just cut off Zhao Hai's way.

Although Zhao Hai has been fighting with Xiao Qing, he has never forgotten the existence of Bai Suzhen. He is very clear that Bai Suzhen will definitely take action, and speaking of it, Bai Suzhen is much more powerful than Xiao Qing. , so although Zhao Hai seemed to be focused on fighting against Xiao Qing, in fact, most of his thoughts were focused on Bai Suzhen.

Sure enough, Bai Suzhen took action, and this action directly blocked his retreat. He had been using this movement technique for some time, and Bai Suzhen had found the pattern, so this time, the two swords had already blocked him. Both of his transformations are blocked. If he moves, he will bump into one of the two swords. If he does not move, he will be stabbed by the Green Snake Sword. The situation is very serious. danger.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai had thought of this a long time ago, so the movement technique he used before was just a very simple movement technique. How could his movement techniques be so easily grasped by others? Therefore, Zhao Hai turned around and passed by the Green Snake Sword, and escaped from the surroundings of the three swords.

Then he slashed out with a sword. This sword was very fast. When he went out with the sword, he slashed directly on the Green Snake Sword. The Green Snake Sword flew out with his slash, and Xiao Qing also let out a sweet cry. , this green snake sword is connected with her mind. Now that it was struck, she was also shaken and had already suffered some injuries.

But Xiao Qing is a demon after all. This not only did not make her feel scared, but on the contrary, it aroused her ferocity. She roared fiercely, then opened her mouth, and the green snake sword flew straight away. It entered her mouth, and the next moment her whole body suddenly grew larger, transforming into a huge green snake in the blink of an eye.

They saw that the green snake was about a hundred feet long, and its whole body was five feet thick. Its eyes were shining with cold light, and a blood-red snake letter was spitting out and retracting from her mouth from time to time. And her body is also covered with scales. Each of these scales is the size of a palm. It looks like blue jade, very beautiful.

Then the green snake rushed straight towards Zhao Hai, and at the same time opened its big mouth. In his big mouth, you could see two huge fangs. Even if the big mouth swallowed an elephant, There is no problem, let alone Zhao Hai. At the same time, there is a huge suction force in his big mouth, as if he wants to suck Zhao Hai there.

At the same time, the two long swords in Bai Suzhen's hands also stabbed towards Zhao Hai. These two swords were obviously not long swords like the Green Snake Sword, just like the long swords used by people, but the difference between these two swords was There were a lot of changes. When the big snake sucked, the long sword struck at the same time, which really made Zhao Hai slightly stunned.

Just when Zhao Hai was stunned, the two long swords were already in front of Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai saw that it was too late to avoid, he couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then swung the long sword in his hand quickly. In two blows, the two swords were knocked out and flew out. At this moment, the green snake's big mouth had already covered Zhao Hai's head.

Zhao Hai felt his eyes darken, and the next moment he knew that he had been swallowed by the green snake. Zhao Hai couldn't help but coldly snorted: "Looking for death." After saying this, Zhao Hai gave a low drink, and then struck with a knife. When he got out, he slashed with the sword, and a huge blood-red sword light flew out of his hand and struck into the darkness in front of him.

"Roar" a painful roar came, and then Zhao Hai felt that his eyes were bright. When he could see clearly what was in front of him, he found that the green snake had retreated to the side, and that There was a huge wound on the green snake's upper jaw, and streams of black smoke were coming out of the wound.

When she saw that Green Snake was injured, Bai Suzhen's expression changed. She looked at Zhao Hai and her expression turned completely cold. Then she said, "How dare you hurt my sister and seek death." After saying that, she moved and walked straight towards Zhao Hai rushed over, and the two swords had returned to her hands. The next moment, her body turned quickly, and at the same time she shouted: "Sinking Sword." Following the sound of her hands, countless people saw her Blue light spots appeared around her, and the light spots turned into a vast ocean in the blink of an eye.

The water gathered more and more, and finally it seemed that the entire space was filled with water. Zhao Hai reached out and touched around. He could clearly feel the impact of the water flow on him, as if he was really in the air. It was the same in the water, but Bai Suzhen seemed not to be affected at all, holding two swords and slashing straight at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Bai Suzhen who was rushing towards him, but slowly raised the long knife in his hand, and then shouted loudly: "Blood is flowing like a river." As Zhao Hai shouted, he could see his body's All around, a blood river slowly appeared. This blood river formed its own system in the blue water, completely unaffected by the blue water flow, and surrounded Zhao Hai in it.

When Bai Suzhen saw this situation, she couldn't help but snorted coldly: "Rising." Following her voice, she saw that the blue water began to rise continuously, and as the water rose, she saw The blood river in the water began to rise slowly along with the water flow, and finally left Zhao Hai's side and flew to the top of Zhao Hai's head.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but laughed and looked at Bai Suzhen and said: "As expected of Bai Suzhen, the one who flooded the Jinshan Mountains back then. She is really strong. She actually used this method to defeat my move. You are still the first one." , but do you think this is over? Look at my move, Sea of ​​Blood and Corpse Mountain." Following Zhao Hai's words, a sea of ​​blood and a huge corpse mountain appeared around Zhao Hai in the next moment. , directly pressed down from the sky.

boom! There was a loud noise, and the next moment the huge mountain of corpses was directly pressed on the blue water. Bai Suzhen couldn't bear the shock, and a mouthful of blood spurted out, but Zhao Hai took the opportunity to shout: "Blood flow!" As his voice came out, he saw that the blood river that had flown to the top of his head slowly fell down and surrounded him again, but then he saw a river of blood. The wooden pile rushed out of the blood river and rushed into the blue water.

Bai Suzhen seemed to have received a great shock, and another mouthful of blood spurted out from her mouth. At this moment, a black shadow silently appeared on the edge of the blood river, and then stabbed straight into the blood river. He went there, and the position where he stabbed was exactly where Zhao Hai was standing before.

But as soon as the green long sword entered the blood river, there was a sound of metal clanking, and then the green long sword retreated from the blood river, and at this time the green snake He has also flown to Bai Suzhen's side, standing side by side with Bai Suzhen.

Zhao Hai looked at the man and the snake, laughed loudly and said: "Okay, let me come today to see how strong you are. You are weak to three thousand people." Following Zhao Hai's words, he saw the people beside him. The river of blood disappeared suddenly and slowly, but at the same time, Bai Suzhen and Xiaoqing also felt that the water around them seemed to have become much heavier all of a sudden, and the heavy feeling penetrated straight into their bodies.

When Bai Suzhen felt this situation, she couldn't help being stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "You actually used poison on us? Don't you know that we snakes are experts at using poison? Look at the sword." Then she struck with her swords. Swing it forward, stabbing straight forward, just like the two fangs of a snake.

But something strange happened. The two swords that Bai Suzhen thrust out became extremely slow. Each sword seemed to be dragging a thousand kilograms of weight. Bai Suzhen immediately noticed her change. Her expression couldn't help but change, and she immediately withdrew her long sword. Then she looked at Zhao Hai and scolded: "What did you do to me? Could it be that I was really poisoned? It's impossible, we snakes She is an expert in using poisons, so there is no way we could be poisoned." Although she still had a look of disbelief, there was actually a trace of panic on her face.