c7120 Feel

Of course, if you don't meet them, they can go back to the Blood Killing Sect's base directly through the teleportation array, but they are cavalry, and they have their own pride. Strictly speaking, their mission this time has been considered a failure, because they Now they are completely trapped. If Fa Jing hadn't taken action in the end, they might not have been able to get out. This is really terrible.

It was precisely for this reason that Sun Buyu and the others had to come out of the orchard and walk back to the Blood Killing Sect's base, otherwise it would be too embarrassing. When Sun Buyu and the others came out, they did not encounter any attacks and walked out of the orchard very smoothly. However, even after they walked out of the orchard, they still left some traces of the orchard and walked ten miles. , the lingering feelings in their hearts slowly disappeared.

Sun Buyu had been paying attention to his changes until he felt that he no longer had any trace of the orchard. Only then did Sun Buyu let out a sigh of relief. He really didn't expect that the orchard would have such an impact on people's emotions. Da, fortunately, I listened to Chang Jun's words, otherwise they would be really in danger this time.

Then Sun Buyu immediately turned his attention to his space equipment, but when their mental power entered the space equipment, they found that apart from his own things, there was no extra thing in his space equipment. , not even a trace of excess energy.

This made Sun Buyu stunned. He immediately said through the communication array: "Everyone, take a look in your space to see if there are any things you brought out from the orchard. Quick, take a look at them all." Everyone in the cavalry team immediately said They responded, and then they all turned their attention to their own space, only to find that there was really nothing in it.

After hearing everyone's answers, Sun Buyu couldn't help but look slightly stunned, and then he immediately said loudly: "Quick, speed up, return to the sect in the shortest time, this matter must be done before Report it in the shortest time, hurry up." Everyone responded, and then immediately returned to speed.

Soon Sun Buyu and the others returned to the base of the Blood Killing Sect. After letting everyone go back, Sun Buyu went directly to the headquarters. He had to report the matter. When he arrived at the commander, he found that Wen Wenhai and the others were all there, one Everyone was saying something solemnly. As soon as they saw him coming, Wen Wenhai immediately said to him: "Bu Yu is here, come and sit down."

Sun Buyu said to Wen Wenhai with a look of shame: "I'm sorry, Elder Wen, we made a mistake this time, please punish Elder Wen." Sun Buyu was really embarrassed, and he was serious about what happened this time. He felt very embarrassed, and finally asked Wen Wenhai to send someone to rescue him, which he never expected.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "It's okay, sit down. I don't blame you for this matter. Come and sit down." Sun Buyu responded and sat down. Wen Wenhai really didn't blame Sun Buyu and them this time. Sun Buyu's reaction had actually confirmed the horror of that illusion from the other side.

Wen Wenhai looked at Sun Buyu and said, "Buyu, did you bring anything out of that illusion? Also, you have to tell me everything about how you felt when you attacked that illusion." Although Wen Wenhai and the others were projecting He had seen what Sun Buyu and the others had done, but at this time, he still wanted to ask carefully. After all, what he saw with his eyes was completely different from what he experienced personally.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "We brought our things out and received them in the space at that time. But when we arrived outside the orchard and looked for the things we brought out, we couldn't find anything. Even There is no trace of different energy, which is really weird. As for the feeling when attacking the orchard, there is no feeling at all, it is like waving a weapon against the space, there is no feeling at all."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "What about the feeling in the orchard? Why did you fall in so easily? Is there anything wrong? Tell me carefully." Wen Wenhai really wanted to know, What is it like to enter that orchard? Why is it that an elite like Sun Buyu is still so easily fascinated after entering that orchard?

Sun Buyu's face became solemn, and then he said in a deep voice: "That place is completely different from the illusion we encountered before. After we entered there, the orchard we saw was different from what we saw in the Shadow Clan Law outside. , completely different, one is completely dark, and the other is a completely beautiful orchard. Such a huge contrast will make our mood relax at that moment, and then we will smell the fragrance of flowers and fruits. , hearing the sound of the wind, the chirping of birds, and the sound of the stream, everything is so real, as if there is a real world there."

At this point, Sun Buyu paused for a moment, and then he said: "That is a completely three-dimensional world, where all your senses will tell you that it is a real world, a world that makes you extremely at ease. There are countless flowers and plants there. You will always find your favorite plant there, or a plant that leaves a deep impression on you. It will evoke the happiest feeling in your heart. A memory, which is actually very scary, because you feel it is extremely real, so you will fall into it unconsciously."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Sun Buyu said, their faces couldn't help but change. Although Sun Buyu was just talking about a feeling, they could understand the meaning of Sun Buyu's words. Frankly speaking, if they were really like Sun Buyu , if they encounter that kind of situation, I'm afraid they will also fall into it.

Chang Jun looked at Sun Buyu, and then said in a deep voice: "When Elder Fajing went to wake you up before, he also brought a fruit out, but when he returned to the base, there was nothing there, so he can be sure that there is An illusion, a complete illusion. As for why that illusion is so real, I really don’t know. Moreover, your previous attacks had no effect, which means that it may not be destroyed by force. Yes, it seems we have to think of other ways."

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "It is definitely not easy to break that illusion. I just thought about it. If there is no way to break the illusion with force, then I can only think of other ways. But still There is really no good way, but there is another way, which is to send many people directly into the illusion, eat all the edible things in the illusion, and give him all the flowers that can be picked. Pick it away, maybe the illusion will be destroyed, but this may not be successful. There are two reasons. One is because it is an illusion. Even if you pick off all the fruits and eat them, he will not be able to succeed. A batch of them will grow right away, and you can’t pick them all. If you send people in, they will probably fall into it. When we go in, they are not long, but when we come out, there is still a trace in our hearts. The feeling of nostalgia, if you go in for a long time, you really don’t know what will happen, so this matter is actually very dangerous. Of course, if you really talk about it, there is another point that is also very important. That means I don’t know how big it is there, but it looks like it’s not small.”

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun all nodded, and at this time Fa Jing also looked at a few people and said: "It is indeed very difficult to deal with there. Although the poor monk only went in for a while, he felt that it was really difficult to deal with it. There is boundless temptation, and if you stay there for a long time, you may damage your Taoist mind."

When Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun heard what Fa Jing said, their expressions couldn't help but change. They also had some understanding of Buddhism. They knew that Buddhism valued the cultivation of the mind, and Fa Jing was already a senior monk. It can almost be said that he has reached the point where his Taoist heart is firm and not disturbed by external things, but now he still says this, which shows how terrible it is there, and this matter has become a problem.

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frowned and said: "It seems that this matter is indeed a bit difficult to handle. I think it's better to call everyone together and discuss the solution." Wen Wenhai really feels now, no What a great solution, the only option is to call everyone over and discuss it together to see if there is any solution.

Everyone nodded and did not object, because they had no good solution now. They could only listen to everyone's opinions and then speak. As soon as he saw everyone's appearance, Wen Wenhai immediately informed everyone to go to the conference room. After the meeting was announced, everyone was led to the conference room.

After everyone arrived in the conference room, Wen Wenhai told everyone about the situation in the illusion, showed them the projection, and also told them about the problems they encountered. Finally, he said: " The problem now is that we haven’t gotten any energy from that illusion, nor have we found any way to break it. Let’s take a look. If you have any good ideas, just tell us and listen.”

Everyone's expressions were solemn, and it took a while before the old man Jiu Suan said: "Why don't you send the Five Elements Ultimate Energy Beast in to have a look? The Five Elements Ultimate Energy Beast in him is very destructive. Send him in to have a look. , can we destroy the orchard? If it can, then of course everything will be fine. If not, we won’t have any losses. Also, we should put the projection ball there and watch it at any time. As for the situation in the orchard, let’s see if the orchard changes over time, and if there are any changes, as long as we can find changes, that’s naturally the best, if not, forget it.”

After hearing what the old man Jiu Suan said, everyone nodded. At this time, this is really a way, but it is just a way. It is really hard to say whether it will succeed. Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "Yes, this method is feasible. You can try it. As for whether it can succeed, you have to try it to know. Is there any other way? We'd better prepare a few more ways. , If this method doesn't work, we are still trying another method. If it doesn't work without using one method, it would be a waste of time to think of a method when we come back."