c7135 new disciple

The baptism of Buddha's light lasted for an hour before it ended. An hour later, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect opened their eyes. They all felt refreshed and relaxed. The most important thing is, They found that some of the questions they had in practice before seemed to be self-taught without a teacher. This feeling was really very comfortable.

There are some injured disciples, all of their injuries have healed. Some disciples who originally had their hands and feet broken have not yet had time to use the medicine to regrow their limbs, but now all the broken limbs have been regenerated, which makes the blood All the disciples of the Killing Sect were very happy. They all bowed to the snake god statue and then went back to their own affairs.

After Wen Wenhai and the others arranged the entire interface and all the magic circles, the matter on this interface was considered over, and Zhao Hai also gathered everyone in the main hall of Xuanwu Island. Zhao Hai sat on the main seat, Beside him, Laura and the others were sitting, and Wen Wenhai and the others were all sitting below, with their backs straight and looking very energetic.

Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Yes, you have completed the task very well this time. I am very happy, because not only did you complete the task, but you also trained all the disciples, and I want to Countless ways have been devised to solve the problem. It can be said that after this incident, the strength of our Blood Killing Sect has been qualitatively improved. This is completely beyond my expectation. I really didn't expect that you can actually I’m really happy that it’s done so well.”

Wen Wenhai and the others also had a look of joy on their faces. Their waists became straighter and their spirits were fuller. Looking at their looks, Zhao Hai became even more happy. He smiled slightly and then said : "Now that the Snake World has been taken down, we can't attack another interface yet. We need to consume the things we upgraded this time first. For example, only a few people have mastered it now, but it can be promoted. Although only a few people have mastered the method of making our external avatars bigger so that we can fight against those stone giants, it seems that this method can be promoted and will increase the combat effectiveness of our disciples, so everyone should Promotion.”

Everyone nodded, Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. This method was the method used by Ding Chunming during the final battle. This method can indeed be promoted throughout the sect. Once this method is promoted, The combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect disciples will be greatly improved.

Zhao Hai then said: "In addition to this method, there is also the Five Elements Killing Formation. Now our use of the Five Elements Killing Formation is already very perfect, but this time the battle has also given us some challenges. Wake up, that is, one day, if someone really enters our base, how should we respond? And don't think that the Five Elements Killing Formation is omnipotent. Those snakes of the Shadow Clan are no longer there in the end. Are you afraid of our Five Elements Ultimate Killing Power? If they can find a way, that means others can also find a way. So Lao Wen, I still have to teach you this. You have to find a way to improve the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. Right Okay, I will give you some Bagua arrays later. Don’t underestimate the Bagua arrays. The Bagua arrays can actually be used in conjunction with the Five Elements Ultimate Array. If used this way, the effect will be better. Just like before, I won’t I have been trapped by the Bagua array for a long time. You have to combine these arrays to form a array that can be used both internally and externally, and can be attacked or defended."

Wen Yuming responded, and now he has discovered that their mountain protection formation actually still has many problems. In the past, their shield formation was too conservative and had almost no attack power, and the Five Elements Ultimate Kill Although the formation has a certain counterattack power, it is not without its weaknesses. In fact, the counterattack power of the Five Elements Killing Formation is enough, but in terms of withstanding the impact, it is probably not as good as the shielding formation, because The protective formation uses all its power to resist, and the reason why the Five Elements Killing Formation is so powerful is that they can kill the power of the Five Elements and the two qi of Yin and Yang, which makes it look very powerful. Strong, and those snakes of the Shadow Clan are actually no longer afraid of the Five Elements Ultimate Formation. They are protected by the power of law and can withstand the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Force for a short time. If they are really determined to attack the Five Elements Ultimate Formation, If you use a large killing formation, you may not be able to break through the five elements killing formation, so this aspect needs to be improved.

There are also five-element ultimate energy weapons, which also need to be improved. Although the current five-element ultimate energy weapons are good, they are still not at their highest level in terms of power. There are still many areas that can be improved, so they are just famous. You know, they still have a lot of work to do.

Zhao Hai continued: "And it's not just that, there are also materials. Although we now have blood gold and Buddha metal, this is not the end. There is no end to the study of materials, and don't just study this kind of material. There are some special materials that can have unexpected effects under certain circumstances. Don't lose your enterprising spirit, otherwise, you will be slowly eliminated, do you understand?"

Wen Yuming once responded. The research of materials is also under the jurisdiction of Shenji Hall. Recently, Wen Yuming and the others have indeed slacked off a bit in terms of material research. Zhao Hai's words made Wen Yuming break into a cold sweat. They seem to have shifted their energy too much to the magic circle recently, which is not a good thing.

Zhao Hai nodded, stopped and said: "As for the battle formation, don't relax in this aspect. We need to update our battle formation so that we can cope with various situations. For Skyfire, energy weapons You must not relax in the use of it, these are all very important to our Blood Killing Sect."

Everyone nodded. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "The most important thing is practice. This is our foundation. We must not relax in practice. From now on, sect disciples must ensure four hours of practice every day." The training time, these four hours of training time, must all be used in the training of mana. As for those who are afraid of training in other aspects, as long as they can be put into the real illusion, they can be put into the real illusion. , haven’t you noticed one thing? That is, no matter which interface, in the end, if you want to pass the level, you still need to rely on the strong strength of each person. With 10,000 people, there will be 10,000 ideas. We can do this Ten thousand people are trained to form a powerful army, but they must not be used as one person. That is impossible. The more people there are, the more ideas there are, and it is even more impossible to use them as one person. Do you understand me?

Everyone responded in unison. They understood what Zhao Hai meant. Take Zhao Hai as an example. If the combat effectiveness of an ordinary disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is one, then Zhao Hai's combat effectiveness is definitely about 10,000. But if you think , ten thousand Blood Killing Sect disciples can deal with Zhao Hai, then you are too naive. If ten thousand Blood Killing Sect disciples really fight against Zhao Hai, those ten thousand disciples will definitely die in the end, and It won't be Zhao Hai.

Just like Zhao Hai said, ten thousand people have ten thousand ideas. Even if you can train him into an elite soldier, it is just an elite queen and cannot be compared with one person. So in the end, the monks, It still depends on your personal strength, and no one can change this.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "Okay, I won't say anything more today. This time, in order to celebrate that you have won the Snake World, let's have a big meal in this hall. I have asked Meg to prepare something to eat, and we will have a good time today."

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all very happy. The Blood Killer Sect has never given up food. Even now, they have been using food instead of pills. This is all due to Meg, because Meg The food made by Ge Nang is not only very delicious, but can also replace elixirs. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have always relied on food to replace elixirs. This is unmatched by other sect masters. .

Following Zhao Hai's order, countless disciples immediately brought food and various spiritual wines to the main hall. The atmosphere in the main hall immediately became lively. The Blood Killing Sect's These senior officials knew very well that Zhao Hai would not blame them on such an occasion, nor would he be angry with them, so they all ate very happily, and drank countless spiritual wines, and Xue Sha The ordinary disciples of the sect also received food and spiritual wine, and the atmosphere in the entire Blood Killing Sect became extremely lively.

After the dinner, the Blood Killing Sect returned to its original rhythm. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all very busy. They were busy practicing and making summaries. This time the battle in the Snake World made the Blood Killing Sect’s disciples very busy. The disciples also know what their own strength is, and at the same time, they also know how to make better use of their own advantages. What are their advantages? It is their incarnation outside the body, so now, in addition to practicing their magic power and other techniques, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect spend a lot of time every day in the real illusion, where they practice how to make their body The external incarnation can exert the greatest power, which is very important to them, because they will face more powerful enemies in the future, and they must make themselves more powerful.

On the third day after the dinner, Yao Jianhao found Zhao Hai. He had been recruiting new disciples for the Blood Killing Sect at the Black and White Battlefield. There were all people who had ascended. Because these people had just ascended, they were all a little unruly. Disobedience requires a person who is very experienced in this area to handle it. Yao Jianhao was the head of a sect before. Of course, he is very experienced in dealing with this aspect, so Zhao Hai handed over this matter. Him, this is why he rarely appears in the snake world, because he has other tasks.

This time Yao Jianhao came to Zhao Hai to tell Zhao Hai that the Blood Killing Sect had one hundred thousand more disciples, three thousand of them were peripheral disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and the rest were all dead warriors of the Blood Killing Sect. These people He is not yet at the level of being a disciple who has killed peripheral disciples, and can only be a dead soldier, but in terms of loyalty, there should be no problem.