c7134 Consecrate

Zhao Hai sat cross-legged in the sky quietly. Ten days had passed since he trapped Fuxi and Nuwa here. Fuxi and Nuwa were still trapped in the curse runes and heaven and earth runes and had not come out, but They have not changed at all. They are still fighting against the power emitted by these two runes. This also makes Zhao Hai dare not relax, because Zhao Hai knows very well that if he relaxes, Fuxi and Nuwa will soon Two runes will be broken, which will be even more troublesome.

Zhao Hai has a calm face now. He knows that now they are fighting for consumption. Whoever can't consume it first will lose, so Zhao Hai is not in a hurry. He just sits there quietly and controls the two talismans. Wen, these two runes have now formed a cycle of their own, so he doesn't need to worry about anything at all.

Another day passed in the blink of an eye, and there was still no movement from Fuxi and Nuwa. Zhao Hai was still sitting there, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were still paying attention to the situation there. They all knew very well that this After the battle, the entire snake world was theirs, but obviously, these two people were not so easy to deal with, otherwise Zhao Hai would not have spent so long and still failed to deal with these two people.

Four more days have passed, and half a month has passed since Zhao Hai and the two of them were trapped. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have completely relaxed. In their opinion, it is impossible for those two people to come out. It would be a matter of time before they were trapped to death. Don't forget that it was Zhao Hai who trapped them. How could they still get out after being trapped by Zhao Hai for half a month?

Their guess was correct. Fuxi and Nuwa were indeed unable to get out, and Zhao Hai could clearly feel that their auras were getting weaker. He believed that it wouldn't take long to kill them. He was trapped in the formation talisman, so he was no longer in a hurry and just stood there quietly waiting.

Just like this, another half month passed. Zhao Hai had been sitting there with his eyes closed, as if he was a good monk in meditation, but suddenly his eyes opened, and then he turned to look at the curse rune. and the heaven and earth runes, as well as Fuxi and Nuwa who were trapped inside, because he could feel that Fuxi and Nuwa in the formation runes had lost their breath.

Just when Zhao Hai looked at the magic circle, the bodies of Fuxi and Nuwa in the magic circle suddenly began to become transparent. The two bodies separated, and Fuxi's translucent body was sucked into it by the runes of heaven and earth. But Nuwa's translucent body had been inhaled by cursed runes.

After they were completely sucked into the runes, the runes noticed some changes. They saw the two runes rotating rapidly. At the same time, golden light slowly emerged from the heaven and earth runes, and the curse runes In the middle, a black light emerged. The two rays of light intertwined in the air, and finally slowly became, you are in me, I am in you. Then the light flashed and disappeared. .

At the same time, Zhao Hai felt that there were two more powers in the body of the heaven and earth runes and curse runes in his body. Then, there was a slight change in his heaven and earth runes and curse runes. Zhao Hai didn't understand at first what kind of change it was. He immediately used his mental power to explore it. Soon the change entered Zhao Hai's mind, and as soon as Zhao Hai saw this Change, but stay.

There is a trace of analytical changes in his heaven and earth runes, as if a light brain has been added to his heaven and earth runes. This light brain can help him analyze all the magic formations and various changes in the formations. , because this is the rune of heaven and earth, the ancestor of all runes in the world, so he will never make mistakes in the analysis of magic formations and formation talismans, and the speed will be faster. The most important thing is that Zhao Hai discovered that he is now His understanding of the Bagua Array has deepened, and now he can almost produce the Bagua Array at will, just like Fuxi, and he also understands all the changes in the Bagua Array.

As for the curse runes, the same is true. He also has a little more analytical ability, but what he analyzes is those curses. He can analyze the changes in various curses, and then find ways to crack or strengthen them, because the curse runes He is the ancestor of the curses of heaven and earth, integrating all the curses between heaven and earth, so his analysis is error-free and faster, much faster than Zhao Hai's analysis with his own biological brain.

The most important thing is that he can now use the Cursed Earth Giant and the Cursed Stone Giant. These Earth Giants and Stone Giants are similar to the Earth Giants and Stone Giants that Zhao Hai saw before and fought against the bloody disciples. But the power is even greater, because the earth giant and stone giant have all added the power of curse, making them very powerful.

Such a change really surprised Zhao Hai, but it also made him very happy. Don't underestimate this analytical ability. Although this analytical ability can only be used on magic circles, talismans and curses, for Zhao Hai But it is very important. If Zhao Hai saw a magic circle before, if he had never seen it before, he would still need to conduct a test to see some energy changes of the magic circle, and then analyze it slowly, so that he could know this. The magic circle works. The same goes for curses. When he sees a new curse, he has to test it out to know how it works and to find a way to break it.

But now there is no need for it. Now if he encounters a magic circle or a curse, he can directly input this magic circle or curse into his own heaven and earth runes and curse runes, and then the heaven and earth runes Wen and curse runes will be able to analyze by themselves what the magic circle does, what role this curse has, and how to break it, which is very convenient.

After understanding his situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel even more happy. It would be more convenient for him to study magic circles or curses in the future. At the same time, Zhao Hai also paid attention. He found that these two energies seemed to be similar. Combined with his physical form, his energy array incarnation, and his external incarnation, his physical form also has such abilities, and the energy array incarnation also has such abilities. This is really It's very surprising.

But Zhao Hai also knows that now is not the time to understand this matter too deeply. He still has a lot of things to do, because Wen Wenhai and the others have flown out of the Blood Killing Sect's base and have arrived at his Next to him, Zhao Hai also fell to the ground at this time. On the ground here, just like the previous place, there was a statue. This statue was a half-human, half-snake statue. This statue looked like Nuwa. It is the same sculpture of a female snake-man, but her hair is also made of snakes, her lower body is also a snake, and there is a snake wrapped around her body. The statue looks very weird.

Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of the statue, then turned to look at the side of the statue. Next to the statue, there was a space passage. When he saw the space passage, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, turned to Wen Wenhai and said: " Okay, you guys go back and make good preparations. After taking up all the interfaces on this level, we need to rest for a while and then attack the next interface. Let’s go.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. They knew very well that the most important thing now was to occupy this layer of the interface, and then take a good rest, and combine the things they got on this layer and the things they upgraded themselves. After everything has been improved, we can then think about attacking another interface.

As soon as Wen Wenhai and the others left, Zhao Hai thought, and Xuanwu Island appeared in this space. Just when Xuanwu Island just appeared in this space, the Five Elements Killing Dragon seemed to have seen something good. Likewise, he let out a long roar, then moved and rushed towards Xuanwu Island.

Although Zhao Hai didn't quite understand what he meant, he could feel that he had no hostility towards Xuanwu Island, so he didn't care. He just wanted to see what the Five Elements Killing Dragon wanted to do. Soon he knew it, and saw the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon flying directly to Xuanwu Island, and then landed directly on the back of Xuanwu Island and disappeared. After he disappeared, on the back of Xuanwu Island, A relief sculpture of a giant dragon appeared unexpectedly. This giant dragon was coiled on the back of Xuanwu Island, with its teeth and claws showing.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then he focused his attention on Xuanwu Island, and immediately discovered that there was already a five-element killer shield on Xuanwu Island, but the giant dragon seemed to be on the back of Xuanwu Island. He was resting, and he was still absorbing the energy around him, making himself bigger bit by bit.

This made Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. He didn't care. He just turned his head and glanced at the statue of Namohuluka. Although this statue of Mohuluka was a little different from what he saw, it wasn't ugly at all. He I will definitely consecrate this Buddha statue and see what kind of reaction this interface has.

Standing in front of the Buddha statue, he recited the scriptures softly. As the scriptures were spoken, a huge Buddha seal slowly appeared in the sky. From the Buddha seal, bursts of golden light emerged, and then the golden light directly Covered on the Buddha statue, after the Buddha statue absorbed the Buddha's power, the trace of black mist on its body slowly disappeared. Then the Buddha statue began to slowly grow larger, and finally became a thousand feet in size. Only then After stopping, this statue, which has always been associated with snakes, seemed to have a hint of holy light, which was really surprising.

Snakes have always given people a very cold feeling, but the person on this statue is not only half human and half snake, but also has a snake on his body, but he gives people a sense of maternal glory, which makes people feel Incomparably holy, as if seeing Nuwa, but the feeling is not that strong.

After Zhao Hai stopped reading the scriptures, a huge Buddha seal appeared on the Buddha statue, and then a golden light shot up into the sky. Then the entire interface was illuminated by this golden light. Wen Wenhai and the others even Hearing the sound of instructing scriptures, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were working outside stopped, and then sat cross-legged and quietly accepted the baptism of the Buddha's light. The most pious among them was Fajing. Sitting there with a pious look on his face, his eyes closed, his whole body seemed to be immersed in the sound of the sutra, and bursts of golden light had already emitted from his body, making his whole person look extremely sacred.