c7136 grade

When Zhao Hai heard Yao Jianhao say that he had recruited one hundred thousand disciples at one time, he was actually very surprised. He had never thought that Blood Killer could recruit one hundred thousand disciples at once, and three thousand of them were peripheral members of the Blood Killer Sect. Disciple, although the outer disciples may sound unpleasant to call, they are actually considered disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They can also enjoy some of the benefits that the Blood Killing Sect disciples can enjoy. There are three thousand people this time. This is really This made Zhao Hai a little surprised.

In the past, when he accepted disciples at the Black and White Battlefield, he always had to kill a group of people. The number of people killed was definitely more than the number of people accepted. Moreover, most of the people accepted into the sect were dead soldiers, and there were no peripheral disciples. A few, he really wanted to know how Yao Jianhao did it, so Zhao Hai looked at Yao Jianhao and said: "Uncle Yao, how did you do it? It's really amazing, you actually accepted so many disciples at one time, It’s amazing.”

Yao Jianhao smiled and said: "Actually, it's nothing. We will contact all those who have just ascended, tell them about the situation on the Black and White battlefield, and invite them to join the Blood Killing Sect, but they will join the Blood Killing Sect in the first place. The Killing Sect has no identity, and will only give them some of the most basic training methods. When they are successful in practicing, they can join the Blood Killing Sect and become the dead warriors of the Blood Killing Sect, and in their case In the process of training to become dead warriors, their character is also tested. If there are no problems, they will become dead warriors. If there are problems, they will go crazy and die. Those who are not willing to join the blood It would be even easier for those who kill the clan. They will also die and disappear without a trace. Don’t forget that there is a divine light on the black and white battlefield. Once the divine light passes, who can still find it? them."

At this point, Yao Jianhao paused for a moment, and then said: "After they become the dead soldiers of the Blood Killing Sect, they will still be put to some tests, and they will even be told that they must have restrictions on their bodies. Okay, if they dare to betray the Blood Killing Sect, then as long as the ban is activated, they will definitely die. Only by accepting such conditions can they become the dead warriors of the Blood Killing Sect. After some tests, as long as their strength is enough, they can They can be allowed to join the Blood Killing Sect, and the test for their territory is actually very simple. In the real illusion, as long as the real illusion array in their room is activated, they will enter the real illusion, where we You can test them however you want, and then select some people from these people for key training, so that these people who are key training can become the peripheral disciples of our Blood Killing Sect, and those who have not passed the test People can only be dead soldiers, and slowly let them become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If that doesn't work, they can only become servants. Didn't you say, Sect Master, that in the future, in our sect? All the masters will have their own inner space. At that time, there will be no one in those inner spaces. Just let these people go to the inner space. I think there will be no problem."

Zhao Hai had to say that Yao Jianhao's method was really good. Not only could he get some disciples who were loyal to the Blood Killing Sect, but also had good qualifications, it would also prepare people for the inner space of the Blood Killing Sect masters in the future. , it can be said that it kills two birds with one stone. Zhao Hai had been having a headache about this matter before, but he did not expect that it would be solved like this now.

Zhao Hai looked at Yao Jianhao happily and said: "Uncle Yao, it seems that I did the right thing when I asked you to do this. This matter is very important to our Blood Killing Sect, so I leave it all to you." Well, I have been worried before. After everyone has their inner space, we will find people to install people in their inner space. Now it’s okay. This matter has been solved. Okay, it’s really great. ”

Yao Jianhao also smiled and said: "To be honest, I actually quite like doing this. Seeing the joy of those guys who just ascended, I will be very happy. After seeing them know the truth of the matter, everyone will Various reactions, this is actually a process of observing people's hearts. Don't forget, I don't hold the position of the head of the Blood Killing Sect's Law Enforcement Hall. This is very important for the cultivation of my state of mind, my perspective on people, and my ability to see people. All the jobs in the Law Enforcement Hall are very beneficial, so I actually like this job very much.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he saluted Yao Jianhao and said: "Thank you so much, Uncle Yao. I know you have done a lot for the sect master, but I will not be polite to you. You also know that the sect's current Situation, take down all the interfaces I guessed, and use these interfaces to train troops. When we leave from here in the future, we will face the sects of Wanshan Realm and the real Shadow Clan. We have a large army, so we need to do a lot of things now, and you are the only one who is most suitable for this matter, so I really have to trouble you, Uncle Master."

Yao Jianhao waved his hand and said: "Sect Master, you are welcome. I have said it before. I really like this job. Contributing to the sect is something that each of us must do. Sect Master, you don't have to worry about it. This time, I am the disciple." They have all been brought. Sect Master, you can just make some arrangements. Those peripheral disciples can be given the treatment of the sect, but that dead soldier is absolutely not allowed. They can only have the treatment of a dead soldier until they come later. In order to give the disciples the treatment they deserve after they become disciples of the sect, we must not allow all disciples to be treated the same, as that will cause dissatisfaction among everyone."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I know this. In addition to getting some skills and some magic weapons, the dead warriors don't get much material, let alone the incarnations. Even if They are peripheral disciples, and they cannot obtain external incarnations. They can obtain magic weapons, techniques, and the ability to transform into the undead clan, but if they want to obtain biological seeds, they must become outer disciples. , and after becoming formal disciples, they will get external incarnations, energy array incarnations and other things. Only when they become true disciples or core disciples will they get the best treatment and even get personal guidance from me. "

Yao Jianhao nodded and said: "Okay, it's very good for the sect master to do this. Now our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all old people who have experienced an ascension with us. We have nothing to worry about them. What kind of things are we going to give them?" There will be no problem with their treatment, because they know very well that no matter which sect or force they join, they will never have the same treatment as our Blood Killing Sect, but these people who have just joined our Blood Killing Sect You must give them a goal to strive for. If you don't let them have such a goal and give them the best when they come up, then they will probably have other ideas in the future. People always have endless desires, even if The same is true for monks. They have just ascended, and their originally strong minds have been shaken a little after their ascension. It is also because of this that they have various performances, and some even fail to recover, so During this period of time, we must control their mental changes, otherwise something will happen."

Zhao Hai nodded. He knew very well that what Yao Jianhao said was very reasonable. For a sect, if you come up and give the best to those people, those people will inevitably have other ideas and they will not believe in themselves. What you get is the best. They will only think that you have hidden better things, so they will want better things. If you don't give it to them, they will think that you look down on them, which will in turn give birth to something better. When resentment arises, this is what it means to be gracious and grudge to be grudged, so Zhao Hai fully agreed with Yao Jianhao's words.

Yao Jianhao said solemnly: "Recently, because I am recruiting new disciples, I have done some research on the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect. I found that the current level of disciples of our Blood Killing Sect is actually a bit confusing, because everyone is We have been together for too long, and we have also experienced life and death, so in terms of level, it is not very important. This is a good thing for our Blood Killing Sect, but it is also not a good thing, because in this way, There will be some problems in management. I think we can re-classify our Blood Killing Sect disciples. However, this time the classification will no longer start from the peripheral disciples, because now our Blood Killing Sect’s disciples are divided into different levels. Disciples, except for those who have just ascended, no one can be classified as peripheral disciples. We can start from the formal disciples and start to divide them into formal disciples, true disciples, core disciples, elders, and steward elders. Branch elders, core elders, and then the sect leader. After this division, all disciples will have a clear positioning of their identities. In the future, everyone will have a clear understanding of their identities, whether in terms of management or treatment. There won’t be any problems.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said: "Such a division seems to have some problems, because we have actually admitted a lot of people in the black and white battlefield. This is also a problem. I think those newly admitted disciples , we can make them peripheral disciples, outer disciples, or registered disciples, which is better. And those disciples who follow us and ascend from the lower world, although they can all become formal disciples, their treatment must also be There must be a clear division. Although they are all formal disciples, they must be treated differently. We can divide the disciples of each level into upper, middle and lower grades. If they have made great contributions to the sect, but If they are not strong enough, we don’t have to raise their level, but we can give them some other rewards, such as giving them some medals. These medals will give them better treatment and help them have some high-level disciples. Privileges, but there are some differences from high-level disciples, so if we divide them like this, it should be more beneficial to the entire sect."

When Yao Jianhao heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but clapped his hands and said: "Okay, what the sect master said is great. I also think this is better. Then this matter is settled. I think we can have a meeting for a while. Everyone Let’s discuss it together, and if no one objects, it can be implemented.”