c7137 Start adjusting

Wen Wenhai came to the hall all at once. They didn't quite understand. There was nothing going on in the sect now. Everyone was doing their own thing. Why did Zhao Hai gather everyone into the hall at once? Is something happening? Although they were puzzled, everyone still came to the main hall and wanted to hear what else happened.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "I'm calling everyone here this time. I have two things to tell you. The first thing is that our Blood Killing Sect finally... Another new person has joined. This time there are 100,000 people joining our Blood Killing Sect, 3,000 of them are peripheral disciples, and the rest are all dead soldiers. All of these people have ascended from the lower world. They were recently recruited by Master Uncle Yao. Yes, they have all passed the test, but those dead soldiers must be kept a close eye on, because they joined the sect, but they did not perform very well in the second test."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. They didn't expect that Zhao Hai was talking about this matter. It was a good thing for them that new people could join the Blood Killing Sect, but they would soon One hundred thousand people joined, which was a bit surprising to them, and most of them were dead soldiers, which surprised them even more. It can be said that this is the largest ratio of dead soldiers to peripheral disciples among those who joined the Blood Killing Sect. once.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Let Master Yao tell you carefully why he wants to accept these disciples this time." After saying that, Zhao Hai turned to look at Yao Jianhao, he wanted Yao Jianhao to follow these people Make it clear, only in this way will people like them know Yao Jianhao's painstaking efforts.

Yao Jianhao also understood what Zhao Hai meant, and he was a little moved in his heart, but he quickly calmed down his emotions and spoke out his inner thoughts, mainly emphasizing that those dead soldiers could be turned into servants after the war. Yes, they can enter the inner space that we have built ourselves. This is all for everyone’s benefit.

Wen Wenhai and the others were a little surprised when they heard Yao Jianhao's words. They really didn't expect that Yao Jianhao was preparing for something so far away. At the same time, they were also a little moved in their hearts. No matter what Yao Jianhao thought, Zhao Hai There was no objection, which was enough to show Zhao Hai's attitude on this matter. To be honest, they were very surprised.

Allowing a master to have his own inner space means that he can go out independently. If someone really has other thoughts, then he can completely leave the Blood Killing Sect, which is a very big deal for the Blood Killing Sect. Such a huge loss, it really surprised them that Zhao Hai could make such a decision.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and then said: "I have said before that if you really have the ability to have your own inner space in the future, I will not object and will provide you with materials and help. You are refining the inner space, but there was a problem before that was the population problem. Now this problem seems to have been solved, so you don’t have to worry about anything. You can rest assured. I won’t blame you for this. of."

Then Zhao Hai looked at the crowd and said: "The second thing I remembered when discussing with Uncle Yao was to reclassify the levels of our Blood Killing Sect disciples. Now our Blood Killing Sect disciples The levels are divided rather confusingly, because everyone has experienced a lot of death together and trusts each other very much. The status level is not very important, but it is not good for the management of our Blood Killing Sect, so I think We need to reclassify the status levels of our Blood Killing Sect disciples, what do you think?"

Zhao Hai is still a little worried that Wen Wenhai and the others will object, because if Wen Wenhai and the others object, there will be some problems in reclassifying the disciples. After all, the Blood Killing Sect was all managed by Wen Wenhai and the others. , they are more familiar with the management situation of the Blood Kill Sect. Once the levels are reclassified, it will have a certain impact on the management of the Blood Kill Sect, so Wen Wenhai's opinions are very important.

But when Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all nodded. Wen Wenhai said: "We have also discovered this problem, and we are looking for an opportunity to tell you about this matter, the sect leader. Now we will kill each other with blood. The levels of sect disciples should indeed be re-divided, otherwise it will be really inconvenient to manage them."

Bai Yan even said: "Yes, not only is it inconvenient to manage, but during the battle before, after we formed the battle formation, this command system actually had many problems. Because of the confusion of disciple levels, when commanding , there will also be some problems, and in the end there is no way but to appoint some temporary positions. I think it is very necessary to re-divide the levels, which will also be very beneficial to our future command of the battle formation."

Zhao Hai really didn't expect that everyone would react like this, but when he heard everyone say this, Zhao Hai was relieved. As long as everyone doesn't object, then the matter of reclassifying the levels will be very simple. I believe it Other disciples in the Blood Killing Sect would not object.

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "It is indeed time to re-divide the levels. Now some disciples are unable to improve their strength and they have put their minds elsewhere. We can re-divide the levels while dividing the levels." I think it would be better to adjust their work positions and transfer them to different branches. Moreover, it is best to redistribute the disciples in each courtyard, because these disciples, who live in the same courtyard, may The cultivation levels are the same, but the techniques they learned are different, and the weapons they use are also different. When our team gathers, it will take longer, because to form a battle formation, we must have similar cultivation levels and use them. People with the same weapon are assigned to a small team. If we can gather such people in the same yard in advance, it will not only facilitate management, but also make it easier to form a battle formation. The most important thing is, They can also communicate with each other, which will also be very beneficial to their future practice."

Zhao Hai listened to everyone's words and kept nodding. After Chang Jun finished speaking, he said: "Okay, as long as everyone agrees, then the matter is settled. If there are no opinions, everyone will go and prepare." Well, let me tell you about the levels we divide first. The old people of our Blood Killing Sect who ascended from the lower world are all classified as formal disciples. The disciples of each level are divided into three levels: upper, middle and lower. For example, formal disciple level one, formal disciple level two, and formal disciple level three. If we divide it into upper, middle, and lower levels, there will be some problems and it will make the disciples uncomfortable, so we use one, two, and three. Instead, the first level is equal to the upper level, the second level is the middle level, the third level is the lower level, then there are the true disciples, the core disciples, and then there are the elders, divided into elders, steward elders, branch elders, core elders, you guys. All people can become branch elders and core elders. The branch elders are the elders who are in charge of each branch. The core elders refer to the elders in the headquarters. Their identities are similar. Some disciples have served for the sect. Great merit, but his strength is not very strong, so he cannot become a true disciple or a core disciple. But starting from today, we will cast medals. The disciples who get the medals can enjoy the benefits of being a true disciple or a core disciple. , but the identity is still a formal disciple, so it can be divided. We will divide it according to this method. After you go back, you must make a very detailed statistics to see how many disciples there are at each level. And in black and white The people collected from the battlefield must also be re-divided into different levels. They can start from peripheral disciples, peripheral disciples, outer disciples, and registered disciples. They don’t need to be divided into three levels. How about that? No problem, right?" Zhao Hai told Wen Wenhai and the others all the things he had discussed with Yao Jianhao.

Wen Wenhai and the others immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and they all nodded. There was nothing wrong with this division. They had no objections, so naturally no one would object. Even Baiyan and the others had no objections. They These people joined the Blood Killing Sect later, and to be honest, their training speed is indeed not as fast as the Blood Killing Sect's disciples, so it makes sense to let them be divided from the peripheral disciples.

Of course, Baiyan and the others are not in this case. Baiyan and the others now all have elders, and according to this level classification, they can at least become elders at the level of steward elders, which is one level higher than ordinary elders. They Any other comments?

As soon as he saw that everyone had no objections, Zhao Hai said: "Okay, if you don't have any objections, then go back and make preparations. Notify all the elders and get busy. The entire sect will be divided into grades, and the courtyard will be redistributed. Internally, we will make a major overhaul and then we will consider other things.”

Everyone responded, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and then they stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left. They had to go back and make preparations immediately. Otherwise, it would be impossible to complete this in a short time. Although they are not in a hurry about work, this time's level division is related to the entire Blood Killing Sect. All disciples will definitely focus on this matter. If it takes too long, they will be missed. He is practicing, so he must do it as soon as possible, otherwise Zhao Hai will not be satisfied.

At the same time, Zhao Hai had people accept those newly recruited by Yao Jianhao, but these people were all arranged to stay first. When the levels are divided this time, they will be re-divided. In the future, the dead will be divided together, and the disciples will be divided. To divide them together, there must be a clear difference.

Later, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect learned about this matter. This time the Blood Killing Sect conducted statistics, which was actually very convenient. All their statistics were done in the real illusion. This was not only convenient, but also very fast. Fast, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also know very well what level you should be in, because everyone's cultivation level is very detailed in the sect, and there is no need to think about opportunism, so the speed is naturally faster. Faster.