c7130 Great God

Time passed little by little, and the expansion of the Blood Killing Sect was quickly completed, but they did not attack immediately. They all knew very well that this last battle was the Shadow Clan's last chance to fight. , so they will definitely try their best in this battle, so at this time, the Blood Killing Sect must not take it lightly, otherwise it will be dangerous.

Just like Wen Wenhai said, after having overcome so many difficulties before, it would be unlucky to fail at this last hurdle. Therefore, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect has made complete preparations, which is exactly what happened. Because of this, they took longer to prepare. In order to prevent the enemy from attacking them actively, they did not even send out alien scouts.

It's been like this for half a month, and no enemy has come to attack them. This really surprised Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai called everyone from the Blood Killing Sect to the conference room at once, and then he looked at Everyone said: "It has been more than twenty days, almost a month, since the last time the sect leader took action against the two snakes that could turn into beauties. However, the enemy has not made any move. This makes me very sad." I don’t understand, but we were not prepared before, so in order not to disturb the enemy or cause the enemy to attack us before we were ready, we waited for so many days. Now we are all ready, but the enemy is still We have no intention of attacking at all, I think we can’t wait any longer, we have to take the initiative to attack, what do you think?”

Everyone nodded, rolled their eyes and said, "I also think we should take the initiative to attack. Even if we don't take the initiative to attack, we can first let the alien family go to check the situation and see what kind of reaction the enemy will have. We are here." Make corresponding responses. In any case, we can't wait here any longer. The entire snake world is about to be defeated by us, and only the last little bit of language is left. If we continue to do this If you wait any longer, it would be a bit unreasonable."

Everyone nodded, feeling that what he said was very reasonable. They really couldn't wait any longer. There was only a land less than ten thousand miles left in the Snake World. In such a place, how could we continue to wait? Do you want to wait like this? When they first arrived, the area they occupied was only about the same as the area occupied by the Shadow Clan now. At that time, they would all take the initiative to attack. It makes no sense to allow the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to exist now.

Wen Wenhai and others have already passed it. The area of ​​each interface here should not be less than five million square kilometers. Such an area is very large, but after all, this is a place used to train people, so the area Although it is very big, as long as they attack in one direction, they will always encounter enemies, and as long as they repel the enemies, they can get a large area, so they can take over the Snake World so quickly.

And now the enemies of the Snake World occupy a territory of almost 5,000 square kilometers, which is only equivalent to one thousandth of the total area of ​​the Snake World, and the remaining 999/1000 are all covered in blood. The Killing Sect has been taken over. In this case, the Blood Killing Sect naturally has no need to be afraid of those guys, so it is inevitable to take the initiative to attack.

Shun Li also spoke at this time: "I also think it's time for our alien clan to go and conduct reconnaissance. Our alien clan has some abilities of the Shadow Clan, and our current combat effectiveness is much better than before, so it is even more You should go and reconnoiter the enemy's situation, and then we can decide what to do."

Naturally, no one would object, and Wen Wenhai also nodded and said, "That's true. We should go and see what the enemy is doing. Could it be that we won't attack the rest of their land in the future?" Are you ready? Well, after you return this time, Shu Li, you will make arrangements immediately and send people to reconnoiter immediately. This time you can go deeper and see how the enemy reacts. "

Shu Li and Cang Ming both responded, and Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "Although the sect leader may still have to take action this time, everyone should be careful. I have seen everyone's performance these days. Everyone has been vigilant these days and has not relaxed. This is a kind of progress for us. I hope everyone will keep it up in the future. We, the Blood Killing Sect, still have a long way to go. From here on After we go out, we may have to face at least five such spaces, and the enemies in the remaining spaces may be stronger than the snake tribesmen we encountered. We don’t know what the enemies we will face will be. I don’t know what they are like, and I don’t know what methods they have. In other words, we may encounter some extremely powerful enemy aircraft in the future, and we will also have to fight whenever we encounter them, so everyone must be prepared. That’s all.”

Everyone nodded, and then Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's take action. I really want to see if there is anything else in the last small area of ​​​​Snake World City." Everyone responded. , then saluted him, then turned and left.

Shun Li and Cang Ming returned to their rooms and immediately released all the aliens and Zerg who couldn't wait. Of course, the aliens and Zerg did not forget to bring the projection array on their bodies, and Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun was waiting in the room for the projection sent back by the alien.

Soon the projection sent back by the alien had arrived at the headquarters. Both of them looked at the projection and saw that the projection was moving very fast. At the same time, they could also see many aliens in the projection. When they saw this situation , Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun were shocked. They really wanted to know what was left of the Shadow Clan.

Soon the Alien Clan had arrived outside the Shadow Clan's Law Power. They paused for a moment, and then directly entered the Shadow Clan's Law Power. But just when the Alien Clan entered the Shadow Clan's Law Power Suddenly, the power of the law of the Shadow Clan began to shrink rapidly, as if it was being sucked in by something, and it continued to gather in the middle.

As soon as they saw this situation, the aliens stopped there, but Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun's expressions changed. They clearly remembered that the last time they encountered such a thing, in the sonic interface There, the people guarding the gate used this trick to combine with the laws of heaven and earth of the Shadow Clan and gain immortality. Could it be that they would encounter such a person here again?

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai's expression changed, and then he immediately took out the communication array and said loudly: "Shen Li, let those aliens come back quickly, quickly." Wen Wenhai knew very well that if he encountered another alien this time, If you meet the kind of people at the sonic interface, then there is absolutely no way that the alien can be your opponent.

As soon as Wen Wenhai's words came out, he saw that the aliens had begun to run back. Their speed was very fast, and they had returned to the base of the Blood Killing Sect in the blink of an eye. At this time, the Shadow Clan's laws The force has also shrunk back to the middle position, and slowly converged into two figures in the middle position. The two figures became more and more clear. When the two figures were completely revealed, the Blood Killing Sect Everyone stayed there.

I saw two tall figures standing there, each about a hundred feet tall. It was obvious that they were a man and a woman. They were both half-human and half-snake creatures. The man among them was very majestic. He has messy hair and a beard on his face. He is not very handsome. On the contrary, he looks very ugly. He is bare-chested, revealing extremely strong muscles. You can tell at a glance that he is a powerful man. He is a senior, and his lower body has a snake tail, but his whole person has a very quiet and intelligent feeling.

When the two temperaments of bravery and quietness are combined in one person, it usually gives people a very strange feeling, just like a black bear reading a book. It always gives people the feeling of pretending, but these two The temperament is concentrated on this person, but there is no such feeling. On the contrary, these two temperaments are perfectly combined in that person. When people see him, they may be attracted by his majestic figure at first sight. You are attracted by him, but you will soon be attracted by his elegant temperament. You will soon forget his figure and only regard him as a learned man.

And that woman is even more amazing. Her hair is also very long, but it is draped casually behind her back. Her upper body is wearing a very simple linen garment, and her lower body is also a snake tail. She is very beautiful, but the most attractive thing is , but she still has the brilliance of motherhood in her.

When everyone first saw her, the first thing they felt was that they saw their mother, because the maternal feeling in her body was really too strong. Every feeling she gave people was that of her mother, so she was so bloody. When the Zong people saw such a strange combination of two people, they all stayed there.

Just when everyone was at a loss, they suddenly discovered that Zhao Hai's figure appeared in the projection. Now the reason why the people of the Blood Killing Sect can still see the projection is because when the aliens retreated, they left the projection arrays they brought with them there, so the people of the Blood Killing Sect can still see the projection in the projection. Only after seeing the situation there did you see those two people, and only then did you see Zhao Hai at this time.

Zhao Hai's face didn't look good. He never thought that these two would be the ones who appeared here in the end. Yes, only these two great gods are qualified to become the gatekeepers here in the Snake World. These two who is it? I think many people have already guessed, yes, these two are the two great gods Fuxi and Nuwa.

The two great gods Fuxi and Nuwa are called the ancestors of humanities and the ancestors of all kings. Empress Nuwa is even said to be the creator of gods. And the great god Fuxi not only established laws, but also invented the Eight Diagrams and the Eight Diagrams. With the harp and other musical instruments, he can be said to be the absolute ancestor of humanities.

Zhao Hai did not expect at first that these two great gods would come to guard the last hurdle of the snake world, but now these two appeared. This was reasonable and unexpected, and at the same time, Zhao Hai Hai was very angry. You must know that these two were initially considered to be the ancestors of China. The two recognized ancestors of all Chinese children were now put here to guard the gates. How could he not be angry?