c7139 No space

In addition to these, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also practiced the energy beast battle formation. This kind of practice is very important. At the very least, the battle formation commanders must learn to command the 100 million Blood Killing Sect disciples to form a battle formation. , and those who come from Shenji Hall must learn how to use at least 200 million people to set up battle formations.

In addition, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are consuming some of the things they have learned before, so the entire Blood Killing Sect has been very busy this year. Everyone is very busy, doing their own things, trying desperately to increase their In terms of strength, coupled with the preaching of Zhao Hai and the others, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have greatly improved in strength in this year.

A year later, Zhao Hai also felt that the upgrade of the sect was almost complete, so he called all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect into the main hall. Because of the level division this time, there were only more than a hundred core elders. People, although there are a lot of branch elders, those who can come for a meeting are all heads of each branch, that is, they have to reach the level of being famous, so the number of people is not very large, only more than a hundred People, less than two hundred people.

After everyone arrived, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said: "Everyone, our Blood Killing Sect has done a lot of things in this year, and the Blood Killing Sect has been in a stable development period. The strength of the disciples has also improved to a certain extent, which is also a good thing for us, but I think that after one year, we have almost had enough rest, and we can move on to the next step, what do you think?"

Everyone understood what Zhao Hai meant, and they all nodded. Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Actually, we can't wait for a long time. Boss, are you ready to attack the next interface? It should have been done a long time ago. This year Although everyone has been practicing for a long time, they always feel that something is missing."

When everyone heard what he said, they all chuckled. Zhao Hai also smiled slightly, and then said: "Yes, we can proceed to the next step. What the next interface will be like, we don't know yet, that space The passage is still sealed, it’s time for us to take a look, what do you think?”

Chang Jun said: "Sect Master, I actually think that we have underestimated the puppet disciples too much before. The strength of those puppet disciples is actually very strong, and it will be more convenient for them to move. I think they are the only ones who He is the most suitable candidate for scout, what do you think?"

When Chang Jun said this, Zhao Hai was stunned. Then he thought for a while, then nodded and said: "This is true. If those scouts are allowed to enter that world, ordinary people will really find out. I don’t know them and don’t know they are living creatures, but they can move freely there, which is a good thing.”

Chang Jun nodded and said: "When Pingjin and we fight against the Shadow Clan, there is no problem in letting the Alien Clan serve as scouts. It can even be said to be the most suitable. But for a reconnaissance like this, let the puppet disciples go there." , I think it is the most suitable. Not only are they not easy to be discovered, but they can also set up teleportation arrays or even small bases there, so that we will have a base there, which will be important for our next move. There are benefits too.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "So what you mean is that this time there is no need to use the projection ball to explore the interface, and the puppet disciples can go directly. Now every puppet disciple of our Blood Killing Sect, It’s all possible, they can form a small base by themselves, and their combat effectiveness is very strong, so it’s appropriate for them to go there.”

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, I also think that it is most appropriate to let them go, do you think, Sect Master?" Chang Jun has always felt that puppet disciples are of great use, especially after Ding Chunming's guidance, now those The puppet disciples can all turn into giants with a height of about ten feet. When necessary, they can also make their height reach about twenty feet. However, they cannot maintain this form for too long. At most, they can only Hold on for about an hour, otherwise they will not be able to bear it. After all, they are not very skilled yet, and I believe they will improve more in the future.

And these puppet disciples have such abilities, it would be a pity if they are not allowed to use them. These puppet disciples can form a small base by themselves, or a small base that can accommodate a thousand people, and there are even There will be energy weapons and five-element killing formations. These have all been tested. It is precisely because of this that Chang Jun became. These puppet disciples are definitely the most suitable scouts, because in addition to having a trace of soul energy and Apart from the energy of the magic circle, there is no breath of living people. Most people really don't know that they are actually a kind of intelligent creatures, so that others will not be too wary of them. They go to spy on the new interface. It couldn't be more appropriate.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, then this matter is settled. You can arrange it. This time it won't be like before. Everyone is gathered around. There is no need to let a few puppet warriors guard it." That's it. The number of people sent out has been increased to ten. After they receive the signal, they will transmit it directly to us, and we can just watch it here."

Chang Jun responded and stopped talking. Zhao Hai looked at the others and then said: "After you go back, make arrangements immediately. From today on, our Blood Killing Sect will enter the third level of combat readiness. , as long as the situation there is confirmed, it will not be too late to enter the first level of combat readiness."

The so-called first-level combat readiness and third-level combat readiness are a way of referring to war equipment within the Blood Killing Sect. Level one is the highest and level three is the lowest. Level three combat readiness is to inform the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect that recently There may be a war in the sect. Let everyone be mentally prepared and make some pre-war preparations. At the same time, the logistics department will also start working and start to reserve various strategic materials. The second-level combat readiness means that there will be a war for sure. happened, the sect began to mobilize, and strategic materials must be prepared with all their strength, and the first level of combat readiness means that everyone must be prepared and ready to fight at any time.

Now, because we have just started to prepare for reconnaissance of the new interface, we have only reached the third level of combat readiness, notifying the disciples to start preparations, and the sect began to prepare for war, but when the war will begin, it has not been decided yet, because the interface is not known yet. What is the situation, so level three combat readiness is enough.

After listening to Zhao Hai's words, everyone agreed, then stood up, bowed to Zhao Hai, turned around and left, but Zhao Hai did not leave, but just sat calmly in the hall. He knew that if Chang Jun and the others arranged Okay, I will definitely return to the main hall, there is no need to leave now.

After this readjustment, the entire work of the Blood Killing Sect has been arranged. Wen Wenhai and the other core elders have each taken on a lot of Zhao Hai's previous work, so Zhao Hai is much more relaxed now than before. The things he has to deal with are much less than before. In addition, he also has Laura to help, so Zhao Hai really has less control over the Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that he has slowly become the Blood Killing Sect. He is a spiritual leader, but he has done very little for actual work.

Sure enough, as Zhao Hai thought, it didn't take long for Wen Wenhai and the others to return to the main hall. When they saw Zhao Hai still there, they were a little surprised, but they didn't say anything. They bowed to Zhao Hai and sat down. After getting down, Zhao Hai looked at Chang Jun. Chang Jun immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, the arrangements have been made. Those puppet disciples have already started moving. I believe it won't take long for news to come. Please Sect Master, don’t worry.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Turn on the projection, let's wait for them here, come, serve tea." Following Zhao Hai's voice, several puppets came out immediately, and some The puppets turned on the projection in the room, and some puppets brought tea to everyone.

These puppets are just puppets, not puppet disciples. They do some simple tasks, but they cannot practice or fight against enemies. They cannot do tasks that are too complicated. Zhao Hai does not like to let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect come. There is really no need to serve them.

Tea was quickly served. Zhao Hai took a sip of tea and glanced at the projection array. He found that there was nothing in it, only the puppet disciples preparing for it, so he stopped looking and turned to Wen Wenhai and the others. He smiled and said: "You have made great progress this year, and your strength has increased a lot. This is a good thing. When you can really have your own space, I will get one for you." .”

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Forget it, boss, what are we doing with those things? The situation here in the sect is not bad now. We also have our own civilian space, and we can also receive the power of faith. Having our own space can also How about it, can it be better than now? Is there a Xuanwu space that can support us? So I think it’s really not necessary.”

Chang Jun and the others also nodded. To be honest, they were quite excited when they heard that they could have their own space at first, but slowly, after they calmed down completely, they found that it really was There is no need for that, now each of them can have their own power of faith, and no matter what they do, the sect is their greatest support, and the Xuanwu space is their space. In this case, they have to deal with it What does space do? Is it just to make your fighting power stronger? There's absolutely no need for that. Aren't their current incarnations better than ordinary spaces? They are not short of supplies either. For people at their level, why do they need such a space? If the sect can provide them with refining space, why can't they also provide them with other supplies?

And they think very clearly, if they really create a space by themselves, will you still have the nerve to get supplies from the sect in the future? What will other people in the sect think of you at that time? In other words, you have created a space of your own, which is equivalent to separating yourself from the sect. Although you may still stay in the sect, people in the sect will not regard you as a sect member. If you are a member of the sect, you are taking things from the sect, but that is not the case. This is definitely not worth the gain, and they will not do it.