c7138 Finish

Although the entire Blood Killing Sect is undergoing large-scale internal adjustments, there are a few places where there is no movement. One is the area where the aliens are located. They have a separate area. The second is the difference between the cavalry. No matter whether it is the Alien Cavalry, the Puppet Cavalry or the Orc Cavalry, they have not made adjustments. Even if they make adjustments, they are internal adjustments and will not participate in the overall major adjustment of the Blood Killing Sect.

The reason why the cavalry will not participate in the overall major adjustment is because they are elites. They usually have militarized management. If they are separated, it will affect their combat effectiveness. Therefore, the cavalry is We will not participate in this adjustment.

Shenji Hall did not participate in the adjustment. They can be regarded as their own group. However, this time Shenji Hall added some people to join. In the Blood Killing Sect, there have been people who have been studying magic circles or refining weapons these days. Those who performed well in the skills were all added to the Shenji Hall.

Except for them, everyone else has to participate in this adjustment. It can be said that the movement this time is very big, but because the Blood Killing Sect has done very well before, the training progress of each disciple has been improving. It is recorded, and the classification this time is also related to their strength, so it is not difficult to classify them. The difficulty lies in the redistribution of the courtyard and the issuance of medals.

The issuance of medals is a big deal for the Blood Killing Sect. If you have made great contributions to the sect, you can get the medal. This medal can give you a lot of benefits, even if you are a formal disciple. level, you can also get the benefits of true disciples or even core disciples, and this contribution can be multi-faceted. Sometimes, an idea may have a huge effect on the sect. This is considered to have made a great contribution, even It is a greater contribution than killing a hundred enemies. Although the Blood Killing Sect also has very detailed records in this regard, how to divide the levels is also a problem.

After final discussion, the medals were divided into three levels, that is, first level, second level and third level. The third level medal is for those who kill 100 enemies in battle, they can get the third level medal, officially. When a disciple gets a third-level medal, no matter which level you are a formal disciple, you can get the treatment of a true disciple at the third level. A true disciple can get the treatment of a core disciple at the third level, and a core disciple can get the same treatment as a second-level medal. Same, but those who killed five hundred enemies, or made special contributions to the sect, such as giving some ideas that benefited the sect, or inventing something, can improve the sect's strength to a certain extent. If you get it, you can get a second-level medal. The second-level medal allows formal disciples to get the second-level treatment of true disciples. True disciples can get the second-level treatment of core disciples. Core disciples can get the treatment of elders in charge, and kill a thousand enemies. Those above who have made significant contributions to the sect can receive first-level medals. First-level medals allow formal disciples to receive first-level treatment as true disciples, true disciples can receive first-level treatment as core disciples, and core disciples can receive Regarding the treatment of the branch deputy elders, if they are peripheral disciples, outer disciples or registered disciples, who have made great contributions to the sect, or have met the requirements for issuing medals, they can also be issued medals, and their The level of qualification can be the first, second or third level of a formal disciple. As for the elders, the same is true. If you meet the requirements, you can also get medals and your salary will be improved, up to the same as the core elders.

After this adjustment, the Blood Killing Sect has more than 330,000 dead soldiers, more than 1.38 billion peripheral disciples, more than 560 million outer disciples, and 330 million registered disciples. There are more than 53.87 billion formal disciples, more than 3.333 billion true disciples, more than 1.2 billion core disciples, and there are also special training disciples, one More than a thousand people. These people are carefully selected. They are strong and have special abilities. They are specially trained. The number is uncertain and may increase at any time. There are more than 1 billion or 80 million elders. There are 100 million elders in charge. There are more than 10 million people, branch elders, more than 100,000 people, and core elders, 137 people.

There are more than 300 million people who have received third-level medals, less than 100,000 people have received second-level medals, and only one person has received first-level medals. This person is Zhang Hongliang. His invention of blood gold, Foli metal, makes blood kill. Since then, Zong has lost his talent in metal, so he won the only first-class medal.

These people also include cavalry. Although the cavalry did not participate in the major adjustments, they still carried out the reclassification of levels, so this also includes them. Even the undead clan has many people among them. , after all, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will generally become the undead clan after dying in the first battle, and it is impossible for Zhao Hai to receive them all into the space.

This internal adjustment lasted for a full month before it ended. This was because everything in the Blood Killing Sect had been done very well before, and all the records were very complete, so this adjustment was announced so quickly. Otherwise, it would not have been possible to do it so quickly. After all, it is not an easy task for tens of billions of people to make such a large-scale adjustment.

Generally, sects have the most dead soldiers, followed by peripheral disciples, outer disciples and registered disciples, and then the disciples after formal disciples, but the Blood Killing Sect is different. The Blood Killing Sect ascends from the lower world as a whole. , so they have the fewest dead soldiers, peripheral disciples, outer disciples, and registered disciples. On the contrary, their number of formal disciples is the largest, which may be very unfair in the eyes of other sects. It's normal, but in the Blood Killing Sect, it's very normal. After all, the official disciples who have been killed by blood all ascended from the lower world with Zhao Hai. They go through life and death together. They are loyal to them and their strength is not weak. If they are even It doesn't make sense if you don't even become a formal disciple.

The most important adjustment this time is to re-divide the courtyard, and gather people with similar cultivation levels, different exercises, or the same weapon into one courtyard. This is the biggest adjustment. This is why we use The most important reason for spending so many days.

Fortunately, the Blood Killing Sect has always had a semi-military, semi-academic management method. Although this management method is very strict, it is very fast when making such adjustments, so the speed of the Blood Killing Sect is It was so fast. It took more than a month to completely adjust.

After the Blood Killing Sect had finished adjusting, training began. Led by Zhao Hai, all the masters in the sect would take time to personally preach to the Blood Killing Sect disciples in the real illusion and practice various practices. They will answer all the questions one by one. At the same time, Ding Chunming will also teach his disciples how to maintain strong combat effectiveness after Xueji's external incarnation becomes larger without having any impact on himself.

The whole blood killing process was very busy. At the same time, the upgrade system for the blood killing sect in the future was also formulated. In fact, it mainly depends on your strength. If your strength is not enough, then even if you have made great achievements, you will only be able to You can get medals, but you can't improve your level.

The improvement of level is not just as simple as the improvement of benefits. You can also communicate with people of the same level as you, and even have more opportunities to communicate with elders. This is very important for monks, because in this kind of During mutual exchanges, many things you may not understand may be solved.

This kind of training of the Blood Killing Sect has been going on for a whole year. For a year, the Blood Killing Sect has not done anything else. It has been training. The disciples are practicing and learning how to use the external incarnation and how to form a battle formation. , how to be suitable for fighting, these must be studied carefully.

And Shenjitang has been studying the Five Elements Killing Formation of the Blood Killing Sect this year. At the same time, they also need to study the defense issues in the base. This is their focus, and they must study these. That's all. In the end, they really got them to come up with a magic formation. This magic formation is divided into three layers. The outermost layer is the five-element killing formation, and the second layer is a protective formation. As for the third level, it is called the Refreshing Array by the people of the Blood Killing Sect.

What is refreshing the magic circle? In fact, it is very simple. It is an alternative way of using the Five Elements Ultimate Formation. This Five Elements Ultimate Formation does not always exist, but every once in a while, it will rise from the ground and reach the shield. It stops as soon as it reaches the top, as if the entire base is being refreshed.

This refreshing Five Elements Killing Formation not only has the ability to refresh, it can also detect whether there are other creatures in the base. All creatures without the aura of the Blood Killing Sect will be strangled by him immediately. If that If something is not among the five elements and yin and yang, or if it is guaranteed by the power of law, a warning will be detected and the location can be marked so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can find it and eliminate it as soon as possible.

In addition to these, there are countless magic formations in the base. In these magic formations, all energy beasts can be released. The combat power is very powerful. They can also deal with enemies entering the base. In this way, within the base of the Blood Killing Sect, defense, there will be no problem.

As for the attack outside the base, just leave it to the Blood Killing Castle, Mantianhuo, and energy beasts. Now there are many energy fires fixedly placed in the base. All of these Mantianhuo can automatically supply energy arrows. Yes, the power is not small, and the range of the current Mantianhuo also ranges from far to near, and there are all kinds, and the power is also very huge.

And energy weapons are not only energy beasts, they can also release energy bombs as before. This energy bomb is also a five-element killer energy bomb, and its power is not small. After it is fired, it is very powerful. This energy bomb is also similar to As before, you can shoot continuously, turn into energy beams, have chemical properties, and even create energy beasts. The range of these energy weapons installed in the base is actually not very far, even in the base. The energy beasts shot out will only reach a thousand miles away at most before dissipating, but this is already very good, because it means that everything within a thousand miles outside the base is within the attack range of the base.