c7133 trap the enemy

Soon, a small stone man appeared in her hand. This stone man looked very exquisite, glowing with colorful lights, wearing armor, and holding a long sword in his hand. Nuwa As if she was very satisfied with her work, she blew lightly at it, then tossed it casually, and the little stone man flew out of his hand, rising in the wind. In the blink of an eye, it turned out to be It has turned into a huge stone man nearly a hundred feet tall.

This huge stone man slowly opened his eyes and glanced around. Then he waved the Chang Ge that was nearly half taller than him. Each Ge was like the bloody battle of the Blood Killing Sect. Baoshang pecked at it, and as soon as he saw this situation, Blood Kill Battle Fort immediately stretched out countless tentacles and went straight to block Nage.

I heard a bang, and the tentacles stretched out from the Blood Killing Battle Fort were directly hit by the attack and flew back. Of course, the attack was also blocked. The stone man came to attack at a close distance. At this time, the tentacles of Blood Kill Battle Castle have not been raised yet. It seems that they cannot escape this time.

At this moment, a sudden sound was heard, and Chang Ge was held up. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect turned around and saw that a huge alien suddenly appeared in the Blood Killing Sect. Here, this alien is composed of countless small aliens. These aliens are all connected together and suddenly become a huge alien. However, the small aliens that make up this big alien all have their eyes closed, as if It's like falling asleep.

Upon seeing this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all stunned, but then they all smiled slightly. At this time, the second stone giant also appeared. This stone giant also held a Changge in his hand. As soon as he appeared, he immediately attacked another Blood Killing Battle Fort of the Blood Killing Sect.

At this moment, a small human figure suddenly appeared on the stone giant's attack line. This figure held two sledgehammers in his hands, and he blocked the stone giant's attack. However, although he blocked the attack, He received a blow from the stone giant, but he was also knocked upside down and smashed directly into the ground. He heard a loud bang and his whole body sank deeply into the ground. This person is no one else, he is Ding Chunming.

The stone giant didn't react at all. He pulled back the Chang Ge in his hand, and then attacked with another Ge. At this moment, he saw a loud roar suddenly coming from the big pit where Ding Chunming had fallen. Drink, and then there was a loud bang, and an extremely tall metal giant suddenly appeared in the battle formation of the Blood Killing Sect. This giant was no less tall than the stone giant. It was extremely huge. It was shining with silver, wearing a suit of armor, and holding two huge sledgehammers in its hands.

Because he appeared too suddenly, all the Blood Killing Sect disciples around him were pushed up by him, but those Blood Killing Sect disciples flew away directly, and then they saw the metal giant with both hands. The hammer was raised up, directly blocking the stone giant's strike. A bang was heard, and the two giants took a step back at the same time.

At this time, another stone giant appeared. Before the stone giant could attack, a person suddenly appeared in front of the stone giant. This person was wearing a robe, with big sleeves fluttering, and he couldn't tell. With a dash of grace, he could see his hands quickly forming seals, and then countless magical formations suddenly appeared on top of his head, and then he heard him shouting: "Change." Following his voice, those magical formations suddenly appeared. The formation suddenly merged together, and finally turned into a huge giant composed of an incomparable magic formation. As soon as this giant appeared, he immediately rushed towards the stone giant and hugged the stone giant in one fell swoop. He stopped and fell to the ground. He heard a bang and the ground shook. The two giants were on the ground, fighting each other, neither of them giving in.

But at this time, the fourth stone giant also appeared. As soon as he saw the appearance of this stone giant, someone from the Blood Killing Sect immediately stood up and was about to transform his own body into a giant to attack. When they were fighting against the enemy, they heard the roar of a tiger in the distance. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took a look, they saw a huge tiger rushing out of the Blood Killing Sect and rushing towards the stone giant. Come over and fight with the stone giant.

As soon as they saw the huge tiger, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately knew what was going on. You must know that in the Blood Killing Sect, there is a team of 100 million people, and they form an extremely huge team. The magic circle can release some huge energy beasts at any time. This energy beast has participated in the battle before, and now it comes again.

Stone giants appeared one after another, and giant beasts appeared one after another. Of course, there were also disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who turned themselves into huge metal men and came to meet the enemy. The two sides were fighting there with great joy. And the ordinary earth giants below were also fighting with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai has been fighting with Fu Xi. Fu Xi has thoroughly studied the Bagua array and made various changes at will. Zhao Hai is inferior to him in this aspect. In the beginning, Zhao Hai Hai only used the Bagua Array to fight him, but slowly he realized that if he only used the Bagua Array to deal with Fuxi, he would not be Fuxi's opponent at all, so he had to add some other changes to the array. This blocked Fuxi's attack.

To be honest, with Zhao Hai's strength, it is not easy to deal with Fuxi, but after such a long time, it is almost time to decide the winner. After all, he still has the runes of heaven and earth that he has not used, and Fuxi's Bagua array Although it is extremely exquisite, it is still incomparable to the runes of heaven and earth. The reason why Zhao Hai has not used the runes of heaven and earth is because he wants to learn more from Fuxi.

Fuxi's use of the Bagua Array was too subtle. Zhao Hai couldn't help but see Lie Xinxi, so he kept fighting with Fuxi. In fact, he just wanted to learn more about Fuxi's use of the Bagua Array. , because Fuxi was able to fight him for such a long time using only one set of Bagua array, which was already very remarkable.

But when he saw the fight between the disciples below, Zhao Hai knew very clearly that he could not continue like this. If this continued, the Blood Killing Sect might suffer a large number of casualties. Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but shout. He made a sound, then formed seals with his hands, and swung forward violently, and two huge formation talismans suddenly appeared between the heaven and the earth. These two formation talismans were the heaven and earth runes and the curse runes.

As soon as these two runes appeared, they immediately covered Fuxi and Nuwa. Before the two of them could react, they covered their bodies directly. Then the two runes began to rotate. Bursts of golden light emitted from the heaven and earth runes, while bursts of black light were found from the curse runes, covering Fuxi and Nuwa.

As soon as Fuxi and Nuwa saw this situation, Ma Shuo knew that he was in trouble. The Bagua arrays appeared on Fuxi's body. The Bagua arrays covered his body layer by layer, protecting him. Among them, the Bagua was confronting the golden light emerging from the runes of heaven and earth.

Nuwa, on the other hand, sprinkled the remaining stone water in Ma's hand directly around her body. The stone water emitted a radiant light, blocking the black light coming from the curse rune. At the same time, the two of them pinched the water in their hands. Using the magic formula, the two began to approach slowly, apparently wanting to get closer.

And with the actions of the two people, the earth giants on the ground disappeared directly. All the earth giants disappeared into the earth, as if they had never appeared, but the stone giants were filled with colorful lights. In a flash, he retreated directly to Nuwa's side and disappeared into the colorful light that protected Nuwa.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect suddenly had no opponents. They all stopped. The aliens had turned back into small aliens. Ding Chunming also changed back to his original appearance. Sheng Si also put away his magic circle. Giant, everyone looked at Zhao Hai who was still fighting in the sky with worried expressions.

Zhao Hai controlled the two runes. He didn't want the two runes to be close together. He was worried about what would happen if the two runes were close to each other. After all, these were Nuwa and Fuxi. He wanted the two runes to be close together. Being close together must be beneficial to them, so Zhao Hai didn't want the two of them to be close together.

But he found that he seemed to be unable to do it. The two people were still leaning towards each other slowly, which gave Zhao Hai an extremely headache. However, he had no choice but to try his best to prevent the two runes from letting go. But the two runes still moved closer together little by little.

Finally, the two runes touched each other. At that moment, Zhao Hai seemed to hear a bang. His body struggled to retreat, but the position of the two runes erupted with an incomparable blast. The huge air wave spread to all directions, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were blown away a lot. It seemed like it was just the aftermath and there was no danger.

When the air wave completely disappeared, everyone looked at the field, only to find that the field had completely changed. The two snake tails of Fuxi and Nuwa had been entangled together, and the two were closely leaning against each other. , under their feet were the curse runes, and the curse runes were constantly turning, and above their heads were the heaven and earth runes, and the heaven and earth runes were also constantly turning, and Fuxi and Nu Wa seems to be joining forces to fight against these two runes.

When he saw this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel relieved. As long as the heaven and earth runes and curse runes were not destroyed, he could use these two runes to slowly eliminate these two fake Fuxi and Nuwa, but it seems that if he wants to eliminate Fuxi and Nuwa, it will take a long time. After all, these two great gods are not that easy to deal with.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately said in a deep voice: "Wen Hai, take the disciples back to the base. You can't get involved in the battle here. Don't attack until it's over here." Wen Wenhai responded. , immediately gave the order, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect returned to the Blood Killing Sect. Although they were still very worried about Zhao Hai, they also knew very well that in the current battle here, they really couldn't help at all. If they can't get there, if something unexpected happens and they have to be rescued by Zhao Hai, they might as well go back to the base now. The Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon has also returned to the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle. , after he regained his freedom, he fought with those earth giants. Later, when the stone giants appeared, he dealt with two stone giants by himself. This time it was very exhausting, and he needed to take a rest.