c7132 Break the formation

But at this moment, the sound of Fuxi's piano changed. In this sound of his piano, there was a trace of majesty, a trace of etherealness, and a trace of grandeur. When the sound of the piano sounded, He saw a giant dragon suddenly flying out from his guqin. This giant dragon was very huge. Although it was not as good as the Five Elements Killing Dragon of the Blood Killing Sect, it was definitely not as big as Simple.

After the giant dragon fully appeared, everyone could see that the length of the giant dragon reached about a kilometer, and it looked very powerful. Then the giant dragon raised its head and let out a long roar, and then headed straight towards a Rubik's Cube of the Blood Slaughter Sect. The formation rushed over, and his speed was very fast. As soon as he moved here, he was already in front of the Blood Killing Sect's Rubik's Cube formation.

The Blood Killing Sect's Rubik's Cube Formation also reacted immediately. A huge energy giant tiger flew out directly from the Rubik's Cube Formation. Although this giant tiger was not as tall as the giant dragon, it should not be underestimated. Looking at the giant tiger, he immediately rushed towards the giant dragon and fought with the giant dragon. The strength of the energy giant tiger and the giant dragon seemed to be not much different, so the two sides were instantly , it should be difficult to tell the winner.

At this moment, giant dragons emerged from Fuxi's piano one after another. These giant dragons immediately entered the battle, and there were also energy beasts in the Rubik's Cube Formation of the Blood Killing Sect. Appearing and fighting with these giant dragons, the battle suddenly became extremely fierce.

Because there was no sound wave attack, the aliens came back to life. They still attacked the earth giants, and those earth giants kept attacking Zhao Hai's energy dragon, but now the energy dragon is not He had no power to fight back at all. Although his head was locked by the magic circle, his body was too big and there was still a long section of his body that could be moved. He kept swinging Tails, attacks those earth giants. As long as the earth giants he hits, they will be completely destroyed.

At this time, Tu Wa was still waving the willow branches, conjuring earth giants one after another. Fuxi was actually able to find eight seals while playing the piano, which were constantly covering the giant dragon. Going through the Bagua formations one after another, it seemed that he was preparing to completely lock up the dragon.

Zhao Hai was still fighting at this time, punching one by one, beating all the stone giants who were close to him into flying ash, but his eyes did not stop. He kept observing the Bagua formations. He had to Find out the weak points of the Bagua array and then destroy it.

Zhao Hai can be sure that these Bagua arrays are not ordinary Bagua arrays. Ordinary Bagua arrays do not seem to have such good effects, so there must be other changes in this Bagua array, but he wants to find out all the Bagua arrays. Changes are not an easy task. Now Zhao Hai wants to find out a change used in the Bagua array, and then he can destroy the Bagua array.

He was constantly calculating in his mind, wanting to see what kind of changes this Bagua array used, and how to break this array. As long as this array was broken, then he would be He won. He had never thought that Fuxi would use the Bagua Array to deal with him when he came up. But as long as he broke the Bagua Array, I believe that the Bagua Array could not trap him even if it was there. , and it is impossible for the enemy to use the Bagua array to deal with him.

Finally, half an hour later, Zhao Hai finally determined the array. This array is actually a variant of the Bagua Array. It contains some of the abilities of the Bagua Array and some of the abilities of the Eight-Gate Metal Array. These two energies Only when they are combined can such a great effect be achieved, otherwise it would be absolutely impossible to achieve such a great effect.

Now that the dragon's body is covered with magic circles, he can no longer move. Those earth giants are attacking the dragon's body. Fortunately, his body is not an entity, but an energy body. Although he was attacked, But as long as the energy does not dissipate, there will be no problem with this giant dragon, so it has not been killed so far.

However, Zhao Hai couldn't wait any longer. He shouted loudly and was about to punch an earth giant with one punch. Then he turned back and extended a finger with his backhand, inserting it right into a hexagram position in the Bagua array. This was very sudden. , his fingers still carried huge energy, but this time they were directly inserted into the hexagram positions of the Bagua array. The light on the Bagua array flashed fiercely, and then the Bagua array disappeared directly.

However, it was not just one Bagua formation that trapped Zhao Hai, but several Bagua formations. Zhao Hai did not stop either. He was still breaking through the Bagua formations one by one. In the blink of an eye, the ones that trapped him were All the Bagua arrays were destroyed by him, and then Zhao Hai's figure shrank very quickly and turned into his normal height. Then he flew up directly, and then a long weapon suddenly appeared in Zhao Hai's hand. Knife, as he shouted: "Bloody wind!"

Following Zhao Hai's movements, he disappeared directly, but a huge, blood-red cloud appeared in the sky, and then countless blood rain fell from the sky, falling directly to the ground, and then As the blood rain fell, all the Bagua formations that had been hit by the blood rain disappeared. The giant dragon was free, and the Blood Killing Battle Fort was also free. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cheered for a while. .

At this time, Fuxi also noticed Zhao Hai's movements. He couldn't help but move his hands, and the sound of his piano was changing. Then he shouted: "Wind!" Following his voice, a huge wind suddenly rose between heaven and earth. , the wind was so fierce that the blood rain in the sky stopped immediately.

However, the wind came and went very quickly. Soon the wind stopped, and Zhao Hai's figure also appeared in the sky. He stood there with a calm face, and the long knife in his hand was gone. , the two of them looked at Fuxi, and Fuxi was also looking at him, and they just looked at each other from a distance.

After a while, Fuxi played the guqin in his hand and said loudly: "Thunder!" Following his voice, a thick lightning suddenly appeared in the sky and struck straight at Zhao Hai. The speed of lightning was of course Extremely fast, this lightning appeared on top of Zhao Hai's head almost instantly. Zhao Hai obviously had no time to dodge.

"Earth!" A calm and steady voice suddenly came out, and then a bang was heard, and the lightning struck Zhao Hai's body, but Zhao Hai did not move at all, as if it had been there for ten thousand years. Like the motionless earth, Zhao Hai used the ground move to block the opponent's thunder attack.

The two of them were fighting using the most basic methods of the Bagua. The eight most basic hexagrams of the Bagua represent the eight methods of heaven, earth, wind and thunder, water, volcanoes and swamps, and these eight methods can be combined into countless methods. Formation, but the most basic methods are these eight. These eight methods are very powerful. Fuxi used thunder to deal with Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai used the ground to block it.

Fuxi obviously didn't expect that Zhao Hai would use the Eight Diagrams method to deal with him, so he seemed slightly stunned. At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly shouted: "Ze." Zhao Hai also became interested, he I really want to see how strong this fake Fuxi is in using Bagua.

As soon as Fuxi saw that Zhao Hai was using the Eight Diagrams method to deal with him, his expression couldn't help but change, and then he said: "Shan." With his voice, the two methods disappeared at once, and then Fuxi said again: "Fire." And Zhao Hai returned to the ground, and the two of them started fighting in the sky, saying each other.

At this time, the battle between the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and the earth giants has not stopped. There are really too many earth giants, and they cannot be defeated no matter how hard they fight. Their attacks are also very fierce. This does not mean that, When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fly in the sky, they don't have to worry about the attacks of those earth giants. In fact, it's really not possible. Those earth giants seem to know some magic, or they have a kind of ability. , this ability is gravity ability. This gravity ability can exert gravity on people in an instant, making people unable to fly in the sky. It is precisely because of this that several blood-killing battle forts were pulled away by gravity. After being pulled down from the sky, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect no longer dared to fly in the sky and all fell to the ground. At the same time, they began to attack the earth giants on the ground.

This is not to say that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have no methods for this simple gravity technique. In fact, it is really too simple to break the gravity technique. In the technique and the magic circle, anti-gravity There are many kinds of spells, so the gravity spell is really not a problem for them.

The reason why they no longer fly in the sky is because of the existence of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai and Fu Xi are fighting fiercely in the sky. Although the two of them almost always talk about the same word or a few words, it seems that It's not a big deal, but the area where the two are fighting is almost a restricted area. Anyone who dares to get close will be attacked by the two's skills indiscriminately, so naturally no one dares to get close there.

Moreover, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also discovered that their attacks were of no use to Fuxi and Nuwa. Although they could also attack those earth giants in the sky, because the sky was now Zhao Hai's battlefield, they He still gave up the place, then landed on the ground and attacked the earth giant.

On the ground is the battlefield between the earth giants and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In addition to the battle between Zhao Hai and Fu Xi, in the sky is also the battlefield between the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon and the giant dragon that Fu Xi released before. There are so many of these dragons, They fought happily in the sky, but even these giant dragons did not dare to get close to the fighting range of Zhao Hai and Fu Xi. They were obviously very afraid of the fight between the two.

After Nuwa saw that there were enough stone giants below, she stopped waving the willow branches. On the contrary, she took out a few stones. These stones were glowing with colorful lights. At a glance, she knew that they were not giants. Fanpin, after Nuwa took out these stones, she waved her hand, and a ball of fire surrounded these stones. Then these stones slowly melted. When these stones melted, After that, Nuwa took out a handful of reddish stone water and slowly shaped it in her hand.