c7131 trapped

Zhao Hai floated in mid-air, standing there quietly, looking at the two great gods Fuxi and Nuwa. Because their bodies were composed of the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, they were naturally black, but they could not stop them. He couldn't help but admire their charm, but when he saw the look in their eyes, it was completely different.

Although the appearance of Fuxi and Nuwa has some similarities with the legend, there is no sparkle in their eyes. They look like walking corpses. This performance makes Zhao Hai very disappointed, but At the same time, he also felt very happy, because such a performance meant that the other party was not the real Emperor Fuxi and Empress Nuwa, so he would not have any psychological burden when dealing with them.

Zhao Hai was still about ten miles away from the two great gods, but the other side did not launch an attack. Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the giant dragon that had been hovering in the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation let out a long roar, and then directly jumped out from the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. He flew out of the killing formation and soon flew in front of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai reached out and touched the big head of the giant dragon. Not even one of the teeth of the giant dragon was much bigger than Zhao Hai, but now Standing in front of Zhao Hai, he seemed as well-behaved as a kitten. When Zhao Hai touched him, he purred in waves, as if he was very comfortable.

Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile. Then he moved and stood on top of the giant's head. Then he waved his hand, and the giant dragon roared and flew forward. Soon, it was on the top of the giant's head. Stopping a mile away from Fuxi and Nuwa, Zhao Hai looked at these two great gods. Because he stood on the head of the giant dragon, he could now look down at these two people.

This does not mean that Zhao Hai is disrespectful to the two great gods. In fact, Zhao Hai still respects the two great gods very much. However, because these two great gods here are not the real great gods Fuxi and Nuwa, Zhao Hai Naturally, there was no need to be polite. He even wanted to deal with these two guys earlier so as not to ruin the reputations of Fuxi and Nuwa.

The two fake gods also saw Zhao Hai's movements. Fuxi waved his hand forward fiercely, and a huge Bagua diagram appeared directly around Zhao Hai, covering Zhao Hai in an instant. Among them, because the giant dragon was so huge, only a small part of the dragon's body was covered in the Bagua formation, and most of the body remained outside.

But Nuwa moved her hand, and she didn't know when a willow branch appeared in her hand. Then she waved her hand and saw a wave of fluctuations on the ground, and then countless figures stood up from the ground. , these people are all huge earth giants about a hundred meters tall. As soon as these earth giants appeared, they immediately roared at the giant dragon in the sky, and Zhao Hai also discovered that his flying height, It was slowly lowering, and the dragon seemed to be unable to fly.

As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai immediately understood that the reason why the dragon could not fly must have been influenced by the Bagua Array. This Bagua Array was invented by Emperor Fuxi, and the Bagua Array was ever-changing. , preventing people from flying into the sky is really not a big deal.

Zhao Hai immediately understood that the two of them were fighting together. They used the Bagua array to pull him from the sky to the ground, and then the earth giants attacked them. Moreover, Zhao Hai also discovered that in this Bagua array, He actually sent out eight strands of power. These eight strands of power actually entangled him directly. Now it was as if someone had tied eight extremely strong and elastic ropes around his body. Every time he moved, these would be pulled. The rope would cost him hundreds of times more strength than normal. If he were an ordinary person, he might not be able to move at all. Fortunately, he was not an ordinary person.

Soon the giant dragon had already fallen to the ground. Sure enough, as soon as the giant dragon landed on the ground, the stone giants immediately surrounded it and began to attack the giant dragon. Apparently, the Bagua array also affected the giant dragon. , the power of the giant dragon is very powerful, but being entangled by those eight forces, he has no way to exert it.

The giant dragon wanted to turn over to suppress the stone giants. After all, the giant dragon was too big. Even if it turned over, it would directly crush the giants on top of it. However, this was not the case. When the dragon wanted to turn over, he found that he couldn't do it at all. The eight forces were so great that it was difficult for the dragon to move now.

Zhao Hai looked at the earth giants slowly walking over and couldn't help but snorted. To be honest, he really didn't expect that one day he would be forced to such a point. Although he could still move now, he wanted to It is almost impossible to fight these giants, because he is fighting with eight strands of rope on his body. Naturally, he is restrained when he moves. He must break free from this shackles before he can truly let go and fight with those stone giants. A battle.

If you want to get rid of the shackles, the best way is to directly break the Bagua array, but the energy used in the Bagua array now is something Zhao Hai has never seen before. It's very possible, and at this time, those earth giants have already come to the side of the giant dragon and are beginning to prepare to attack the giant dragon.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but snorted coldly and said in a deep voice: "Do you really think you can trap me like this? Then you really underestimate me." After saying that, Zhao Hai's figure , suddenly became taller, and the muscles on his body swelled up as if they had been blown out. In the blink of an eye, he became a huge man about three feet tall. His clothes are also changing with his height, and now he has turned into a short jacket.

Then Zhao Hai punched him like a fist from an earth giant. At this moment, he saw Fuxi suddenly waved his hand, and another white hexagram covered Zhao Hai's body. Zhao Hai felt The body was heaving one by one, and then he saw eight huge golden chains suddenly appearing on his body. These golden chains were very long. Each chain was connected to a direction, and in that direction, there was actually a handful A huge golden lock.

However, Zhao Hai's movements did not stop, and he still punched the fists of those earth giants. He heard a muffled bang, Zhao Hai had already punched the fists of the earth giants, and then the The earth giant's body stiffened, and then turned into dust all over the sky.

But the dragon's figure is too huge. As he lies there, those earth giants can attack him at will. Even if Zhao Hai wants to protect him, it is absolutely impossible because there are too many earth giants. When Zhao Hai wanted to give Wen Wenhai and the others an order to go out immediately to deal with the earth giants, he saw countless black dots flying out of the sky over the Blood Killing Sect, and there were also countless black dots on the spot. Pounced straight over.

The first ones to arrive were the Blood Killing Battle Forts of the Blood Killing Sect. These Blood Killing Battle Forts released energy beasts one after another to attack the earth giants. They also attacked Fuxi and Nuwa. Their attacks were very powerful. However, the energy beasts that attacked Fuxi and Nuwa disappeared in the blink of an eye, while the energy beasts that attacked the earth giants ended up fighting with those earth giants.

Although those earth giants look inconspicuous, they are very powerful. They can even compete with those energy beasts. This shows how strong those earth giants are. Of course, they can beat those earth giants with one punch. The giant Zhao Hai is naturally extremely powerful.

Following the Blood Killing Battle Fort were countless Blood Killing Sect disciples. They all came in neat formations. From their formation, energy giant beasts would fly out from time to time and attack Fuxi. He Nuwa rushed over, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also ready to fight, and they had already put on their armor.

But those who came from the ground were all aliens. These aliens rushed up directly, biting at the giant stone men, and kept attacking the stone giants. When the stone giants attacked them, However, they completely atomized their bodies and evaded, and the battle suddenly turned into a one-sided situation.

At this time, Nuwa waved the willow branch in her hand once, and countless earth giants emerged from the ground three times, while Fuxi released Bagua formations one by one towards the Blood Killing Battle Fort. After the Eight Diagrams Formation and the Blood Killing Battle Fort were covered, the Blood Killing Battle Fort seemed to be trapped by something. There was no way to get out. Even the energy beast couldn't be released. It was actually trapped by something. Totally trapped.

After releasing countless Bagua formations, Fuxi actually took out a piece of Guqin one at a time. Then he swung his long tail forward, and one tail section was already in front of him. He put the Guqin on the tail. , and then stretched out his hand to play. As his fingers flicked, bursts of music played on the guqin. However, this music would release bursts of sonic attacks. As long as the alien heard the music, he would immediately He will fall to the ground in pain. Although he is not dead, he has lost his fighting ability.

As for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because they all wore full-body armor, and they had already developed methods to deal with sonic attacks, there were only a few of them, and it seemed that they were not affected. After all, they had already Having fought at the sonic interface, they were very clear about the defense against sonic attacks.

As soon as Fuxi saw that such an attack was of no use to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, he couldn't help but be slightly startled, and then he immediately changed to a song. As soon as the song played, bursts of golden music came out. With the sound of iron clanking, tall and burly warriors holding stone weapons and wearing animal skins suddenly appeared in front of him, and then went straight to kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Those warriors quickly arrived in front of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They waved the weapons in their hands and attacked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately began to strangle these warriors. The disciples had always maintained their battle formation, so when they started fighting, there was no suddenness at all. Their advance and retreat were very organized, and soon those warriors were beaten to pieces and disappeared.