c7148 beef cattle

Zhao Hai obviously also thought about this problem. He took a look at the figures of those Yashas. Although they were all tall, they were very thin. Such figures were not suitable for the Zerg, so he shook his head and said: "Forget it this time. If all our Zerg races become like this, it will have a great impact on their actions. We will wait until we have the opportunity to talk about it in the future. Let’s give this opportunity to the Alien clan. Speaking of which, the two of them The Zerg tribe is also the same race, but the development direction is different, so the Zerg tribe does not get many opportunities. It seems that we need to pay more attention to this aspect in the future."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he glanced at the mutated aliens, and then said: "Boss, do you think these aliens can practice normally now? They look like They are orcs, they don’t look like ordinary aliens, this upgrade is really a bit weird.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "There are indeed some weird things, but we have to wait until after this battle to carefully study the situation of those aliens, and then we can make further arrangements. If they can really practice normally, then For us, it’s a good thing.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "The number of people who are officially practicing in the Alien clan is too small now. The way their clan has been upgrading is very different from ours, so there is no way. If they can practice, then we can make more aliens, so that the population problem of our Blood Killing Sect can be greatly alleviated."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, if they can really practice, then the population problem of our Blood Killing Sect will be solved, and the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect will be further improved. To improve, it depends on whether they can really practice this time. Forget it, let's not talk about it. It seems that the battle will take some time to end. Let's send some people over and start preparing to build a base at the same time. Then Although the city is not small, it is not too big for us Blood Killing Sect, and the city is not suitable for us Blood Killing Sect people to use."

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately gave the order. Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect began to move. Groups of disciples were sent to the Yaksha Realm. While attacking the Dead Cave City, they began to build their own base. , don’t forget that Commander Lingkong ran away. Zhao Hai didn’t believe that in a large Yaksha Realm, there was only Commander Lingkong. There must be other commanders. If Commander Lingkong moved here, In order to save the troops, what should we do if they come to attack the Blood Killing Sect? With a base, you can rest assured. Even if Commander Lingkong brings Feng Jiubing here, the Blood Killing Sect can still rely on the base to deal with them.

The Blood Killing Sect now attaches great importance to the Yaksha Realm. In any case, there are already cities in the Yaksha Realm with a complete administrative system, and their floating islands can still be moved. If they really use floating islands If the sky island comes to collide with the Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Fort, that is also a big problem. Although the Blood Killing Battle Fort can be avoided, the area of ​​the floating island is very large, and once you avoid it, It means that the formation has been completely messed up. In this case, you have lost, so this aspect must be considered. Then it is very necessary to build a base.

Moreover, the defense of this base must be strong, otherwise there will be problems. If the defense of this base is not strong, wouldn't the base be destroyed if the floating island hits it? Therefore, these issues must be considered, otherwise the Blood Killing Sect may suffer a loss.

Although those Yashas have been persisting in fighting, they have been defeated. Now they are just fighting trapped beasts. The Blood Killing Sect is also very experienced in dealing with such people. With the addition of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, all of them are The battle formation is very skilled, so naturally they won't be given too many opportunities.

Another point that is also very important is that there are more and more upgraded aliens. After these aliens are upgraded, they are stronger than those Yashas. It is naturally not a problem to deal with those Yashas, ​​although there are no Yashas in the alien family. That way, they can fly out and attack the enemy's magic weapon, but they have long tails and weapons in their hands, so they still have the upper hand against the Yasha clan.

But even so, this battle lasted for three days. After three days, the Blood Killing Sect completely captured the Death Cave City. All the Yashas were killed in the battle. No one escaped, and no one escaped. When people surrender, it's not that they don't want to escape, it's that they don't have the chance. As more and more disciples are killed, it's impossible for them to escape even if they want to.

After the Death Cave City was completely captured, the Blood Killing Sect disciples completely demolished the walls of the Dead Cave City. Zhao Hai was very curious and wanted to take a look at the stones on the wall, and found that the stone , is actually the soil on the ground of Yaksha Realm. After they refined it, the stone they made was similar to the method he used before on the Black and White Battlefield.

As for the weapons used by Yasha, you should know from the appearance of those aliens that those weapons should grow from their bodies, that is, they are part of their bodies. This ability was not available to aliens before. Obviously, This is the ability of those Yakshas, ​​so the weapons of the Yaksha clan should grow from their bodies.

And those iron chains sticking out of Lingkong City are probably not real iron chains. They should be like the weapons on the Black and White Battlefield. They are made directly from the soil here. They look like iron chains. Chains, in fact, are not. The strength should be much worse, otherwise there would not be so many iron chains.

However, when demolishing Lingkong City, Zhao Hai finally noticed a problem, that is, there is also a weapon refining room and an alchemy room in Lingkong City. The most important thing is that there is a place for grazing. Some very tall, but very docile animals. These animals look like cows, but they are not cows. They are very tall and very fat. Each of them weighs about dozens of tons. If they hadn't grown With a big cow head and two horns growing on it, Zhao Hai really thought that these cows came up from the sea from whales.

And these cows are also very strange. They can hardly run. They just stand there with their mouths open. There are no teeth in their mouths, and every time they take a breath, the Shadow Clan energy in the air , it seems that some of it will enter their bodies, and they actually rely on this method to survive.

What makes Zhao Hai feel even more strange is that this kind of cattle is actually physical. After they are killed, they will not turn into black smoke. Their bodies will be completely preserved, but there is no It does not contain the energy of the Shadow Clan, but is like an ordinary monster, with flesh and blood, and the energy is even pure cultivation energy. This surprised Zhao Hai and everyone in the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai then took a cow into the space. As soon as the cow entered the space, a notification sound came from the space, saying that a new species had been discovered. After Zhao Hai checked it, he It was found that this kind of beast is a deformed form of a monster. Originally, this kind of cow should be a very docile monster, the stone cow. The stone cow is a very docile monster. Their body is huge and they eat grass. For a living, they never actively attack anything, but they are not defenseless. This kind of stone cow can also be said to be one of the most difficult monsters to deal with, because their defense is too strong.

The defense of this kind of stone cow mainly relies on adding earth-based defense skills to itself, and this defense skill is not a shield, but a spell called stone skin, which is to constantly add earth elements to its body. A stone-like shell is added to the body, and this shell can continue to increase.

The strength of this kind of cattle is very huge, so even if a heavy shell is added to their body, it will not have much impact on them, but it will be a huge headache for those who attack them. The stone shell they have blessed on their bodies is very hard and very thick. Ordinary people really can't break the stone shell. Even if you break the stone shell, their skin is also very hard and their muscles are not strong. It is very strong and can play a very good defensive role.

In addition, this kind of cow is really not very useful. Apart from its great strength, it has almost no other uses. Therefore, in the world of cultivation, almost no one will touch this kind of cow. It takes a lot of effort to kill them. A lot of effort, but nothing good can be obtained. I am not willing to touch such things.

And now the kind of cattle they encountered here in the Yaksha Realm is a mutant breed of this stone cow. The cattle growing in the Yaksha Realm may have been improved by the Yaksha Realm. These cattle have grown taller, The power is also greater, and they no longer need to eat grass, they can absorb energy to survive. Zhao Hai has seen it, and some runes have been born in the stomachs of these cows, but the defense capabilities of these cows have declined. It can be said that there are almost none. It can even be said that these cattle have become pure carnivorous cattle and can only be used for eating meat and have no other use.

The surprising thing is that the meat of these cows tastes very good, and the spiritual energy it contains is very sufficient, which is very suitable for people to absorb. The meat is not as hard as the meat of stone cattle. It can be said that This kind of cattle has reached the standard of a complete meat-eating cattle.

After Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but feel that the creation was so miraculous. He really didn't expect that there would be such an animal in the world, which was specially used to eat meat. However, this kind of cow, For the Blood Killing Sect, it is also of great use. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also need to eat. Although the Blood Killing Sect disciples had many opportunities to eat the meat of monster beasts in the past, the meat quality of those monster beasts was It is not as good as the meat of these cows. If the Blood Killer Sect eats these cows in large quantities in the future, the chances of the Blood Killer Sect disciples eating meat will be greatly increased.

However, Zhao Hai really hopes that these cattle can be improved so that they can not only eat meat, but also play other roles. Otherwise, it will really be a waste of their efforts. The power of these cattle can be It really shouldn’t be underestimated.