c7147 evolution

The sky full of stars appeared above Sheng Si's head, and then a huge ice cone slowly came out from the starlight. This ice cone was really too big, about a thousand meters long, and the thickest one at the bottom was The diameter of the place did not reach a thousand meters, but the tip was very thin, like a needle. Then, Sheng Si waved his hand, and the huge ice pick began to rotate slowly, faster and faster, and finally You can no longer tell that it is a spinning ice pick.

At this moment, Sheng Si waved his hand forward and shouted: "Go." Following his voice, the ice pick flew straight forward. The speed of the ice pick was not very fast, and it seemed that it was not very fast. It didn't fly in a straight line, but in an arc. However, it still hit the target very accurately and stabbed directly into the shield of Death Cave City.

The protective shield of Death Cave City had already reacted. The ghost faces gathered together to form a huge ghost face, blocking the front of the ice pick. Then the ice pick stabbed the ghost face fiercely. Ghost Face let out a shrill scream and opened its mouth, trying to bite the ice pick.

But the ice pick was spinning, and the ghost face could not bite the ice pick. A loud bang was heard, and the ice pick was pierced directly into the Death Cave City, and the protective shield on the Death Cave City , disappeared immediately. Upon seeing this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all became excited and immediately rushed towards the Death Cave City.

This is not to say that the shield here in Dead Cave City is not strong. In fact, Sheng Si's attack was with all his strength. Even the ordinary energy shield of the Blood Killing Sect cannot block his attack. With one blow, only the power of the Five Elements' Ultimate Killing Formation can be used to block the formation, otherwise even the Blood Killing Sect's shield will be broken.

After the ice cone entered the Dead Cave City, it penetrated directly into the open space in the city. The cone head rotated rapidly, making a big hole in the ground. It took a while before it stopped, and once it stopped, The ice cone exploded immediately, and a bang was heard. Countless ice fragments shot out, killing many Yashas who were close by. As for the Blood Killing Sect disciples who rushed into the city, because their shields had the energy shields of the Five Elements Killing Formation, nothing happened and no one was injured.

The number of yashas in this dead cave city is around one million, and many of them were killed by the ice. In addition, there are also a very large number of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and there is also the help of the Blood Killing War Castle, and there are also the alien clan. , so the Yakshas in the Dead Cave City were quickly defeated, but those Yakshas did not escape. All the Yakshas desperately attacked the Blood Killing Sect disciples, and no one retreated.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not hold back and attacked with all their strength. Speaking of which, the combat effectiveness of those Yaksha was really very good. Although these Yaksha could not fly, their speed was not very fast, and they also knew how to use magic. All their magical weapons can fly out to attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect faced these Yakhas, they had the upper hand and wanted to eliminate them all in one fell swoop. Not an easy task.

However, those Yashas have one biggest shortcoming, that is, they do not have large magic weapons like the Blood Killing Battle Fort, so when they face the Blood Killing Battle Fort, they have no good way to add the attacks of those aliens. , and also gave them a headache, especially those alien cavalry. Their charge was very fast. With those alien cavalry charging in front, and those aliens following behind, the Yaksha clan in the Dead Cave City were immediately attacked. They were divided into small pieces, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could eat them all in one bite.

But even so, none of those Yakshas escaped or retreated. Therefore, it was not an easy task for the people of the Blood Killing Sect to clean up all these Yakshas. It seemed that they wanted to take over the Death Cave City. It will still take some time to completely win.

Zhao Hai saw this situation in the command hall. He then turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Wen Hai, have you noticed? After the death of those Yaksha, they will leave a tooth on the ground. I feel that the tooth is not simple. , you have someone send one back, I want to study it, and at the same time prepare the alien family. If there is no problem, they must eat those teeth so that they can evolve."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he paid attention to the projection and found that indeed, after the death of those yakshas, ​​there would be a tooth left on the ground. These teeth were large or small, and they were all black. He had only noticed that the yaksha would turn into black smoke after death, but he really didn't notice these teeth.

As soon as he saw those teeth now, he immediately ordered the puppet disciples to send those teeth back. The previous puppet disciples came out of the building on Lingkong Island as soon as they saw the Xue Sha Sect's army arriving. It was precisely because of this that Commander Lingkong escaped. If they were there, Xue Sha would have Zong can completely use them to teleport people to Lingkong Island, and will not let Commander Lingkong escape so easily.

Those puppet disciples are now like the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, wearing full body armor, so ordinary people really can't tell the difference between them and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. So those Yaksha didn't notice anything unusual about them. Now that they received Wen Wenhai's order, those puppet disciples naturally sent the things back to the Blood Killing Sect headquarters as soon as possible.

Zhao Hai took the jet-black fang and took a closer look. He didn't know what kind of monster the fang belonged to. It was very long, about thirty centimeters long, like a small scimitar. The tooth was originally The color should not be like this, but it has become like this now. It should be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's law.

Zhao Hai took the tooth into the space and analyzed it. It was the tooth of a monster beast. Judging from the length of the tooth, the monster wolf was definitely not small, but now this tooth was really affected by the energy of the Shadow Clan. pollution, but the suggestion given by the space is to let the Alien Clan devour it, so that part of the power of the Shadow Clan can be obtained. This also made Zhao Hai determined to let the Alien Clan devour all these teeth.

Moreover, when fighting those flying yakshas before, many flying yakshas were killed. Some flying yakshas died, and some of their teeth fell to the ground. Of course, most of them fell to Lingkong Island and were killed by Commander Lingkong. I took them away, but those that fell to the ground should also be collected. Those are the teeth of the flying yaksha.

After Zhao Hai analyzed it, he immediately turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Let the alien clan devour those teeth. I believe this will make them upgrade. Also, those flying yakshas also lost some teeth before. Let people eat those teeth." Find it out and let the alien clan devour it, so go ahead.”

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately gave the order. Following his order, a large number of alien clans were sent to the Yaksha Realm. These alien clans entered the Yaksha Realm just to devour those teeth, and they were originally in the Yaksha Realm. The alien clan in the Yasha world are busy fighting now and have no time to do such things.

Those aliens entered the Yaksha Realm through the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and then they rushed directly into the Death Cave City and began to devour those teeth. After they devoured those teeth, they mutated and actually stood up. , looked more like a person, and at the same time, a weapon grew out of their cervical vertebrae. These weapons were generally long weapons, including spears, snake spears, and halberds.

These alien figures also appear to be very thin, but not short. However, their heads have not changed and they still look like aliens. Moreover, their tails have not disappeared, they are still as long and can still be very powerful. Attack power, but these aliens now look like some alien orcs, not just aliens like before.

At this time, some aliens also hit the teeth of those flying yakshas. Not many of those flying yaksha's teeth fell to the ground, so it was more troublesome to find them. The aliens spent a lot of effort to find those teeth. After swallowing them, although they look similar to other Yashas, ​​they have an extra pair of wings. These wings will make their movements more flexible. Other than that, there is not much change.

Then those aliens also joined the battle. These aliens were stronger than those Yashas. They were faster, stronger in attack and defense, and even their bite force was stronger than those Yashas. Yashas They are all called ghosts that can bite, and these aliens are even more incredible.

Upon seeing such a change, Zhao Hai's eyes couldn't help but light up slightly, and then he smiled and said: "It seems that the teeth are not only fused with the power of the Shadow Clan, but also a trace of the power of the Yaksha, And this trace of Yaksha's power must come from the Yaksha statue here, so the alien clan has undergone such changes, which is a good thing for us."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, this is indeed a good thing. The alien clan has the power of the Yaksha. Although it may not be as good as the real Yaksha, they still have some of the power of the Shadow Clan. This way Strength cannot be underestimated, and the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect is increasing day by day."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "If we take down this Death Cave City, then the alien clan can complete this upgrade, and they will always appear in this form in the future. This is definitely a good thing for us. , maybe, they will all turn into flying yakshas in the future."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Yes, if they all become flying yakshas in the future, it will be a really good thing for us. By the way, Sect Master, what will happen if the Zerg also swallows these teeth?" Changes? Will it become like this? Do you want to do an experiment?" Wen Wenhai really wanted to see what would happen if the Zerg swallowed that tooth. Would it also become like Are these aliens now so skinny? That's not a good thing for the Zerg.