c7141 Yaksha

This matter is actually easy to solve. As long as Zhao Hai doesn't mention it, Yao Jianhao and the others will solve it according to the clan leader. However, there is a crime of treason in the clan rules. What is treason? If you want to leave the clan, That is naturally a traitor to the sect. Unless you have the permission of the sect, otherwise it is a traitor to the sect. Only Zhao Hai wants to let them go and form a good relationship. In the world of cultivation, there is no such thing. good karma.

So this matter just got over, and then everyone chatted for a while, talking about some situations in the sect. This one said that there was an official disciple who got a medal, and he showed off very well for a while. It also aroused the envy of people in the same hospital. Later, he met a person who was one level higher than him and also had a medal, and he became honest at that time.

These words also caused everyone to burst into laughter. With so many people in the Blood Killing Sect, naturally there are all kinds of disciples, so it is not surprising that some people show off their medals. In the Blood Killing Sect, medals are It is really an honor, and Zhao Hai and the others will not object to disciples showing off their medals, because this is also an incentive for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

While he was talking, the sudden projection array suddenly turned into darkness. Such a change immediately attracted the attention of Zhao Hai and the others. Soon their eyes focused on the projection array and looked at it. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief at the changes in the projection array, and Wen Wenhai even said: "It's finally about to begin."

Everyone did not speak, just stared at the projection array, and then they saw streaks of white light flashing on the projection array. The speed of the white light appearing was very even and very fast. Zhao Hai and the others were all silent in their hearts. After calculating, everyone stopped until the white light disappeared and a gray space appeared in front of them.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "There are more and faster decomposition lights than in the previous space channel, and it seems to have been strengthened. This time our disciples must wear at least thirty-six layers of shells to be safe." Passed." Everyone nodded for a while. This was no different from their calculations. This time, the light of decomposition seemed to have appeared thirty-six times.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation in the projection, but frowned slightly and said: "This space seems to be brighter than our current space. When we came to the Snake World before, it was completely dark here. , you see here, it seems that it is not so dark, but rather gray."

Everyone also noticed this, so they all nodded. At this moment, they heard a bang, and at the same time they felt the screen shake. They knew that the puppet disciple had landed, and the puppet disciple before Feelings have been falling from the sky, and now they have landed.

Just when everyone breathed a sigh of relief, they suddenly heard a sound. They were all stunned, and then they saw several human-like creatures appearing in the projection circle. When they saw these people, everyone was stunned. Stunned, they really didn't expect that they could actually see people here.

But then they saw the appearance of these people clearly. Looking at these people coldly, they felt that they were very thin, as if they had no flesh. They looked not much stronger than skeletons, but when they looked carefully, they found that they were very thin. It's not like that. Although they are very thin, the muscles on their bodies are very strong, and their lines look very beautiful, giving people a very powerful feeling.

They all wore black armor, and all held weapons in their hands. Some held scimitars, some held snake spears, and some held halberds. They had all kinds of weapons, and their armor was very They are complete and very beautiful. Behind them, they all carry a shield, but their heads are a bit strange. Their heads are all animal heads, and they look like orcs.

But soon the people of the Blood Killing Sect discovered that although the heads of these people were similar to those of orcs, they were actually different. They all had horns on their heads, and no matter what kind of animal they were, they all had horns. It has fangs and looks very scary, completely different from an orc.

At this moment, a colorful light flashed, and the next moment several people fell directly from the sky. These people were similar to those who gathered around. They were all wearing black armor and all had weapons in their hands. , look similar, but there is a pair of wings on their backs. They were flying in the sky just now on these wings, and their skin colors are also different, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, purple, various colors. Yes, but you feel like they are surrounded by a layer of black air and red, which makes them look very weird.

These flying humanoid creatures seemed to have a more noble status. As soon as they landed, the other people who could not fly immediately saluted them. Those people did not pay attention. They all walked in front of the projection and looked carefully. Zhao Hai and the others knew that the puppet disciple must still have the appearance of an iron ball, so these humanoid creatures couldn't tell anything, but they were very curious about the identities of these people.

Zhao Hai looked at these people and said in a deep voice: "Yaksha, I really didn't expect that the fourth realm is actually the Yaksha realm. Yaksha is one of the eight guardian races of Buddhism. He is brave, fast and very good. It seems that this Our opponent is not simple this time, and there is a Yaksha race here. It seems that they have their own civilization, which is a bit weird."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. They really didn't know what Yaksha was. Zhao Hai also noticed their doubts and said in a deep voice: "Fajing, you should know. Let me tell you about it." Fa Jing is also in the main hall, and his status is not low. After all, he has to lecture the disciples of the sect, and his strength is also displayed there, which is enough to join the Blood Killing Sect. This meeting is over.

Fa Jing responded, stood up, and said to everyone: "Yaksha, also known as the Swift Ghost, can bite ghosts. As the sect leader said, bravery and swiftness are their characteristics. Their men are ugly. The women are very beautiful, and those gathered around should all be men. They are generally divided into three types. What we saw before is the one that can only walk on the ground, and the one that flies in the sky. There is a kind of earthly yaksha. This kind of yaksha can move underground. Legend has it that the heads of this kind of yaksha have red flames. Their bodies are very tall, and they are much taller than the two yakshas we have seen. The body is much taller, and the head of the Yaksha is usually triangular or half-moon-shaped. One of their eyes is on the top of the head, and the other is on the chin. One nostril is pointed toward the sky, and the other is toward the ground, and can be retracted. Duo is also in tandem, looking very scary. It can be said that these Yaksha are definitely a very difficult race to deal with."

As soon as Fajing said this, everyone had some ideas in their minds. At this moment, a voice came from the projection, and they heard a flying yaksha saying to an ordinary yaksha next to him: "This thing comes from Where did it come from? Why are you here?"

That Yaksha immediately pointed to the sky and said: "It flew out of the dead hole in the sky, and then fell straight here." The flying Yaksha looked up at the sky, then turned to look at the other Yakshas, ​​those The Yashas all nodded vigorously, indicating that what the previous Yasha said was right.

The Feitian Yaksha couldn't help but frowned slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Someone, bring these iron balls back to Lingkong City. You guys, clean up this place." After saying that, he waved his hand, and he There was something like a bracelet on his hand, and it flew out of his hand. Then the bracelet grew bigger and was directly put on the iron ball. Then he waved his hand, and the iron ball flew from the ground. stand up.

When they saw this situation, Zhao Hai and the others couldn't help being a little surprised. Wen Wenhai even murmured: "Magical weapons, these things actually have magic weapons. I really didn't expect it." While he was talking, several other people The Feitian Yaksha also took out their magical weapons and trapped all the iron balls. This time Zhao Hai asked Chang Jun to send ten puppet disciples to the Yaksha Realm at a time. Now the ten puppet disciples, They all appeared in the shape of iron balls, and naturally they were all trapped by those Yakshas.

Then I saw those Yakshas flying up, and their magic weapons were flying next to them. The magic weapons still carried the iron ball. They flew towards the sky, and as they flew into the sky, Zhao Hai and the others could also clearly see that under their feet was a city, and it was not a small city at all. The city looked very huge and could house at least a million people. The city was surrounded by tall buildings. There are many horse faces and arrow towers on the city wall, and there are countless Yaksha soldiers patrolling the city wall. You can tell at a glance that the city's defense is very strong.

There are many houses in the city. Some of these houses are tall, some are short, and they are all black. There are also many people on the streets, and you can even see many monsters. If you look at it from a distance, it looks like A closely protected human city, it is also a fortress city.

Just when Zhao Hai and the others were still sizing up the city, they suddenly felt a blur in front of their eyes. The next moment they discovered that a huge island was stopping in mid-air. The island looked black on the outside, but under the There were some gray plants growing on it. At the same time, Zhao Hai also saw that there seemed to be a large building on the island, which really surprised him.

Soon the projection was getting closer and closer to the island, and they finally saw the situation on the island clearly. There was indeed a black building on the island, and there was also a gray plant that looked like a tree, but It looks like grown grass, and I don’t know what kind of plant it is, but the building on the island is a city. This is a small city that can live in about 100,000 people. It is not very big, but the city wall is very high. There are also a lot of horse faces, and from time to time I see some flying yakshas coming in and out of the city. You can tell at a glance that it is a city with very strong defenses. The most important thing is that this city does not seem to have any At the city gate, at the same time, there are many huge black chains around the city, just like iron chains, and I don't know what they are used for.