c7140 Kind-hearted and soft-hearted

When Zhao Hai heard what they said, he was stunned. He really didn't expect that these guys would not want his own space. He knew how important space was to a monk. Of course, he We are talking about our own space. The space of Wen Wenhai and the others is definitely not comparable to our own space, but if we have our own space, it will be a good thing for the monks.

Zhao Hai has never thought that if they have their own space, they will be separated from the sect. In his opinion, as long as Wen Wenhai and the others do not betray him, as long as they still fight with him, there will be a space to help Their training was not something extraordinary, that's why they said this. Now when he heard Wen Wenhai say this, he was stunned.

Wen Wenhai looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "Boss, we are sincere. We really don't want any space. What's the use of having a space for us? Our space can be compared with Xuanwu Compared to space? We are not planning to leave anyway. Staying in the Xuanwu space means we have our own space. And we have been staying in the Xuanwu space. If you ascend in the future, boss, we can still follow you. Ascension, isn't that better? Why do you have to create a space by yourself, have to manage it yourself, worry about it and it won't do much good, so I won't do it." Everyone else nodded, and they also followed Wen Wenhai It's the same idea.

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what they said, he almost knew what they were thinking. He couldn't help but laugh, pointed at everyone, and said with a smile: "You guys, it doesn't matter, if you don't want to do it, just do it. If you really want to, just do it." Once you've done it, just tell me and I'll prepare things for you then. I can't say the space is as big as the Xuanwu space, but it can accommodate people without any problems, so don't worry."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Forget it, boss, to be honest, in my opinion, as long as someone joins the Blood Killing Sect, no one will leave. Except for the Blood Killing Sect, there are other sects like this. Treatment, in other sects, even if you become a supreme elder or a sect master, if you want to get a material that can create space, you have to find it yourself, although the sect can provide some , but definitely cannot provide them all, otherwise all the good things will be given to you. When you ascend and take all the good things away, what will happen to the sect? Is it said that it should not continue to operate? So no matter which sect it is It is impossible for any sect to give all the good things in the sect to one person, even if you are the sect leader or the supreme elder. If you really do this, the disciples in the sect will not agree. Yes, but our Blood Killing Sect is different. The current treatment of our Blood Killing Sect can be said to be absolutely unique. If anyone leaves the Blood Killing Sect, it will definitely be like an idiot. Especially when someone reaches our level, it is even more We understand the power of the sect. In this case, it is even more impossible for us to leave the sect. Boss, to put it bluntly, there are no supplies in the sect. We can still do it in the sect. With the power of faith, what else in that space can attract us? So we don’t want that space at all, and there is no need for it. We, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, have no problem with loyalty, even those who Death warriors should also be absolutely loyal to the sect. It can be said that our Blood Killing Sect is a whole. Only when we are all a whole can we unleash greater power, defeat all enemies, and ascend earlier. , to pursue our path to immortality, if we are really separated, then except for you, the leader, none of us will have that certainty."

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "Yes, Lao Wen is right. Sect Master, if we stay in the sect, we can use the Xuanwu Space and you to unite all our strengths. If we If we leave the space, then we will become a piece of loose sand. If we cannot form such a force, even if we join other sects, how can there be an environment like ours in those sects? We have to rely on our own strength. Go and fight, that way, the chances of ascending will be greatly reduced. In this case, who else would want to leave our Blood Killing Sect, and those who want to leave are all fools."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "You can leave the Blood Killing Sect if you want, but you can't join other sects in the future. You can only become a casual cultivator. Otherwise, you will take the situation of our Blood Killing Sect. What if it is leaked to other sects? If anyone dares to join other sects, then we will clean up the sect."

Yao Jianhao shook his head. He was still in charge of the black and white battlefield, but because he had to discuss the attack on the new interface today, he came back. Now when he heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but said: "Sect Master, I think you are still too soft-hearted. You can leave our Blood Killing Sect. Look, in the whole world of cultivation, it is very difficult for you to join a sect, but it is even harder for you to leave that sect. I think Do you want to leave the sect? Okay, you can destroy your cultivation first. This is the rule of the cultivation world. We have been treated so well. If there are still people who leave, I think it is better to just kill them. Waste Even the cultivation level is considered light."

Wen Wenhai and the others nodded, and it seemed that they agreed with Yao Jianhao's proposal. Zhao Hai never expected that Yao Jianhao would say this, and that Wen Wenhai and the others actually agreed. This really surprised him. He thought that his handling was adequate, but he didn't expect that Yao Jianhao and the others would be even more ruthless. .

Yao Jianhao said: "In the world of cultivation, it has always been that each sect is difficult to enter and exit, but in comparison, if you want to join a sect, it is actually easier than leaving a sect. As long as you If you have enough talent, then there is almost no problem if you join a sect. But if you want to leave a sect, it will be difficult. There is almost no such sect and you can join your own sect. Disciples who leave at will, even those who have been proven in the sect to have little development potential and can go back outside to develop their own families, will not leave the sect. They will still have to be subject to the sect. Those who manage the sect should not teach the techniques they have learned to others at will, otherwise they will be punished by the sect. Cleaning up the sect is more than just words."

At this point, Yao Jianhao paused for a moment, and then said: "There are still some people whose cultivation is very high and their status in the sect is also very high, so they left the sect and went outside to establish their own A sect, to put it nicely, is strong enough to start its own sect, but these people are actually supported by their original sect in order to expand the sect. Just find an excuse to build a branch church outside. On the surface, it seems to have drawn a clear line with that sect, but when you really deal with that sect, you see that the original sect does not care about it, they I still know how to take care of it, but it’s just a cover-up for expansion.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Yes, it is indeed like this. Some people have established their own sects in name, but the elders, stewards and other positions in the sect are all his original positions. People sent by the sect helped him build it. He had no power at all, but some of them were actually built by himself. Such sects were relatively more independent, but they also had to be influenced by the original sect. It is not that easy to truly and completely become an independent sect under the jurisdiction of the Communist Party of China. It will take several generations or even dozens of generations of hard work. If his original sect has always been strong, They will never be able to escape the control of the original sect."

Yao Jianhao nodded, and then said: "Yes, each sect has very strict control over its disciples, especially the high-level disciples or powerful elders of some sects. If these people betray them Sect, then they will take away the secrets of their sect that are not passed down. In that case, others will know where their sect’s weaknesses are. That would be dangerous for a sect, so as long as it is The occurrence of rebellion against the sect is usually a big deal. The higher the status, the bigger the matter. And the ordinary sect will not accept a person who rebels against the sect, because no one will trust them, and at the same time, it will cause two people to rebel against the sect. The sects fight endlessly to the death. In the world of cultivation, things like this happen not only once or twice, there is nothing surprising about it."

Chang Jun said: "Our Blood Killing Sect can be said to have been established by you, the sect master. Our Blood Killing Sect has thousands of techniques and countless good things. If outsiders know the details of our Blood Killing Sect, it will be very difficult for us. Our blood killing is definitely not a good thing. Therefore, the sect leader must not let anyone who joins the blood killing sect leave. Even if he is a dead soldier, he will not be able to do it. All those who want to leave the blood killing sect will not be able to do so. , we have only one way to deal with it, kill it, and absolutely cannot keep it."

Everyone nodded, and no one objected. This surprised Zhao Hai, but after thinking about it, he understood that they were different from him. He had also received some education on earth, so he had At that time, his thoughts were still somewhat different from these people. People like Wen Wenhai and others have received education in the world of cultivation since childhood, so their ideas are absolutely different from Zhao Hai. In their view, if someone wants to leave the sect, it is tantamount to betraying the sect. Then we must clean up the door and never let it go.

Zhao Hai also knew that he had to listen to them on this matter. If he didn't listen to them, it would not be of any benefit to the Blood Killing Sect. Moreover, Wen Wenhai and the others would never give up just like that. They would definitely keep raising the issue. Regarding this matter, Zhao Hai also nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. Anyone who wants to leave the Blood Killing Sect will be treated as a traitor to the sect."

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others were relieved. They were really afraid that Zhao Hai would insist, because they knew very well that Zhao Hai would use any means to deal with his enemies and would be merciless, but he would not show mercy to his own people. He was very soft-hearted. If he really allowed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to leave, maybe he would really do that. It would be of no benefit to the Blood Killing Sect. Now Zhao Hai said this, They were naturally relieved.