c7149 Delegate power

However, Zhao Hai also wanted to take a look. Although these cows cannot be fed in space, after all, the energy in space is not the energy of the Shadow Clan. If these cows cannot be fed in space, that is still a problem, so Zhao Hai put the cows in the space and raised them for a try. This test surprised Zhao Hai. He found that these cows seemed to live better in the space than in the Yaksha Realm, which Zhao Hai did not have. Thought-of.

Then Zhao Hai immediately thought that the reason why these cows lived so well in space must be related to the runes in their stomachs. He immediately called out the runes in the cows' stomachs. Zhao Hai Only then did Hai realize that it was indeed the case. The runes in the cow's stomach actually had some similarities with the runes in his Yin Yang Thunder Pond. The difference was that the runes in the cow's stomach affected the Shadow Clan's energy. It also has a strong absorption effect.

But then the question arises, if all the cattle sucked are Shadow Clan energy, why doesn’t the meat on their bodies have any Shadow Clan energy? How did they convert ShadowClan's energy into spiritual energy? Zhao Hai immediately inspected the cow's intestines again and found that there were some runes in the cow's intestines. After testing, Zhao Hai discovered that the runes in the cow's intestines indeed had the effect of converting energy, and could convert the power of the Shadow Clan. , to be transformed into aura, but the transformation cannot be 100%.

That's still wrong, because there is no shadow clan energy in the cow's meat. So if the cow's intestines cannot convert 100% of the shadow clan energy, where is the shadow clan energy that cannot be transformed? Was it excreted from the body? It is possible, because these cows also have sex.

However, Zhao Hai still wanted to see if these cattle excreted the energy from the body, so although he took most of the cattle into the Xuanwu space, he still left some cattle to live in the Yaksha world. Sure enough, after those cows absorbed the energy for two days, they discharged a large black mist, and this black mist was filled with very pure Shadow Clan energy, which made Zhao Hai confirm his idea.

In fact, this kind of cow, after years of development, has become a kind of energy conversion. It converts the energy of the Shadow Clan into the spiritual energy needed by his body, and what cannot be absorbed will be excreted. In this way A form of transformation, it definitely took a lot of evolution to become like this.

But Zhao Hai is more interested in the runes in the cow's stomach and intestines, because the Blood Killing Sect currently has no good way to completely transform the energy of the Shadow Clan into spiritual energy. Even the Blood Killing Sect Now that you can use the energy of the Shadow Clan, you can only use the energy of the Shadow Clan after converting the formation talisman into the formation talisman of the Shadow Clan. It is completely different from converting the energy of the Shadow Clan into aura, so Zhao Hai is very concerned about this. This matter is still very important.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai and the others are expanding their base while studying the runes obtained from the cows. At the same time, Zhao Hai also asked Space to improve these cows. He wanted to let Space design Come up with the best improvement plan for this kind of cattle and see how the effect is. If the effect is good, then the Blood Killing Sect will improve these cattle and then use them for their use. This is also true for the Blood Killing Sect. Very important.

This time the Blood Killing Sect took over the Death Cave City and was able to kill more than one million Yakshas. This also means that more than one million alien clans have evolved and all turned into Yakshas, ​​but among them The number of flying yakshas is very small. The new aliens produced by the alien clan will still look like aliens at the beginning. As long as they are allowed to grow for a period of time, they will become like yakshas. Of course, now the Blood Killing Sect There is no such alien that turns into a Yaksha. The reason for this judgment is due to Shu Li. Shu Li only found out after communicating with those newly created aliens. However, how long does it take to grow? If he becomes a yaksha, Shuli will not know.

After Zhao Hai knew about this, he directly brought a newly born alien into space, where the time in space accelerated, let those aliens live there for a few days, and made a judgment, and finally The conclusion reached is that as long as three months after the alien is produced, it can become a yaksha.

After they become Yaksha, their bodies will also undergo certain mutations, and they will be able to practice by themselves. However, they can still only practice some ordinary skills, and people are not very smart. To put it simply, these aliens who turned into Yaksha still had some problems with their intelligence, so in the end, after discussing with Shun Li, these aliens that turned into Yaksha could only be used as death warriors.

Although those flying yakshas are a bit smarter, they are not too smart. They can only be used as dead soldiers. However, their weapons gave Zhao Hai a surprise, because those who came from the aliens The weapons that grew out turned out to have attributes and magical attacks. This was really an unexpected surprise.

The weapons that grow out of these alien bodies have different attributes. And unlike those Yashas, ​​the weapons that grow out of the alien bodies have two attributes instead of one. This kind of weapon has one attribute. The attributes are the same, that is, poison. All alien weapons are poisonous, and it is poison unique to the alien body. This is a very strong poison, and the toxicity is extremely overbearing.

The other attribute is different. It can be said to be ever-changing. It has all kinds of attributes, including sharpness, acceleration, gravity, even levitation, etc., all kinds of attributes. They have all of them, which also makes the attack power of the alien clan even more powerful.

Of course, Zhao Hai also knew that they might face Yaksha's revenge at any time, so since he knew that after the alien Yaksha was born, it would take at least three months to be cultivated before he could truly become Yaksha, he began to let Shu Li and the others in large numbers. The production is abnormal. Anyway, after three months of cultivation, there is no harm in producing more.

But Zhao Hai is now focusing on those cows. As for establishing a base here in the Yaksha Realm, Zhao Hai doesn't need to worry about it. Just let Wen Wenhai and the others handle it. Now Zhao Hai just wants to take a look. How useful is this kind of cow, and how much improvement can be made.

Zhao Hai has discovered that although this kind of cattle has many advantages, it also has a very important shortcoming, that is, this kind of cattle cannot fly. They can only move on the ground. Their strength In China, there is no way to fly, so this kind of cow still needs a lot of improvements.

This made Zhao Hai think again of the cows that pulled Lingkong Island away. Those cows could fly. Although they had no wings, they were very fast and powerful. It looked like those cows It is more suitable for the Blood Killing Sect, but it is a pity that the Blood Killing Sect does not have that kind of power now.

On the tenth day after Zhao and the others bulldozed Death Cave City, the figures of Feitian Yaksha once again appeared in the sky. However, these Feitian Yaksha did not attack the base of the Blood Slaughter Sect. They just observed the blood in the sky. At the base of the Killing Sect, if the Blood Killing Sect sends people to deal with them, they will retreat immediately. These Yashas are very fast. The only people in the Blood Killing Sect who can match the speed of the Yasha clan are the alien cavalry and those Alien Yaksha, even the other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, are not as fast as the Yaksha clan.

Zhao Hai is sitting in the main hall now. Below are the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect and some branch elders. The core elders of the Blood Killing Sect are calculated based on their strength. Some of them will not take care of things, and they will not do anything. They like to take care of things, mostly focusing on training. They will fight only when the sect asks them to fight. Therefore, not all core elders will come to participate in the battle meetings of the Blood Killing Sect. On the contrary, some branch elders will I will come to participate in the battle meeting of the Blood Slaughter Sect, because these branch elders are all elders with real power. They are in charge of the affairs of each branch of the Blood Slaughter Sect, and they still have great power. Naturally, they have to participate in this battle meeting. , and the leaders of the major branch halls of the Blood Killing Sect are generally all core elders. Therefore, the total number of core elders and branch elders is not very large, and the number of people attending each meeting is only about a hundred. .

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, and then said: "Actually, now that the headquarters has been established, I don't have many things to take care of in the sect. It doesn't mean that if you conquer the Snake World, then I will take back everything you have. You are the members of the Blood Killing Sect’s headquarters, the core elders and branch elders of the Blood Killing Sect. You are a group that manages the operation of the Blood Killing Sect, so if you have anything to do in normal times, you can actually do it yourself. To solve the problem, if you really can’t decide, just come to me. Our Blood Killing Sect is now so powerful that even if we lose once or twice, it doesn’t matter anymore. Do you understand?”

Zhao Hai is very clear that people like Wen Wenhai still have some shadows of the previous behavior styles of various cultivation sects. For example, let them command the battle in the Snake Realm. Zhao Hai gives them the power, and they They will do their best to command the Snake Realm, fearing that they have done something wrong. But after taking over the Snake Realm, even if the Blood Killing Sect was reorganized, they still handed over all their power. As long as they If there is any big event, it will be reported to Zhao Hai immediately. This has completely failed to play the role of their command. Zhao Hai built this command to liberate himself and allow the Blood Killing Sect to survive without him. It can also operate normally.

He knew what Wen Wenhai and the others were worried about. They all had spent a long time in other sects before. In the past, the sect leaders of various sects in the world of cultivation would never dare to delegate all their powers. In that case, they would He will be ignored, and he is afraid that he will not know how he died. Therefore, the sect leaders of various sects in the world of cultivation have to deal with many things, and they also have to control the balance of the various forces in the sect and make all forces Not being able to unite together, but also preventing them from really fighting and affecting the performance of the sect, these are very important for a sect. With the addition of some power in the hands of the sect leader, this can Ensure the normal operation of a sect.