c7144 attack

After waiting for nearly four hours, they suddenly discovered that the situation on the projection array had changed. The ugly face of Commander Lingkong suddenly appeared in the projection, which shocked everyone's spirits. Zhao Hai Putting down the tea cup in his hand, he put away the book in his hand, and then said: "Let's go to the command headquarters and prepare for action." Everyone responded, and then everyone moved, and the next thing they knew, they had appeared at the command post. Ministry there.

All the projection arrays at the headquarters were also set up, and they could clearly see the situation in the Yaksha Realm. They did not start immediately, but wanted to see where the puppet disciples were now. It is inconvenient to move. Their operation this time is to establish a base in the Yaksha Realm, so they still attach great importance to this operation.

Everyone took a look at the situation in the projection. The projection area was very large. Zhao Hai and the others could clearly see that the puppet disciples were now in a very luxurious room. Most of the things in this room were made of Made of white stone, stone table, stone chairs, stone bed, Zhongran's bed was covered with animal skins, but the bed itself was made of stone, but this does not mean that the things in this room are not Good, because there is something special about those stones. The stones are pure white and flash with a very warm light. They look as beautiful as jade.

And whether it is a table, chair or bed, they are all engraved with many patterns. Although the patterns are all like ghost faces, it can be seen that they are all carefully made and very beautiful. It is these patterns that are in the Coupled with the material of those stones, this room looks very gorgeous.

Zhao Hai and the others also noticed that this room was several hundred square meters in size. Apart from a stone table, a stone chair and a stone bed, there wasn't much in it. Obviously, this was where Commander Lingkong rested. , there should be very few people coming, and now the commander-in-chief Lingkong is looking at those puppet disciples and giggling. It is obvious that these legendary metals make him very happy.

Looking at this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Let's get started, Chunming, they acted first and took care of that Ling Kong Commander, and then our army moved in and occupied the place directly. "Zhao Hai knows that Commander Lingkong is not weak in strength, so he must deal with Commander Lingkong first.

Ding Chunming was also in the headquarters. When he heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately responded. Then he gave the order directly. As his order was issued, he saw that the puppet disciples also changed. Suddenly, it was as if it turned into a liquid, immediately softened, and spread all over the floor of the room.

When Commander Lingkong saw such a change in the iron balls, he stayed there for a moment. He didn't know what happened. Why did those iron balls change like this? Just when he was puzzled, he saw the iron balls turned into liquid, forming magical runes on the ground. Then the runes flashed with light, and the next moment a person appeared on the runes. Text.

Commander Lingkong was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately reacted, but when he saw his hands move, a knife and a shield appeared in his hands. He held the shield in his left hand and the knife in his right hand, standing where he was. , looking at the person who appeared there. This is a young man. He is wearing a fiery red robe. He looks a little thin, but his eyes are so gleaming that people dare not look at him because his eyes seem to be able to see through you. Same.

This young man who looked a little thin but very handsome was none other than Sheng Si. Ding Chunming did not take action himself this time, but to be safe, he still let Sheng Si take action. Sheng Si was also very powerful. Yes, his mental talent is definitely innate, and with acquired practice, his mental power can almost be said to be the strongest existence in the Blood Killing Sect besides Zhao Hai.

And what he learned is the Void Condensation Formation Technique. This technique requires very strong mental power, but if your mental power is strong enough and you master enough magic formations, then this kind of Zhao Hai will be able to master it very early. The technique that I knew before is definitely an extremely powerful technique.

The most powerful thing about this technique is that you can increase the number of magic circles infinitely, which is very scary. Of course, you must do it so that the energy of those magic circles does not conflict, so that its power It will become extremely powerful. If you let the energy of his magic circle conflict, then this kind of magic circle will have no effect, and it may even hurt yourself.

And Sheng Si is Zhao Hai's adopted son. Zhao Hai has always taught him personally before, and taught him the void condensation technique completely. Later, after he got the biological brain, he gave it to Sheng Si. Si can be said to be one of the first people in the Blood Killing Sect to use biological brains.

And Sheng Si has been studying the Void Condensation Formation Technique. It can be said that his current Void Condensation Formation Technique is absolutely powerful. I am afraid that he knows more formations now than Zhao Hai. If he really fights, His strength is definitely among the top ten in the Blood Killing Sect.

Sheng Si looked at Commander Lingkong and snorted with disdain. Then he waved his hand and a large starry sky appeared above his head. Then he saw a big snake coming out of the starry sky. This The big snake was about ten feet long, with black scales all over its body. It looked very ferocious. Then the big snake rushed straight towards Commander Lingkong.

As soon as Marshal Lingkong saw the big snake appearing, he couldn't help but roared wildly. Then he held a shield in his left hand to protect himself, huddled behind the big shield, and then rushed forward, and heard the bang. There was a loud noise, and the big shield hit the big snake's head. The commander in the air was hit and flew straight back, but the big snake's head also lowered and hit the ground heavily.

When Sheng Si saw this situation, he couldn't help but be startled, and then he understood it immediately. He turned to look at the ghost-faced shield in Commander Lingkong's hand, and said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that this big shield of yours could actually It is also a very powerful magic weapon. Not only does it have a concussive effect, but it also has gravity, so it is so powerful. Well, I really want to see how powerful your big shield is." Wanshengsi waved his hand again, and the next moment a stone giant appeared in front of him. This stone giant was all white and was made of the stones in this room. Then the stone giant punched like a volley in the air. The commander smashed it over.

But the volleying commander was holding a shield in front of him. He had just been hit by the big snake and stabilized his body. Now the stone giant punched him again. He simply couldn't There was no possibility of counterattack. Baoneng was holding the shield to protect himself, and then he heard a loud bang. The volley commander was hit and flew backwards. He was about to reach the wall behind him. Okay. As a handsome man volleyed, he saw the wings behind him move slightly. His figure turned a corner in the air and hit a window next to him. Then he heard a bang and a click. Come on, Master Lingkong has already smashed the window and flew directly outside the room.

Zhao Hai and others who were watching the battle in the headquarters were slightly startled when they saw this situation. They really didn't expect that Commander Lingkong would be so powerful. You know Sheng Si's two blows just now were not light. Not everyone can bear the collision of the big snake. Although the stone giant looks short, its strength is definitely not small. In the hands of the volley commander His large shield was not broken even by two such attacks, which shows how strong it is, and Commander Lingkong's reaction was also very fast. He actually left the room directly. You must know that it was his territory. He Once he leaves the room, countless men will come to help him. It will be difficult to deal with him.

But Zhao Hai also knew that it was useless to say anything now. They had underestimated the strength of Commander Lingkong, and they couldn't blame others, so he immediately said: "Attack with all your strength, quickly." Everyone naturally understood what was going on. Son, Wen Wenhai immediately issued an order for a full-scale attack.

Following his order, he saw a flash of light in the teleportation array. The next moment, a small blood-killing battle fort appeared on the teleportation array. Then, the blood-killing battle fort immediately flew out of the teleportation array. Flying out of the range of the teleportation array, the Blood Killing Battle Fort immediately swelled into the wind, and returned to its normal size in the blink of an eye.

Then I saw countless disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushing out of the Blood Killing Battle Fort and forming a battle formation in the sky. These Blood Killing Sect disciples have been staying in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. In the past, the Blood Killing Battle Fort , there is no way to load disciples for this kind of cross-border teleportation, and this cannot be done when attacking the snake world.

But things are different now. After many transformations by Shenjitang, the Blood-killing Battle Fort can now be enlarged or reduced without affecting the inner space, and it can also cross borders. Teleportation, that's why such a scene happened.

The Blood Killing Sect has a total of more than 2,000 Blood Killing War Fortresses. Each Blood Killing War Fortress can hold up to 100 million people. However, that will affect the operations of the Blood Killing War Fortress, and it will not It is possible to carry out this kind of cross-border teleportation array. If you want to carry out this kind of cross-border teleportation, the number of people in the Blood Killing Battle Fort cannot be more than 100,000.

So now there are all these blood-killing battle forts. Each one is equipped with 100,000 people, carrying out cross-border teleportation operations. The first blood-killing battle fort is now in place, and the second blood-killing battle fort is already in place. It appeared in the teleportation array, and then flew out of the room. It also grew bigger outside, and then another hundred thousand disciples appeared from the Blood Killing Battle Castle.

Sheng Si's face was not very pretty. The order he received at the beginning was to deal with the Lingkong Commander, but he attacked twice in a row. Not only did he fail to deal with the Lingkong Commander, but he also He even let Commander Lingkong escape, so the sect had to send the Blood Killing Battle Fort to directly participate in the battle. This was a shame for him, so his face was very ugly now, but he also left. That room, I am now standing outside that room, looking at Commander Lingkong not far away.