c7145 fighting

At this time, Zhao Hai and the others discovered that the room they had seen before was actually the top floor of the central hall of Lingkong City. That was where Commander Lingkong rested, but now Commander Lingkong was standing there with a livid face. In the distance, one hand held a shield and the other held a knife, looking at Sheng Si coldly.

But now, many Feitian Yaksha have surrounded Commander Lingkong. These people are all holding weapons to protect Commander Lingkong. However, in addition to staring at Sheng Si, they are also paying attention to those Blood Killing Battle Castle, and those Blood Killing Sect disciples who kept appearing from Blood Killing Battle Castle.

"Who are you? Why did you come to attack our Lingkong City?" Although Commander Lingkong was very angry, he still held back his anger and looked at Sheng Si intently, waiting for Sheng Si's answer. , obviously, he now understands that they were plotted, and those iron balls appeared here just to attack them. The funny thing is that they didn't think of this at the beginning.

It's no wonder for them that things like iron only exist in legends here, so when they saw the ten iron balls, Commander Lingkong was so happy that he never thought that it might be a trap for them. , so he gave the Blood Killer Sect the opportunity to attack him without any preparation. If he hadn't been so powerful, he would have been dead by now. When he thought of this, Marshal Lingkong couldn't help but become even more furious, staring at Sheng Si.

Sheng Si looked at Marshal Lingkong. He was no longer angry. Now that things had happened, there was no point in being angry. He was a master of mental power. Naturally, he had no control over his emotions. question, so now there was a smile on his face, and then he saluted Commander Lingkong and said: "I met Commander Lingkong in the Zhengxue Sect Elder Sheng Si."

Commander Lingkong looked at Sheng Si and said with an ugly face: "Who are you? Why do you appear here?" Commander Lingkong really wanted to know where this Blood Killing Sect came from, because He thought about the origin of those ten iron balls. Those ten iron balls flew out of the dead hole in the sky. The dead hole in the sky was a dead hole that no one could pass through. The Yasha clan sent countless people to enter. No one came back alive after entering the Death Cave. Therefore, for so many years, the Yasha clan has always thought that it was a Death Cave that no one could pass through. It is precisely because of this that when they heard about the iron ball He was so relieved because he flew out of the death hole.

Sheng Si looked at Commander Lingkong and said with a smile: "My Blood Killer Sect is from the Snake Realm. We conquered the Snake Realm before, and your Yaksha Realm is connected to the Snake Realm, so we will naturally come to you. Okay, is there anything strange about this?" He said it very easily, but when these words fell into the ears of Commander Lingkong, they were like thunder, leaving him stunned.

It took a while for Commander Lingkong to react. He looked at Sheng Si with an ugly face, and then said: "So, you are also here to conquer our Yaksha world? I'm afraid you don't have such good teeth, right?" Marshal Lingkong's tone became completely cold, but his expression completely recovered. Now he finally realized that the other party was not here for him, but for the entire Yaksha world.

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "Our Blood Killing Sect's teeth have always been good. Okay, I won't say more. Come on, let me see your strength. If your strength is not enough, then this is where you are today. Your bones are buried." After saying this, Sheng Si moved his hand, and countless stars appeared above his head, and then a soft chirping sound came, and then a fiery red figure suddenly emerged from the starlight. It flew out.

This is a fire phoenix. His whole body is a fiery red color. If you look closely, you will find that the surface of his body is actually surrounded by a layer of flames. This fire phoenix is ​​a hundred feet long, with a fiery red body. , coupled with that invincible look in his eyes, made him feel unspeakably proud.

After the fire phoenix flew twice in the sky, it rushed towards Commander Lingkong. As soon as Commander Lingkong saw the fire phoenix, his expression changed, and then he immediately shouted: "Form up and kill." Following his voice, the yakshas around him quickly formed a battle formation, although each had their weapons pointed at the fire phoenix.

They formed the battle formation very quickly. At the same time, Feitian Yaksha on Lingkong Island was also gathering quickly. Their gathering speed was also very fast. It was obvious at a glance that they were a group of veterans who had experienced hundreds of battles. In this case, they did not panic, but formed a battle formation in the shortest time, which fully demonstrated their strength.

Huofeng didn't care so much. He just rushed over like Marshal Ling Feng and the others. When he was still about ten feet away from those people, Huofeng waved his wings again, and a sea of ​​​​fire swept Ling Feng away. Shuai and the others were surrounded. Commander Ling Feng and the others did not expect that Fire Phoenix would suddenly attack like this. However, the weapons in their hands and the armor on their bodies were obviously not ordinary things. A layer of shield appeared, directly protecting them inside, and they were not affected by the flames at all.

However, Huofeng was not in a hurry, nor was he approaching Commander Lingkong and the others. His wings were still waving, and balls of flames surrounded Commander Lingkong and the others. Commander Lingkong took a look. When this happened, he couldn't help but snorted, then he waved the big shield in his hand, roared wildly, and then moved his body and hit the fire phoenix.

His speed was very fast, and he saw a figure flashing, and he had appeared in front of Huofeng, but Huofeng seemed to have been prepared for it. He did not collide with Commander Lingkong, but opened his mouth, A rocket shot straight out and hit Commander Ling Feng's shield.

boom! There was a loud noise, and the rocket collided with the shield. The shield was not broken, but Commander Lingkong was shocked when he received this blow, and his whole body retreated straight away. At this time, other Feitian Yaksha also They were all killed. Their speed was very fast and their attacks were very fierce.

And their flight obviously does not rely on the wings on their backs. The wings on their backs are more for adjusting their flight direction. Because they have wings, they appear more airy and faster in the air. , half of them rushed towards the fire phoenix, while the other half rushed towards Sheng Si.

Sheng Si couldn't help but snorted coldly as he looked at the Yakshas rushing towards him. Then he saw the starlight above his head flash, and another fire phoenix flew out. These fire phoenixes were all made by him using the Void Condensation Formation Technique. It's not a real fire phoenix. As long as his mental power can still control those magic circles, he can summon as many as he wants.

The two fire phoenixes fought with the yakshas in the sky, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also began to attack the flying yakshas in Lingkong Island. The attack power of those flying yakshas was also very powerful, and their The speed is really fast, and the weapons in their hands are all magical weapons, and they all have various abilities, the most important of which is a gravity technique.

Spells like gravity may not be conspicuous in normal times, but in the sky, this gravity is very deadly. If your weapon collides with the opponent's weapon, your weapon will immediately be hit by the opponent. With the addition of a layer of gravity, your weapon will be doubled or even several times heavier, which will have a huge impact on you.

However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not weak, and their weapons are different from those of Yaksha. Those Yasha's weapons cannot be transformed, but the weapons of the Blood Killing Sect disciples can be transformed at any time, and their weapons There are more magical formations blessed on them. As soon as the gravity spell is applied to their weapons, they will be immediately dispersed. It has almost no impact on the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Those Yashas lined up battle formations to deal with the Blood Killer Sect's disciples, and the Blood Killer Sect's disciples also lined up battle formations to face the enemy. Although the battle formations used by Yashas looked like three-dimensional battle formations, they were less powerful than the Blood Killer Sect's disciples. The Magic Cube Battle Formation of the Killing Sect is much inferior. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have already gained the upper hand even before using the Magic Cube Formation.

Although the magic square formation is more powerful, the magic square formation is far behind the magic cube formation in terms of formation changes. Therefore, the magic square formation has the advantages of the magic cube formation, and the magic square formation has the advantages of the magic square formation. The advantage is that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not give up the magic cube formation just because they have learned the magic formation. That is not possible.

People from both sides were strangled together. The fighting power of those Yashas was really strong. Their fighting style was in one word, fast, fast, fast in attack, and fast in retreat. It can be said that the fighting style of the Yasha clan was like the wind. , they flew past you quickly and killed you before you even reacted.

But they met their opponents today. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may not be as fast as the Yasha clan in terms of speed. Of course, in terms of absolute straight-line speed, they will not be worse than the Yasha clan, but in terms of flexibility, They are still far behind the Yaksha clan, so they are not competing with the Yaksha clan in terms of speed, but mainly stay as still as a mountain.

If the Yaksha clan is like the wind, then the Blood Killing Sect's formation is like a high mountain. No matter how strong the wind blows, I will remain unmoved. However, if you attack from that direction, I will remain unchanged in response to all changes. Your attack speed is fast, but my defense is extremely powerful. You can't break through my defense, but I can keep attacking you. Even if you are fast and dodge most of the attacks, As long as you are attacked by me, you will be injured or killed.

At the same time, those blood-killing battle forts also showed their power, and the energy weapons on those blood-killing battle forts were also adjusted. The energy bombs they released this time were small energy beast bombs. The so-called small energy beast bombs were The energy beasts that came out were very small, but they were very fast, and there were a lot of them. So almost in the blink of an eye, the blood-killing battle fort was completely surrounded by a layer of small energy beasts. The Yasha clan If you want to attack the Blood Killing Battle Fort, you must first defeat those small energy beasts.