c7146 run away

Now the Blood Killing Sect and the Yakshas of Lingkong City are in a stalemate. The Yakshas in Lingjia City are too fast. Although the number of their flying Yakshas is not very large, their speed is too fast, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are temporarily There really is nothing you can do to deal with them.

However, this deadlock was quickly broken. The one who broke the deadlock was none other than the Alien Clan. As soon as Zhao Hai saw the fighting style of the Feitian Yaksha Clan, he directly killed the Xue Sect's Alien Cavalry and the Alien Clan. All of them were sent to the Yaksha Realm. The alien clan was also very fast and their fighting power was very powerful.

As soon as these aliens came out, the horsemen rushed towards the Yashas. Their speed was also very fast, and they were also very flexible, and their attack power was also very powerful, especially the alien cavalry, their speed Not only is it very fast, but the attack power of the knight is much stronger than that of ordinary aliens.

The advantage that Yasha had before seemed to disappear all at once. Facing the attack of the Blood-killing Cavalry, they did not dare to engage in a head-on battle except for evading. However, they could always avoid those alien cavalry. It is also difficult to avoid the attacks of those aliens. The speed of those aliens is too fast, and their attack power is not weak.

The Yaksha Clan soon discovered the horror of the Alien Clan, and they also began to deal with the Alien Clan. At this time, Zhao Hai also understood why the Yaksha Clan didn't have a name called Can Bite Ghost, and their attacks were ineffective. In addition to the weapons inside, there are also their teeth.

I saw that the Yasha clan, when attacking aliens, often used the weapons in their hands to block the alien's tail attack, then directly bullied them, jumped on the alien's back, and used their teeth to bite the alien's hands and neck, and The armor on the alien body could not block the Yaksha clan's bites, which shows how powerful their bites are.

However, the aliens are not free. Except for a few aliens who were bitten to death, there were many aliens who directly attacked the Yasha clan with their tails when the Yasha clan bit them, and the Yasha clan had to let go of the aliens. , to block their tails, you must know that the attack of the alien tail is not weak.

But Zhao Hai was standing in the headquarters of the Blood Killing Sect at this time, watching the battle in the Yaksha Realm. He had been paying attention to the Yakshas who died in the battle. Only after those Yakshas died in the battle, Zhao Hai discovered that those Yakshas Although most of the body will turn into black smoke, some parts will still be preserved. The parts that are preserved are usually the teeth.

The shiny black teeth will fall directly to the ground, while the other parts will all turn into black smoke. This is what happens after the alien clan dies in battle. This situation is similar to the snakes in the snake world. There are some similarities, but those snakes absorbed a part of the body of the alien clan and then left a part of the body, while the Yaksha clan had this part of their own body, which surprised Zhao Hai a little.

Wen Wenhai and the others haven't noticed this yet. They have been keeping an eye on the battle situation. Because of the addition of the Alien Clan, the battle situation has now completely tilted in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. However, Commander Lingkong still did not win. Commander Lingkong's He was very powerful, and the guards who followed him were also very powerful. The two fire phoenixes surrounded them and attacked, but they couldn't do anything to them, which surprised Wen Wenhai and the others.

You must know that Sheng Si is one of the many masters in the Blood Killing Sect. Now he can't even deal with Commander Lingkong and his guards. Although he has the upper hand now, he still hasn't been able to deal with it. The fact that Commander Lingkong was taken care of clearly illustrates the problem.

However, Commander Lingkong's situation is not very easy now. They were besieged by two fire phoenixes, and for a while, there was no way to escape. Strictly speaking, they were actually at a disadvantage, which made Commander Lingkong He was a little anxious. He had already noticed that more and more people were coming to this Blood Killing Sect. If this continued, they might be in danger. When he thought of this, Marshal Lingkong couldn't help but wince in his eyes. Then he shouted: "Get ready, fall."

Following his voice, those flying yakshas, ​​whether they were the guards around him or those who were fighting with the Blood Killing Sect, all fell into Lingkong City. This was very sudden, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were suddenly stunned. They didn't even react, and they landed in Lingkong City smoothly.

As soon as Commander Lingkong and the others landed in Lingkong City, Master Lingkong immediately shouted: "Get up." Following his voice, a shield was set up directly in Lingkong City. This shield was black. It was covered with ferocious ghost heads, and then Master Lingkong shouted: "Herd the cows, let's go." Following his voice, he saw those eight-legged cows in the camps closest to the city wall. Under the command of some Yashas, ​​they jumped out of the camp and jumped to the outside of Lingkong Island. They just stood there in the air. At this time, Zhao Hai and the others discovered that the cows had been trapped by the quilt at some point. Some iron chains were put on. These iron chains were not very thick. They were all put on the cow's body and stretched all the way to the cow's back.

The speed of the cow was actually very fast, and as soon as it came out of the city, it immediately began to run forward under the command of the yakshas. The speed was very fast, because they had eight legs, and the legs were actually It was still on fire, so the cows were running forward through the air as if they were on flat ground.

Soon the iron chain behind the cow was pulled to the extremely thick iron chains protruding from Lingkong Island. His thick iron chains were also slowly straightened by them, and then the entire Lingkong Island was They kept moving forward in the sky, and their speed was not slow at all.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also saw this situation. They were all stunned for a moment, and then they immediately began to attack the shield on the island. Some of them also wanted to attack the cows, but the strange thing was that, Those cows seemed to have protective shields on them. No matter how they attacked those cows, it was useless. The speed of those cows was very fast, and it was getting faster and faster. The island was bigger than the Blood Killing Battle Castle. Now When they charged forward like this, even the Blood Killing Battle Fort would not dare to stand in front of them. Otherwise, they would probably destroy the Blood Killing Battle Fort if the island collided with them.

Zhao Hai and the others also noticed this situation. He was stunned at first, and then he couldn't help laughing and said: "I really didn't expect that the Yaksha clan could use this method to move their floating island forward. It's a bit strange." The solution is to order them not to pursue us. What we want is that base, there is no need to pursue them."

Everyone responded, and then immediately gave the order. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stopped chasing, then turned around and rushed towards the Death Cave City below. When the battle in the sky started, the Death Cave below Arrangements have already begun in the city. All the flightless Yakshas in Death Cave City are on the city wall, ready to fight at any time. At the same time, protective shields have also been set up here in Dead Cave City. Under their shields, there are There are many ghost faces, which look very ghostly, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know that this shield is definitely difficult to deal with, because this shield is almost the same as the shield on Lingkong Island. The shield is very difficult to deal with, and the shield on this city will definitely not be easy to deal with.

Sure enough, the shield on this city is really difficult to deal with. As soon as the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect attack the shield, those ghost faces will rush up and bite the energy beasts, and those ghost faces rely on the shield to survive. Health, energy beasts cannot attack them from other places, they can only attack them head-on. If they use ordinary energy to attack, it will be useless against the shield. If they bite, they can only bite them mouth to mouth. Such bites, There won't be any very good effects, so the attack efficiency of this shield is not very high.

And the Yashas in the city are not without any ability to fight back. From time to time, they will shoot one or two arrows from the city. These arrows are very fast and appear very suddenly. A ship is captured. If the arrow hits the energy beast, it will disappear immediately. The Blood Killing Sect disciple hit by the arrow will also be shot flying even though he is protected by the armor transformed from his body. Even if you don't die, you will still suffer some internal injuries, because the power of this arrow is too great and full of power. Even if it is really shot, even if the armor cannot be broken, the huge power will shock the blood killing sect. disciple.

As soon as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect saw this situation, they immediately changed their approach. They directly let the energy weapons on the Blood Killing Battle Fort fire energy bombs instead of launching energy beasts. This energy bomb would If something explodes, once it hits the shield, it will explode immediately, and the threat to the shield will be greater.

But at this time, Sheng Si looked at the dead cave city with a frosty face. This time he was sent out by Ding Chunming. He was originally sent to deal with those Lingkong commanders, just to get rid of them in one fell swoop. Shuai, he also wants to use this opportunity to establish his authority and let everyone in the Blood Killing Sect know that a number one figure like him exists.

Although Sheng Si didn't care much about these false reputations, when the sect made adjustments this time, he was already an elder at the branch elder level, but he was not very old, and his previous shots were inferior. There are not many, so many people in the sect don't know him very well. He thinks this is an opportunity to let everyone in the Blood Killing Sect know about their opportunity. You must know that he and Ding Chunming have been managing There are special disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. There are only more than a thousand of these specially trained disciples in the Blood Killing Sect. They can be said to be the best among the best. It is precisely because of this that those disciples have some arrogance, so he naturally needs to show some To convince those disciples, he also wanted to let other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know about him, so he wanted to take down Commander Lingkong in one fell swoop to establish his authority.

But he didn't expect that he failed to capture Commander Lingkong, and instead let him run away, which made him very angry. Now he saw that such a small town actually wanted to block the Blood Killing Sect's attack. It made him even more angry, so he took action.