c7143 Prepare

"A race that is strong in fighting? You have never seen metal?" Zhao Hai didn't believe it. Yasha has always been a strong fighting race. How could he not have seen metal? This is unreasonable. To be honest, Zhao Hai still He really didn't believe it, that's why he said this.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "I have paid attention to the weapons in the hands of those Yakshas before. The weapons in their hands should not be bad in strength, but they are the weapons used by flying Yakshas or the weapons used by ordinary Yakshas, ​​although they are all black. , I don’t know what material it is made of, but the quality seems to be good. If the quality is too poor, it is absolutely impossible to make weapons of so many shapes. Some weapons require very high strength of materials. High, take Commander Lingkong as an example. The weapon used by Commander Lingkong is a long knife, and it is also a very thin and very sharp long knife. If the material of such a long knife is not strong enough, If it is, it won’t be able to be made that long, it will be short, and even if it can be made, there will be no way to use it.”

Everyone nodded. They are all experts and they all know very well that the quality of the material determines the quality of the weapon. Therefore, if the long knife of Commander Ling Kong is not a good one, it means that it is not a good weapon. The material of the long knife is very good, otherwise it would not be able to be made that long. Even if it can be made that long, if the material is not strong enough, it cannot be used, and it will even break if it is picked up.

At this time, all the Yashas in the main hall of Lingkong City had finished watching the iron balls, and everyone had an expression of excitement on their faces. They were already ugly, but now that they were excited, their expressions were distorted, making them look ugly. They are even uglier, each one looks very hideous and terrifying.

Marshal Lingkong saw that everyone had seen them all. He waved his hand and summoned all ten iron balls to him. He looked at this one and touched that one. He was reluctant to let go of that one. But in the end he waved his hand and directly Just put away all those iron balls.

Zhao Hai and the others also felt that their eyes were blurred, and then they discovered that what they saw had changed. In front of their eyes, a lot of things, various weapons, and various magical weapons appeared. , apart from these things, there is nothing else. As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai immediately knew that Commander Lingkong had received these puppet disciples into his space equipment.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly and said in a deep voice: "It seems that sending the puppet disciples this time is really a party. Those yakshas won't sacrifice them, right? If that's really the case, That would be interesting, but it would also be very troublesome. If they keep treating those puppet disciples like this, wouldn't we be able to go to the Yaksha Realm? Are we going to send a second group of people there? "

Wen Wenhai and the others chuckled, and then Wen Wenhai knew it and said: "Boss, I don't think you need to worry. That Commander Lingkong attaches so much importance to those puppet disciples. He will definitely not keep them in the space equipment. He will definitely He will take it out again. When he takes out the puppet disciples, we will directly let those puppet disciples form a small base, and then we will kill them. We have to fight them anyway. As for the people there As for the combat effectiveness, we can slowly check it out after we get there. There is no need to worry. Regardless of whether the people there are strong or not, we will fight them."

Everyone else nodded, and Zhao Hai also nodded and said: "It seems that this is the only way to go. Send the order. Level one combat readiness, ready to take people over at any time. If we want to attack this time, we must first attack them." We have to capture the Sky City and the Dead Cave City. We must capture these two places and then build our base. I never expected that there is an island where you can fly in the sky. I don’t know how they did it.”

Chang Jun said: "Sect Master, that place should still be controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Otherwise, everything would not be black, even the light is gray. It may be due to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. There have been changes, so this situation occurs, but where did those yakshas come from? , is only found in the Buddhist scriptures on earth, not in the Buddhist scriptures in the world of cultivation. Normally, Yaksha will not appear here. Although the great power who refined this space should know about Yaksha, but It’s still a little strange to see a yaksha here.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "No matter where Yasha comes from, or why there is a small island that can float in the air, we must capture it. Let's prepare. When , those puppet disciples are being released, we are talking about when to attack and take down a base first." Everyone agreed, then turned around and left.

Now Chang Jun and the others also know some things about the earth, but Zhao Hai did not tell them the truth. He only said that it was a space that he had visited accidentally and lived there for a period of time. From there, he also He just brought some Buddhist scriptures and information and returned to the world of cultivation, but now he can't go there, and Zhao Hai also said that there is a demonic space there, but there is no spiritual energy at all there, and neither does he. He got there by chance and was almost trapped there without being able to come back. He believed that it would be impossible for others to get there.

It is precisely because of this that they will feel strange when they see the Yaksha in the Earth's Buddhist scriptures here. Chang Jun and the others think that this thing is a bit weird and don't know what is going on. Zhao Hai also thinks that this is This thing was indeed a bit weird, but he believed that they would figure out what was going on.

The reason why Chang Jun mentioned the origin of Yaksha is because he is very clear that there are indeed some problems with Yaksha's origin. In other words, it is impossible for Yaksha to know about the lower world, and naturally they will not know about it. It exists in an island-by-island situation, let alone knowing that there is a place like the City in the Sky, but now the Yasha here also has his own island that can float in mid-air. This thing is a bit weird.

But they also know very well that they are just guessing here, which is of no use. They have to enter the Yaksha Realm to know what is going on. It may even be impossible to know what is going on in the Yaksha Realm. It's okay, after all, they didn't know what was going on in the previous interfaces, let alone this one.

Although the others left the main hall, Zhao Hai did not leave. He had been watching the projection in the main hall, waiting for the projection to change. In fact, with his ability, he could act now and let those people Puppet disciples, build a teleportation array in that space equipment, and then teleport directly there. They can break through the opponent's space equipment and go directly to the Yaksha Realm.

But Zhao Hai did not do this, because he knew very well that he could do this, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could not do this. He now wanted to make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect as much as possible to fight independently so that they can get more training instead of relying on him all the time.

Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect performed very well in the Snake World, the enemies they faced in the Snake World were, to put it bluntly, the Snake People. They were still very rigid. It could be said that they were fighting against a Generally speaking, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is somewhat rigid in fighting. Although it can also get some exercise, such an opponent is actually not difficult to deal with.

But this time the yakshas they faced were different. These yakshas already had cities, armies, and ranks. From the way they talked, we could know that the wisdom of these yakshas was not bad. If we say In the snake world, if the opponents faced by the Blood Killer Sect were some beasts, then the opponents they faced this time were a group of people. Of course, people are more difficult to deal with than beasts, because people are wise and can think. They can make rebellions and fight back. This is where humans are more difficult than beasts.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can now be said to have experienced hundreds of battles. Even those dead soldiers can be said to have experienced hundreds of battles. However, they have not undergone military training, but this year , they have been under militarized management and have been receiving militarized training. Now the situation is very good, so they prepared very quickly. Just after Zhao Hai issued the first-level combat readiness order, not only By one hour, all the disciples were ready, and the team had even gathered together, ready to set off at any time.

However, Zhao Hai kept looking at the projection. There was still no change in the projection. He was not in a hurry. He just held a book and read it while sitting there waiting for the opportunity to attack. Wen Wenhai and the others also They all made arrangements and came to the main hall at once.

They are here to report to Zhao Hai. When it comes to actually commanding the battle, they will not command here in the main hall. They have a headquarters. This headquarters has been established by Zhao Hai a long time ago. When they were in the Snake World, they had always It is Wen Wenhai and the others who formed this headquarters to direct the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the battle. This time the Blood Killing Sect has made adjustments. The important elders in the command post are all core elders. It can be said that these elders are In the Blood Killing Sect, apart from Zhao Hai, they are the highest-ranking people. They can command the Blood Killing Sect's disciples to fight.

If it is another sect, if there is such a headquarters, then the sect leader of that sect will definitely be ignored, otherwise, it will cause a power struggle between the sect leader and the headquarters, but in the bloody killing In the sect, this will never happen. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect knows very well that Zhao Hai is the most powerful person in the Blood Killing Sect. His appeal is extremely powerful, and no one in the entire Blood Killing Sect can compare with it. Go to him, not to mention Wen Wenhai and the others are loyal to Zhao Hai, so with the existence of this command headquarters, there will be no problems.