c7151 Something happened

Everyone nodded. Although the way Lingkong Island moved forward was very strange, to be honest, they really didn't dare to underestimate it. After all, the size of Lingkong Island was there. If that thing really moved, I'm afraid nothing can stop it. Even if you kill all the cows pulling the island, the island will still have inertia, and it will still be very dangerous by then.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, and then said: "And actually I'm still worried about another thing, which is the kind of cow that hugs the island. Have we all seen that kind of big fat cow before?" What Wen Wenhai said was big The fat cow is naturally the kind that Zhao Hai attaches great importance to. Yasha raised it as a big beef cow for food. Because that kind of cow is very fat, Wen Wenhai called him the big fat cow.

Everyone nodded. They didn't know why Wen Wenhai was talking about the kind of cow that could pull the island away a moment ago, but the next moment he was talking about the big fat cow. What exactly did he want to say? This made Wen Wenhai Several of them were a little confused, so they all looked at Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai said: "Although there is nothing special about that kind of big fat cow, don't forget the kind of triangular cow that can run on the island, the kind of triangular cow that can pull the island and run. Not only can it fly in the sky, but it is also powerful. It's very big. If those Yakshas come up with a kind of cow that combines the advantages of two kinds of cattle, then the consequences will be too serious for us. If the defense of that kind of cow is stronger, it will be even more serious. It's so scary. Don't forget, those cow figures are there. If they really have a large monster that can fly, and add that kind of island that can fly, it can form a perfect battle. Once the system is established, it will be even more difficult to deal with it.”

Only then did everyone understand what Wen Wenhai meant, and their faces became serious. Chang Jun looked at everyone and said, "Also, Zhu Yong also said before that those Yashas are veterans who have experienced hundreds of battles. That means, Those Yakshas are very experienced in military affairs. With military experience, it is impossible for them to not have battle formations. In fact, the last time we fought against them, those flying Yakshas could already have three-dimensional battle formations, but their battle formations, They are very different from ours, but we can’t underestimate them. Plus the combat power of those Yashas, ​​to be honest, it’s really not bad, so we must be careful.”

Everyone nodded. Chang Jun was right. How could a race with such a strong military have no battle formations? Even if their battle formations were stronger, their battle formations were not necessarily suitable for the Yasha clan. The clan will definitely develop their own battle formation based on their characteristics, so the fighting power of the Yasha clan cannot be underestimated.

Wen Wenhai then said: "The last time we fought against the Yaksha clan, the reason why we defeated them so easily was because we took advantage of a surprise attack. If the people of the Yaksha clan were ready to start a full-scale war with us, Then we won't be able to take advantage of that. Then we will face a hard battle. Everyone must not forget what we have experienced in the snake world. Never underestimate these races. There is no one. It’s easy to deal with.”

Everyone stopped talking. Just like Wen Wenhai said, the Yasha clan is definitely not easy to deal with. Last time they took advantage of the attack and suffered a lot of losses, not to mention the subsequent attacks on the ground on the opposite side. After they sent all the aliens up, and everyone was still able to fly, it took several days to finally kill the people of the Yaksha clan in Death Cave City. All of them were wiped out, which is enough to show the strength of the Yasha clan. It is definitely difficult to deal with, and they must be careful.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The sect leader has now given all the power to us. Although he has always said that it is not a big deal even if we suffer a little loss, but I really don't want to fail, and I think all of you do too. Don’t you want to lose? Then there’s nothing to say. Get ready. Starting tomorrow, send the alien cavalry clan to the outside for reconnaissance. At the same time, let the Zerg be prepared. We must also do defensive reconnaissance underground. Don’t forget Yes, the Yaksha clan also has some earthly Yakshas."

Everyone responded, and Wen Wenhai turned to the others and said: "Let everyone get ready. No matter whether the Yasha clan will attack us or not, we will attack them sooner or later. We must not be polite to them. Let's take action. "Everyone responded in unison, and then they all turned and left.

After they left, Zhao Hai appeared in the hall with a smile. Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun had not left yet. The two were still discussing things. When they saw Zhao Hai coming, they quickly stood up and faced Zhao Hai. Hai saluted, Zhao Hai looked at the two of them and said with a smile: "Yes, you have done a very good job. Isn't this a good management? I will do this in the future, unless I encounter something that really cannot be solved. Otherwise, there is no need to inform me." After saying that, he turned and left.

Looking at Zhao Hai's back, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile bitterly, then turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, why do I feel that the boss seems to be less and less interested in taking care of things? With tens of billions of people, He just threw it to us, and he was relieved, I really didn’t know what to say.”

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Isn't that great? We people are not going to leave the Blood Killing Sect. We only need to help the sect. The more we do to help the sect leader, the stronger the sect leader will be. Qiang, when the sect ascends, we will also ascend with it. Isn’t this good? We can never let the sect focus on training and take care of the sect again, right? That’s not too great. Is it difficult for the sect leader?"

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, nodded and said: "You are right. This is actually a kind of training for us. As long as the leader can keep ascending, then all of us will benefit. Our original plan was not to become With the burden of the head, it is best to push the head forward, so that we can have hope. Otherwise, if it is up to us, we may not even have a chance to ascend here. Okay, let’s not talk about this, let’s go too. Make arrangements, this matter must be prepared as soon as possible."

Chang Jun nodded and said, "Yes, we must prepare as soon as possible, otherwise it will be very troublesome. Let's go." After saying that, the two of them walked outside, but they did not return to their rooms. Instead, they went directly to the headquarters. When they were directing the battle, they came to the headquarters because the things here were relatively complete, including projectors and various communicators, which were used in battle. If they are willing, they can even use the communicator here at the headquarters to directly give orders to each disciple. This cannot be done in other places, so when they command the battle, I generally prefer to come to the headquarters.

Of course, when they attacked the Snake Realm, they never used the headquarters because Xuanwu Island had stayed at the sound wave interface and did not go to the Snake Realm. Now Xuanwu Island has gone directly to the Yaksha Realm, so If they use the headquarters, there won't be any problems.

When they arrived at the headquarters, the two people immediately began to discuss with other elders. While discussing, they issued orders one after another. The war machine of the Blood Killing Sect began to operate at full strength, with various All supplies began to be allocated.

The logistics of the Blood Killing Sect are still in charge of Laura and the others. Laura and the others are not the core elders, but they are the wives of the sect leader, and they have always been in charge of the logistics of the Blood Killing Sect. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, All expressed that they were very satisfied with the current supplies of the Blood Killing Sect. This was all due to them. This time the Blood Killing Sect made adjustments, and Laura and the others did not participate in it, but their status has not changed at all. Yes, it's just that Zhao Hai assigned them more assistants, and those assistants can help them handle some chores.

In fact, the Blood Killing Sect is now on the right track. Each disciple has his or her own mission. Although some adjustments have been made, overall, there are not many adjustments, especially in terms of positions. Level re-adjustment can , the position cannot be adjusted casually, otherwise problems will occur, so the logistics of the Blood Killing Sect are still controlled by Laura and the others, and when a war is about to happen, the logistics must be prepared. There are many.

However, what the Blood Killing Sect is least worried about is logistics. They don’t have to worry about weapons. They have never worried about pills. Apart from these, there is no need to worry about other things. In the Blood Killing Sect, all disciples From their impression, they had never worried about these things from the day they joined the Blood Killing Sect, which shows how powerful Laura and the others are.

There is no need to worry about logistics. You only need to tell Laura and the others about the matter. In fact, from Wen Wenhai's point of view, there is no need to tell Laura and the others. I believe that Laura and the others have already made all the preparations. Get ready, you must know that Laura and the others have passed through more battle formations than they have ever passed, so there is nothing to worry about.

Now Wen Wenhai and the others are mainly worried about the cooperation of various arms, the movements of disciples, the use of various weapons, etc. This does not mean that they were not prepared in this area before, but their previous preparations were in the face of other The preparations made when the enemy entered, but now that they were facing the Yasha clan, they naturally had to make preparations again. It was precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai and the others were so careful.

Just when Wen Wenhai and the others were making preparations, two people from Kong came to the headquarters at the same time. One was Cang Ming, and the other was Wu Long. As soon as these two people appeared, everyone was stunned, but They knew immediately that something was going on underground. Because Cangming and Wulong are responsible for the underground defense and reconnaissance of the Blood Killing Sect. One of them is from the Zerg clan and the other is from the Kirigakure clan. They are both races that operate underground and are more convenient than on the ground. And this time The enemy they faced was a race with specialized underground fighting capabilities. Facing such a race, they had to be careful, so they sent both of them underground for reconnaissance and surveillance. Now they both came at the same time. , that can only mean that something happened underground.