c7158 wing

Gu Yuanzheng responded without saying anything. Wen Wenhai then said: "I asked everyone to leave the Blood Killing Battle Fort and form a fire support position behind you. I can give you some support with Mantianhuo. Skyfire's attack range is very far, so you must be careful."

Gu Yuanzheng responded, but there was no sound anymore. Wen Wenhai didn't care, but turned to Chang Jun and said: "Old Chang, it seems that things are really not easy to handle. If the enemy keeps attacking like this, For us, it is a trouble. I think if it doesn't work, we still have to send out the cavalry and the alien yaksha. If the enemy's cavalry comes to attack, we can know the coordinates as soon as possible. , let them kill directly and strangle the enemy at close range, so that maybe they can knock out a few enemy squads. In that case, the enemy will not dare to attack us at will like now, what do you think?"

As soon as he finished speaking, the enemy started another attack. It was still the same assault as before, and it was still throwing spears. But this time, some of their spears used sharp attributes. Those spears turned out to be... Then it pierced the body of the giant undead beast, making the giant undead beast look like a hedgehog. Of course, the giant undead beast did not suffer any injuries. An attack like this could not hurt him. , his armor was broken.

Chang Jun frowned as he watched this attack, and said in a deep voice: "The enemy's attack is really a headache. It's really a headache to keep attacking like this. You said you want to send cavalry." It's not a good idea to hang with them. Their speed is too fast, and haven't you seen it? They just hit and run and won't tangle with us at all. If we dare to chase them, I I'm really afraid that they will concentrate their superior forces and form an ambush, which will be even more troublesome. I don't think this method is very good."

Wen Wenhai frowned, and then said: "Then what do you want to do? This situation is really a headache. We can't let them keep attacking like this, right? That's not possible, that's too much Passive." Wen Wenhai was really anxious. The enemy's tactics are really a headache. The most important thing is that he will make you upset.

Chang Jun thought for a while, his eyes suddenly lit up and he said: "Old Wen, do you remember those disciples who specialize in poison? And those disciples who specialize in magic insects? You can let them come forward. In the undead clan, do you remember those disciples? In front, lay out a layer of poisonous gas areas, and at the same time arrange magical insects there, so that even if the enemy wants to attack, they will directly run into those poisonous gas areas. If they encounter the magical insect area, then Even better, if it’s those magic bugs, it’s enough for them to drink a shell.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes lit up, and he continued in a deep voice: "Yes, yes, this is indeed a good idea. Come and give the order, all disciples who use poison and disciples who use magic insects, all go Frontline support, in front of the undead clan, forms a poison zone fog and a magical insect zone. If the enemy dares to come, teach them a lesson. Even if you can't wipe out all the enemies, it can still serve as a warning. Let them ask Elder Gu for specific actions."

The disciple responded, turned around and gave the order. But at this time, Wen Wenhai took out the communication array and directly connected to Gu Yuanzheng and the King of Hell. Then he said: "Old Gu, Old Yan, I will take out all the poison masters in the sect." There are also people who study magical insects. They have all been sent to you. You must use them carefully. Set up poisonous fog areas and magical insect areas outside you. When enemies come, they will be poisoned. Even if they are not If you are poisoned, the magic bug will also serve as a warning to you, so you can decide the specific actions."

Gu Yuanzheng laughed and said: "Okay, Old Wen, this is a good idea, thank you very much. If the poisonous fog area and magic insect area are well defined, if the enemy dares to come, I will make sure they have no chance of coming back. "Yam Wang Ling also thanked the two of them. Although Yama Wang Ling's status in the undead clan is not as good as that of Gu Yuanzheng, his status is not low. It is only slightly worse than Gu Yuanzheng. Moreover, he can stand alone. That's why Wen Wenhai directly informed the King of Hell of his decision.

After notifying the two of them, Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief and said, "I didn't expect that we had just entered the Yaksha Realm and we were already so nervous. This Yaksha Realm is indeed different from other places. Where they are, their attacks are very rigid. As long as we win once, we will have a few days of rest. We don’t have to worry about the enemy coming to attack us again. But it’s different here. We have to be careful here at all times. When the enemy comes to attack us, these yakshas will not follow any rules, maybe this is the real war."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, this is the real war. The Yasha clan is different from other races. They don't have any rules. They are a race with their own civilization, so they don't care so much. But this is just right. When facing such an enemy, we can let go of our hands and feet and have a good fight with them."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chang Jun said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Yes, you are right, this is the real war. Those Yaksha will use all methods to deal with us now, and we will do the same to deal with them. So we have to be a little careful.”

Chang Jun nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The Yasha world is already so strong now, and we will encounter stronger interfaces in the future. I can't imagine how powerful those interfaces will be. Look, those guys are again Here we are, even if we want to arrange the poisonous fog area and magic insect area, it will still take a certain amount of time. Those Yakshas in the middle will not relax their attack on us."

Wen Wenhai took a look at the projection, and sure enough, those Yashas came to attack again, but this time the Blood Killing Sect had a Blood Killing Battle Fort nearby, and they immediately attacked him, bursts of fire filled the sky, and directly He shot it, which caused a lot of losses to the yakshas. Many yakshas were violently killed. After the yakshas died, they still left their yaksha teeth, but the cows they rode did not disappear. Instead, it fell to the ground.

Not many people came to attack from Yasha this time. As soon as they were attacked, they immediately retreated. After they left, the people from the Blood Killing Sect immediately stepped forward and began to collect the things left by Yasha, the eight-legged ones. Even if the cows were dead, they were still collected by the Blood Killer Sect, and all the Yaksha Teeth were also collected. All of the Yaksha Teeth entered the stomachs of the aliens, allowing some of the aliens to upgrade.

After this upgrade, all the alien yakshas being produced are all jogging yakshas. This is because they have killed more than a thousand flying yakshas. For the alien clan, one thousand is a tenth. The important number is, no matter what kind of creature it is, as long as they absorb a thousand characteristics of that creature, the aliens they create in the future will have the characteristics of this creature, as is the case with Feitian Yaksha.

The yakshas they made before were all ordinary yakshas, ​​because the number of flying yakshas they killed was not very large, less than a thousand, so the yakshas they made were not flying yakshas, ​​just ordinary ones. Yaksha, now that the number of flying Yakshas killed has reached one thousand, then their nest can be upgraded. All the Yakshas produced in the future will be flying Yakshas, ​​because among Yakshas, ​​this kind of The status of Feitian Yaksha is obviously higher than that of ordinary Yaksha, and the reason why they have a high status is because they have stronger fighting power. Of course, the alien clan has to become the strongest, so their brood has directly evolved. .

Just when Wen Wenhai and the others received the news that the alien clan had completed the evolution of Feitian Yaksha, another person came to the command hall. This person was none other than Bai Yan. As soon as they saw Bai Yan arriving at the command hall, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun Both of them couldn't help being stunned, and then the two of them immediately understood. Bai Yan might have come to ask why the Necromancer clan was on top of this battle. You must know that in the past, it was all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. One time, the undead clan took over. Bai Yan had always been the frontline commander of the Blood Killing Sect, so naturally he wanted to ask.

Looking at Bai Yan's look, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then said: "Bai Yan, why are you here? But what's the matter?" Although he almost knew why Bai Yan came, he still had to ask, wait until Bai Yan When he really asked, he was explaining to Byakugan.

He rolled his eyes and looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "Elder Wen, when I come here this time, I actually have some things I want to discuss with Elder Wen. I also want to discuss it with you and ask for your opinions." Wen Wenhai was surprised. Unexpectedly, Bai Yan did not come to ask for punishment, which made Wen Wenhai a little puzzled.

Wen Wenhai rolled his eyes and said, "Old Bai, what do you want from Lao Wen? Do you want to build some special magic weapon? Or do you want to ask about the magic circle?" Wen Wenhai is really serious. I didn't expect that Bai Yan actually had something to discuss with Wen Yuming. Apart from these two things, I'm afraid there's nothing else to do, right? That's why he asked.

Bai Yan said: "I want to discuss some changes in the armor we have transformed into. This time when we faced the Yaksha clan, the wings of those flying Yaksha gave me a lot of inspiration. Those In fact, the main function of the wings of Feitian Yaksha is not to fly, but to make them more flexible in the air. If we can make the armor of our body grow such a pair of wings, then Will it make our disciples' movements become more flexible? However, any change in the external armor requires some adjustments to be made in the formation first, otherwise problems may arise, so I I want to ask Lao Wen to see if there is any way they can do this to make our external avatars grow wings, and at the same time make our external avatars more powerful."