c7157 raid

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun were stunned at first, and then they burst into laughter at the same time. They had forgotten that this place was affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's magic circle, and they were actually still being affected by the Shadow Clan's magic circle. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is suppressed. In this case, their mental power will naturally be affected by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, so it is normal for them to be unable to discover those Yakshas. It is really nothing. How strange.

Chang Jun stopped after a while, looked at Wen Yuming and said, "Lao Wen, thank you for reminding me, otherwise the two of us would have really forgotten about this matter. Those Yakshas have their own The civilization system even has its own army, which makes us forget for a moment that this place is still affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and we actually regard them as existences like our Blood Killing Clan. It shouldn't be, it's so inappropriate. .”

Hearing the name, he also smiled slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Now Lao Zhang is studying our Foli Metal. He just hopes that Foli Metal also has this ability. If there is this ability in Foli Metal, can it not release a little bit?" Only when the energy fluctuates can such an ability be used to its fullest effect. Okay, I'll go back first, I'm still busy now." After saying that, he hugged his fists at the two of them, turned around and left.

Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming's back, sighed softly and said: "Speaking of which, these elders Wen Yu have made the greatest contribution to our Blood Killing Sect. The things they have researched have completely changed our Blood Killing Sect. The structure of the Blood Killing Sect, especially the invention of blood metal, has made our Blood Killing Sect instantly become extremely powerful. We no longer have to worry about metals. There are also those magic circles, which can be said about every step of our Blood Killing Sect. Development, they have all made huge contributions.”

Chang Jun said with a smile: "Yes, they have really worked hard these years, but they can't do it without us. Without us, they still have the ability to focus on research. I'm afraid that if there is a battle, they will At that time, they will still have time to do any research, and naturally it will not be possible to develop like now."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Let's not talk about this, let's talk about the Yaksha clan. The Yakshas that appear now are divided into ordinary Yaksha, flying Yaksha and earthly Yaksha. Do you think there are other types? Yaksha? And their monster beasts, do you think they will really appear? Those monster beasts that are very powerful in combat and can be used as large-scale magic?"

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "It's really hard to say this, but I'm worried that they will appear. Large magic weapons. Don't forget, they have their own civilization system, they have their own runes, they have their own If there are magic weapons, there is no guarantee that they will not have their own large magic weapons. Commander Lingkong doesn’t have large magic weapons, but it doesn’t mean that other people don’t have large magic weapons either. What if they also have large magic weapons? This is something we have to guard against. of."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "That's right. If they also have large magic weapons, it will really give people a headache, and the speed of those yakshas will really give people a headache. If those yakshas really have their own If they use the method of battle formation, they will definitely give full play to their speed advantage. Then will they also have some very fast large monsters? If there really are such monsters, that is What troubles us the most is that our Blood Killing Battle Fort cannot compare with those large monster beasts in terms of flexibility. Facing those large monster beasts, we have no way to kill them in one go. That’s the biggest headache.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he heard the voice of Gu Yuanzheng: "A large number of flying yakshas are approaching us. Warning, a large number of flying yakshas are approaching us, very fast." After finishing speaking, There was no sound, but this sound attracted the attention of Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun.

They just said that the Yasha clan might not attack them so soon, but they didn't expect that they would come in the blink of an eye, and they came so fast. How could they not be surprised? The two people's attention immediately It moved to the projection, but now the enemy's shadow has not appeared in the projection.

Just when they were a little puzzled, they saw a projection where a small black dot suddenly appeared. These small black dots were densely packed in a large area. They didn't know how many there were. In the blink of an eye, those small dots appeared. He rushed to a giant undead beast and launched an attack on the giant undead beast.

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun also saw what those little dots were at this time. Those little dots were actually Yaksha cavalry, and they were Yaksha cavalry flying in the sky. That's right, those Yaksha cavalry were flying in the sky. All flying The cavalry all rode eight-legged oxen, and with weapons in their hands, they rushed towards the undead beast.

However, they did not get close to the giant undead beast. When they were still far away from the giant undead beast, they directly threw the weapons in their hands towards the giant undead beast. The weapons in their hands were all There were black spears. The attack range of these spears was actually not close, about two miles. After they threw the spears, they immediately turned a corner and ran straight away. They disappeared in the blink of an eye. For them The results of the battle were not even glanced at.

After those spears hit the giant undead beast, the giant undead beast's body sank obviously, and fell about a hundred meters from the sky. Only then did it stabilize its figure, and then slowly flew away. They stood up, and during the whole process, the people of the Necromancer clan did not even have a chance to take action, and the other party had already retreated.

Just when Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun didn't know what was going on, they heard the voice of Gu Yuanzheng saying: "It's a surprise attack. There is a gravity circle on the spear thrown by the enemy. In an instant, it is The undead behemoth is blessed with countless gravity spells. If the undead behemoth didn't also have an external incarnation, it might suffer a big loss and fall to death. We must pay attention to it in the future. .”

Only then did Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun understand what was going on. Wen Wenhai couldn't help frowning and said: "I really didn't expect that the enemy could use a gravity array to such an extent, and their spears were also very powerful. They are so domineering, they can actually throw them so far, and their power is not small. Even if they don't have large monsters, having such cavalry is already a huge headache."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, a gravity array can be used at this level. This is really impressive. If we didn't have an external incarnation, if they attacked like this, it would be It will pose a huge threat to us, just like just now, if the undead beast had not had an external incarnation on it, it would have fallen to death. It seems that we must find a way to solve this matter."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Let the Blood Kill Battle Fort go out, and form a fire support position behind the Necromancer clan. It should not be a problem to deal with the energy beasts and Skyfire on the Blood Kill Battle Fort against those cavalry. Yes, and it can be seen from this attack that the enemy will probably have more attacks like this in the future, because they are very fast. After attacking us, they will retreat immediately. If we really catch up , they are afraid that they will ambush us, and such an attack is enough to give people a headache."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Their magical weapons are good, and they also have those cows. Those cows are very powerful. I didn't expect them to be so fast. It actually allowed them to form such a powerful queen. It is indeed We have to be careful about them and move the Blood Killing Battle Fort out."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then nodded to the messenger standing by. The messenger responded and immediately went to deliver the order. Soon, the Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Fort began to move. They drove towards the outside of the base. Just when the Blood Killing Battle Fort was about to move, the enemy unexpectedly came to attack. Just like the last time, they were also cavalry. They also came up and threw spears for a while, and then turned around and left. , they didn’t even look at the results of the battle, and although the undead giant beast they attacked had defense, its body still fell down dozens of meters, and then it stabilized its figure. After all, it was blessed with so many gravity spells. , even if they have external avatars to help, it is not that easy to resolve.

Wen Wenhai looked at the enemies slowly disappearing in the projection, and said in a deep voice: "It seems that the enemy wants to use this method to deal with us. You said, if the enemy uses more gravity arrays to attack those dead If the giant spirit beast keeps attacking, will it really make the giant undead beast fall from the sky to the ground?"

Chang Jun also frowned and said in a deep voice: "It's hard to say. If we really give them such a chance, it is really possible for the undead beast to fall to the ground from the sky. But if we are given some If given time, the disciples in the undead beast will come out of his body and fight back, and by that time, the enemy will probably not have an easy time either."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he immediately connected to Gu Yuanzheng's communication circle and said: "Old Gu, why don't you install energy weapons on the body of the undead? What about their magic attacks? What if? If the giant undead beast is equipped with energy weapons, and with the magic of the giant undead beast, it should be able to deal with the enemy, right?"

The voice of Gu Yuanzheng came: "It's difficult. Ordinary energy weapons cannot be used here. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws here is really oppressive to us. Energy weapons are not very useful here. , the power is greatly limited, and the sky fire is more effective, but the undead beast is not filled with sky fire, and if they want to use the spell, they also need a certain amount of time to prepare. The enemy If we are too far away and move too fast, even if we send spells, they won't pose much of a threat to them, so they will always be useless."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, I understand. You must be careful. The enemy may always use this method to deal with you. If the enemy comes in large numbers next time and uses gravity spells in large quantities, that may It will shoot down the undead beast directly, so be careful and make all disciples ready to attack at any time."