c7159 Armory

When Wen Wenhai heard what Bai Yan said, he was stunned at first, but then his eyes lit up. He felt that Bai Yan's method was really good. If it could really succeed, it would mean that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would be better off. The ceremony will be faster, which is definitely a good thing for them. It will make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect become even more powerful.

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Okay, come on, go and ask Elder Wen to come over right away." After saying that, he turned around and rolled his eyes and laughed loudly: "Old Bai, I thought you were here to ask me. , why did I send the undead clan to fight this time instead of letting you fight? I was already prepared and waiting for you to attack. I didn’t expect that you came here for this matter. Hahahaha, but I was scared. I jumped."

When Bai Yan heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but roll his big eyes, and said impatiently: "Am I that stupid? You can mobilize the undead clan at will. Yes, during the war, you are You can mobilize them at will, but the decision to let them take the lead is not something you can make. To put it bluntly, Lao Wen, you don't have that kind of pressure. Such a decision can only be made by the sect leader, and you can't do it. It’s just execution, so when I saw the undead clan, I already knew that this was the sect master’s order, and I had already explained it to the disciples below.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but patted his shoulder hard and said: "Okay, Lao Bai, you are still smart. You are right. I really can't make such a decision. Yes, only the sect master can make such a decision. We people are far behind compared to the sect master."

Baiyan nodded, and then said: "The undead clan is very powerful in combat. I have seen it before. When they fought against those Yashas, ​​they were not inferior at all, especially in terms of speed. I think The enemy doesn't have too many eight-legged oxen cavalry. What we have to face in the future are still the ordinary flying yakshas. If we just rely on the alien clan or the undead clan, we can deal with those flying yakshas. But there will be some difficulties, but if all our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have wings and become very flexible, then we will not be at a disadvantage against those flying yakshas."

Wen Wenhai nodded and agreed with Bai Yan's statement. At this time, Wen Yuming also came to the headquarters. As soon as he entered the headquarters, he said to Wen Wenhai with an ugly face: "Old Wen, what's the matter with you? I've made a promise, if you can't come Trouble me, and you will see how I deal with you."

It is well known that their Shenji Hall is really busy right now, so in such a short period of time, Wen Wenhai was called to the headquarters twice. He seemed very dissatisfied, so he greeted Wen Wenhai as soon as he entered the door. Hai lost his temper. They were all core elders and all had old friends, so naturally they would not be polite when speaking.

Wen Wenhai said quickly: "Come on, Lao Wen, I really have something to do with you this time. Lao Bai came to me just now and told me about the improvement of our external incarnations. I think this idea is very important." That's good, so I asked someone to invite you, what? Don't you want to hear it? "

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he immediately stopped being angry. Instead, he turned to look at Baiyan and said, "Old Bai, is what Old Wen said true? Do you really want to improve your external incarnation? Why? Improvement? Tell me." To put it bluntly, Wen Yuming is a person like a scientist. He strives for excellence in the things he makes. At the same time, he also wants to see what he has made. , how can he do it more perfectly, so he attaches great importance to those who can provide him with ideas, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have long been accustomed to their behavior.

Baiyan smiled and said: "Old Wen is wrong. I don't want to improve the external avatar, but I want to improve the armor we are wearing now, which is the armor transformed by the external avatar." Baiyan is very Clearly, the external incarnation and the armor transformed from the external incarnation are two different concepts, so he quickly clarified.

When Wen Yuming heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned, but then he frowned and said, "Oh, it's armor. That person told me how to improve it." When Bai Yan said it was armor, Wen Yuming couldn't help but frown. So interested, he really thought that Byakugan had the idea to improve his external incarnation.

The way Bai Yan looked at him, he knew what he was thinking, so he smiled slightly and said: "I also got inspiration from those flying yakshas. Lao Wen, you said that if the armors of our Blood Killing Sect disciples were all put on With a pair of wings, will that help improve the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect disciples?"

When Wen Yuming heard what Bai Yan said, he couldn't help being stunned, but then he frowned and began to think deeply. After a while, he nodded, and then said with bright eyes: "Not bad, Lao Bai, this of yours" It's a good idea, and it opened up an idea for me. Hahaha, I seem to have figured out something. No, I want to go back and do experiments right away." After saying that, he planned to walk out, but was stopped by the person closest to him. Chang Jun stopped him immediately.

Chang Jun looked at Wen Yuming and said: "Lao Wen, tell us what you thought of. Don't just turn around and run out without saying anything. What do you want us to do? Tell us first. Tell me your ideas, and then it’s not too late to go back and do experiments, it won’t be too late anyway.”

Wen Yuming was grabbed by Chang Jun and was a little dissatisfied, but he still stopped and then said: "Before, I have been thinking about how to make the incarnation of the body play a greater role. Now our Blood Killing Sect In fact, there are not many attack methods for disciples. Combat formations, close combat, and energy weapons. All in all, there are only these three. I have always thought about how to make our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect more effective in combat. How about powerful? When we heard what Lao Bai said just now, it really made us think of a way, and that is to find a way to use weapons."

Wen Wenhai and the others looked at Wen Yuming with some confusion, not knowing what he meant. Wen Yuming looked at them and said with a smile: "We have always underestimated the external incarnation too much. In fact, what is our external incarnation? It is equivalent to a weapon refining hall that can make magic weapons at will. It is also the fastest weapon refining room in the world. With the help of the optical brain, we can completely command it. Many magic weapons can also be made into many magic weapons at the same time. This is a great thing. Why didn't we think of it before? When Lao Bai mentioned wings, I immediately thought of one kind of magic weapon, one kind of magic weapon. It’s the most suitable magical weapon for our Blood Killing Sect, and we also thought of this method.”

Wen Wenhai and the others still didn't understand. Wen Yuming looked at them and rolled his eyes: "I said, why don't you understand? Magical weapons, a large number of magical weapons, what I said is the most suitable for our blood." The magic weapon used by the disciples of the Killing Sect is a magic weapon called Sword Wings. This kind of magic weapon is usually shrunk, and nothing can be seen behind the armor. It may even be very beautiful, but when it comes to fighting, When the time comes, he can open it and turn into two huge wings. These two huge wings can not only help our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fly, but the feathers on the wings can also be turned into sharp swords, which can be shot directly. When he went out, his attack power was very powerful. The reason why he did not prepare a large amount of this kind of magic weapon for all the disciples before was because this kind of magic weapon consumes too much. Not all of the flying swords released can be controlled. Yes, there are some flying swords. After they are shot out, they cannot be taken back. The consumption is too great, but now we don’t have to worry, because we have the incarnation outside the body, we don’t have to worry about the consumption of the flying swords at all, and because the body is There are our spiritual imprints in the outer incarnation. After the war, we only need to clean up the battlefield and take back all the flying swords. Even if we don't take them back, it doesn't matter. If we lose it, we will lose it. , it’s nothing extraordinary, but actually, I still want to be able to take those swords back, and I need to study this carefully when I get back.”

He paused for a moment, then said: "Then I thought about it. If you can make a magic weapon like sword wings on the body's armor, then you can make other magic weapons, such as We can talk about flying swords with various attributes, sonic attack weapons, or extremely penetrating weapons like human arrows, etc. You can also create some more special weapons, such as hammers, ropes, etc. It is said that when we have an external incarnation, it is equivalent to carrying a huge arsenal of weapons that can never be used up. If we really achieve this, don't you think that the strength of our Blood Killing Sect disciples will be greatly increased? Increase?”

Wen Yuming's words made everyone sitting here look at each other in confusion. They never thought that with a blank look, he just said that he wanted to put wings on the armor of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but when they arrived at Wen Yuming's place, it turned into a huge Incomparable, and there is still an arsenal of endless weapons and ammunition. Is this a big change? They also had to admit that people like Wen Yuming and others from Shenji Hall had really great imaginations, and they had to admire them.

Looking at the dumbfounded people, Yu Yu snorted and said: "I really don't have anything to say to you guys. Anyway, just wait. We will tell you after we finish the research." After that, He shook his head again, looked at a few people with disdain, and left in a blink of an eye.

In the entire Blood Killing Sect, there are really not many people who dare to look at Wen Wenhai and the others with such eyes, but they also know Wen Yuming's character, and Wen Yuming's current performance is already very good. Well, if it weren't for the fact that they were so familiar with each other, Wen Yuming's performance would have been even worse, so it would have been nice not to directly scold him.

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "Okay, let Lao Wen and the others solve this kind of thing. If we talk more, we will only make Lao Wen roll his eyes. If we talk too much, he might curse others. This guy is now His temper is getting worse. No one can do anything to him except the sect master. I have discovered that the people in our Shenji Hall are all a bunch of lunatics. There is really no reason to talk to them. But if they really Once the research is done, it will be a good thing for our Blood Killing Sect."