c7155 Undead attack

Chang Jun glanced at the flying yakshas who were disappearing and appearing, and said in a deep voice: "They are very fast, and they probably have some ways to hide themselves. Sun Buyu and their numbers are hidden, and he wants to take down such a large number of people." It is obviously impossible to control all the territory and prevent a Yaksha scout from coming over. It is not their fault. I think it is better to let them come back and send the undead clan up. Those undead clan can use the undead clan to With the giant beast as the base, they control each area in pieces, and with their large number of people, I think they should be able to block those flying yakshas."

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, nodded and said: "Yes, it should be possible. After they are boned, they will grow wings. They are very fast and have strong combat effectiveness. Okay, let's leave this task to them. Come on, let the alien cavalry come back, they can't use it now even if they are strong." Chang Jun nodded and gave the order directly, and naturally someone would convey the order.

Soon, the alien cavalry returned directly to the base. Huge figures immediately flew up from the base. These figures were all undead behemoths. The reason why these undead behemoths were used was not to let the bloody battle Bao went to war because these undead beasts had not gone to war for a long time, and now it was time for them to move.

In fact, no one knows that the biggest difference between the undead clan like Gu Yuanzheng and the undead creatures turned into by blood-killing disciples is that these undead clan entered Zhao Hai's space, and the blood-killing disciples became The undead creatures have never entered Zhao Hai's space.

This may seem like nothing, but in fact, the difference is very big. The undead clan that enters the space can be upgraded directly. Just like the alien clan, they can also absorb the energy of some monsters. Genes upgrade themselves, and it is precisely because of this that the combat effectiveness of these undead tribe is so strong.

This is the case now. The fighting power of Gu Yuanzheng and their disciples is actually stronger than that of many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because they have all the things that the Blood Killing Sect disciples have, and they still have what the Blood Killing Sect disciples don’t have. In this case , their fighting power is naturally stronger than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Gu Yuanzheng and the others now have some of the genes of the flying yaksha in their bodies, which will make their wings more flexible and fly faster, and those undead behemoths are even more amazing, those undead beasts Giant beasts have many kinds of genes in their bodies. Zhao Hai added the genes of the giant bull into the bodies of the undead giant beasts, which made them even more powerful. And these giant beasts can also be regarded as members of the Blood Killing Sect. Disciples, they also have external incarnations, so their defense is also very strong. The most important thing is that they can also create an inner space in their bodies. Although it may not be big, it can be equipped with some undead clan. There is no problem.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai is so relieved this time and sends out the undead clan. It can be said that the undead clan has fully grown up now. If he really lets go with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, If it is right, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may be the last to die, especially those undead monsters. Their attack methods may not be as many as the Blood Killing Battle Castle, but when he faced the Blood Killing Battle Castle, the Blood Killing Battle Castle wanted to I'm afraid it will be difficult to deal with him, but he is much more flexible than the Blood Killing Castle.

Zhao Hai was also very concerned about the upgrading of the Necrons before. He knew very well that the Necrons and the Aliens were his die-hard loyalists. He had to make these two races stronger. The Aliens were not so good. It's easy to handle, because if their intelligence is not activated, they can only maintain their alien appearance, so they cannot be left out too much.

The undead clan is different. There are many undead clans who actually live in Zhao Hai's hell space. There is absolutely no problem in upgrading them there. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai He transformed the Necromancer clan and also allowed them to learn the Rubik's Cube Formation and the Magic Array. It was precisely because he wanted them to learn these things that Zhao Hai did not let the Necromancer clan go into battle before. Recently, the Necromancer clan After learning all these things, Zhao Hai gave such an order.

When the Necromancer clan went to war, it was Laura and the others who commanded them to fight. Zhao Hai would not usually direct the Necromancer clan to fight. After the Necromancer clan formed an army, when they were fighting, Laura and the others were in charge most of the time, which was also a privilege that Zhao Hai gave to Laura and the others.

It is precisely because of these that the undead clan is actually a self-contained entity in the Blood Killing Sect, but they have a lot of contact with the people in the Blood Killing Sect, and they usually have a lot of exchanges, so the people in the Blood Killing Sect I don’t think there is anything wrong with it. In addition, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will turn into undead creatures after they die in battle. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have no objection to the undead clan, so now the undead clan can be said to have completely Integrated into the Blood Killing Sect.

Gu Yuanzheng was now sitting on top of a giant undead beast. He looked at the sky and suddenly said in a deep voice: "Each team is moving separately. We have to form a net to protect the entire base. Hurry. "Following his order, those giant undead beasts immediately started moving. Each giant beast was an action team, and there were ten thousand people in each action team. They were not far away, so There is also a mutual care.

At this time, suddenly a giant undead beast that was moving forward saw several flying yakshas. Those flying yakshas were hiding not far from the giant spirit beast and looking at him. They had... There is a hint of camouflage, and if you are far away, you can't see them at all.

This undead beast was a rhinoceros-like undead beast, but it was much bigger than a rhinoceros. He turned his head, leaving only a skeleton head with two empty eye frames. Inside, two groups of green will-o'-the-wisps were burning, as if they were a pair of cold and ruthless eyes looking at those flying yakshas.

Those flying yakshas were a little embarrassed by the giant undead beast. They were all experts. As soon as they saw the giant undead beast looking at them and the will-o'-the-wisp in its eyes, one of them immediately shouted loudly. He said: "Get out, this thing is alive." After saying that, he moved and wanted to leave. The other Feitian Yaksha also reacted and turned around to leave immediately.

But at this moment, several skeletons suddenly appeared next to the giant beast. These skeletons were not big in size, only the size of normal people, but behind them, there were actually a pair of Wings, and then their wings were suddenly opened. At the same time, their bodies and their wings were all covered with a layer of metal. Then their wings flapped violently, and the next moment they appeared in the Those flying yakshas less than a hundred meters behind them looked like they were moving instantaneously. In fact, they were not moving instantaneously, they were just flying too fast.

The flying yakshas also noticed the skeletons. When they saw the skeletons, they suddenly appeared behind them. They couldn't help but feel the souls of the dead. The leading flying yaksha stopped without thinking. Then he moved his hand, There was an extra spear in his hand. He held the spear in both hands and stared at the undead clan.

Some of the other flying yakshas were still flying forward, and some also stopped and took out their weapons, facing the undead clan. Of course, those flying forward wanted to escape, and those Those who stayed had the same thoughts as the leader. He knew that he couldn't escape because the undead clan was too fast and they had no chance to escape. It was better to stay there and fight with the undead clan. spell.

Several people from the Necromancer clan also separated and chased the flying Yaksha who escaped. However, for the few people who stayed behind, the Necromancer clan did not attack immediately. Instead, they all stopped and looked at them. , it took a while for a member of the undead clan to open his mouth, and laughed loudly and said: "Hahaha, you made a really good choice. You didn't follow those guys to escape. Those guys are probably dead now, and you stayed Come down, but it is possible to kill a few of us. Yes, it is really good." As he spoke, several screams came, and those flying yakshas knew without looking that they must be those companions who escaped. Having been killed by these skeletons, their faces became even more ugly.

The leading Feitian Yaksha looked at the skeletons and said, "Who are you? Why do you come to our Yaksha world and why do you want to kill our people?" This Feitian Yaksha obviously wanted to find out the details of the Blood Killing Sect, but He didn't hold out much hope. If he thought about it, the other party might not tell him the real situation.

The person from the undead clan looked at the Yakhas and smiled slightly: "We are the Blood Killing Sect. Of course we are here to conquer this place. Do you still need to ask such a simple question? Okay, I have already told you our I will save you from being a fool, so you can go and die." After saying that, he waved his hand, and the people of the undead clan rushed over immediately.

When the flying yakshas saw the skeletons coming up to kill them, they roared wildly and rushed over with their spears. The weapons of both sides collided fiercely in the air. The weapons in the hands of the flying yakshas were all marked with In terms of attributes, their weapons have very single attributes, but this single attribute is very powerful, much stronger than ordinary attributes. When colliding with the weapons in the hands of skeletons, it is very powerful for them. Weapons will also have a certain impact.

However, the weapons in the hands of these skeletons are all transformed from their external incarnations. There are also many magic weapons on their weapons. Even if Feitian Yaksha's weapons have a certain impact on their weapons, The impact is not very big. Feitian Yaksha's weapons really don't take any advantage against the weapons of the Blood Killing Sect.

The number of flying yakshas was still too small. Soon all the flying yakshas were wiped out by the skeletons. Naturally, all the yaksha teeth on their bodies were collected by them. These things were to be sent back to the sect. Because these things not only have some effect on their undead clan, they are even more useful on the alien clan.