c7152 Cruel methods

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw the two of them, his expression changed. He immediately waved his hand and called them over, and then said to them: "What's going on? Why are you two here together? But something happened underground. ?" Not only Wen Wenhai, but also everyone else looked at the two of them. They also knew very well what it meant for the two of them to appear together, and they all wanted to hear what the two of them had to say.

Cang Ming turned his head and glanced at Wulong. Wulong nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "There is movement underground. There is a large yaksha coming towards us from the underground. There are many of these yakshas. How many are there specifically?" , we haven’t figured it out yet, but they are very powerful, and each of them is about one foot tall. The most important thing is that they have a sky ball of fire on their heads, and that ball of fire can directly destroy the earth. Separate, their heads are all triangular or half-moon-shaped, with two eyes, one at the top and one at the bottom. The nostrils can be retracted, and one reaches the sky and the other reaches the ground. Their appearance is very ugly and very scary, but at first glance You know that they are not weak. They move freely in the soil and are very fast. The most important thing is that they seem to be able to see through the soil, because our disciples who were scouting outside were discovered by them. We Wulong The Clan lost several people, the Zerg also lost some people, and the two sides even fought each other.”

Hearing what Wulong said, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "How is it? What's the strength of those guys?" Wen Wenhai really wanted to know the strength of those earthly yakshas. How, they can see that the strength of those earthly yakshas should be very powerful.

Wulong said solemnly: "Very good, very powerful. They are very good at earth-based spells, and their defense is very strong. There is no difference between being in the ground and outside. The attack power is even better than ours. The Dragon Clan is even stronger, but they are in the earth. They don’t seem to be as far away as our Mist Dragon Clan, but they are definitely much farther away than the Alien Zerg Clan. The Alien Zerg Clan are preparing to deal with them, but before they can get close to them, they use earth elements. The magic killed a lot of people, making them very difficult to deal with."

Wen Wenhai's face was a little ugly. He frowned, then turned to Cang Ming and said, "Cang Ming, what do you think? Let me tell you." Wen Wenhai didn't know much about underground fighting, so he I feel that Cang Ming should be allowed to speak. After all, Cang Ming and the others are the ones fighting those earthly yakshas.

Cang Ming said solemnly: "Although we Zerg can fight underground, we cannot see through the soil. When we fight with the enemy, we usually dig out a battlefield first and then fight the enemy there. But In these ground yakshas, ​​they can clearly see the situation underground. It is difficult for us to get close to them, so it becomes very difficult to deal with them. I mean, the best way is to find a way to kill them. As long as we kill a few ground Yakshas, ​​we Zerg can absorb their genes and evolve. As soon as we evolve, we can see through the soil underground and evolve earth-based spells. , then we can deal with them."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but frowned and said: "I'm afraid it's not enough to just kill a few earthly yakshas. If you, the alien clan, want to completely transform into each other, you don't need to absorb genes from many places." Okay? Just like the flying yaksha. Because the number of flying yaksha teeth we found is too small, so now the alien yakshas are basically ordinary yakshas, ​​not flying yakshas. If you only absorb the genes of a few earthly yakshas , I’m afraid he doesn’t have that ability, right?”

Cang Ming looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "We, the alien clan, want to transform into yakshas. There are actually two ways. One is the method used by the alien yakshas and others. They kill a large number of yakshas and get yaksha teeth. In this way, we We can obtain a large amount of Yaksha genes through Yaksha teeth. In the future, when our mother nest creates a family of aliens, all of them can become Yakshas. If we fail to absorb enough genes, we will not become Yakshas. It looks like the current flying yaksha, but there is another method. This method can speed up, but it does not help the mother nest at all. That is to devour. As long as we kill an earthly yaksha, we will If you can devour that Yaksha Zerg, one Zerg will evolve into the Earth-walking Yaksha Zerg. When other Zerg races devour that Yaksha Zerg, there will be many Earth-walking Yaksha Zerg, which will allow other Zerg races to devour it. , Devour those Zerg races, then we will have more Zerg races evolve, and as long as we keep devouring them like this, we will have more and more Earth-walking Yaksha Zerg races."

Hearing what Cang Ming said, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but be stunned for a while. They never thought that Cang Ming would come up with such an idea. This is tantamount to killing each other. In this way, a large number of earthly yakshas can be obtained. The gene allows more Zerg to evolve into the Earth-walking Yaksha Zerg. This method is very fast, but it is also too cruel. It is equivalent to allowing the Zerg to quickly become stronger by eating its own companions. Although this method is very effective, it sounds creepy and makes people feel chilled from the inside out.

In the past, people like Wen Wenhai and others only knew that the alien clan was the most powerful race in the entire Blood Killing Sect. This statement was said by Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai has always controlled the development of the alien clan, except for those who have changed. Apart from the aliens who can practice as humans, it is rare to see other aliens in the Blood Killing Sect.

It is precisely because of this that although Wen Wenhai and the others know that the Alien clan is very powerful, they have never quite understood why Zhao Hai has always said that the Alien clan is the most powerful race in the Blood Killing Sect. , there are so many people with strong fighting ability, how can the alien family be counted?

Moreover, Wen Wenhai and the others have never quite understood why Zhao Hai must control the development of the alien clan? This is wrong. Controlling the development of the alien clan will allow more Blood Killing Sect disciples to participate in the battle, and the casualties will be greater. Why would Zhao Hai do such an obvious thing?

Now when they heard what Cang Ming said, they almost understood why Zhao Hai did what he did. If the alien clan was really allowed to develop without any control at all, it would be terrible. The alien clan can completely use this kind of Due to the way of self-mutilation, they developed rapidly. Although their combat effectiveness may not be strong at the beginning, once they develop in this way, with their ability to produce new aliens almost infinitely, they will not be able to produce new aliens. Who will be their opponent? By that time, I am afraid that wherever these aliens pass by, there will really be no grass growing.

Wanwan looked at Wen Wenhai and the others. He knew what Wen Wenhai and the others were thinking, so he said directly: "This method cannot be used often, and we will not use it without permission. This is The young master's instructions, but this time the situation is quite special. If our Zerg cannot be alienated, then there will be no good way to deal with those earth-walking Yaksha. Now our Zerg is blocking the attack of those guys in front, but we can only delay it. With them, there is no good means of attack. Only after upgrading can we truly have the ability to fight against those earthly yakshas."

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and finally nodded and said: "Okay, that's it, go ahead and deal with those earthly yakshas as much as possible. You must become stronger as soon as possible. Only in this way can our Blood Killing Sect We are not afraid of this kind of attack from underground, Wulong, they must fully cooperate with Cang Ming and others to complete this evolution as soon as possible."

Cang Ming and Wu Long responded, and they turned around and left. Looking at the two people's leaving figures, Wen Wenhai sighed and said, "I really didn't expect that they could level up in this way. It's scary to think about it." Feeling scared, you said, what would it be like if they were allowed to eat those fat cows, and then evolved into the appearance of fat cows, with larger bodies, strong defense, great strength, and very fast speed? The situation? What if they become that big, and add the flying yakshas who also use this method to specialize in evolution, and add the earthly yakshas and ordinary yakshas, ​​they will almost have an all-round, three-dimensional combat system. , coupled with their incomparably powerful fighting power, my scalp feels numb just thinking about it.”

Chang Jun's face was also very ugly. After a while, he finally took a breath and murmured: "No wonder the sect leader has been controlling the development of the alien clan. If they are really allowed to develop like this, it will be really too much. It's terrible. No matter where our Blood Killing Sect attacks, as long as we release the alien clan, it will almost completely wipe out a place, and they will become more and more powerful, so for us For the Blood Killing Sect, this may not be a good thing."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then sighed and said: "There is nothing we can do this time. I really didn't expect that the fighting power of the earthly yaksha would be so strong. It seems that we have to be more careful in the future. I didn't expect that yaksha would be so powerful." The clan will attack from underground this time. They have already taken action underground. Do you think they will take action on the ground soon?"

Chang Jun nodded and said: "It's very possible. We also need to prepare. We definitely can't wait for others to knock on our door before we take action. It won't be of any benefit to us. Let's take action." Wen Wen Hai nodded and was arranging the disciples' seats to get ready.

At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared in the command hall. When they saw Zhao Hai coming out, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, and then they immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Wen Wenhai was still a little uneasy, thinking that Zhao Hai was because of the Zerg. He was about to explain the evolution of the Zerg to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai spoke first: "I already know about the Zerg. You have done a good job. I have long wanted to upgrade the Zerg." , so don’t take it to heart. This time I’m here to tell you that more people from the undead clan should participate in such attacks. Although they have one less life than our ordinary disciples, It is precisely because of this that their energy has also undergone great changes. I want them to adapt to their energy more during the battle. Also, I have sent a lot of undead beasts. Come out, let them participate in the attack, and you can make arrangements." After saying this, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and disappeared with a movement of his body.