c7154 evolution

At this time, the Zerg attack on the ground also began. They kept digging downward from the ground. This time, the way they dug was a little different from before. In the past, they separated all the Zerg, dug out many passages, and then slowly dug out Slowly merge these channels together, so that they grow from small to large and become one large channel.

But this time it was different. This time all the Zerg tribe gathered together, dug a big pit, and then made the pit bigger and deeper, all the way down. Although the Yaksha tribe had been using magic The Zerg cannot attack those Zerg, but those Zerg are not powerless to fight back. Because the Zerg have always been attacking or reconnaissance underground, they are actually very sensitive to changes in the land, and they are not able to fight back underground. It's not that they can't see anything, but the distance they can see through the soil underground is only about fifty meters, and those earth-walking yakshas can see things at least two miles away, so compared with those yakshas, ​​the Zerg, He is really almost like a blind man.

Therefore, although the Earth-walking Yaksha can use earth magic to attack the Zerg, the Zerg can still more or less feel it when the spell is activated, and they will also make some defenses, so those Earth-walking Yaksha want to It is impossible to wipe out the Zerg with magic alone.

However, there are those spells attacking the Zerg, so it is impossible for the Zerg to speed up the digging of holes. Fortunately, there are enough Zerg, and they have several large holes to dig at the same time, which gives those earth-walking yakshas a headache. The number of Earthly Yaksha that came to attack at one time was not very large, only about 50,000. Now half of them have been allocated to deal with the Zerg, but there is still nothing they can do against the Zerg.

At this time, the tall ground-walking Yaksha also realized that something was wrong. He glanced at the bugs on the ground, and then said: "Send the order, let the people above charge those bugs, don't stand behind and deal with them all the time. Those bugs, are we still afraid of those bugs?”

The people around him immediately responded, and then went to pass on the order. As his order was passed on, the ground-walking Yaksha who were dealing with the Zerg on the ground no longer only used magic to attack the Zerg. They all took out a double-edged axe from their bodies, and then rushed straight towards the Zerg.

If the Earthly Yaksha clan had been attacking the Zerg tribe with magic from a distance, the Zerg tribe really had no way to deal with them. But now that they suddenly rushed over like this, this would definitely be a disaster for the Zerg tribe. It's a good thing, what they are not afraid of is this kind of face-to-face attack.

Soon those earth-moving Yakshas were in front of the Zerg. Each of the big axes in their hands was the size of a wheel. Coupled with their extremely tall bodies, the lethality of the big axes was no joke. , I saw a ground-walking Yaksha holding a big ax in his hand, knocking over five Zerg with one blow, and those five Zerg were hacked to death on the spot.

But the Zerg have never been afraid of death, so instead of retreating, they all rushed forward. Although the Zerg did not have sharp tails like the aliens, their two front claws were very sharp. Like two bladed shovels, coupled with their sharp mouths, their attack power is also underestimated.

But those Yashas are really very powerful. They are obviously veterans who have experienced hundreds of battles. The big axes in their hands are like windmills, and they still maintain their formation. They will naturally have the upper hand against the Zerg, but the Zerg The number of them is really too great. There are about 100,000 Zerg concentrated here now, and the Yaksha clan only has about 25,000 people. The difference in strength between the two sides is four times. Although the earthly Yaksha have the upper hand now, But the Zerg attack never stopped.

Finally, one of the Earthly Yakshas didn't pay attention, and was attacked by a Zerg from underground. The Zerg's two sharp front claws cut off the legs of this Earthly Yaksha, and the other Earthly Yaksha's legs were cut off. With a scream, the body fell forward involuntarily, but at this time, the Zerg took the opportunity to pounce forward. In the blink of an eye, the earth-moving Yaksha let out a scream, and then a huge fang fell out, But his body turned into a puff of black smoke.

As soon as they saw the fang, all the Zerg races rushed towards it. The last Zerg race grabbed the fang and swallowed it in one gulp without even hesitating. Then he swallowed the fang. His body also began to slowly change. His body slowly became taller, and finally turned into a man nearly three feet tall, covered with a carapace, with a small head, and a ball of green flames on the top of his head. The earth-walking Zerg Yaksha.

Before it was over, he stretched his hand back and pulled out two axes from his carapace. Both axes were not small, but both had short handles and looked black, but The edge of the blade shone with a cold light, and you could tell at a glance that it was very sharp.

But before he could be proud, other Zerg immediately pounced on him. The Zerg stood there without even noticing. In the blink of an eye, he was completely eaten by other Zerg. Then those Zerg They turned into Yakshas of the earth-walking insect race, but they were immediately eaten by other insectoids, and those aliens turned into Yakshas of the earth-walking insect race. In the blink of an eye, nearly 50,000 earth-walking insects appeared on the ground. Zerg yaksha.

Immediately after drawing out their weapons, these Earthly Zerg Yakshas rushed over like the Earthly Yakshas blocking them in front of them, and those Earthly Yakshas were now completely stupid. They never thought, The other party had undergone such a big change in such a short period of time. It looked somewhat similar to them, but it was different. Now when they saw the Zerg rushing towards them, they were all extremely surprised. Immediately start to resist.

However, the combat effectiveness of those Zerg races has greatly increased, and there are still a lot of people. Although their strength may not be as good as those of the Earth-walking Yaksha, it is even more difficult for the Earth-walking Yaksha to deal with these Zerg races. Before joining them, I saw the changes that had taken place in the Zerg tribe, and my mind was taken away. It was good to be able to exert the strength of the tenth level to the sixth level. After nearly five thousand people were killed in the battle, they retreated directly. I saw them burrowing into the ground and disappearing into the soil.

But this time they made a wrong calculation. Now these evolved Zerg tribes can also see through the land. As soon as they saw those Yakshas running away, they immediately got into the ground and chased after them. In the past, those earth-moving Yaksha never thought that the Zerg could now see their actions clearly, and the green fire on the heads of the Zerg could also separate the land, and the speed was no worse than them, which made them even more powerful. I was so surprised that I didn't even think about stopping to block him, I just kept running forward.

The leader of the Earthly Yaksha also saw the fighting above. He was really surprised. He didn't expect that those Zerg could actually evolve and evolve in that way. This really shocked him. Startled, he knew that the matter was impossible, and he immediately shouted loudly: "Retreat, all retreat, quickly." This time they only had 50,000 people coming, and the number of enemies was at least six times their number. If they were waiting If he went down, when all the Zerg evolved, they wouldn't be able to run away, so he decided to retreat immediately and couldn't wait any longer.

They retreated, and the Zerg chased them for fifty miles before they retreated. After they retreated, they immediately selected more than 5,000 Zerg and ate the teeth left by the Yaksha. Now, with the upgrade of those Zerg, the Zerg's brood can also be upgraded, and other Zerg can also be upgraded.

The Zerg immediately returned to the Blood Killing Sect's base. Cang Ming was not waiting for anything. He first upgraded the Zerg's mother nest, and then upgraded all the Zerg left outside. This time, the upgrade was simpler. , let some Zerg take off a piece of their carapace, and let those Zerg that have not upgraded and evolved eat it, and they will upgrade. Although the Brood has been upgraded, the Zerg produced still maintains the original Zerg. In order to become the current Zerg Yaksha, it still needs three months of growth, which is the same as the alien.

But this is already a very good result. If those Zerg don't want to evolve immediately, they can also absorb some carapace of those Zerg that have been upgraded, and they can evolve directly without waiting for three months. But in this way , may have some unfavorable effects on the alien family.

In fact, the reason why the Zerg and Alien tribes do not evolve by devouring their companions is not only because Zhao Hai does not allow it, but also another very important reason is that once the Zerg or Alien tribe evolves by devouring their companions, It is impossible for them to evolve into human form, and their intelligence will be greatly affected. This will have a great impact on the future development of the alien race and the Zerg race, so they do not use this method to evolve. , this time there is really no other way, they were forced to do this, so those Zerg that can automatically evolve after three months are not in a hurry to evolve. There are now more than 100,000 evolved Zerg, and The killing time is enough, there is no need to let those Zerg races put their future on the line.

However, what surprised Wen Wenhai and the others was that when the earthly yakshas attacked them, other yakshas did not attack them. The undead clan was ready to fight, but there were no enemies to fight them. This made Gu Yuanzheng and Yama Ling felt very disappointed.

Wen Wenhai looked outside the base at the yakshas that were disappearing and appearing in the sky, and said in a deep voice: "What on earth are these guys thinking? Is this attack just their test? If that's really the case, then The enemies this time are even more difficult to deal with. Also, those Yaksha scouts are really annoying. Why haven’t Sun Buyu dealt with them until now?" Wen Wenhai had sent Sun Buyu and his cavalry before. Wen Wenhai went to deal with the Yaksha scouts, but the Yaksha scouts are still there, which makes Wen Wenhai a little dissatisfied.