c7156 phantom array

Wen Wenhai and the others had been at the headquarters, watching this battle. When he saw the speed of the undead clan at the beginning, Wen Wenhai was also surprised. He turned to Chang Jun and said: "Death Is the spirit clan so fast? This is faster than those flying yakshas."

Chang Jun said solemnly: "I really know something about this matter. They are just a little faster this first time, and they can fly about a thousand meters in one go. In the future, their speed will not be so fast. If If you really compare it with Feitian Yaksha, I'm afraid it can only be comparable."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "That is already very impressive. It seems that this time it really depends on these people of the undead clan. Their strength seems to be much stronger than we imagined." Wen Wenhai is also a discerning person, and he can tell at a glance that the fighting power of these ghosts and spirits is very impressive.

Chang Jun nodded and said: "The undead clan has its own training system. Don't forget that they were the first to follow the sect master. The situation is different from that of the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect. Disciples, even if they become the undead clan, do not have the ability like them. However, in terms of practice, there is still a certain gap between them and our Blood Killing Sect disciples. There must be gains and losses. "

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, there are gains and losses. It is true. It seems that we can rest assured by leaving the outside defense to the undead clan. We just don't know when the enemy will attack." Wen Wenhai is still very concerned about this matter. The strength that the Yasha clan has shown so far has made them dare not underestimate it. They cannot be careless.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "I believe it will take a while. Those earthly Yakshas will definitely report our situation after they return. When the Yaksha clan knows that the Zerg can evolve into the same kind as them, the Yaksha clan will definitely They will be very careful, they may postpone their attack plan, otherwise they may attack us in the next few days."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "This is better. Give us more time and we can become stronger. Especially the Zerg and Alien clans. Give them a few months and they can grow up. This will make our combat effectiveness even stronger.”

Chang Jun laughed loudly and said: "Old Wen, why have you forgotten? If those people from the Yasha clan attack now and kill them, then those aliens will evolve immediately after eating the Yasha teeth. This is for It’s a good thing for them, they even saved those three months.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he was stunned at first, and then laughed loudly and said: "Yes, yes, I forgot about this, but it's strange. In the past, the alien clan wanted to upgrade, but it was all It can be upgraded immediately. It won’t be like now. It still needs three months of growth. What’s going on this time?”

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "I don't know, the alien clan has always been very mysterious. We know too little about the alien clan. Just like the undead clan, we also know too little about them. They all follow The race that the sect master comes from is naturally very mysterious."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said nothing more. They had been following Zhao Hai for a long time. Naturally, they knew that Zhao Hai was very mysterious. Take the Blood Killing Sect as an example. Although the Blood Killing Sect concentrated a lot of interface things , but there are some particularly precious materials that are not available in some interfaces at all. Even if they concentrate a lot of interface things, they cannot have such a large output, but here in the Blood Killing Sect, they have never done anything for it. They were worried about those things, as if those things were inexhaustible, which surprised them very much.

But they also know very well that Zhao Hai is indeed very mysterious, and you'd better not inquire casually, otherwise it will not do you any good. Everyone has their own secrets, just like Zhao Hai's identity People naturally have more secrets. If you inquire about Zhao Hai's secrets, then Zhao Hai will most likely deal with you.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng was also interrogating the undead clan who fought before. He really wanted to know how powerful those flying yakshas were. To be honest, the fighting power of those flying yakshas was better than those of the undead ones. The ordinary people of this clan are stronger. If a person from the Necro clan encounters Feitian Yaksha, it will be very dangerous. Even if they have an external incarnation, they will probably be injured or killed.

But if there are more than three undead tribes and encounter a flying yaksha, that flying yaksha will be dead. A flying yaksha can only deal with two undead tribes at most, and it is impossible to kill the undead tribe. Defeat, but if he faced three undead clans, he would really be dead.

With this accurate estimate of strength, Gu Yuanzheng felt relieved. He discussed with the King of Hell and planned to increase the defense density of the Necromancer clan. They not only had to do a good job in defense, but also conducted reconnaissance. In this way They wouldn't have waited until the enemy found out about them before they discovered it.

Speaking of which, those Yakshas are really powerful. They actually have protective colors on their bodies. The protective colors are very weird. They can change colors according to changes in the surrounding environment. Like this The effect of protective color is very obvious. It will make you subconsciously ignore their existence, just like a chameleon.

Gu Yuanzheng doesn’t know if only these flying yakshas who came to reconnaissance have that ability, or if all the yakshas have this chameleon-like ability. If all yakshas have this ability, then for the Blood Killing Sect It's not a good thing to say, so Gu Yuanzheng immediately reported this situation.

After hearing the report of the ancient expedition, Wen Wenhai's expression became serious. He turned to Chang Jun and said: "It seems that these Yaksha are really difficult to deal with. They actually have such ability. If all yakshas had this ability, it would really be troublesome."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Let Lao Gu send back the Yaksha teeth they got this time, let the alien clan complete the upgrade, and see if they have this ability. If they have this ability, it means, Only a few yakshas have this ability. If they don't have this ability, it means they may have used some magic weapon. Don't forget, those yakshas know how to use magic weapons."

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately reacted. He nodded and asked the people next to him to write a letter to Gu Yuanzheng and the others. Soon Gu Yuanzheng sent someone to send back those Yaksha teeth. Wen Wenhai Kaiba immediately let the newly created aliens of the alien clan eat those Yasha teeth. Although even if they didn't eat Yasha teeth, they would become alien Yashas in three months, but now that they eat them, they The upgrade can be completed immediately, which is a good thing for the alien family.

The aliens quickly ate the Yasha teeth and completed the upgrade. Then they tried it and found that they could not change the color of their bodies. When they saw this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but nodded and said : "It looks like they used a magic weapon, which will make it even more troublesome."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, if they can come up with such a magic weapon, it means that their magic array ability is very powerful. Also, you didn't know about our attack on Lingkong Island before. Do you remember, we didn’t break through the shield on Lingkong Island at that time, which shows that their formation ability is really strong, so we must be careful.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, turned to the people around him and said: "Go and invite Elder Wen Yuming over." He still wanted to ask Wen Yuming about the magic circle, so Wen Wenhai wanted to I want to invite Wen Yuming here because I want to hear Wen Yuming's opinions and see if they can do this.

Soon Wen Yuming arrived at the headquarters. As soon as he arrived at the headquarters, Wen Yuming immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "Old Wen, what's the matter? But what's the matter?" Wen Yuming knew very well that if not If anything happened, Wen Wenhai would not come to him. If he was eager to come to him now, there must be something important.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "I just sent the undead clan out to defend outside our base. At the same time, I also cleaned up those flying yakshas who have been spying on our base. During the battle, Lao Gu discovered that the colors on those flying yakshas were It seems to change according to the surrounding environment, just like a chameleon. I tried to upgrade the alien clan before, and found that this does not seem to be the ability of those Yaksha bodies, it is most likely their magic weapon. I want to know if our Blood Killing Sect also has such a magic circle? Can we do what they do?"

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "This is too simple. Our Blood Killing Sect has been able to do this for a long time, but this ability is actually very useless, because like this Magical formations are generally unable to resist the detection of mental power. Even if they can be defended, there will be a trace of energy fluctuations. This trace of energy fluctuations cannot be eliminated. It is just like a phantom formation. As long as you pay attention It will always be discovered, so we have never used this ability. This kind of magic circle is not actually a high-level magic circle, it is just an illusion."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned for a moment. Then he immediately said in confusion: "But why is it so difficult for us to find those yakshas who use this method? They can even touch people who are only two feet away from us." Only in places around here can we discover them. In other places, we have no way of discovering them. Isn't there something wrong with this?"

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "It's normal. It's nothing. Don't forget that the place we are in now is the Yaksha Realm. This place is also affected by the power of the Shadow Clan Law and is suppressed by the power of the Shadow Clan Law. , our mental strength will be greatly affected, and we will not be able to explore that far at all, so it is normal to be discovered at such a close place, and it is not a big deal."