c7153 War begins

Wen Wenhai and the others looked at the direction in which Zhao Hai disappeared and couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he turned to Chang Jun and said: "It seems that the plan needs to be changed, but what I saw from the boss's point of view is that he wants us to have more opportunities." Using it, the undead clan who originally followed him are not the undead clan that our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have become. The undead clan who originally followed the leader are all the real undead clan. They are not the undead clan. It turned out later that the boss probably wanted us to use them more, what do you think?" Wen Wenhai really thought so. He felt that Zhao Hai probably wanted us to use them more. The undead clan, because the undead clan rarely participated in the battle before, they are now considered disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and they have one life less than the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so they rarely participate in the battle, and Now Zhao Hai has given them such an order, obviously wanting to give the undead clan more training.

Chang Jun nodded and said: "I think so too, so let's do it this way. Let's tell the people of the undead clan and let them get ready. This time they will go to war. They used to fight with The powerful fighting race with the same name as the Alien Clan always prevents them from going into battle. It is not the case. In the past, we did it to train the disciples, but now all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect can be said to have experienced hundreds of battles. No need to Now that they’re exercising, it’s time to let the people of the undead clan come out and do some exercise.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, come on, call Elder Gu Yuanzheng and Elder Yama Wang Ling to come to the headquarters." Immediately, a disciple responded and went to contact the two people. Gu Yuan Zheng and Yama Wang Ling, They are the elders of the Necromancer clan. They are also branch-level elders. However, the strength of the two of them is very strong. Moreover, the Necromancer clan has always been led by the two of them. Of course, they lead those who have long been The undead clan that followed Zhao Hai were not the undead clan that the Blood Killing Sect disciples became after they died in battle.

Now, after the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect die in battle, almost all of them will become the undead clan. These people are very different from the real undead clan. Although they are also related to the undead clan, they are not considered The people of the undead clan admit that they even think that they are not a undead clan.

The real undead clan is actually self-contained, but they are also disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and have a lot of contact with the Blood Killing Sect's disciples, so they do not appear to be too alien in the Blood Killing Sect. Basically, the Blood Killing Sect The disciples of the sect can still regard them as their own people, not like the alien clan.

And this time after the readjustment, Gu Wu Zheng and Yama Wang Ling also became the hall masters. The branch hall they led was called the Hell branch. The undead beasts and most of the undead clan were under their control. As for the Ghost Clan, it is not under their control, but is under the control of Shen Ji Tang.

In the Blood Killing Sect, Shenji Hall can be said to be the first hall, and there are many small branches in it, because there is no way around it. Shenji Hall is really too important to the Blood Killing Sect. They The most important task is not to fight, but to provide motivation for the Blood Killing Sect to move forward.

Gu Yuanzheng and the King of Hell did not have any dissatisfaction. Their undead clan was now considered a monk race. Although they were not allowed to fight for a period of time, they were not dissatisfied. After all, they had one life less than ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples. In the Blood Killing Sect, there is an unwritten rule. As long as you become the undead clan, you will not participate in the battle to inherit the karma. And it is completely normal for the undead clan not to participate in the battle. of.

Now when they heard that Wen Wenhai had summoned the two of them, they were surprised, but then they were overjoyed. You must know that they had not participated in the battle for a long time. If they did not participate in the battle, they would not have many opportunities to make meritorious deeds. , there won’t be many rewards. Although this will not affect their practice, it will not make their practice speed too fast.

Now everyone knows that the Yasha clan is about to attack them. At this time, Wen Wenhai summoned them. It must be related to the war. If they are really allowed to participate in the war, this will be a good thing for them. , in the Blood Killing Sect, there is no disciple who doesn’t like fighting. All the disciples are waiting to fight in exchange for military merit.

So as soon as they heard Wen Wenhai's call, the two of them immediately arrived at the headquarters. When they arrived at the headquarters, the two of them immediately saluted Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun, and at the same time looked at them eagerly. After Wen Wenhai returned the gift, when he saw their expressions, Wen Wenhai couldn't help laughing and said: "Old Gu, Lao Yan, you two don't have to look at me like that. This time, the boss personally gave the order. Those of you who participate in the offense, I want you to get more training, so you don’t have to look at me like that.”

When Gu Yuanzheng and Yan Wangling heard what Wen Wenhai said, they were both stunned, but then they were overjoyed. Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "Okay, okay, we will not embarrass the young master, Old Wen, give the order. "Speaking of which, Gu Yuanzheng followed Zhao Hai for a longer time than Wen Wenhai followed Zhao Hai, so he didn't have too many scruples when speaking to Wen Wenhai. This time Gu Yuanzheng was also designated as the core Elder, but the situation of the undead clan is a bit special, so he generally does not participate in the affairs of the Blood Killing Sect. Many people think that he is a branch elder.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Now we have some underground yakshas coming underground. Those guys have very good fighting power. I asked Cang Ming and others to deal with them, but they have already started to attack us from underground. I An attack on the ground won't be too far away, so you have to be prepared. I'm not familiar with the fighting methods of your undead clan, so I'll tell you. Also, the leader said, You can use the undead beast, is there no problem?"

Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "No problem, we will go back and prepare immediately. If you need to fight when entering, just tell us." After saying that, he led the leader of Hell, saluted Wen Wenhai, turned around and Walking out, looking at the hurried pace of his steps, it was obvious that he was taking this action very seriously.

At this time, Cang Ming and Wulong had also begun to attack those Earthly Yakshas, ​​because they knew that the Earthly Yakshas were underground and could see things clearly, and the Zerg could not see them. In order to allow them to To better attack those earthly yakshas, ​​Cang Ming and Wulong made a small cooperation, which was a record of attacking the east and the west with one move.

Wulong and the others dealt with the Yaksha clan underground, attracting the attention of the Yaksha clan. However, Cang Ming led the Zerg clan and rushed directly from the ground to the battlefield. After getting there, they immediately attacked the Yasha clan from the ground, trying to kill a few Yashas in the shortest possible time.

After making the plan, the two people immediately took action. Kiryu led the Kirigakure clan and rushed directly towards the Earthly Yaksha. Now those Zerg tribes were blocking the Earthly Yaksha's attack. The Yaksha's attack power is very strong and there are many in number, but the number of the Zerg is greater, and the Zerg cannot see where the Yaksha are. The Yaksha can still use earth spells to attack them from a distance, which makes the Zerg very of passivity.

However, the Zerg now have another method. This method is actually very simple. It is to dig a big hole, just like the method they used to deal with other races. In this way, with this hole, they are equivalent to occupying it. Taking the initiative, although he still can't see the other party, this influence will be reduced to the lowest level. It is this method that they used to block the attacks of those earthly yakshas. Otherwise, I am afraid that the earthly yakshas would have been killed early. He went to the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

Now the Kirigakure clan is attacking with all their strength. They can see further than the Earthly Yasha clan. Before, they just ignored it for a moment and suffered a big loss. Now of course they won't. They just need to attack with all their strength. Before, they I am also here to help, otherwise if I rely on the Zerg, there is no way to stop the attack of the ground-walking Yaksha.

It's just that they found that their attack became more fierce. As expected, all the attention of Dixing Yaksha was attracted here. At this time, they no longer had time to pay attention to whether there was something on the ground. In addition, the Zerg were advancing. At that time, there was not much noise, so the Yaksha clan did not notice the Zerg at first.

It wasn't until the Zerg arrived above their battlefield and started digging down that they noticed the Zerg. They were leading an Earth-walking Yaksha with a half-moon head, a figure of about four feet, and khaki skin. He looked up. He glanced at the Zerg who were digging downwards, and couldn't help but snorted coldly: "So this is the idea. No wonder the previous attack was so fierce. Come, divide half of the people, block those guys, and kill them all." Kill it for me." Someone beside him immediately responded, and then immediately went to deliver the order.

After a while, another Yaksha came to the side of the Yaksha, saluted to the Yaksha and said: "Sir, those guys who can walk through the earth are really a headache. We seem to be able to do earth magic. When it comes to immunity, can we think of other ways to deal with them?"

The leader of the Earthly Traveling Yaksha glanced at the Mist Dragon clan who suddenly appeared and attacked them with magic, and said in a deep voice: "Split a small team and attack where they are gathering. Their melee combat capabilities should not be strong. So if we don't want to fight with us head-on, as long as we rush forward, they will retreat, so that their spells cannot attack our group, and we can attack with all our strength and eliminate those bugs first. "

The Yaksha immediately responded, and then immediately went to make arrangements. Then he saw a team of thousands of underground Yakshas suddenly pounced in the direction of the Kirigakure clan. They were moving very fast in the soil. There was a ball of green fire above their heads, and all the soil, as long as it was illuminated by the fire, would immediately separate to both sides, and behind them, it would close again. It looked very magical, precisely because In this way, their actions underground will not be affected at all.