c7161 poisonous fog

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "This still needs to be studied carefully. If it is just a simple flying sword attack, it will not be very powerful. But if these flying swords have attributes, then the power will not be great." Same, but what I'm worried about now is whether these flying swords will have an impact on the Yin-Yang Magnetic Array after adding attributes, so we have to study it carefully. Now we can only prove that this method It may be effective, but it’s really hard to say how effective it will be.”

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Sect master, you don't have to worry about this. In fact, we have done experiments before. This kind of yin and yang magnetic array does not have much impact on other attribute arrays. It is completely fine." Said, this is a completely feasible method, it's great, it's really great, we will do the test right away." Zhang Hongliang also nodded, he knew more about Shenji Hall than Zhao Hai There are more, so I naturally know what's going on.

When Zhao Hai heard what Yu Ming said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. To be honest, he felt that he really underestimated the magic circle reserves in Shenji Hall. In recent years, the people here in Shenji Hall have really... They were not idle. They had tested all kinds of magic circles. Maybe they didn't know the use of these magic circles at the time. They just wanted to see if they could bring any surprises to them. They found out. It seemed that there were no surprises, so they gave it up. But now that they are trying to develop, they will find that their previous experiments were not in vain. Those previous experiments that seemed to be useless have provided them with higher-level experiments today. , laid a very solid foundation, which is very rare.

After hearing the name, they didn't care what Zhao Hai was thinking. They immediately went out to test, and Zhao Hai also followed. As Wen Yu gathered people, a new test was immediately built in Shenji Hall. Room, the speed was so fast that Zhao Hai was extremely surprised. He really didn't expect that the efficiency here in Shenji Hall would be so high.

We will not describe Zhao Hai’s experiments here at Shenji Hall for the time being. Let’s talk about the situation of the undead clan on the front line. With the help of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the cattle cavalry of the Yaksha clan want to attack the undead as they did before. It's not easy for the giant beasts either. With the arrival of those poisonous and magical bugs, the area about five miles in front of the undead clan was quickly cleared of poisonous fog areas and magical bugs. district.

In fact, Zhao Hai still underestimated the development of the Blood Killing Sect in recent years, especially the development of poison techniques and magical insects. Zhao Hai really did not pay too much attention to it in these years. He even did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect's development The development of poison magic and magic bugs has reached a very powerful level.

The reason why this situation occurs is because Laura and the others have arranged well. Laura and the others are very supportive of the disciples' various researches. For example, the research on poison techniques requires the disciples to use a large amount of poisons and various kinds of poisons. Poisons, and some of these poisons are very rare. Without Laura's support, they would not have achieved anything.

In fact, to study poison techniques, you need to use not only poisons, but also some common medicinal materials. Because if they want to study poison techniques, they may be poisoned themselves, so they need detoxification things, and some Medicinal materials are usually non-toxic when used, but when combined with other medicinal materials, they can become highly toxic. Without Laura's support, the disciples would have nowhere to get these things.

Now the poisonous techniques of the Blood Killing Sect are developing very fast, and they have begun to slowly progress in the direction of curses, but they are not yet at the level of curses. Because they have not been exposed to the curse techniques for a long time, they are still unable to study them. But once the research is successful, their poison skills will definitely be improved to a higher level.

And the role of magic bugs is even greater. In fact, magic bugs are inseparable from poison magic. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have always used magic bugs as a medium for poison magic, because These bugs are too small and very powerful. After they attack people, they will die. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect take advantage of this. After the magic bugs die, their corpses will change. The poisonous mist gives the gang a second attack, which is very scary.

Those disciples also studied magic bugs in the direction of curses. If the curse technique is well studied, the power of magic bugs will be very huge. After all, the power of magic bugs is not small. If it is really If it can become a curse medium, its power will only be greater.

The Blood Killing Sect now also has curse techniques, but the current curse techniques of the Blood Killing Sect are generally used with runes or magic circles. They are curse techniques without physical objects, so-called curses without physical objects. , is to use runes, magic circles, sounds, these incorporeal things to use the curse technique, which is actually very different from the curse technique in the traditional sense.

And now those disciples who use poison and disciples who use magical insects, the curse techniques they have developed are relatively traditional curse techniques. Their curse techniques require the use of media. These The media are also very overbearing, some are poisonous, and some require the use of magical insects.

Curse techniques that use a medium are actually very overbearing, such as curse techniques that use runes, magic circles, or sounds as a medium. If you want to break this curse technique, you need to use the method to remove it. , often also some incorporeal things, such as sounds, such as a sentence, or measuring runes, a magic circle and the like.

As for the curse technique using a medium, his method of breaking it is even weirder. Some may be a tree, some may be a piece of grass, some may be just a word, and some may even be a spell. Insects, in short, are very weird, but the curse of the Blood Killing Sect is still in its infancy. Compared to forming a system with a magic circle, this curse technique is much worse.

Although the disciples who use poison and magic bugs are not yet at the level of using curses to attack, their poison and magic bugs are already very good. After he has arranged the poisonous mist and magic bugs, It is not easy for the Yaksha clan to pass through the area of ​​the Magic Insect.

Qingyu is a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect who specializes in magic bugs. He is also very good at using poison. This time he was one of the commanders of the poisonous fog area. Qingyu is now an elder of the Blood Killing Sect. The reason why He is called this name because he is dressed as a Taoist priest, and Qingyu is his Taoist name. As for his name, he has long stopped using it.

In the Blood Killing Sect, there are many disciples who can dress up as Taoist priests, but there are also monks, scribes, and even more warriors. In this regard, the Blood Killing Sect actually does not have many disciples. Requirements, although the Blood Killing Sect has uniform clothes, Zhao Hai does not require you to wear these clothes unless it is on some special occasions. Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect does not manage how the disciples dress up. Not very strict.

As for the beliefs of these disciples, the Blood Killing Sect does not have many regulations. After all, in the Blood Killing Sect, people who dress up as Taoists do not necessarily believe in Taoism, and people who dress up as monks do not necessarily believe in it. There are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who believe in Buddhism. In fact, the one who believes in it the most is Zhao Hai, not any other god.

Now in the Blood Killing Sect, there are many disciples. They will change the gods they believe in to look like Zhao Hai. For example, if they believe in the Taoist religion, they will carve a statue of the Taoist ancestor, and the statue of the Taoist ancestor is a figure wearing a Taoist robe. It’s just a statue of Zhao Hai, and it’s the same for those who believe in Buddhism. It’s a statue of Zhao Hai dressed as Buddha. This is very common in the Blood Killing Sect.

This is what Qingyu did. There is a Taoist statue in his room, which is the statue of Zhao Hai wearing a Taoist robe. In addition, he is also an elder of the Blood Killing Sect and is not an ordinary disciple, so this time he got Given the command power, Qingyu's strength is also good. In this competition of the Blood Killing Sect, he has also reached the branch elder level, and his status is not low.

The poisonous fog area he arranged this time is a combination of poisonous fog and magical insects. Those magical insects can live in their poisonous fog. This is equivalent to double insurance. As long as the enemy enters the poisonous fog area, Not only will you be poisoned immediately, but you will also be attacked by magic bugs. The magic bugs' attack is also very powerful. Not only will it produce an explosion attack, but it will also produce new poison after the explosion. Once the two poisons are mixed, even if Even the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not very good at detoxifying this kind of poison.

Just after finishing a new poisonous fog area, Qingyu suddenly heard bursts of explosions not far away. He was stunned at first, then his eyes lit up, and then he immediately said loudly: " An enemy has entered the poisonous fog area. Let's go and take a look." The disciples around him who were following him in setting up the poisonous fog area all responded with a roar and followed Qingyu in that direction.

This time, these people are proud of themselves. Usually, they are not taken seriously. The reason why they are not taken seriously is that the Blood Killing Sect is almost not afraid of curses and poisons. Regardless of whether it is poison or curse techniques, they are almost useless to the disciples of the Blood Killer Sect. It is precisely because of this that the Blood Killer Sect does not invest much in the research of poison and curse techniques. , the curse technique is a little better, after all, the power of the curse technique is there, and poison is really not taken too seriously by the Blood Killing Sect.

However, there are still many disciples in the Blood Killing Sect who have always attached great importance to these things and invested a lot of energy in studying these things. These disciples usually keep a low profile in the sect because they study such things. Growing things is not taken seriously in the sect, and the research uses a lot of materials, and they can't see any benefits to the sect. In addition, they spend a lot of time researching these things, which makes Their strength is not very strong, so their status in the Blood Killing Sect is really not high.

But this time when they got this task, they felt extremely happy. It made them feel that the sect had not forgotten them. At the same time, it also meant that they were not useless and they could still study on their own. It is very important to them to make contributions to the sect.