c7162 Prepare to attack

Political recognition is actually very important for a person or a group. After people have no worries about food and clothing, they always want more, and often what they want most is political recognition. , just like some big businessmen on the earth, why do they give speeches and publish books after they become successful? This is because they hope to be recognized politically. How can you be recognized politically? In fact, it's very simple. You can tell by looking at your status, because political status often represents how much or how little you are recognized by politics.

The principles are the same. Although they are in the Blood Killing Sect, the truth is the same. These Blood Killing Sect disciples who specialize in studying poisons and magic insects usually keep a low profile in the sect because they have not received political support. Admit it, their status is not high.

And this time the sect specially assigned them a task, which was a kind of political recognition of them, so when they started doing things, they were extremely serious and energetic. Now when they heard that someone had entered their They were naturally excited about the poisonous fog area and wanted to go and have a look.

Soon the group of people looked for the sound of the explosion and arrived at the place. When they got there, they couldn't help but laugh. They saw a large group of bull-riding flying yakshas running around in their poisonous fog area. Well, every time they took a step forward, they would cause a series of explosions. Some of the flying yakshas were killed directly, some of them were poisoned to death, and some of the eight-legged cows were poisoned to death.

Seeing this situation, Qingyu couldn't help but smile, but he didn't let those disciples take action because it was not necessary. Half of the Yashas who entered their poisonous fog area could escape, even if they were destined to die. , you must know the poison of the Blood Killing Sect, it is not a joke. Although it is of no use to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it is very useful against other people. After all, other people do not have the detoxification array. .

Sure enough, in the end, those cavalry yakshas ran rampant in their poisonous fog area for more than an hour, and then more than 4,000 people escaped, while more than 5,000 flying yakshas stayed here forever, and the Blood Killing Sect The disciples stepped forward to clean up the battlefield, then rearranged the poisonous fog area, and then went to other places to get busy.

Gu Yuanzheng and Hell King Ling stood in the inner space of a giant undead beast, looking at the situation outside. When they saw the cavalry Yaksha fleeing in embarrassment, the two couldn't help laughing. Gu Yuanzheng laughed and said: " Okay, so happy, I didn’t expect that these guys did such a good job and did things so perfectly, okay, great, it seems that we don’t have to worry about the enemy raiding us in the future.”

Yama Ling also nodded, but he was still a little worried and said: "However, arranging the poisonous fog area and magic insect area this time is not a simple matter. One is because of the large area, and the other is because of the high consumption. So this method will not be used often in the future, but these guys are really good. It seems that we really underestimated them before. I really didn't expect that they even took care of those Yakshas. Moreover, Yaksha lost so much in one go."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "In these years, the sect has been very supportive of them. If they can't do this anymore, it would be too embarrassing. Forget it, let's not talk about them, let's talk about something else. Come on, we can't just be beaten like this all the time. The enemy's attacks like this are just to entangle us and consume us. We have now found a way to deal with them. I believe that after a while, their attacks will stop. At that point, it’s time for us to attack.”

The King of Hell said in a deep voice: "I think so too, but you must ask Elder Wen and the others about this matter. The Yaksha Clan is not that simple. We, the Necromancer Clan alone, want to take over the Yaksha Realm. It is absolutely impossible to capture them all here. We must have the support of the sect and the cooperation of other disciples."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "This matter does need to be reported. We definitely can't do it alone, but I don't think Elder Wen and the others will let us defend all the time. Attacking is our blood." The style of the Killing Sect, but our Blood Killing Sect's attack is not like other people's attacks. It starts with a desperate attack. We usually do our own defense first and then attack. I think it will be the same this time. "

Yama Ling nodded, and then said: "The Yaksha clan is different from the snake clan. They should also be able to practice on their own. Just like the commander Ling Kong before, he is very powerful and can Under Sheng Si's attack, they escaped unscathed, and they were able to escape unharmed with those flying yakshas. This in itself shows their strength, so we must also do a good job and face some of their masters. Be prepared, otherwise you may suffer a loss."

Gu Yuanzheng didn't say anything, he just nodded calmly. He also noticed this. He also felt that what the King of Hell said was very reasonable, so he didn't say anything more. This Yasha has now formed a race. If they have their own cultural consciousness, it is impossible for them not to practice, so it is very normal to encounter masters among Yaksha.

Wen Wenhai and the others also saw the situation of the Yasha team in the poisonous fog area this time. They were also very happy. Wen Wenhai smiled at Chang Jun and said: "The situation is good. It seems that this step is really the right one. It's really I didn’t expect that our Blood Killing Sect’s level of poison use has reached this level, it’s amazing.”

Chang Jun smiled slightly and said: "Yeah, I didn't expect that their strength would be so strong. It's very good. However, with such large-scale use, I'm afraid there won't be many opportunities in the future. After all, using Poison also consumes a lot of money, and it takes too long. The most important thing is that if we attack, the poisonous fog area will be wasted, because as soon as we enter, the poisonous fog area will Automatic messages, this is not cost-effective, and we can’t stay here forever, we have to attack, so I’m afraid there won’t be too many opportunities to use the poisonous fog zone in the future.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The use of poison may have a certain effect in large-scale battles, but the effect should not be very great. After all, whether it is the Yasha clan or other races, , all have their own detoxification methods. These Yaksha clan were created because of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They themselves have strong resistance to poison. If we attack them with poison several times, They are more resistant to poison, and the effect in the future will not be very good, so you have to be careful when using these people in the future."

Chang Jun also felt that what Wen Wenhai said was very reasonable. No matter which sect the monks belonged to, they would have their own detoxification methods, and these methods were not too bad. In addition, the monks themselves had cultivation skills, which made them The resistance to poison is still very high, so poison is not necessarily a good attack method for monks.

As for the Yaksha clan, it goes without saying that they carry the power of the Shadow Clan's laws with them. The Shadow Clan's resistance to poison is stronger than that of the monks, and the Shadow Clan's power of laws has been helping If those who control the Yaksha Clan use poison to attack the Yaksha Clan too many times, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will definitely find a way to break it, which would be bad.

Wen Wenhai looked at the projection and said in a deep voice: "The Blood Killing Battle Fort is in place. Even if the enemy wants to attack, it is impossible. With the Blood Killing Battle Fort standing there, it would be a dream for them to attack. If If they lose their suddenness, then there is nothing to be afraid of. The Liling clan can completely deal with them. I believe that after they attack a few times and find that such an attack has no effect, they will not attack again, and we will also It’s almost time to think about attacking.”

Chang Jun frowned and said, "Why don't you wait for Lao Wen to see if they have any opinions? Lao Wen is currently studying the matter of adding wings to the armor. How about we wait for them to get results? We are taking action." It's not too late." Chang Jun still wanted to be more cautious. After they heard that they had researched the wings, they would attack, so that they would be more confident.

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "No need. This time, I plan to attack the Necromancer clan as the main body. The rest of us are just helping them. The Necromancer clan has wings of its own, so there is nothing to worry about. Having said that, doesn’t it mean that without wings, we disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can’t fight? Haven’t we won so many battles with the previous fighting methods? We can’t just wait for them. , no more attacking."

Chang Jun just said that, and he didn't have to wait until he heard about it. Now when he heard Wen Wenhai say this, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. I think we can formulate an offensive plan." Planned, do you think it’s better to attack from all sides, or start from one side?”

The meaning of Chang Jun's words is actually very simple. In the past, the Blood Killing Sect attacked from all sides in other interfaces, and the Blood Killing Sect's territory expanded as a whole, but this time it was different. This time they faced the Yaksha clan, but Those with their own civilization will face the danger of being attacked from all sides if they expand on all sides. If they only attack from one side, then their attention can be focused more in one direction.

Of course, this does not mean that other directions will not be attacked. Other directions may still be attacked, but the situation is completely different. They can defend on three sides and attack on one side. In this way, their The pressure will be much less, after all, we have to defend the territory, but it will require much less troops than attacking.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "This place in the Yaksha Realm is different from other interfaces. Here we do not get a large piece of territory by repelling their attack, and we will not encounter attacks when taking over this piece of territory. , when we win these territories, we will also encounter some attacks, so we cannot attack on all sides together, defend on three sides, and attack on one side. This method should be more suitable for us now. After all, attacking on all sides together requires There are too many troops.”