c7165 meeting

In the inner space of a huge dragon dead beast, Gu Yuanzheng, Hell King Ling, Shu Li, Cang Ming, and several people are all sitting inside. There are only four of them here, and they all have serious faces. Gu Yuanzheng looks at He glanced at the other people, and then said: "This time, the young master stayed here specially to explain our affairs. I think everyone should understand what the young master means. Although these people in the Blood Killing Sect are very fond of the young master, Loyal, I also believe that they will not betray the young master, but that is now, who knows what kind of things we will encounter in the future, what kind of people we will meet, if they meet someone who is stronger than the young master, and whose treatment is better than blood What about the forces that kill the sect? Will they betray you? To be honest, I can’t guarantee it, and I don’t think the young master can guarantee it either, otherwise he wouldn’t have said those words today.”

Everyone nodded. It is indeed as Gu Yuanzheng said. After all, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have never entered the space, nor have they truly become Zhao Hai's slaves. Are they absolutely loyal to Zhao Hai? This is really hard to say, because monks themselves are very selfish people. Who knows whether they will have other thoughts in the face of other huge temptations? No one can guarantee this.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at their expressions and then said: "We are different from them. We were born because of the young master. When the young master is born, we live. When the young master dies, we die. There is no other possibility, so we are absolutely not Those who may betray the young master, I believe that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cannot have the heart to betray now, but what about the future? Who can guarantee it in the future? Don’t forget the most important point, that is, the people here in Wanshan Realm are now Great powers can already have their own private space. Their private space is not much different from our Xuanwu space. And this is only the great power of Wanshan realm. Everyone knows that not all interfaces of Wanshan realm are At the top of the Wanshan Realm, there will be other interfaces. What will the great powers in those interfaces be like? Do you dare to imagine? Will they have inner space for everyone, and will they be human beings? People are extremely powerful. Will everyone have an inner space like Xuanwu Island? Will their space be better than Xuanwu Space? If that time comes, can everyone guarantee that these people will not betray? Master? No one can guarantee it."

Everyone's expressions were a little serious, because what Gu Yuanzheng said was absolutely correct. No one could guarantee that in that case, these people would still not betray Zhao Hai. If that time comes, someone here in the Blood Killing Sect would betray. What should I do if I betray the Blood Killing Sect and betray Zhao Hai? The Blood Killing Sect is probably in danger. Even if the Blood Killing Sect is saved, their vitality will be severely damaged. The most important thing is that this will be a very bad start. Everyone will know, ah, it turns out that I I can still betray the Blood Killing Sect. It turns out that I don’t just have the Blood Killing Sect as a way out. At that time, the Blood Killing Sect will be really dangerous.

Gu Yuanzheng just paused for a moment, letting everyone think for a moment, and then continued: "So we must make ourselves stronger, stronger than those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect understand that we will die if we die." The Spirit Clan and the Alien Zerg Clan are the strongest combatants in the Blood Killing Sect. As long as we are here, other people in the Blood Killing Sect will not dare to mess around. Even if they want to betray, they must think carefully before doing so. OK."

Everyone nodded, and their eyes were all shining with cold light. They now understood what they should do. If the two tribes wanted to become stronger, there was actually only one way, and that was to fight. As long as they If they keep fighting, they will become stronger, which even the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cannot match.

The aliens can absorb other people's genes and make themselves stronger. In fact, the same is true for the undead, but the way they absorb genes is a little special. They must be able to pass through space before they can absorb genes, just like the aliens. , they cannot absorb genes by themselves.

But this is not a problem. As long as the strength of the Alien clan becomes stronger, the powerful genes they absorb will also be absorbed by space, and then Space will add these genes to the Necromancer clan, so that the Necromancer clan will The strength will become extremely powerful.

After the Necrons absorb the genes, it does not mean that their combat effectiveness will become stronger immediately. They must go through battles and polish them, and then the genes they absorb will truly become stronger. It looks like the Necrons are far behind the Alien Clan and far inferior to the Alien Clan. However, the Necromancer Clan has one feature that the Alien Clan cannot compare to, that is, they can practice. They can practice from the beginning, and they have spiritual intelligence from the very beginning, which is unmatched by the alien family.

Of course, there is another point that the Alien Clan cannot compare with, but now they are dealing with the Shadow Clan, so they have not brought it into full play. If they are dealing with the monks, it will be different. They can kill the monks, and then By turning those monks into the undead clan, not only can the combat effectiveness of that monk be preserved, but all that the monk learned during his lifetime will also belong to Zhao Hai. This will be of great help to Zhao Hai. It can be said that this With the existence of two powerful fighting races, it would be extremely easy for Zhao Hai to deal with those people.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at everyone, and then said: "For this period of time, the young master has been busy with the upgrading of our undead clan. Now that our undead clan has been upgraded, then it will be up to us to show off our talents. We We must make our strength extremely powerful in the shortest possible time. Only then will we become the sharpest sword in the young master's hand."

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng continued: "I think everyone has heard Elder Wen's battle plan this time, so I won't repeat it again. Elder Wen means to start attacking from one side only, with the main attack The task is handed over to us, so there is nothing more to say, just kill the enemy with all our strength, all enemies in front of us must be killed, and we must not be polite."

Everyone's faces showed murderous intent. These two races have grown up in the war. They have never been polite, let alone the enemy they are facing now. Although it is Yasha, But it is not the real Yaksha, but it is created by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. If you don't kill him, he will kill you. They will not surrender, let alone conquer, so the only choice is to kill them. .

Gu Yuanzheng then said: "Okay, you guys should go down and make preparations. Cang Ming, I'll leave the underground matters to you. Shu Li, you have to cooperate with us in the battle. Now we don't have a few months to let you." They slowly grow up, and they can only let the newly born aliens grow up through fighting, and the losses may be great, but there is no way around it."

Cang Ming said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, since we have that ability, the underground is our world, you don't have to worry about anything, I believe we will get stronger and stronger, because they have let us get them As long as we get their genes, they cannot be our opponents."

The same goes for Shun Li. He sneered and said: "We, the alien race, have never been afraid of sacrifice. Today we will die ten thousand people. When we grow up tomorrow, we will wipe out their entire race. This has always been our alien race." If you follow the clan’s approach, you don’t have to worry about anything.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, then turned to look at the King of Hell. Both of them led the undead clan. They were very clear about the weaknesses of the undead clan. Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "We need to prepare a group of cavalry and mounts. Just use the skeleton Pegasus, so that our impact will be stronger and our speed will be faster. Lao Yan, go and prepare, this cavalry will be handed over to you from now on."

Yama Ling looked calm, and then said: "Okay, leave it to me, let us take action, and with the addition of the undead beast clan, I think we have nothing to worry about, and when we fight , the battle formation is being commanded by the madam, and you all know the commanding abilities of the madams, so there is nothing to worry about."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "Let's take action. When we officially attack, we must let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect see how powerful our alien clan and the undead clan are. Why are we two This race can become the vassal race that the young master has always used, but no one else has done this."

Several people all responded, and Gu Yuanzheng waved his hand, and they immediately turned and left. And the Ancient Expedition has also begun. He must call out all the people of the Necromancer clan and make arrangements. After all, the battle is about to begin, and they must prepare well.

But Gu Yuanzheng and the others didn't know that Zhao Hai listened to every word they said here. Even the whole process of their meeting, Zhao Hai clearly saw it. In his eyes, it was not until the small meeting was over that Zhao Hai turned off the screen, turned to Laura and said with a smile: "I really didn't expect that competition has begun to appear among these guys now, haha, this is the opposite. It’s a good thing.”

Laura also nodded and said: "Yes, this kind of competition is a good thing. The more healthy competitions like this, the better. With their stimulation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will train even more crazily. The strength of the disciples of the Killing Sect will increase, which is very necessary for the Blood Killing Sect."

Zhao Hai nodded and then said: "But this kind of competition must be controlled within a controllable range. Don't let the competition turn into a conflict. That would be bad. The Blood Killing Sect must remain stable. As for What Gu Yuanzheng is worried about is that someone will betray the Blood Killing Sect. I see that we don’t need to worry too much. We can completely ignore it because I believe that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not betray us, even if it is true. Someone has betrayed me, and I can eliminate this hidden danger directly. I still have this strength, so Gu Yuanzheng and their worries are somewhat unnecessary."