c7160 maneuver

What else could Bai Yan and Chang Jun say, they could only smile bitterly. They also had to admit that they really couldn't argue with Wen Yuming on this matter, because you couldn't argue with him anyway. , so they really couldn't say anything except a forced smile.

When Wen Yuming returned to Shenji Hall, he found that Zhao Hai was already waiting for him at Shenji Hall. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai coming, Wen Yuming immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, why are you here?" But what's the matter?" Wen Yuming knew very well that Zhao Hai would not come to Shenji Hall if there was nothing important, so he asked like this.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said with a smile: "I have nothing to do, but I just heard Bai Yan's words before and heard your words again, so I had some ideas, so I came here to discuss armor improvement with you. Lao Wen, your previous idea was very good, but there are still some problems that need to be solved. The most important one is the problem of recovering the released magic weapons. Although our external incarnations can almost always As long as it continues to grow, there is nothing to worry about, but the magic weapons that can be recovered must still be recycled, because I am worried that if our magic weapons are obtained by others, they will study the blood gold, which will be troublesome. "

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Yes, this is indeed a problem. It was because of this problem before that we disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rarely used physical long-range attacks. When we used long-range attacks, we used all It's the energy weapons that are doing the ranged attacks, and it's time to fix that."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I have several plans here. Let's study them together. By the way, call Lao Zhang over. Is that guy still studying blood gold?" Zhao Hai said The old Zhang is naturally Zhang Hongliang. Zhang Hongliang has always believed that blood gold still has great potential, so he has been studying it.

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Yes, he is studying color-changing blood gold. I heard that he has some clues. I will call him right away." Then Wen Yuming directly called a disciple over and asked him to go His name was Zhang Hongliang, and he followed Zhao Hai to his laboratory.

Wen Yuming has a small laboratory of his own. There is no one else in this small laboratory but himself. The small laboratory is not very big, but the things in it are very complete, and there are all kinds of things they need to use. All the magical arrays and magic weapons are available here. When he is famous, he sometimes conducts some experiments by himself, just in this small laboratory.

Not long after the two entered the laboratory, Zhang Hongliang came. As soon as he entered the room, he saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, what's the matter with calling me here?" He is also a very direct person. , people like them don't like to talk wasteful words. In their opinion, it is a complete waste of their time.

Zhao Hai nodded towards Wen Yuming, and Wen Yuming told him about the wings he had mentioned with a blank look before, as well as his idea, and finally said to Zhang Hongliang: "The sect master came here just to have a relationship with us. Get up and study the idea I mentioned. The most important one is actually the recovery of the released magic weapons."

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Zhang Hongliang couldn't help but his eyes lit up and said: "This method is good. If this method is really successful, then the strength of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will be greatly improved. The magic weapon Regarding recycling, I have some ideas, but I don’t know if they are feasible yet.”

Zhao Hai and Wen Yuming were stunned when they heard what he said. Then Zhao Hai said curiously: "What do you think? Tell me and listen." Zhao Hai really wanted to hear what Zhang Hongliang had in mind. Such thoughts, does he have the same thoughts as him, that's why I am so curious.

Zhang Hongliang smiled and said: "Sect Master, my idea is actually very simple. It is the mother-child array, which transforms our body into a huge mother array, and the other magical weapons released all have Sub-magic circle, so that we can pass through the armor to control the magical weapons released."

Zhao Hai nodded. Zhang Hongliang's idea was the same as one of his ideas, which was the Zi-Mother Array, so he said in a deep voice: "Yes, I have also thought of this method. It can be used, but it doesn't work." The control range of the mother array has certain limitations, so it must be used in conjunction with another method, which is the Yin-Yang Magnetic Array. If used in conjunction with this array, there should be no problem. .”

When Zhang Hongliang and Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but nodded. They were all experts, so they naturally knew what the Yin-Yang Magnetic Array was. It was actually very simple. The Yin-Yang Magnetic Array was a very weird array. , you say it is a defensive magic circle, it is considered one, you say it is an offensive magic circle, it is also considered, but it is actually nothing, it is just the application of magnetism.

The Yin-Yang Magnetic Array can follow your will and change the magnetic field around you. If your enemy uses a weapon to attack you, you can follow your opponent's weapon and change your magnetic field to fly him away, or It is to attract him, because every weapon and every person actually has a magnetic field on their body, but you can't feel this kind of magnetic field at ordinary times. The method of using magnetic field to attack is actually only It exists in theory, because if you want to use the magnetic field to push the opponent out directly, it is almost impossible. The yin and yang magnetic force array he needs will be very huge, so this kind of array is not very suitable. .

But when Zhao Hai brought it up now, Wen Yuming and Zhang Hongliang immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai wanted to use the characteristics of magnetism to repel likes and attract different shapes to recover those magic weapons. Install a magnetic field of one attribute on the weapon, and then install a magnetic field of a different attribute on the armor, so that those magic weapons can be retrieved, and the distance of the retrieval will be very far.

If the spiritual power of some monks is added to those magical artifacts, it will be even more perfect. It will be very simple for them to recover those magical artifacts in the future. Wen Yuming and Zhang Hongliang were both masters of weapon refining, so they naturally understood what Zhao Hai meant, so as soon as they heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant.

Zhao Hai looked at the two people, and then said in a deep voice: "Besides this, I also thought of a method, but this method can only be used on the sword wings, that is, on the must-change sword wings, those The shape of the sword, we need to make the shapes of the wings on the sword wings look like this." While talking, Zhao Hai drew a shape similar to a boomerang.

After he finished drawing, he said: "There is also a benefit to changing the swords into this shape. After shooting these swords, they will attack the enemy. If the enemy blocks these swords, they will Change the flight direction of these swords, but this kind of sword will then center on its stress point and continue to attack those people. With the addition of the Yin and Yang magnetic array, the attack power of these swords will be It will become very powerful.”

Wen Yuming's eyes shone and said: "Sect Master, you mean to change the sword into this shape and release it. If the enemy ignores the sword but passes it by, the sword will fly by itself." Back to us, if the enemy blocks the sword, the sword will fly out, but it will soon turn back and still attack the place blocking him, is this what you mean?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean, and there's one more thing. If this sword is equipped with a yin-yang magnetic force array, we can use the strange magnetic force to absorb him back, and then the sword can return to When we are around us, we can change the magnetic force back to the same attribute, so that the sword can fly back. So we only need to change our own magnetic attribute, so that the sword can keep flying around us and attack. Enemies, what do you think?"

As soon as Zhao Hai finished speaking, he saw that there was already a boomerang-like sword in Yu Ming's hand, and then he shot it directly at Zhang Hongliang. Zhang Hongliang seemed to have been prepared for it, and he ducked out of the way. It passed, and the boomerang, after flying a certain distance, immediately flew back to Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming stood there without moving, and the boomerang flew back again, as if it was still very fast. Very fast.

But this time, Zhang Hongliang was not hiding. Instead, he had an extra long sword in his hand. He blocked the boomerang with one strike. The boomerang flew to the side, but soon It flew back again and still attacked Zhang Hongliang. This time Zhang Hongliang did not block it, but let the boomerang pass, and the boomerang shot towards the ground, but just when it was about to fall to the ground , but seemed to be attracted by something, and flew towards Wen Yuming once, and finally sank directly into Wen Yuming's body and disappeared.

Because the area of ​​this laboratory is very small, the two of them were very close to each other just now. The force they used was very small and the speed was very fast. The experiment was completed almost in the blink of an eye. When it was completed, After completing the test, the two of them turned to look at Zhao Hai, with excitement on their faces.

Zhao Hai looked at the two people and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "How? Is this method feasible?" In fact, without them having to answer, Zhao Hai knew that this method is really feasible, because the experiment they just conducted has already After thoroughly testing the method he mentioned, how could it not be possible?

Wen Yuming said excitedly: "It's feasible, it's so feasible. Sect Master, I really didn't expect that there is such a method. It's great, it's really great. Sect Master, we will start testing it right away. This method is really good." It's great. I think with this method, our attack power will become extremely powerful if we kill the disciples with blood. Especially when the army is fighting, if we release this kind of attack all over the sky at once Flying sword, what will happen to the enemy? They will have to face this endless attack. Such a weapon is really terrible. By that time, the enemy who died in the hands of this weapon will definitely not Less." Zhang Hongliang also nodded vigorously. He also felt that this kind of weapon is really terrible, because his attack will almost never stop. The most important thing is that you can't block it. It's terrible. .