c7163 Whirling Sword Wings

Of course, the Blood Killing Sect has no shortage of troops, but this time their attack is mainly focused on the Necromancer clan. Although the Necromancer clan has a lot of troops, if they want to expand in all directions, the troops are somewhat insufficient. Defense on three sides, so that the Undead clan can use all their power for expansion, and the defense can be handed over to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this idea that Wen Wenhai did this Decide.

When Chang Jun heard what Wen Wenhai said, he also nodded and said: "Okay, then I will let them formulate a battle plan, and then we will make some necessary modifications." After that, he turned around and went to give instructions. . You must know that in the headquarters of the Blood Killing Sect, although the number of commanding personnel is not very large, only Wen Wenhai and others, there are many organizations surrounding this headquarters, and among them there is a number A very large staff group. This staff group did not exist before. It only appeared during this adjustment. They gathered some disciples and elders who were good at thinking, participated in many battles, and performed very well. A staff group was formed.

The main task of this staff group is to formulate a battle plan. Whether it is offense or defense, they must make a plan. Then the plan must be reviewed by Wen Wenhai and the others. As long as there is no problem with the plan, it will be implemented as planned. Plan to execute.

Of course, this is not completely stipulated. The staff officers will also pay attention to the situation on the battlefield at any time. Once there are any changes on the battlefield, they will follow the situation on the battlefield and make certain adjustments to the plan. Only by doing so At this step, this staff group can be considered a real success.

The current staff group of the Blood Killing Sect has just been formed and has not been tested in actual combat. It is really hard to say what kind of results it will have. However, Wen Wenhai still assigned the task. He must Let the staff members participate in this attack. If they are not given tasks, they will not be able to make any progress.

While the staff team was making calculations, the experiments here at Shenji Hall had also made great progress. Now they have made wings, using the spinning sword. The spinning sword was made by Zhao Hai. That kind of A sword like a boomerang. Not only is the yin and yang magnetic array added to this boomerang sword, but also the spiritual power of the disciple is added. Most importantly, some attribute arrays are also added.

The so-called attribute array is actually an array group. For example, the sharp attribute array is actually an array group. There are many arrays in this array, and these arrays will be arranged in an orderly manner on the entire spinning sword. The arrangement makes this revolving sword sharper and can pierce or cut many things.

Of course, there are other magic circles, such as poison, gravity, blood-eating, splitting, etc. These magic circles can also be installed on the spinning sword, which will increase the power of the spinning sword. Now they are The final test is being carried out. As long as this test passes, the metal wings called whirling sword wings can be installed on the bodies of Blood Killing Sect disciples. As for putting them on the bodies of Blood Killing Sect disciples, Incarnation, turning into a huge arsenal, that still needs to wait, it is not that easy to achieve.

In fact, for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, it is said that a pair of wings will be added to their bodies, but the formation of how to form these wings is transmitted to the optical brains of all disciples, and then they are allowed to Once these disciples are familiar with the use of these wings, the task will be completed, but it is actually very simple.

Zhao Hai, Wen Yuming and Zhang Hongliang were standing outside the testing ground. In the same testing area, several disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were conducting an attack test. Their test was actually very simple. One wore an armor with wings. Fight against several disciples wearing ordinary armor and see what the result is.

The battle has been going on for nearly half an hour now, and the result is very good. Several disciples wearing ordinary armor have withdrawn from the battle, but the disciple wearing the revolving sword-wing armor is still fighting there, and he is becoming more and more brave as he fights. The pair of sword wings exerted great power, not only for offense, but also for defense, because the sword wings could even be used as shields, because the revolving swords on the sword wings, after being released, were not meant to be used as swords. When the wings are gone, there is nothing left. They can also reappear a new spinning sword immediately. As long as he is willing, he can even release unlimited spinning swords to attack the enemy. Zhao Hai is even sure that as long as this kind of sword If the wings appear, then there will definitely be many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who will no longer fight with weapons with both hands, but will use the sword wings as their main weapons.

Zhao Haibao looked at it for a while, then calculated the time, and then said: "Okay, stop." The disciples in the field stopped immediately, and all flew to Zhao Hai's side, waiting for Zhao Hai to lecture. . Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "I want to tell you some good news. Our revolving sword wings have been tested successfully and can be officially put into use." After half an hour of fighting, he could tell that The power of the whirling sword wings was revealed. So far, the performance of the whirling sword wings made him very satisfied.

Hearing the name, they all cheered. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and couldn't help but smile, waved his hands and said: "Everyone performed very well this time. You can successfully spin the sword wings, and you have all made great contributions. You will receive corresponding rewards, but don’t be proud. Your hall master said before that he would turn the external incarnation of our Blood Killing Sect into the inexhaustible weapons carried by our Blood Killing disciples. Weapons arsenal, you have to work hard in this direction. I don’t think I need to tell you what your next mission will be, right? You should know what you are going to do, right?"

Everyone said in unison: "Yes, Sect Master, we understand." Of course they knew what they were going to do, and the next step was to promote the spinning sword wings throughout the Blood Killing Sect, so that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would know the spinning sword wings. The existence of Sword Wings also allows them to become familiar with the Revolving Sword Wings as soon as possible. Only in this way can the Revolving Sword Wings play their greatest role in the Blood Killing Sect.

In fact, for Zhao Hai, the Revolving Sword Wing is just a magic weapon, and it can even be said to be a somewhat cheating magic weapon. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very strong now, he will not let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Use the revolving sword wings, because the revolving sword wings are really convenient and easy to use. For a monk, this is not necessarily a good thing.

What a monk pursues in practice is not your weapons or your skills. The lethality must be great. That is a completely wrong approach. What a monk pursues in practice is the path to immortality, his understanding of the skills, and his knowledge of weapons. The understanding of the earth-opening technique and the understanding of the laws of heaven and earth are what monks should pursue. With the revolving sword wings, you will never be able to make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel the sword intention of the eight bloody fighting styles, and Two people of equal strength faced each other, one used the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, and the other used the Revolving Sword Wings. In the final result, neither could do anything to the other, but for the monks, the Revolving Sword Wings might be a powerful weapon. Weapons can help you kill enemies, but they will not bring you other benefits, but the Eight Styles of Bloody Fighting are different. The Eight Blood Fighting Styles can allow you to understand the way of killing and accumulate murderous energy, which is very important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

To use a more clichéd analogy, if a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has just learned the Eight Styles of Blood Fighting, he is no match for a disciple who has just learned how to use the spinning sword wings. If a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect realizes When it comes to the Eight Blood-Killing Styles of Sword Intent, he can be evenly matched with the disciples who use the Revolving Sword Wings. If he fully understands the Eight Blood-Killing Styles and has his own sword technique, then he can completely kill If a disciple who uses Revolving Sword Wings dies, this is the difference between them. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai does not think too highly of the spinning sword wings.

However, the emergence of the spinning sword wings is a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. At least it seems to be a good thing now, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have a more powerful weapon. It will be easier when facing enemies, especially when facing enemies like the Yasha clan. The appearance of the revolving sword wings is very important to the Blood Killing Sect. It will make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, less A lot of losses.

Promotion is really nothing to the people of Shenjitang. They have done this many times before. The promotion of external incarnations is carried out by them. In addition, the Blood Killing Sect and the Real Illusion This big killer can be practiced there all the time without worrying about getting injured, so this promotion is actually very easy.

And this time the promotion went very smoothly. Not only the ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples learned this method, but also the undead clan with wings themselves also learned this method. Even the undead giant beasts also learned this method. They learned this method, but the number of spinning swords they released at one time was too many, and their spinning swords were also very huge.

Originally, long-range attacks were the shortcomings of those undead behemoths. Although they could release spells and use energy weapons, with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws suppressing them, neither spells nor energy weapons could be used to great effect. The effect of this is that they have no long-range attack capabilities. The appearance of the revolving sword wings gave them the ability to attack with luck, which was definitely a good thing for them.

The people of the undead clan are even simpler. Although they have their own wings, they have folded their wings now and exclusively use the revolving sword wings. Although this makes Zhao Hai a little helpless, but Zhao Hai didn't say anything else. They could use it if they liked. Anyway, their wings were just an auxiliary function. Now it would be a good thing for them to change it to a better auxiliary tool.

In this silence, the promotion of the Swirling Sword Wings of the Blood Killing Sect has been completed. Once promoted, the Swinging Sword Wings were indeed very popular, and everyone was very enthusiastic about practicing them.