c7166 Practice methods

Laura has been living with Zhao Hai for such a long time, so she naturally knows Zhao Hai's methods, so she just smiled and said: "To deal with those people, we still have to have the necessary means, otherwise a few will really appear. It's betrayal, but we don't know about it, that's too passive. You defeated the Blood Killing Sect with your hands and feet, and it won't work if someone destroys it from the inside."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, nodded and said: "That's right, there are still necessary means. We can't be fools. Forget it, let's not talk about it. No matter who wants to take advantage of our Blood Killing Sect, I They won't let them go. Fortunately, our opponents here are the Shadow Clan people. If one day we go to Wanshan Realm, our opponents will not only be the Shadow Clan people, but also the monks. But even if If they want to kill us, I won't be polite."

Laura smiled and said: "Why do you care so much? Those sects in Wanshan Realm have been able to live peacefully with the Shadow Clan for so long, and they don't know what they have become. We don't need to worry about them anymore. Let's clean up Just kill them. We must integrate our forces to completely clean up the Shadow Clan. Don’t forget that Wanshan Realm is not the end. There is also an upper realm here, and there is also an upper realm. From the Shadow Clan, the finger I used to deal with you was energy from the upper realm."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said with a smile: "Speaking of which, the existence of this space is a good thing for us. Although we cannot use Dharma here, it makes our strength even more powerful. When we get out of here, we don't have to worry about anything even if we face the suppression of various sects in the Wanshan Realm. Even if the Shadow Clan wants to attack us, we have nothing to worry about. If we don't If you appear in this space city, you may have to directly face the pursuit of the Shadow Clan, and I really don’t know if I can stop them.”

Laura nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "We are in a process of accumulation here. When we get to Wanshan Realm, we can take out all the things we have accumulated. I believe that by then, we will definitely be able to get it. Down at Wanshan Realm, the Shadow Clan are being completely dealt with."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said: "Tell me, are there other interfaces in Wanshan Realm? If there are other interfaces there, will the Shadow Clan people enter other interfaces? We If we can't find other interfaces for the Shadow Tribe people to develop and start businesses in other interfaces, will all our previous work have been in vain?"

Laura said in a deep voice: "We can talk about this after we get to Wanshan Realm. Anyway, we can't know it now. If there are other interfaces in Wanshan Realm, I think it's impossible for us to not receive any news at all. There will definitely be some clues, and we will just take action when the time comes.”

Zhao Hai didn't say anything, just nodded, and then glanced at the screen. What appeared on the screen now was the situation of the undead clan making preparations. After a while, he sighed and said: "The loyalty of these guys There is really nothing to say, it seems that the losses of the undead clan and the alien clan will not be small this time, after all, those Yaksha are really difficult to deal with."

Laura said in a deep voice: "This is a process that all forces must go through if they want to become strong. We are very good now and have given several lives to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Although they will suffer some losses, the real Not many died, which is why our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are so good at fighting."

Zhao Hai looked at the undead clan and the alien clan, sighed softly and said: "God is fair and gave these two clans strong fighting power, but it also made them become my subordinates forever. If they don't become my I am afraid that the two of their men have occupied countless interfaces now, and I don’t know how much destructive power they will cause.”

Laura smiled and said: "You also said that God is fair. If they really cause damage to too much space, do you think God will allow them to exist? Only they are in your hands. Genius will allow them to exist, otherwise, I am afraid they would have been destroyed long ago."

Zhao Hai just nodded. He felt that God was indeed fair. Except for the Shadow Clan, in other matters, it seemed that God had not missed anything. They would just make some appropriate adjustments and would not directly Participate in it, but you will find in the end that you seem to never be able to escape their calculations.

When he thought of this, a sudden inspiration flashed in Zhao Hai's mind. He suddenly thought that he appeared here and got the space. Could this matter have been deliberately arranged by someone? If someone really arranged it deliberately, then this thing would be terrible, because it means that everything he does now may be part of someone else's calculations. How can he not be surprised? .

As soon as Laura saw Zhao Hai's face, she became very ugly, and she couldn't help being stunned. She then said: "Brother Hai, what's wrong? But what happened?" Laura knew very well that now she can There are not many things that make Zhao Hai's face become so ugly. Now that Zhao Hai's face is so ugly, of course they are very surprised.

Zhao Hai said: "Do you think the life we ​​are living now was designed by others? From the time I appeared in this world until I reached this day, was it possible that everything was designed? ? Will there always be a pair of eyes watching us and guiding us to do these things? "

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned, and then their faces changed. To be honest, they really hadn't thought about it at all. After a while, Laura said: "I I don’t think so. No one has such an ability. Even the God we talk about now cannot have such an ability. If he really has such an ability, there is no way he can’t even deal with the Shadow Clan. Brother Hai, We don’t need to think so much, and we don’t want to make things so scary. I don’t think that is necessary at all. We can just keep going according to our ideas. No matter whether someone is plotting against us or not, he will always show up in the end. As long as we are strong enough, then his calculations are no longer calculations, but are helping us grow, there is nothing extraordinary about it."

Although Laura said before that no one was plotting against them, it could still be heard from her words later that in fact, he did not have much confidence in his speculation, but her words also had some effect. Zhao After hearing her words, Hai nodded and said: "Yes, even if someone is plotting against us, we will face him sooner or later. As long as we are strong enough, then his plot will no longer be a plot." ”

Laura and the others nodded vigorously. Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others, then smiled slightly and said: "Forget it, let's not talk about this matter. Laura, in fact, what I am more worried about now is your cultivators." Regarding training, your strength can be said to be the weakest among the Blood Killing Sect. I have always been worried about this issue. I wonder if you have any ideas?"

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "Brother Hai, are you worried about the disappearance of those people in the sect's interface before? Are you afraid that we are not strong enough and one day we will disappear too?" They have lived with Zhao Hai for such a long time, and they know very well what Zhao Hai is worried about, so when they heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant.

Zhao Hai nodded, then sighed and said: "It's impossible for me not to worry about this matter. If one day, you really disappear, then I really don't know what will become of me, so now I really I want to harness your strength and make you stronger so that I won’t worry.”

Laura smiled and said: "Brother Hai, don't worry. We have actually thought about this problem a long time ago, and we already have a solution. In fact, our solution is very simple, which is the magic circle, Brother Hai, We have been studying the magic circle these years, but it is not in vain, we have also gained some insights, so you don’t have to worry about anything."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he quickly asked: "What do you think? Tell me carefully?" Zhao Hai really wanted to know what Laura and the others had researched, which actually gave them such confidence. , you must know that almost every upgrade of Laura and the others is done with Zhao Hai, and they are not upgraded based on their strength, so their strength has actually fallen a lot. Zhao Hai really doesn’t know that they How can I make up for what I have left behind?

Laura smiled and said: "Actually, it's very simple. It's the magic circle. Over the years, we have never given up on studying the magic circle. From the most basic formation symbols to the current heaven and earth runes and curse runes, we have been We are researching, and now our research has been completed, and we have also tested it, and it is very successful."

Zhao Hai was even more puzzled. He looked at Laura and the others and said, "Have you tested it? How? Let me see?" Zhao Hai really didn't know what Laura and the others tested, and why? When there was no movement, he said that he had already tested it, which surprised him so much. At the same time, he also looked at Laura and the others, but did not find any changes in Laura and the others. The energy fluctuations on their bodies were still very weak, and there was no change. any changes.

Laura smiled slightly and stretched out her right hand. Zhao Hai looked at her right hand in confusion, and then he suddenly felt that the spiritual energy around him rushed towards Laura's right hand crazily, and at the same time, on her right hand , countless runes appeared. These runes were moving and changing, as if they were alive. These runes were all composed of energy, but this energy seemed to be integrated with Laura and the others. There is no way to separate them.

Zhao Hai was greatly surprised. He had never seen such a training method before. This method was similar to the incarnation of the energy array of the Blood Killing Sect, but it was different. The incarnation of the energy array, It is to make the energy array independent from the monks' bodies, and this method is to combine the energy array with their bodies. They are two completely different paths, but their roots seem to be Likewise, this made Zhao Hai even more puzzled.