c7167 idea

Laura saw Zhao Hai's confusion, she smiled slightly and said: "Actually, the matter is very simple. We originally had such an idea. Later, after referring to the incarnation of the energy array of our Blood Killing Sect, we combined all All the ideas were combined, and we have this kind of training method. It can be said that now we are the real formation cultivators in the Blood Killing Sect. Our power comes from the formation, and our practice is inseparable. Opening the magic circle, our attacks are also carried out using the magic circle, and our bodies have been completely integrated with the magic circle."

Having said this, Laura paused for a moment, and then said: "We have been thinking about how to improve our strength faster and keep up with the progress of the Blood Killing Sect, but we have never been very good. Method, because we ascended with your power from the very beginning, and have been ascending with you. Just like you said, we have fallen behind too much. If we practice with normal cultivation methods, we will be forever. It is impossible to keep up with your footsteps. If we use those quick methods to practice, it will be even more impossible, because if we use such methods, then we will fall into the devil's path and eventually become possessed. It's all light. It's most likely to make yourself look like a human or a ghost. We can't accept ourselves becoming like that, it's too ugly."

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he heard her words. Laura and the others were women after all, and they would never forget beauty at any time. While the Demon Sect disciples might be very strong when they were practicing, the skills they practiced were The method will have some side effects, such as some changes in the body, making oneself very ugly, and this is something Laura and the others cannot accept.

Laura then said: "Later we discovered that the magic circle seemed to have unlimited possibilities, so we have been studying the magic circle to see if we can find some ways to solve our problems from the magic circle. , all the time, we just had a very vague idea, until the incarnation of the energy array appeared, we suddenly realized it, and finally thought of a practice method that is most suitable for us, that is, using the array, and Combining and merging together, only in this way can we truly become a master and keep up with everyone's practice progress. Moreover, this method can even be said to be quick. The most important thing is that this method can be compared with The combination of our bodies makes our bodies very powerful. It can be said that this method completely integrates our bodies with our energy array incarnation. If we die in battle, then It is equivalent to the incarnation of our energy circle being destroyed."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then he asked with some confusion: "If that's really the case, what would happen?" The incarnation of the energy circle was broken. In Zhao Hai's eyes, it didn't seem to be a big deal. , because the incarnation of the energy array, as long as the main array is not broken, will actually be fine. As long as there is a soul imprint, as long as there is a magic circle, the incarnation of the energy array can still be alive. This does not mean what.

Laura said solemnly: "If we really die, it means that our soul marks have been impacted and may disappear, or we may be reborn as undead creatures, but our memories may be affected. , this is the scariest part, because it means that we may not have that many lives left.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he frowned and said in a deep voice: "You combine your soul marks with the incarnation of the energy array, and then let the energy array incarnate with your body. This practice method is only possible through fusion, and in this way, the soul mark that you separated will return to your body and be combined with your soul at once. Is that right?"

Laura nodded and said: "Yes, it's like this, so we may not be able to use other clones, and then our few lives will be gone, so I say this method is beneficial. The disadvantage is that it can increase your strength to a very terrifying level in a short period of time, and even make your body almost immortal, but it is equivalent to losing several other lives."

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said: "After the soul mark returns to your body, can't you separate a new soul mark? If you are separating a soul mark, then this method will not have any Is there a problem? You can also use the other lives."

Laura shook her head and said: "It's not possible now. After the soul has been separated once, it must rest for a long time before it can experience the tenth soul separation. Otherwise, problems will occur. Just like us now, it is absolutely not possible. It may be that the second soul separation is going on, at least it is impossible to do it in a short period of time."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he suddenly thought of his previous blood clones. Those blood clones were his clones from the beginning, aren't they also combined with him now? And they can't be separated, but now he still has an external incarnation, and he can still separate the soul mark. It doesn't seem to have any impact?

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately understood what was going on, because his blood clones at that time were not real clones. In fact, there was no imprint of his soul in those clones, but just a kind of his spirit. The force control method is not his real clone, and it is different from the soul mark clone they use now.

Zhao Hai immediately turned to Laura and said: "Have you successfully practiced this technique now? Or have you fully integrated your energy array clone into your body? Carefully Tell me." Zhao Hai still wanted to see if he could find a solution.

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help but be stunned, and then she said with some confusion: "What's wrong, Brother Hai? Do you have any ideas? We haven't completely integrated with our energy array clone yet. , now I only have the arm part fused, it is not easy to completely integrate the separated soul mark with our soul. After all, our soul has recovered a lot now, and now I want to Their reintegration is equivalent to making a piece of lost flesh grow back into our bodies, which is not easy."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "I have practiced a skill before, which is the blood clone technique. At that time, I thought that it was my soul mark clone, but now that I think about it, it is not like that. The soul mark clone was not something I could do at the time. Although the blood clone at that time looked like a clone, in fact, it was my own mental power that controlled the blood clone. All of us monks can control our mental power in detail. Divide it into many parts and use it to control different magic weapons. This is a method that all monks know. And those blood clones are actually controlled by my mental power, but that kind of blood clone has an ability, which is the blood killing Zongli carries part of my memory, and he can operate independently. This is also the unique ability of the blood clone. It is a bit like an optical brain, but it is not as advanced as an optical brain."

At this point, he paused for a moment, and then said: "What I mean is, can we use the method of controlling the blood clone to control the energy array clone you mentioned? Anyway, this energy array clone only needs to be with us. Our bodies can be fused together. Maybe without the soul mark, the fusion will be easier. And our soul mark can still stay in the incarnation outside the body. When the time comes, we can create an energy array clone. ,What do you think?"

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. She was really familiar with the method they came up with. The method they came up with was actually to use their energy method. The formation clones are integrated with their bodies, and in their dantian are the heaven and earth runes and curse runes, and in their body meridians are all other runes, all the spiritual energy in their bodies, The magic power is all running in the form of these runes. There is a magic circle in all their acupuncture points. The heaven and earth runes and curse runes in her Dantian control all the runes and curses in her meridians. The magic circle, these runes and the magic circle, can absorb energy on their own when changing their profession. During the battle, these runes and the magic circle can be turned into a means of attack. It's very good. This is also It will make their strength improve much faster.

This way of training seems to overlap with their current way of training, because their current way of training is to rely on the yin and yang thunder pool in their external incarnation to provide them with energy, and then this energy enters the energy The incarnation of the magic circle, after being filtered, enters into the dharma in their bodies, then passes through the magic circle in the magic circle, is input into their bodies, and runs through their meridians for a week before entering. In the Dharma phase, this is considered to have completed a cycle. It seems that they are combining their bodies with the incarnation of the energy array, which is somewhat repetitive. There is even no energy array incarnation to filter, and their energy It will also cause harm to the body.

But the fact is not like this. In fact, after they combine the incarnation of the energy array with their bodies, they no longer need to filter the energy in the Yin and Yang Lei Pond, because there is no need for that energy to enter In the incarnation outside the body, it has no effect on the incarnation outside the body, and even has certain benefits. Then it enters their body, that is, in the incarnation of the energy array. The incarnation of the energy array contains the runes of heaven and earth and curses. After the runes are absorbed and refined by these two kinds of runes, the energy can run in their bodies in the form of runes, and there will be no problems.

In the past, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had to filter the energy before using it because they were worried that the energy would harm the body. However, if the energy is allowed to run in the form of runes, there is no need to worry about harming the body. In other words, This method makes their body's endurance very strong. They can store energy in those magic circles or in the runes of heaven and earth, and their strength will also become stronger.