c7168 good and evil

The human body is actually very fragile, especially for monks. However, your meridians, acupoints, and even the Dantian Qi sea are all very fragile. Why must monks practice step by step? , because the spiritual energy of heaven and earth is very overbearing. If you let too much spiritual energy of heaven and earth enter your body at once, your meridians will not be able to bear it, and neither will your Dantian Qi Sea. The final result will be that your meridians will be broken. If it breaks, your Qi sea will be broken directly. In that case, you won't be able to practice any more, or you will be paralyzed directly.

When monks practice, they can only absorb a small amount of spiritual energy at first. One is for practice, and the other is to warm and nourish your body, meridians, and Dantian, so that your body becomes stronger and your meridians more powerful. The tenacity will make your Dantian stronger, and at the same time it will expand your meridians, making your meridians stronger, making your Dantian bigger and able to accommodate more spiritual energy. Only your Dantian can accommodate more spiritual energy. You are equivalent to improving your level.

Why is it that the exercises of the righteous sect are generally not easy to go overboard, while the exercises of the magic sect are easy to go overboard? In fact, the problem arises here. The sects of the righteous way are generally neutral and peaceful, and what they pay attention to is a step-by-step approach. In this process, your body will become stronger and stronger, your meridians will become stronger and stronger, your Dantian will slowly expand, and your strength will naturally become stronger.

The magic sect skills are about rapid progress. Of course, they do not mean that too much spiritual energy will flow into your body at once, but they will keep your meridians and Dantian in a saturated state. , this is very life-threatening, just like a water pipe, you cannot keep it in the highest pressure state, which will affect its service life.

And why the monks of the Demon Sect like to do some seemingly cruel things, even using human blood to practice, is because the spiritual energy has been running in a saturated state in their bodies, which will make their meridians and Dantian, Being in a state of bloating all the time will bring pain to their bodies. Anyone who is not tormented by pain all the time may become a pervert even if it is not painful. They kill people and do cruel things, maybe just for the sake of it. Let their pain be alleviated a little bit, and at the same time they kill people and use human blood to practice, because the demon sect has a way to use other people's flesh and blood to repair the damage to their bodies, so that their Meridians, you can stick to it for a while.

It is precisely because of this that very few demon monks can die well in the end. Think about it, a person who is tortured by pain all the time is either a lunatic or a pervert. In this case, they still have the ability to fight Inner demon? Moreover, their meridians cannot withstand the torture for too long. Even if they have a method to repair the meridians, it will not be possible. In the end, their body and soul will be dead.

But Laura and their current method solved this problem. They introduced the heaven and earth runes and the curse runes into their Dantian. These two magic circles, one positive and one negative, one negative and one negative. Yang can absorb all the energy between heaven and earth. At the same time, the runes running in their bodies can also store and absorb energy. The magic arrays in the acupuncture points can also store and absorb energy, and these energies are in those The runes exist in their meridians in the form of runes, not directly in the form of energy. In this way, their meridians will not withstand heavy stress. When they are under pressure, they can naturally store a lot more energy.

This is like a road. You kept letting water pass through the road, so the pressure on the road was naturally great. But now Laura and the others compressed the water, and then filled it with water. When you get to the car, let these cars run on the road, so that the pressure on the road will naturally be less, and the meridians will not need to bear too much pressure. The runes of heaven and earth and the curse runes can store a lot of energy, and your practice speed will be natural. It also improved.

The original training method of the Blood Killing Sect is a bit like the training method of the Demon Sect, but it is different. Their training method is actually very overbearing. The Yin and Yang Thunder Pool releases energy almost all the time. This energy But it is more domineering than the ordinary energy of heaven and earth. If this energy is allowed to rush directly into the human body, the human body cannot bear it and will be destroyed immediately. I am afraid that it will be destroyed immediately. It will explode into blood mist.

Therefore, this kind of energy needs to be filtered. First, the energy array clone will absorb part of the energy. After suppressing the strong pressure of these energies, the energy will enter the Dharma form, and the Dharma form will absorb it. Part of the energy is undergoing secondary decompression. In this way, although this energy is still very powerful, it will not cause any damage to your body and can be used by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, this energy is actually very large and puts a certain amount of pressure on people's meridians. In order to alleviate this situation, all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must learn the art of physical cultivation. The art of physical cultivation is to use the energy in the meridians to It is dispersed throughout the body and then absorbed by the body. It is specially used to warm and exercise the body, so that the meridians in the body will be stronger.

The method Laura and the others are using now is another method. They no longer filter the power coming out of the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond through the Dharma phase. In this way, the remaining energy is still very strong, but it will enter directly. In their Dantian, the heaven and earth runes and curse runes are stored in their Dantian, and then these energies are sent out from the Dantian in the form of runes. This energy will pass through the magic circle in every acupuncture point of the body. Finally, after entering their external incarnations, the pressure on their meridians will be smaller. At the same time, those runes are not leaking any power. The exposed energy can still warm and nourish the body. At the same time, those runes You can also absorb energy. When the energy returns to the Dharma, it may not be less than when it enters the Dantian from the Dharma. And when this energy returns to the Yin and Yang Lei Pond, it will become even more. This is equivalent to making their bodies stronger and their strength stronger.

But this method is equivalent to sacrificing their energy array incarnation. You must know that their energy array incarnation is equivalent to their life, although they can still make a rational array incarnation in the future. Come, but if they want the soul mark to separate from their bodies, they have to wait more than ten years, or even decades. If they encounter any danger during these decades, then it will be It's really dangerous.

And Zhao Hai also understood their training methods. Zhao Hai felt that this training method actually did not require the incarnation of the energy array. The most important thing in the incarnation of the energy array was the soul imprint, but this training method, In fact, there is no need for a soul mark. You only need to create an existence like the incarnation of the energy circle, but without adding the soul mark, and only strengthening the control of some mental power, it can have the same effect, and the effect may even be greater. good.

Zhao Hai and the others used the soul-splitting technique to separate part of the soul imprint. After this part of the soul imprint was separated, the souls in their bodies would repair themselves, just like a person's body had lost a piece of flesh, but he would It will grow slowly, and even if it cannot fully recover, new skin will grow and it will not have much impact.

And Laura's method is to fuse the soul mark with the body in the end. This is equivalent to finding the piece of meat that fell from your body and trying to put it back in place. It has been restored. Of course, this is not an easy thing to do on a dead body. Let’s not talk about whether this piece of meat can still grow. Even if it can grow, if you want this piece of meat to find its way to your body, you must Peel off the elder's skin, and then connect all the blood vessels and nerves, so that it can grow back, which will only make it more troublesome.

Zhao Hai's method is to prevent the soul mark from entering your body. The incarnation of the energy array still exists, but you can make an array similar to the incarnation of the energy array, but in this array, there is no Soul mark, and then fuse this array with your body, so that this thing can not only play the role you want, but also not be as troublesome as re-integrating the soul mark.

Laura and the others immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. Although they were surprised, they also felt that this method seemed feasible. If it was successful, they would not lose a life, and this training method would still be effective. It can be used, but in this case, it will be very troublesome to come up with this kind of energy array that can replace the incarnation of the energy array.

When she thought of this, Laura immediately said to Zhao Haihai: "But Brother Hai, our energy array clone has been integrated with part of our body. Can we still use this method?" Laura was most worried about. On this point, she was very confident in Zhao Hai. She was worried that this would happen, so she was like this.

When Zhao Hai heard her words, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "It's okay, have you forgotten the characteristics of the incarnation of the energy array? Let the energy array incarnate and give up that part of the array that enters your body. It is a very easy thing to do, and it will not have any impact on the incarnation of the energy array. They will recover immediately, and the arrays that have entered your body can also be allowed to dissipate first. As long as our method is successful, I I believe that without the soul mark fusion step, this method will be more successful."

Laura and the others nodded at the same time, their eyes were shining brightly, and they were ready to take action. As soon as Zhao Hai saw their looks, he immediately said in a deep voice: "Don't be anxious first, I will see this method." It's better for me to test it. My control over body energy and my physical strength are incomparable to you. It's best for me to test it. When I succeed in the test, it won't be too late for you to start. And if this method is really successful, it can be promoted throughout the sect, which will greatly speed up the cultivation of our disciples."