c7169 Try it yourself

Laura and the others did not object. They knew very well that Zhao Hai was telling the truth. Compared with the control of the energy in their own bodies, they could not compare to Zhao Hai, and their physical strength could not be compared with Zhao Hai. , so this matter really can only be done by Zhao Hai. If it depends on them, I really don’t know when it will be completed. They have been doing this kind of improvement of practice skills until now. It had some features, but it wasn't perfect yet, so they didn't object and all looked at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn't say anything to them. He just came to the Bailing Tree again as before, and then slowly began to make preparations. The first step was to build an energy array like the incarnation of the energy array. , a large amount of spiritual power needs to be added to this formation. It is best to fix all the magic formations used for every acupuncture point in your body first, and then add to those magic formations, inject spiritual power, and add your own The spiritual mark is then slowly formed into an array, and finally the array is integrated with one's own body. Only in this way can the first step be completed.

This step takes a long time. While Zhao Hai was doing this step, the first expansion of the Blood Killing Sect outside had already begun. This time they were tentatively expanding, so the expansion distance was not very far. There is only a thousand miles, and only one side has expanded by a thousand miles, and there is no action on the other sides.

Perhaps because the area of ​​expansion this time was not large, they did not encounter the Yaksha clan's army during their expansion this time, but the harassment was even more severe. They were harassed in all aspects, from the sky, to the ground, and underground. However, But there is still nothing that can be done against the Blood Killing Sect, but it also makes the Blood Killing's expansion this time a bit slower. After all, the Yasha clan is still very strong, and they also have magical weapons, and the attacks of their magical weapons The distance is not close, and the people of the Blood Killing Sect don't dare to underestimate it. After all, the opponent is also equivalent to some special monks, not those rigid fantasy creatures.

This time, the expansion of the Blood Killing Sect took seven days to be completed. On the other hand, the expansion of a thousand miles took seven days. This is already very slow for the Blood Killing Sect. From this point of view, we can also see It can be seen how powerful those Yashas are. They are indeed very strong, and they fight without risking their lives, which makes the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect a little surprised.

And just when they completed this expansion, Zhao Hai's energy array was also completed. This is a very complex energy array. It looks like a simple humanoid composed of energy arrays. All the acupuncture points in it are There is a small magic circle in every position, and there are two magic circles in Dantian, which are operating in forward and reverse directions. That is the center of the entire formation.

Zhao Hai took a closer look at the formation and found that it was indeed usable. It could even be used as a simple puppet technique, but this kind of puppet was no longer a physical thing. And the magic circle. The next step is to integrate this formation into the body.

Zhao Hai adjusted his body's condition. He wanted his body to recover to its best before he could start the second step. In order to let his body reach its best level, Zhao Hai even stood up and moved. After checking their bodies, Laura and the others did not come to disturb Zhao Hai. They all knew very well that at this time, Zhao Hai needed to be alone and relax.

After Zhao Hai adjusted his body, he sat down under the Bailing tree. Then he relaxed his body and concentrated on the energy formation group. Then he used his mental power to slowly Guide your own formation into your own body, allowing this formation to integrate with your body.

With the mobilization of Zhao Hai's mental power, the formation slowly floated towards Zhao Hai, and finally slowly changed into the same posture as Zhao Hai's current sitting position, and then slowly fell from the sky and landed on Zhao Hai. Hai's body finally overlapped with Zhao Hai's body completely.

But now it is just overlapping and not merging, because you can still see those magic formations, as if they are floating outside Zhao Hai's body, but Zhao Hai has not moved, he is still sitting there, and those magic formations are Little by little, they disappeared from his body, especially the magic circles that represented the acupuncture points, and even disappeared from the surface of Zhao Hai's body one by one.

When the last magic circle disappeared from Zhao Hai's body, Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief, but he did not open his eyes. He still closed his eyes. Then his mental power seemed to be more concentrated. This was going on. The third step is to connect this energy array with his soul. It is not a soul imprint, but his real soul.

This step is also very important, because completing this step is equivalent to completely integrating the energy array with his body. Its function is the same as the method Laura and the others used before, and the reason why it is necessary To carry out this step, you must use the changeable characteristics of the energy array to suit your body.

In fact, the method developed by Laura and the others, on the surface, seems to have the core of heaven and earth runes and curse runes, but in fact, they are the ones who really control this method. It is like a clone of the energy circle. The energy The magic circle clone integrates his own soul mark into it, but this soul mark does not have to stay in a magic circle, and he can stay in any magic circle, that is to say, any magic circle The magic circle can become the central control magic circle, and at the same time, it can also adjust all the magic circles that make up the energy magic circle clones, and this is what Laura and the others value most.

This adjustment is necessary because not every acupuncture point corresponding to each magic circle is so suitable. What should I do if it is not suitable? Shouldn't that acupoint be used anymore? By turning this energy array group into another energy array clone that is directly connected to the soul, you can adjust the arrays on all acupuncture points in the body. In this way, you can find out the most suitable one for that acupoint. The magic circle.

Some people may wonder, if adjustments are to be made now, why not just create a magic circle directly, integrate it into the body, merge with the soul, and then separate the magic circle and enter those acupoints? Isn't this the ability of the energy array clone? Why is it necessary to create a magic circle for each acupoint to form an array? Isn't that a lot of extra work?

In fact, training is not that simple. If Zhao Hai just fuses a magic circle with his body, and finally merges it with his soul, then if this magic circle wants to become an energy magic circle clone, it is not It was an easy thing, because at that time, the magic circle had already entered Zhao Hai's body. It was not outside the body like the energy magic circle clone. This had a great impact.

Moreover, if a magic circle is to be turned into an energy cycle in Zhao Hai's body, it must be opened acupoint by acupoint, which will take more time, and it will be more difficult and even more difficult. There is a danger, because if the runes and magic circle are not handled properly, the acupuncture points may be broken, which will have a great impact on the monks.

And like Zhao Hai is doing now, first take out the energy array, and then put it directly into the body, fuse it, and make adjustments after the fusion, then there will be a lot of things left. It is like building a road. You are Is it easier to start from the very beginning and practice all the way, or is it easier to make some slight adjustments based on the original path? I believe you will know this without comparing.

Because the energy array has been formed, and there is Zhao Hai's spiritual power in it, the integration with Zhao Hai's body is very smooth, and when it is combined with Zhao Hai's soul, it is also very smooth. , and soon the magic circle on Zhao Hai suddenly lit up, and then disappeared, and then Zhao Hai opened his eyes.

He first raised his hand and glanced at his arm, but found nothing. However, he was not in a hurry. Instead, with a thought, runes appeared one by one on his arm. In addition to the runes, there were also magic spells. These magic circles were very small and rotating, and the runes looked like small rivers flowing through his body.

Zhao Hai nodded with great satisfaction, but then he put down his hand again and closed his eyes. Now he has to take the last step, which is to adjust the magic circle in his body. Those acupuncture points are not suitable for him. Some adjustments must be made to the magic circle. Only in this way can he achieve the best training effect.

The beneficial channels of the human body also have attributes. Take the twelve main meridians as an example. They include the Hand Shaoyin Heart Meridian, the Hand Taiyin Lung Meridian, the Foot Yangming Stomach Meridian, etc. It can be seen from the names that these meridians have Some belong to yin, some belong to yang, and each acupuncture point is divided into yin and yang at different times of the day. Therefore, those magic formations that are integrated with the acupoints also need to make certain adjustments.

In addition, everyone's physical condition is different, so you have to make adjustments according to the conditions in your body. After all, in the Blood Killing Sect, there are too many magic circles with the same attributes. Which magic circle is the most suitable for you? , this requires you to slowly study and adjust slowly.

But this is not a difficult task for Zhao Hai. He knows his body very well, but it is not easy to find the magic circle that is most suitable for his acupoints. Fortunately, he has a biological brain, which can It is not a problem to calculate the energy in each acupoint and then find the most suitable array for that acupoint.

Soon Zhao Hai finished adjusting. This time he stood up and took a deep breath. This time the improvement of the technique was truly completed. Zhao Hai moved his body and then slowly walked towards the room. And Laura and the others had obviously been paying attention to his situation. As soon as they saw him walking towards the room, Laura and the others immediately came out to greet him.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw the worried looks on Laura's and the others' faces, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Don't worry, it's okay. This time the test has been successful. You can start practicing next, but before practicing, There is one more step that must be done, otherwise there will still be certain dangers in practicing."