c7164 cruel

Zhao Hai was sitting in the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect, listening to Wen Wenhai's report. Wen Wenhai's report was the attack plan formulated by the staff team. This attack plan was very good. After all, those staff officers were all Veterans who have been on the battlefield know what is going on, and they are not just talking about war on paper, so the battle plan they made is naturally very good, and can even be said to be perfect.

After Wen Wenhai finished speaking, Zhao Hai smiled and nodded: "Yes, this battle plan is very good, it can even be said to be very perfect. It seems that our staff team is still working very hard. , This is very good. In the future, when you send out some low-level commanders, you can send more people from this staff group, and then select some people from among the disciples to join the staff group. We want fresh blood to join the staff team all the time, do you understand?"

Wen Wenhai and the others all agreed. They really had not thought of this. After Zhao Hai said this, they also felt that this was very good. Those staff officers could go down to the army and participate in the battle. It would be better Understand the new tactics of the Blood Killing Sect, and select some outstanding people from the army to join the staff group. In the staff group, they can learn how to formulate battle plans and how to better command battles. This is also very important to them. In this way, the staff group will have fresh blood, and the army will have better grassroots commanders, which will be very beneficial to both parties.

Zhao Hai looked at the others and said: "Our attack will begin in a few days. Now the disciples have basically mastered the use of the spinning sword wings. This is enough. I want to see a kind of Whether the weapon is really effective, the best testing ground is the battlefield, let the disciples go to the battlefield to test it."

Everyone responded with a roar, Zhao Hai nodded, and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's get ready, Wen Hai, it's up to you to decide when to attack. Just tell me when you decide, Lao Wen, Don’t stop your research there, and tell Lao Zhang that his research is also very important, especially when his method is combined with the spinning sword wings, it will be more powerful, so for his research, you There needs to be more support.”

Wen Wenhai and Wen Yuming responded, Zhao Hai waved his hands, and they turned and left. When everyone left, four figures appeared in front of Zhao Hai. These four people were Ancient Expedition, Yama Wang Ling, Cang Ming, and Shu Li, the four of them control the two powerful fighting races of the Necrons and the Alien Zerg, and are also Zhao Hai's absolute confidants.

Zhao Hai glanced at them and said in a deep voice: "I called you here today just to tell you that this battle is very important to you. The strength of your two clans is already very high. You are so powerful, even more powerful than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, because you have not participated in the battle for a long time, your strength has not been brought out. You must fight well in this battle, and at the same time, both of you must The clan has become stronger, do you understand?"

All four people responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Okay, you all should go back. Remember, you must make yourself stronger, but don't lose too many people. I I am still very fond of you two races, because no matter whether there will be changes in the Blood Killing Sect in the future, you two races are my race and will always follow me, do you understand what I mean?" After Zhao Hai finished speaking, His eyes swept across the faces of the four people, and the four of them looked excited, loudly.

Of course they understand what Zhao Hai means, because they know very well that their lives are connected with Zhao Hai. As long as Zhao Hai is around, their two clans will not perish. If one day Zhao Hai is really gone. , then the two of them are afraid that they will be finished soon, because their lives and space are united. If Zhao Hai is gone, the space will naturally be gone, and their lives will naturally be gone.

Zhao Hai looked at them, waved his hands and said: "Okay, go back and get ready." The four of them responded, saluted Zhao Hai, then turned around and left. Looking at their backs, Zhao Hai couldn't help but grow Tone, to be honest, there are really fewer and fewer races available in the space now. Only these two races can keep up with him. The other one is the orc race, but the development potential of the orc race seems to be limited. They are not as big as their two clans, so Zhao Hai attaches the most importance to these two clans. At the same time, Zhao Hai is also a little embarrassed.

The reason why he had this idea was that some time ago, when Zhao Hai was checking the space, he unexpectedly found that several spaces that were originally full of people were now empty. This shocked Zhao Hai. He was surprised, and then he asked the space and found out that the people in those dimensions were too low-level to bring any help to the space. They had been refreshed by the space. There were several people in the space. , just refreshed and disappeared. How could Zhao Hai not be surprised? This was the first time he knew that space had such an ability. He was really afraid that one day, all other races in the space would be refreshed and eliminated. , every race is a piece of his memory, it just disappeared, which made him a little sad.

Every time Zhao Hai feels the cruelty of cultivation, it's not that the world of cultivation is cruel, but that cultivation is too cruel. He also understands why many people in the world of cultivation have to forget their feelings and become ruthless, because they can't do it if they don't forget. Cultivation is a very lonely process. Many years may have passed without you realizing it. When you look back, you will find that some familiar things and people have disappeared. .

If you see your parents leaving you one by one, you may be sad, but you know that sooner or later there will be a day, but when you see your children, even your grandchildren, your grandchildren's grandchildren, If everything leaves you, how will you feel? How would you feel when you see all the people you are familiar with leave you one by one, and even the mountains and rivers change their color? By that time, can you do it if you want not to forget your feelings? If you don’t forget your feelings, these feelings will become your inner demons. Do you still want to practice? If you don't go crazy, it means your heart is as hard as iron.

Such a thing has never happened in the space before, which also made Zhao Hai think that it will always be like this in the space, and there is nothing to worry about. However, when several races in the space disappeared, Zhao Hai truly understood that the world of cultivation It's really cruel. The most cruel thing is not the battle in the world of cultivation, but time.

It is precisely because of discovering this that Zhao Hai now cherishes the people around him even more. He does not want anything to happen to these people, not even one of them, so he wants to make these people's strength stronger. As for the races in the sect, it is impossible for Zhao Hai to take care of them all. There are too many of them, and they are left too far behind by Zhao Hai. It is impossible to keep up with Zhao Hai. Footsteps.

Then Zhao Hai discovered that many old people in the space had all passed away. Old people like Merlin and Green had already passed away. They were not refreshed by the space. They died by themselves because they had lived enough. , they didn’t want to live anymore. They were satisfied when they saw that their granddaughter had a good home. They found that they could not bring any help to Zhao Hai. They found that their lives seemed to have no meaning. At this time, being alive is a kind of pain for them, but they did not commit suicide, but died naturally, because their hearts were dead, so although there was support from the laws of space, they still Death is a natural choice and cannot be changed by Zhao Hai.

Meg did not seem too sad about the death of the two old people. She was very clear about the pain of the two old people. She knew the pain of the two old people living later. Meg was not sad about the departure of the two old people. It was the old man's own choice. After so many lives and deaths, Meg could see through it.

These things have greatly touched Zhao Hai. It is precisely because of these things that Zhao Hai has been transforming the undead clan. At the same time, he has also strengthened the number of battles of the alien clan. He also wants to find ways to make the alien clan become He became even more powerful because he didn't want all the things he was once so familiar with to disappear from his life.

If we really talk about it, Wen Wenhai and the others are more experienced than Zhao Hai in this regard. They are all the purest monks. Almost all of their real relatives are gone, so they have no idea about this. In fact, they have long been accustomed to this situation, and they have long learned how to adjust their mentality in this situation.

But Zhao Hai is different. Zhao Hai has had space from the very beginning of his training, and he has received all the people he really cares about into his space. These people have always been with him along the way. He was around him, so he had never experienced the pain of losing a loved one. Later, those ghosts chose to end their lives, which touched Zhao Hai a little bit. The deaths of old people like Merlin and Green also gave him a new feeling. Zhao Hai was greatly touched. Finally, it was the racial news this time that made Zhao Hai fully understand this feeling.

However, Zhao Hai is now very powerful, and he can control his emotions very well, so he does not have any discomfort. If it were an ordinary person, he would have gone crazy by now, but this time This incident indeed gave him a wake-up call, letting him truly know that the world of cultivation is indeed not that easy to mess around with, and what he cares about the most is Laura and the others.

Laura and the others have been accompanying him all the time. It can be said that without Laura and the others, he would never have been able to get where he is today. However, Zhao Hai has always been worried about Laura and the others because of their strength. In fact, they have never been very strong, and even now, their promotion is all because of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai is really worried that one day Laura and the others will leave him. If such a day comes, Zhao Hai really doesn’t know that he What will become.