c7179 Lord Xuanwu

If he wants to command Xuanwu Island, Wen Wenhai must go to the command hall of Xuanwu Island. Zhao Hai gave Wen Wenhai part of the command authority of Xuanwu Island. He can directly communicate with Xuanwu Island and then command Xuanwu Island to do something, but It is impossible to completely control Xuanwu Island.

So Wen Wenhai arrived at the command hall on Xuanwu Island and immediately entered a separate command room. Then he cupped his fists in front of a mirror in the room and said, "Master Xuanwu, Wen Hai has something to ask for." Although Wen Wenhai can command. Xuanwu Island, but when he spoke to Xuanwu Island, he was very polite, because Wen Wenhai knew very well that Xuanwu Island was the clone of Zhao Hai. It was best to treat Xuanwu Island just like Zhao Hai, otherwise he would It will be bad luck.

As soon as he finished speaking, a golden turtle appeared in the mirror. The turtle looked very cute, like a cartoon. The turtle opened its mouth wide. It seemed as if he yawned, and then he said: "Wenhai, if you want anything, please tell me." His tone of voice was also slow and slow, but it was a bit old-fashioned. This kind of back-and-forth made the little turtle more and more angry. So cute.

But Wen Wenhai did not dare to neglect at all. He immediately hugged the little turtle and said, "Master Xuanwu, it's like this. The enemies we face this time have a kind of floating island. This kind of floating island Although they can't fly by themselves, they can use an eight-legged cow to fly over the floating island. This kind of floating island is very huge. If it really hits, the impact will be very strong. I'm worried about our mountain protection formation. I can’t stop it, so I want to ask Mr. Xuanwu to go to the front line to take charge, but I don’t want the other party to be alert. I wonder what Mr. Xuanwu can do?”

The little turtle glanced at Wen Wenhai and said slowly: "Just make an agreement with the disciples below, and you don't have to worry about the rest." After saying that, the little turtle disappeared directly. When Wen Wenhai saw this situation, He couldn't help but breathed a sigh of relief. He knew that Xuanwu Island was very magical, so if Xuanwu Island said that he didn't have to take care of it, then it probably meant that he didn't have to take care of it, and he could rest assured.

But now he still has a lot of things to do. The first thing he has to do is to make an agreement with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise he will be in trouble. Wen Wenhai immediately left the room, returned directly to his room, and then called Chang Jun to the room. As soon as Chang Jun arrived, Wen Wenhai immediately said to Chang Jun: "Old Chang, I just went to invite Mr. Xuanwu , please ask Mr. Xuanwu to go to the front line and take charge. If the enemy can really break through our mountain-protecting formation, it will be troublesome, so we must be careful. We must not get into the opponent's way, otherwise the impact will be too great. Big.”

When Chang Jun heard what Wen Wenhai said, he also understood what Wen Wenhai meant. He nodded and said: "Okay, no problem, just ask. With Mr. Xuanwu sitting in charge, we don't have to worry about anything. Can you inform the disciples below? Don’t worry, I’ll make arrangements right away.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he took a long breath and said: "To be honest, before I came to the Yaksha Realm, I really didn't take these Yakshas seriously, but after I came to the Yaksha Realm, I really Very surprised, these Yaksha's combat missions are really strong enough, especially the floating island, which is quite troublesome."

Chang Jun nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "Yes, the floating island is the real trouble. Now it seems that except for Lord Xuanwu, other things really want to block the floating island. It’s impossible. Although those energy behemoths are very big, they are still not strong enough and cannot block the floating island. We have to think of a way.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, we have to think of a way. Let's do this. You go and make arrangements first. I'll call Lao Wen over. You still have to ask him about this kind of thing to see what he has. There is no way, after all, he is the real expert in this area." Chang Jun didn't say anything, nodded, turned around and left, while Wen Wenhai immediately wrote to Wen Yuming.

After Wen Yuming received the letter, he immediately came to Wen Wenhai's room. As soon as he entered the room, he looked at Wen Wenhai and said: "Old Wen, what do you want to do with me again? I can tell you that I am busy there. , I have blown it out before, we must turn our external incarnation into a magic weapon library, but now I have not done it. There is only one kind of whirling sword wing, which was made under the guidance of the sect master. It would be a shame if we really didn't get it out, so I don't have much time now. If you have anything to do, just tell me." As he said this, he sat down on the sofa in Wen Wenhai's room. , picked up the teacup, poured himself a cup of tea, and drank it in one gulp.

Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming and smiled bitterly and said: "Lao Wen, something is really going on this time. You have also seen the floating island, and you also know the area of ​​the floating island. If he really lets him You should know how powerful the impact will be without me telling you, so I just want to ask you now if there is any good way to block the impact of the floating island."

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he also put down his tea cup, then frowned and said: "To be honest, I have thought about this before. The area of ​​​​that kind of floating island is really huge. The most important thing is What's more, the enemy also made him move, which is very fatal. If we build such a big base, the usefulness may not be that great, so I am also very embarrassed about this matter. .”

Wen Wenhai said with some confusion: "Why does such a big base not necessarily have such a big effect? ​​Haven't you seen the effect of the floating island? The biggest headache for us now is the floating island. , so why not create a few floating islands? Even if his speed is a little slower, it can still play a huge role."

Wen Yuming shook his head and said: "I don't think so. If we build such a large base, storage will be a problem first. If we build him directly on Xuanwu Island, how will we get him out at that time? His It's too big. Even if you can shrink it, I'm afraid it won't shrink too much. And the bigger the size, the greater the pressure on the teleportation array. Do you think that the Blood Killing Battle Fort was designed randomly? When designing the Blood Killing Battle Fort, we have already considered the maximum pressure that the sect's teleportation array can withstand. It's okay if it's as big as the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but I'm afraid it won't work if it gets too big. If we don't build If we build it inside Xuanwu Island instead of outside, what will we do in the future? Don’t forget that the place we are now is just an inner space for refining powerful energy. We will leave here in the future. If it is true, If you build that base outside Xuanwu Island, what will you do in the future? Just stay here? If the sect leader wants to merge this inner space into Xuanwu Space in the future, will those bases also enter Xuanwu Island? In space, if you enter the Xuanwu space, you will not be able to get out. If you cannot enter the Xuanwu space, then the base will appear outside, and the target will be too big, and if we really conquer ten thousand Mountain Realm, then the sect leader will definitely merge the Wanshan Realm into the Xuanwu Space. By that time, we will still face the same problem."

Wen Yuming paused for a moment when he said this, while Wen Wenhai was digesting Wen Yuming's words. He really didn't expect that there would be so many issues involved. It was indeed as Wen Yuming said, if If a large magic weapon is really made as big as a floating island, I am afraid that no teleportation array can really accommodate it. Then the role of this base will be a bit useless, because it can only be used in one teleportation array. If you use it in the interface, there is no way to get it to other interfaces. This is very fatal. It is impossible for the Blood Killing Sect to dominate only one interface, so this thing is really useless to the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Yuming then spoke: "It is precisely because of these reasons that we have never thought about refining such a large base. In fact, we can do it now, but these problems have not been solved. , refining such a large base is of no use at all, and now we are thinking of other ways."

Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming and said: "Is there any other way? Let me listen to you. Even if it is just one way, we are facing the threat of the floating island. I really can't think of anything. No." What Wen Wenhai said was true. Facing the threat of a behemoth like the Floating Island, he really had nothing to do.

Wen Yuming said in a deep voice: "There are two methods we are thinking of now, but so far, no matter which method it is, there is no way to actually apply it. It can only be said to be an idea. The first one is to strengthen the energy giant. The strength of the beast, the energy giant beast is large enough and powerful, but one thing is that they are composed of energy. Although this seems to be an advantage, it is actually a disadvantage. He is composed of energy. Yes, and this energy is not very solid, which makes his body a little weak. If the body of the energy beast is very powerful, the effect will be different. How can we make the energy beast Will the body of the energy giant become stronger? Our plan is to start from two aspects. First, make the body of the energy giant more solid, so that the body of the energy giant will be more powerful. This is one method. Second, That is, adding some muscles and bones to the body of the energy behemoth. Without muscles and bones, even if his body is very solid, it cannot withstand collisions. However, these two methods currently only exist in imagination and have not been done yet. Yes, the energy beast is said to be summoned, but in fact it is the energy released from the magic circle. If you want to improve it, there are too many things involved."

"The second method is to combine magic weapons. The combination magic weapon I am talking about is not an ordinary combination magic weapon, but a large-scale combination magic weapon. This kind of organizational magic weapon is not controlled by one person. It is a combined magic weapon formed by countless disciples who combine their magic weapons together, but there are many things involved in it, so there is no way to realize it now. It is precisely because of these reasons, So now we really have no way to help you. You can only use the power you currently have to deal with the floating island.