c7178 Method

Gu Yuanzheng said with a smile: "When we, the Necromancer clan, are fighting, we are always commanded by several ladies. The Rubik's Cube was invented by the ladies when we were commanding our Necromancer clan to fight. After many years, After several improvements, it became what it is now, so it’s not surprising that we, the undead clan, are commanded by our ladies when we fight. The ladies are just bored and will not interfere with your command."

Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "We really wanted to ask the ladies to take command, but unfortunately, the ladies don't want to do that. Anyway, I won't care about your battles in the future. Just let the ladies take charge. , let’s talk about the enemy on the opposite side, King Xiaotian seems to be not simple.”

Everyone nodded, and Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "A person who can become a king is definitely not an easy person. He seems to be a little reckless, but you can tell by looking at the people under him. The strength of his army is definitely not high." He is weak and very methodical between advance and retreat. This is definitely not something that can be trained by a reckless person."

Baiyan then said: "The strangest thing is their fat cows. We have tested those fat cows and they can't fly, but why can their fat cows fly? And there are still some things in their bodies. It’s really weird that there is space inside to hold those yakshas.”

"Those fat cows are magic weapons, not real cows. They should just have a layer of cowhide and cow bones, which are used to make magic weapons. They are not real fat cows." Gu Yuanzheng suddenly said: "We undead The whole family has a special feeling for dead things. We didn't notice the situation of those fat cows at first, but later when those fat cows got closer, we felt a very strong feeling from those cows. Death energy, so I can be sure that those fat cows were made by them, they are just some very special-looking magic weapons."

When they heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned at first, and then they looked at each other, and they all saw a look of surprise in each other's eyes. They really didn't expect that that thing would be a magic weapon. But think about it, there is no other material in the east where the Yasha clan lives now. If they want to make magic tools, they can only use the soil here. But although the soil here can make magic tools, if they don't Adding metal would make it impossible to use at all. It would be too fragile, let alone making a large magic weapon, which would be even more impossible.

The magic weapons used by the Yasha clan are basically all grown from their bodies, but they cannot grow large magic weapons from their bodies, so they can only use the materials they have in their hands. what material? There were only cows, those fat cows, so it was not surprising that they made those fat cows into magic weapons.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "It turns out to be a magic weapon, so it's no wonder, but their magic weapon is really of no use. It can only collide and carry people, and it can't do anything else. Used it." It's no wonder that Wen Wenhai despises that kind of fat cow magic weapon. Compared with the Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Fort, that kind of magic weapon is really far behind.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "It is already very good that they can make such a magic weapon without any materials. Moreover, their giant bull magic weapon has internal space in the body, so this kind of magic weapon is very good." The magical weapons are really good, and there are also those eight-legged cows, they can actually release lightning attacks, and the attack power is also very powerful, amazing."

Baiyan said solemnly: "Their magic circle development is also very good. Our Skyfire is aimed at their floating island. We sent more than a thousand fire in total, but we still failed to remove their protective shield. Breaking through it shows how terrifying their mountain-protecting formation is, and from this point it can be seen that their magic formation skills are also very good."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and at this moment, Zhu Yong said: "I just received the news that the enemy has stopped more than two hundred miles away from our front line and is not retreating. I don't know what it means." Zhu Yong said. Yong has always been in charge of intelligence for the Blood Killing Sect, and of course he still is now, and his power is even greater than before, but he has become even more low-key.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhu Yong said, he couldn't help but frowned, and then said: "So, the other party is not ready to retreat like this? Do they still want to attack us?" What they encountered this time The enemy is indeed very difficult, because this time the enemy is different, they can think, but it is completely different from the enemies they encountered before, so when facing such an enemy, Wen Wenhai cannot be allowed to think too much.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "When we were on the front line, I paid attention to the opponent's formation. At the very beginning, the opponent's battle formation left an impact channel for the three floating islands, but it has always been We didn't get a chance. Now that the enemy is parked there, will they attack us? If they directly use the floating island to collide with our base, it will be very troublesome, and even our Five Elements Ultimate Even the killing array may not be able to stop it.”

Wen Wenhai's expression changed slightly, and then he said: "If that's really the case, it would really be a very troublesome thing. What we are actually most worried about now is those floating islands. Do we really need to use Xuanwu?" Do you want to use Xuanwu Island to deal with them? If you use Xuanwu Island now, the strength of Xuanwu Island will be exposed prematurely. I am worried that it will bring us some trouble in the future, so I still don’t want to use Xuanwu Island now. What can you do? ?"

Gu Yuanzheng said: "What about a direct attack? Let's launch the attack first and attack them now, so they won't have a chance to deal with us?" Gu Yuanzheng has a straightforward temper, so his ideas are relatively direct. Yes, in his opinion, instead of waiting for the enemy to attack, it is better for me to attack first. This is to strike first.

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said with a bitter smile: "No, the enemy has stopped now, and the distance between us is more than two hundred miles. In the distance of more than two hundred miles, there are also enemy scouts. Shouldn't we Those who may attack the opponent silently will definitely be discovered by the opponent. This is not a good thing for us. Then the opponent can attack us, and it is difficult for us to release giant weapons when we are in action. If you're an energy beast, you might suffer a big loss."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he also nodded. His temper was straightforward, but it did not mean that he was a fool. The enemy was retreating before, and their floating island was so big. In this case, they wanted to It will take a long time to change from retreating to counterattacking. This period of time will give the Blood Killing Sect enough time to react, and they can counterattack.

But if they attack and are discovered by the opponent early, then the opponent may directly confront them. To be honest, the opponent's fat cow magic weapons and those eight-legged cows are very impactful. It's powerful. If you add those floating islands, the impact will be even more terrifying. They may not be able to stop it.

In fact, those Yashas have already made a mistake today. They should not have stopped their floating island at the very beginning. Once their floating island stops, it will take some time to start. Moreover, the starting distance is also very long. It is impossible for the floating island to reach the fastest speed within a short distance. If they cannot reach the fastest speed, their attack power will become much weaker. This is very difficult for the Yasha clan. Very disadvantageous.

If the Yaksha clan attacked with all their strength from the very beginning, they might really catch the undead army by surprise and directly overwhelm the undead army. The Yaksha clan definitely has such strength, their fat bull The impact of the eight-legged cow has already made the Blood Killing Sect in a hurry, let alone adding a floating island.

Chang Jun frowned and said: "Now it seems that we can only strengthen the strength of the Five Elements Killing Formation, and at the same time be prepared to release some energy behemoths first, so that these energy behemoths can stay in our base. In the base, when the energy behemoth arrives outside the base, it will be affected by the power of the other party's law, and it is consumed every moment. In the base, the energy behemoth will exist for a long time, so even if the enemy comes to attack, We can also make some preparations.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. Although Chang Jun's idea was a bit passive, it was absolutely feasible. So when he heard what he said, Wen Wenhai naturally completely agreed. He immediately said: "Okay. That's it. Complete the magic circle in the base as soon as possible, strengthen the strength of the Five Elements Killing Array, and release the energy beasts at the same time. We must keep ten energy beasts in the base at all times. At the same time, Alien Yaksha must always monitor the enemy's movements, and report immediately if the enemy makes any unusual movements."

Everyone responded and immediately started to go down to prepare. It was at this time that Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief. Although the formation in their base was changed to a three-story formation, he really There is no confidence that he can block the impact of the opponent's floating island. The key is that the floating island is really too big. If he really makes an impact with all his strength, it will be very troublesome. In addition to Xuanwu Island, it is really Nothing can block the opponent, not even the energy behemoth. After all, the energy behemoths were all washed away when they collided with the opponent's Fat Ox Magical Artifact. I hope they can block the floating island. Some are not very realistic.

Now they just hope that quantity can make up for the lack of quality, otherwise, it will be really dangerous. When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change, and then he immediately said: "No, we have to transfer Xuanwu Island to take charge, otherwise, if the other party really breaks through the base's mountain protection formation, it will be terrible. It’s really troublesome.”

Wen Wenhai knew very well that if the opponent really broke through their mountain-protecting formation, the casualties would be trivial, and it would be a huge blow to the confidence of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, and would even make people doubt his ability. , so he must ensure that nothing goes wrong, otherwise it will be troublesome if something unexpected happens.