c7175 Confrontation

After the three giant bulls appeared, they did not immediately rush over like the Yaksha army. Instead, they kept stomping above the Blood Killing Sect's army. They seemed to be very irritable. This kind of action like a real bull, It is really hard to imagine whether they will be energy creatures or energy creatures without any intelligence.

The Yaksha Clan's army also slowly moved to a place about ten miles away from the Blood Slaughter Sect's army, and then stopped directly. They did not attack immediately. On the contrary, the three floating islands were moved from the Yaksha Clan's army. He was slowly dragged out, not very fast.

When the three islands were dragged out, several fat cows flew out from the islands. The size of these fat cows was very huge. Their length reached about a hundred meters and their height exceeded fifty. Mi, very fat, and now there are several people standing on the head of a fat cow. The leader is wearing a black armor. His head looks like a bull's head, and he is very tall. Holding a long-handled giant ax in his hand, he was looking at the army of the Blood Killing Sect.

Gu Yuanzheng also saw the other party, and he also patted the giant undead beast he was sitting on. The giant undead beast slowly moved forward, and the distance between the two sides slowly approached, and stopped about four miles apart. , then the bull-headed Yaksha glanced at Gu Yuanzheng, then at Gu Yuanzheng’s undead army, and finally looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Who are you, and why did you come to our Yaksha world?"

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at him, then at Commander Lingkong standing next to him, and then laughed loudly and said: "Why do you ask knowingly? Don't you know who we are? This Lingkong next to you Commander, didn't I tell you? Okay, I'm going to tell you today, we are from the Blood Killing Sect, and we came to the Yaksha Realm today just to conquer the Yaksha Realm, do you hear me clearly?"

Hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, the tauren couldn't help but snorted coldly, and sprayed out two streams of air from his thick nostrils. Then he stared at Gu Yuanzheng with his two bull eyes and said: "It's up to you to think so." To conquer our Yaksha world is simply a dream. I remember that when I fought with you, you were all human beings, but now you have turned into a pile of bones. It is really unlucky. If you were still a group of people, I could regard you as The blood food of our Yasha clan can’t be used as anything now, it’s really boring.”

Before Gu Yuanzheng could answer, he heard Commander Lingkong next to him say: "Sir, although they cannot be regarded as blood food, if you look at the weapons in their hands and the armor on their bodies, they are all It's made of metal. They used metal to deceive me in the first place, and then they broke into my Lingkong Island in one fell swoop. That's why I failed. If they hadn't used this trick, I wouldn't have been defeated by them."

When the tauren heard what Marshal Lingkong said, he took a look at the disciples of the Necromancer clan, and then his eyes lit up. Then he looked up to the sky and laughed: "Hahahaha, okay, it's really good, no When I think about it, you skeletons are actually holding metal weapons. God helps me. I hope this king will make a fortune. You old man, if you ask all your men to hand over their weapons to me, At the same time, if you become my subordinates, I will spare your life, otherwise, when I attack you, I will turn you into a fan."

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the tauren and laughed loudly: "Hahaha, from the day our undead clan formed an army, we have always been the only ones to kill others. When did anyone dare to persuade us to surrender? By the way, I Forget, you guys don’t actually know your true identities, but it doesn’t matter. You met us today. Even if you want to die, I won’t be polite to you. Don’t call me bullying. You guys, go back and reorganize your army, we are going to have a fair fight with you, let you guys know that our undead clan and the strength of our Blood Killing Sect, go away."

"You are so brave. You are the first one who dares to talk to this king like this. No one has ever dared to talk to me like this in the world of Yaksha, King Xiaotian. You are looking for death." Upon hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, The tauren couldn't help being furious, looked at Gu Yuanzheng with blood-red eyes, and started to drink.

"Didn't someone talk to you like this today? Come and deal with me if you have the ability. Why are you talking so much wasteful words? Come on, I'll wait for you." After saying that, Gu Yuanzheng no longer left the other party and patted the dead soul. The head of the giant beast, the undead beast turned its head and flew straight towards the undead army, without even paying attention to the other party.

"How brave, let me die." When the tauren saw that Gu Yuanzheng dared to despise him like this, his eyes were blood red and his body was full of murderous aura. He was about to rush over and fight Gu Yuanzheng desperately. But at this moment, the big volleying giant Shuai grabbed the tauren with one hand, and then said: "My lord, my lord, no, these guys are all insidious and cunning people. He will do this to anger you and lead you to be fooled. If Sir, if you really fall into their trap, then we are doomed. Sir, please calm down."

When the tauren heard what Commander Lingkong said, he couldn't help but stop, and then he snorted angrily, then glanced at Gu Yuanzheng, and then said in a deep voice: "Go back, prepare to attack, and must kill these guys. Only then can I dispel the hatred in my heart." Marshal Lingkong and the others immediately responded, and then commanded the fat cow to slowly retreat back to the floating island.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng saw that the other party did not catch up, and looked at the other party's movements, he couldn't help but smile and said in a deep voice: "Sure enough, he is a cunning guy, but he wants to pretend to be reckless. He is not a simple guy either. Characters, this Yaksha tribe is getting more and more interesting." After saying that, he had already retreated to the army of the undead tribe and ordered to prepare to start fighting.

Sitting in the space, Laura naturally heard the words of Gu Yuanzheng and the others, and even heard the last words of Gu Yuanzheng talking to himself. After listening to Gu Yuanzheng’s words, Laura couldn’t help but smile and turned to Mei Mei next to her. Gen and the others said: "I really didn't expect that now Gu Yuanzheng and the others have learned to talk like this, and they have also learned to trick others. Hahahaha, it's really interesting. Why do I feel that their current acting style is becoming more and more like Brother Hai?" Woolen cloth?"

Meg and the others also laughed. They also felt that some of the senior executives in Blood Kill were acting more and more like Zhao Hai. This was really interesting. Meg smiled and said: "I think Maybe it’s because they followed Brother Hai for too long that they became like this.”

Laura nodded and said with a smile: "Yes, after spending time with Brother Hai for a long time, these guys must be very envious after seeing the various methods of Brother Hai, so they all imitate Brother Hai's way of doing things. After a long time, it became like this, hahaha, it is very interesting, forget it, ignore him, the other party is about to attack."

At this time, the Yaksha clan on the projection was already ready to attack. It was seen that the formation of the Yaksha clan had not been adjusted much, but they gathered all the fat cows and placed them in the team. At the front, it seemed that they were preparing to charge collectively, but their floating island did not rush over directly as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect thought. On the contrary, they retreated to the main body of the Yasha clan. In the formation.

When she saw the other party's formation, Laura couldn't help but smile slightly, nodded and said: "The other party is really a man who knows his troops, and this arrangement is really good. Put those fat cows in the best position." In front, for the purpose of charging, they want to use the impact of those fat bulls to break up our formation. As long as their fat bulls can break up our formation, then their army will kill them afterwards. Come, divide and surround our entire formation. Even if our Rubik's Cube formation is very sophisticated, we may not be able to escape defeat. However, one thing is very strange. We also raise their fat cows. Yeah, those fat cows can’t fly, so why can their fat cows fly? Is it a different breed than the fat cows we got?”

Megan and the others were also a little puzzled, but Megan was not talking about the other party’s fat cow breed, but said: “Those fat cows are very powerful. We all know this. If we really let If the opponent attacks, it will cause great damage to our formation. How about letting people's energy monsters attack? I'm afraid that the undead monster won't be able to block the opponent's impact."

Laura and the others did not answer her. Instead, they all looked at each other's formation, analyzing the opponent's formation and how they would attack next. After watching for a while, Laura shook her head and said: "No, we can't move the energy beast now. I don't know if you have noticed that although their floating island has retreated, there are not many Yaksha troops in front of their floating island. What does this mean? This means that the opponent's floating island has retreated. Island, you can rush forward at any time and directly attack our formation. Although our Rubik's Cube formation is very flexible, the distance between us is not very far, and the area of ​​their floating island is too large. If it really lets It would be dangerous if their floating islands attack our formation."

Hearing what he said, several people couldn't help but nodded, but the matter was still not resolved. The power of the fat bulls on the other side was not small. If those fat bulls were really allowed to charge, things would really be very troublesome. , this problem must be solved.

Laura said in a deep voice: "Megan, write to Gu Yuanzheng and ask him to command those tens of millions of magic arrays, and also release energy beasts. Use those energy beasts to deal with the opponent's fat cows, and let the undead beasts With assistance from the side, I believe that in this way, we will be able to block the opponent's fat bull."

When Megan heard what Laura said, she also felt that Laura's method was feasible. She nodded immediately, and then she immediately took out her communication circle and directly sent a letter to Gu Yuanzheng. After receiving Megan's order, he glanced at the opponent's formation and nodded. He originally wanted to let the undead beast directly go up and fight against the opponent's fat cow, but in that case , may bring them a lot of losses, but now that Laura has this idea, it can save them a lot of losses, so he naturally has no reason to disagree.