c7174 The enemy appears

Gu Yuanzheng sat on the head of a giant undead beast, looking forward with his eyes neither sad nor happy. Their undead clan was the vanguard of the attack. He had known this for a long time, so he was not surprised. Now he has to force himself to calm down. Although when they are fighting, the command is given to Laura and the others, but he still has to do a lot of things. Laura and the others are in space and have not come to the front line, so If there is an emergency on the front line, he still has to tell Laura and the others, so he has to be careful. .

This time their attack target is still a thousand miles away. Although they are ready, they are actually very careful. Although there is a certain amount of light here in the Yaksha Realm, it is not very bright. Such light , in fact, it also affects the vision very much, not to mention that they are now under the suppression of the law of the Shadow Clan, and their mental power has been greatly affected. If they are not careful, they may be attacked by the Yaksha Clan.

Although they had released scouts, and the scouts were still alien yakshas, ​​he was still very careful. After all, there were too many of them, and the enemy also had such a big killer as the floating island. If the enemy really didn't care Regardless, they just sent the floating island to crash into them, which would have a huge impact on them.

Just when Gu Yuanzheng was thinking about these things, his communication array suddenly lit up. He immediately took out the communication array. As soon as he opened the communication array, a projection appeared in front of him. As soon as he saw this projection, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression changed. Then he immediately shouted loudly: "Everyone, stop advancing and form a formation on the spot. Quick."

When Gu Yuanzheng said this, everyone was stunned, and then they immediately realized that the scout team must have discovered something, otherwise Gu Yuanzheng would not have such a reaction, so everyone immediately stopped and began to The ground formation formed several large Rubik's Cube formations, echoing each other.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng had already sent Laura the situation seen in the projection circle directly, hoping that Laura could see this situation as soon as possible, because the situation that appeared in the projection circle, He was really shocked. He saw three floating islands, many large monsters, and a large black area with an unknown number of flying Yaksha troops.

Laura also saw the projection at this time. The three floating islands were supported by countless eight-legged cows. Many flying yakshas could also be seen on the islands. Next to the three islands, there were countless large monsters. These large monsters were the fat cows they had seen before, but these fat cows were flying in the sky. They didn't know why those fat cows were flying in the air.

Beside those fat cows, there were countless flying yakshas. Some of these flying yakshas swept straight into the sky, and some were cavalry yakshas. They lined up in neat formations and were slowly moving. Moving forward, their formation is also a three-dimensional formation, but it is not as orderly as the Rubik's Cube formation, and looks a bit scattered.

But Laura is an expert. As soon as she saw the formation formed by the opponent, she knew that the opponent's formation was formed after being baptized by the battle formation. Although the opponent's formation looked a bit scattered, this three-dimensional In the formation, the distance between the Yakshas is about the same, not too far, not too close. This will allow them to change formations more flexibly. If large-scale long-range weapons are used to attack them, this will This formation will minimize casualties.

The most important thing is that the opponent's formation looks scattered, but it is very layered. This makes Laura and the others very clear that the opponent's scattered formation is definitely not simple. When they actually attack, it will look like Like a wave, one wave after another will never stop.

Laura immediately gave the command. All the disciples of the Necromancer clan came out of the bodies of the Necromancer behemoths, and then asked some of them to form a large formation of hundreds of millions of disciples to come out at any time. Prepare to summon energy beasts to join the battle, and other disciples of the Necromancer clan are also preparing for close combat. All the Necromancer beasts have also begun to gather, preparing to act in unison.

At the same time, the Blood Killing Sect army following behind is also ready to provide support at any time. The most important thing is that countless aliens have also been mobilized. They will also act with the Necromancer clan, although they are still They cannot become alien yakshas, ​​but their fighting power cannot be underestimated.

The reason why the reconnaissance report collected by Gu Yuan this time is a projection is not because someone is talking to them, but because those alien yakshas are not actually real people. They are not smart enough and cannot speak, but their They have a projection array with them, so if they see an enemy, they will open the projection array and transmit everything they see to Gu Yuanzheng through the projection array.

The undead clan is the most disciplined clan. When they fight, they rarely even make a sound. Everyone stands there with a calm look on their face. They all turned into skeletons and wore full armor. And their armor is also very special. Other people's armor is like a shell that is put on the body for defense, but the armor of the undead is different. After they turn into skeletons, The armor directly covered their bones, making them look like metal skeletons. There were two holes for their two eyes, where the armor was just one piece. From the thin steel wire, you can see the green soul fire in their eyes. This shape is scary enough just to look at it, let alone fighting.

Such skeleton soldiers stood there as if they had crawled out of the Nine Nether Prison. If they were facing an army of monks, those people would be frightened. Unfortunately, with them What they faced was not an army composed of monks, but an army composed of the Yaksha clan. These Yaksha clan were not the real Yaksha clan, but the Yaksha clan created by the Shadow Clan, so they did not know what fear was at all.

Gu Yuanzheng looked into the distance and first saw a patch of black spots. Those black spots were very fast and rushed straight towards their army. However, all the undead tribe's army did not move, because the black spots came from those people. , there was a trace of energy fluctuation. Those people were not Yaksha, but alien Yaksha scouts. They went to the front to conduct reconnaissance, and now they are back.

Those alien yaksha did not charge directly into the army's battle formation. They were disciplined. Once the army's battle formation was formed, they must not attack. If they dared to attack the army's battle formation, they would be killed by the army. It fell, so the scouts all spun around in circles, flying past the two sides of the army's battle formation, and flew away in the blink of an eye.

You must know that the army dispatched by the undead clan this time is very large, with hundreds of millions of people. There are three magic square formations with hundreds of millions of people, plus the previous magic cube formations with tens of millions of people. , there are about 500 million troops, and although these troops are three-dimensional, they cover an area of ​​nearly ten thousand miles. After all, there must be a certain distance between battle formations and they cannot be too far apart. Close, so it would take a long time for those alien Yaksha scouts to go around the flanks of the army and then retreat to the back of the army.

The people of the Necromancer clan did not pay attention to the alien Yaksha scouts. They all knew that the alien Yaksha scouts were back, which meant that the opponent's army would not be too far away and the war would start soon, so they all Be prepared and stare straight ahead.

Slowly, under the gray sky, a black tide rushed towards them, getting closer and closer. They could also see three large black spots in the black tide. , the finished glyph is slowly coming towards them. The black spots are floating islands, but now these three floating islands are like three boats in the tide. In the black tide, they are Not very conspicuous.

Laura sat in the space and looked at the projection. When she saw the black tide, Laura immediately made an estimate and finally said: "The number is about 400 million. If we add the three floating islands, The number of people inside is probably close to 500 million, which is about the same as the number of people in our undead clan. Meghan, give the order and let the 100-million-person Rubik's Cube Formation summon the energy beast. If the other party doesn't care, just use it. If the floating island collides with us, we can only rely on the giant energy beast to block it. If we don't prepare now, I'm afraid it will be too late."

Megan responded, and immediately ordered the three million-person magic array to start summoning the energy beast. In fact, this cannot be described as summoning, it should be called release, just like the magic array releases energy, but the people of the Blood Killing Sect still like it. The word summon is used because the energy beast they summoned for the first time using the 100-million-person Rubik's Cube Formation was a spiritual dragon. That dragon has now been combined with Xuanwu Island, so they have been using the word summon. The word summon is, firstly, to express respect for the dragon, and secondly, to see if they can summon a giant energy beast with intelligence. However, it is a pity that so far, there is only that. A giant dragon has intelligence, but other summoned energy beasts have no intelligence.

Following Megan's order, the three magic arrays all lit up, and then three energy behemoths appeared directly above the array. These three energy behemoths were all very huge, with a length of five It is about a thousand miles, and its height is about two thousand miles. Such a large body is really surprising.

The most surprising thing is that the energy beasts they summoned this time are not dragon-shaped, but cow-shaped. They are three huge energy cows. This is the most surprising thing. But this was what Laura and the others did on purpose. She deliberately ordered those magic arrays to summon the bull-shaped energy beast.

Although bull-shaped energy behemoths may not be as strong as dragon-shaped ones in terms of fighting style, the impact of bull-shaped energy behemoths is very strong, and these energy behemoths are mainly used to defend against the opponent's floating islands. Yes, what worries the Blood Killing Sect the most about the opponent's floating island is actually its impact. As long as their impact is blocked, there is nothing to worry about. Use a bull-shaped energy beast to hedge against the floating island. It's the best way to block the opponent's impact.