c7177 retreat

Those flying yakshas who emerged from the bubbles spit out by the fat cow were already fighting with the disciples of the undead clan. Those flying yakshas were obviously experienced in many battles. They were still in that three-dimensional battle formation. , although the formation looks scattered, they are very powerful. Their attacks are like waves, one after another, charging non-stop, and the cooperation between them is very good.

The disciples of the Necromancer clan are also very powerful. As soon as they saw the Yaksha clan rushing over, at such a close distance, there was no time to release the spinning sword. They directly took their weapons and fought with the flying Yaksha. Together, one side of the two sides is like a stormy sea crashing on the shore, while the other side is as stable as a rock.

King Xiaotian and Marshal Lingkong, who were standing on the floating island, also looked at the battle ahead. When they saw the attack of the flying yaksha, and when they saw the energy beasts hovering over the undead army, their His face was not very pretty, so King Xiaotian snorted and said, "Sure enough, I didn't expect that they could actually block our mad bull charge. It seems that these guys really can't underestimate that."

Marshal Lingkong nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "They also have a kind of deformable metal people. Those people are really all made of metal. That's how I was fooled. Those things, at the beginning, It looks like a metal ball with no gaps at all, but when necessary, it can be turned into a magic circle, and it can also be turned into a person. In addition to those metal people looking to be made of metal, the rest are the same. There seems to be no difference between real people, and their fighting power is also very strong."

King Xiaotian nodded, and then asked: "Do they have any masters?" This is what King Xiaotian is most worried about. If the opponent has a large number of masters, it will be even more troublesome, so King Xiaotian only If the other party has a large number of masters, it will be very troublesome.

Commander Lingkong said solemnly: "Yes, but I don't know the number. Last time, there was a master who fought with me. The master had shining stars above his head and would summon energy beasts from time to time to fight me. The two of us had a draw. , but they were in large numbers at the time and took advantage of a surprise attack. I couldn’t stop them, so I had to retreat.”

King Xiaotian looked at the army of the undead clan and said solemnly: "Looking at the number of the opponent's army, there are definitely a lot of masters. We must be careful." As soon as he finished speaking, he saw the undead people. Behind the clan's army, there were countless black spots shooting towards them.

Those black spots came very quickly. Almost as soon as they saw it, they were already in front of them. King Xiaotian's expression changed and he immediately said loudly: "Attention, enemy attack." Following his voice, The mountain-protecting formations on the three floating islands were immediately set up.

At this time, those black dots also shot on the mountain guard formation of the Floating Island, and then bursts of explosions were made. The sound of the explosion was so loud that it shook the entire Floating Island gently. , and their mountain-protecting formation was shaking even more violently, and it looked like it was about to explode at any time.

Upon seeing this situation, King Xiaotian's expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately shouted: "Strengthen the mountain-protecting formation, quickly." The others immediately responded, and then directly strengthened the mountain-protecting formation, and this There were still black spots constantly attacking the mountain-protecting formation, and their mountain-protecting formation was also shaking constantly. It was clear at a glance that this mountain-protecting formation could not last long.

King Xiaotian's face was extremely ugly. He turned to Commander Lingkong and said, "What is this? Why didn't you mention it before?" King Xiaotian really never heard Commander Lingkong mention this thing. The sudden appearance of the thing surprised him. He did not expect that the enemy had such a powerful weapon.

Marshal Lingkong's expression was also very ugly, but he still raised his fists at King Xiaoxiaotian and said: "Sir, I have never seen this thing before. Please believe me, I really don't know that the enemy still has this thing. existence." Commander Lingkong was not lying, he had never seen Man Tianhuo before.

When King Xiaotian heard what he said, he couldn't help but snorted coldly, and didn't say anything. He believed that Commander Lingkong didn't dare to lie to him, which meant that the other party had no way of fighting against Commander Lingkong. Taking out these things will make things even more difficult. Although they also have long-range attack weapons, they don't seem to be as powerful as the enemy's weapons, which will make them very passive.

In a previous attack by the Yasha clan, all the attacks were blocked by the opponent, and the least achieved the desired effect. King Xiaotian couldn't help but snorted coldly: "Send the order, let the troops on the front line retreat, we can't wait any longer." Well, if the enemy completely stabilizes their formation and launches a counterattack against us, the consequences will be really unimaginable. Let them retreat directly while they can retreat now."

Someone immediately responded, and then bursts of horn sounds came from the floating island. As the horn sounds sounded, the Yashas who were attacking on the front line immediately receded like the tide. The fat cows also retreated, but the eight-legged cows stayed behind at the end.

As soon as he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng immediately ordered: "Attack, quickly, attack." Following his order, the energy beasts in the sky immediately focused on the Yasha clan and rushed towards them. They would not let anyone They retreated so easily. Before, their armies were fighting together. It was inconvenient for these energy beasts to take action. Naturally, they would not be polite now.

But at this moment, countless magic weapons suddenly flew out from the Yaksha army. These magic weapons struck directly at the energy beasts. At the same time, the sharp horns on the heads of the eight-legged cows also flew out. Bursts of fire flashed, and then streaks of lightning struck directly at the energy beasts. This sudden attack blocked the progress of those energy beasts.

Taking advantage of the period of time when the energy beasts were blocked, the Yaksha and the fat cows had already retreated back into the Yaksha clan's army, and the eight-legged cows also slowly retreated, firing lightning as they retreated. This kind of attack method of these eight-legged cows was something they did not expect from the Ancient Expedition. These eight-legged cows did not show this kind of attack ability before. They did not expect that they still have such attack ability now. This is really What a surprise.

Seeing that the Yaksha clan had retreated into their army, and their army was slowly retreating amidst the sound of horns, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then ordered to stop the retreat and looked at The army of the Yasha clan slowly retreated. Even the Blood Killing Battle Fort behind them stopped the attack of Mantianhuo under Laura's order. Although Mantianhuo's attack power was not weak, it wanted to rely solely on its own strength. It is obviously unrealistic to destroy the opponent with Mantianhuo. Now that the enemy has retreated, there is no need for them to let Mantianhuo attack.

However, the Blood Killing Sect would not just stop. After the enemy retreated fifty miles, the Blood Killing Sect's army began to slowly advance forward, keeping a distance of fifty miles from the enemy. They did not immediately launch an attack on the enemy. The attack was just keeping a distance of fifty miles from the enemy and following behind.

King Xiaotian looked at the army of undead that had been following behind, and snorted coldly: "You are still following me, I really don't know how to live or die, but I really want to give it a try, are you doing what I thought before? Attack us, come here, give me the order to speed up the retreat." Everyone responded, and then the Yaksha clan's army immediately accelerated their retreat.

As they speeded up, the Blood Killing Sect also speeded up, but soon, the Blood Killing Sect's progress slowed down, and finally stopped completely. As soon as he saw the Blood Killing Sect's army stopped, King Xiaotian immediately said: "Sure enough, a thousand miles, their attack distance this time is another thousand miles. Although I don't know why they did this, but this One thing is certain, the enemy's attack range is a thousand miles."

The current King Xiaotian speaks clearly and clearly, and looks like he has pearls of wisdom in his hand. He is not as reckless as before. When he was talking to Gu Yuanzheng in front of the battle, they were clearly two people, and the people around him, But he didn't feel strange. It was conceivable that this was his true face.

Commander Lingkong said solemnly: "Sir, what should we do now? The enemy is very powerful and can even block our sudden attack. If they attack us, they will be even more ferocious. We must be careful. That's all." Commander Lingkong now has a new understanding of the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. He really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful. This was completely beyond his expectation. Unexpected.

King Xiaotian turned his head and glanced at Commander Lingkong, then at the undead army that had stopped, and then snorted coldly: "It's not that easy, I'm going to give them a more profound lesson. Come on, give the order, retreat a hundred miles, and the army will camp." Someone next to him immediately responded and went to give the order.

The Blood Killing Sect's army also began to set up camp. They first wanted to set up the Five Elements Killing Formation, occupy the territory first, and then attack. This has always been the Blood Killing Sect's strategy. Gu Yuanzheng and their Of course they would not fail to comply, so they all stopped and prepared to completely occupy the territory they had occupied.

Just after the army stopped, Wen Wenhai called Gu Yuanzheng and the others back to the sect's conference room. As soon as Gu Yuanzheng and the others arrived at the Blood Killing Sect's conference room and sat down, Wen Wenhai smiled at Gu Yuanzheng. Said: "Lao Gu, you are not funny enough. The front line is commanded by my wife. Why didn't you tell us? Do you want to see us make a fool of ourselves?"

Wen Wenhai was really lifeless. He knew the commanding energy of Laura and the others. They had also fought under the command of Laura and the others. He admired Laura's commanding ability very much. In his opinion, , with Laura and the others on the front line commanding the battle, there is nothing to worry about.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.