c7176 assault

Both sides began to make adjustments. One after another, energy beasts flew out from the Necromancer clan's magic cube battle formation. Although these energy beasts were not very big in size, their power was not small. Each one was just dying. The spirit army hovered overhead, waiting for the order to attack.

The Yasha clan has also completed adjustments at this time. They are going to use those fat cows as the main force of the attack and let those fat cows attack the Blood Killing Sect's formation. Now they are in the sky, which is different from the ground. There are some undulations on the ground, or there are mountains, rivers and other terrains that can cover up their actions. They are unobstructed in the sky and can't be seen at a glance. In this case, All their transfers are naturally transparent and there is nothing to see.

After the two sides completed the mobilization, the Yasha clan immediately heard the sound of low horns. Then the fat cows in front of the Yasha clan immediately started to move, and all the fat cows began to attack the Blood Killing Sect's formation. When charging, they were not very fast at first, but when they were only about five miles away, their speed reached its peak and they began to charge towards the Blood Killing Sect's formation with all their strength.

And Gu Yuanzheng gave the order, except for the three giant bull energy beasts, the other energy beasts all rushed towards the fat bulls. Behind them were the undead giant beasts, and they also rushed towards them. , but the undead beast that Gu Yuanzheng sat down did not move.

The distance between the two sides is getting closer and closer, and the charging speed of those fat cows is getting faster and faster. They lower their heads, two long horns forward, and rush forward regardless of it, while the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect, No one could escape, and they all rushed forward. The two sides collided directly about three miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's formation.

A loud bang was heard, and the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect collided directly with those fat cows. The energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect that collided head-on were knocked apart at once, and those giant beasts were just The speed slowed down slightly, but it still stopped and was still rushing forward.

Upon seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng's expression couldn't help but change. He said in a deep voice: "No, how can these fat cows be so powerful? We have tried the fat cows we raised. Although their strength is very strong, It’s strong, but it’s impossible to knock our energy beasts apart so easily. This power is too great, it’s wrong, it’s very wrong.”

Laura and the others also saw this, and their faces also changed. They misestimated the impact of those fat cows, which was very fatal to the Blood Killing Sect. Laura immediately said loudly: "Quickly , the three giant bulls rush forward to withstand the opponent's attack, and the undead giant beasts step aside, don't go head-on with those fat bulls, you will suffer a loss, let the tens of millions of magic cubes form, release the energy giant beasts, hurry up."

Following Laura's order, the people of the Necromancer clan immediately started to move. They directly sent the three giant bulls out, and then the energy beasts one by one also emerged from the Blood Killing Sect's battle formation. Flying out, they rushed straight towards the fat cows, but the undead behemoths of the undead clan sank down at the same time, directly passing the charging path of those fat cows. This was not because they were brave. Small, but they are very aware of their own strength. Their strength is incomparable to that of the fat cows. Now those fat cows have completely charged. In this case, when they are hedging against those fat cows, That's asking for death. They won't do such a thing.

The three energy giant bulls rushed over directly. Finally, they collided with those fat bulls one mile before they rushed to kill the army. With a loud banging sound, the three energy giant bulls rushed over. The giant bull was actually knocked apart and dissipated in the air. However, the fat bulls were also blocked. They had stopped and were even shaken back by the force of the earthquake. They retreated a full distance. About miles.

At this time, the giant undead beasts also rushed forward and bit the fat cows. At the same time, countless energy beasts appeared in front of the undead army, forming a line of defense in front of them. At this time, another rumbling sound came. Gu Yuanzheng and the others looked in the direction of the sound, and their expressions changed. They saw countless eight-legged cows rushing over from behind those fat cows. , they did not pull the floating island, although these eight-legged cows were not the eight-legged cows that followed the floating island, and they did not know where they came from, but now they rushed straight over.

The power of these eight-legged cows is also very huge. If they rush over like this now, they will do a lot of damage to the undead giant beasts, and they will also do a lot of damage to the energy giants standing in front of them, and the Blood Killing Sect I didn't expect that they would have such a skill, and they were somewhat unprepared.

That day, the eight-legged cows rushed past those fat cows, and at the same time knocked those undead monsters off those fat cows. The power of those eight-legged cows was still very great, otherwise the Yaksha clan would also He will not be used to pull the floating island. Fortunately, those giant undead beasts were protected by armor. Although they were knocked away, they did not suffer serious injuries.

But those eight-legged cows rushed directly towards the energy beasts blocking the way of the undead clan. After hearing a loud noise, all the eight-legged cows that rushed forward flew out directly, and those All the energy beasts also disappeared. Just when the undead clan wanted to release the energy beasts and block them in front of them to form a defense, the fat cows started to move at once.

Those fat cows are only about two miles away from the undead clan, and their bodies are very huge. It is impossible for them to charge at such a short distance, so Laura and the others are not worried about those fat cows at all. Even Laura was ready to order the people of the undead clan to use magic squares to trap the fat cow and then capture it, because they really wanted to see why the fat cow was in the sky. mid-flight.

But at this moment, the fat cows all started to move. The giant cows opened their mouths, and then spit out a huge bubble-like thing. The bubble-like thing exploded in the air. , and then countless Yaksha clan appeared in the bubble. As soon as those Yaksha clan appeared in the bubble, they immediately flapped their wings and rushed towards the undead clan's army.

When they saw this situation, Laura and the others couldn't help being stunned. They really didn't expect that there would be people from the Yasha clan inside those giant bulls. This was completely beyond their expectation, but fortunately they The formation was not broken up by those fat cows and eight-legged cows, otherwise it would be really troublesome. Now the Yaksha clan is attacking the undead clan's formation, but they have not taken any advantage at all.

Except for being stunned at the beginning, Laura was no longer worried when she saw those Yashas rushing over. She immediately ordered: "To meet the enemy, let the hundreds of millions of people behind form a large formation, and then release the giant energy beasts, and more Release a few, don't forget, the enemy's floating island has not moved yet, and the large formations that have not been attacked must also release energy beasts to be prepared for the charge of the enemy's bulls at any time."

Gu Yuanzheng responded and immediately issued the order. A moment later, among the magic array of hundreds of millions of people behind, energy beasts flew out one after another, hovering over the undead army, ready to fly at any time. Preparing to attack, the tens of thousands of dead souls who were not attacked also began to release energy beasts in the Rubik's Cube Formation, ready to deal with the Yaksha Clan's attack at any time. To be honest, the three axes of the Yaksha Clan before scared Laura and the others. With one jump, their formation was almost knocked away.

At this time, Laura took out the communication circle, directly connected to Baiyan, and then said: "Baiyan, command the Blood Killing Battle Castle, and release energy beasts and sky-wide fire behind the army of the undead. The target of the energy beast is the eight-legged cows and fat cows, and the target of the energy fire is the army of the Yasha clan, and it is best to aim at their floating island."

When Bai Yan received Laura's order, he was slightly stunned, and then he responded, but after he ended his communication with Laura, he immediately wrote to Wen Wenhai, who was also looking at the front line situation, so when he saw that it was Bai Yan who wrote to him, he couldn't help but be startled. Now Bai Yan is the commander of the Blood Killing Castle. What does his letter mean at this time? However, he got through immediately. As soon as Wen Wenhai was connected, before Wen Wenhai could speak, he heard Bai Yan say: "Elder Wen, Madam just gave me an order, let us join the battle in the bloody battle fort and release energy. The beasts and the sky are full of fire, attacking the Yasha clan, is this order effective?"

Now after the Blood Killing Sect has made adjustments, when fighting, the command is usually given personally. If the command does not give the order, the frontline command can come directly. Laura and the others are Zhao Hai's wives, but They ordered, but Bai Yan was a little unprepared and didn't know whether he should listen or not.

Upon hearing what Bai Yan said, Wen Wenhai immediately said: "It works, of course it works. Bai Yan, you remember, there is another rule in our Blood Killing Sect, that is, when fighting, the wives' Orders are equivalent to orders from the sect master, do you want to listen to them?"

When Bai Yan heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but look stern, and he immediately said: "Yes, Elder Wen, I understand, I will execute it immediately." After saying that, he immediately issued the order to attack, and then those who followed the undead clan The Blood Killing Battle Fort behind them opened fire directly, and energy beasts were launched from the Blood Killing Battle Fort, hovering over the undead clan's army, ready to attack the Yasha clan's fat bulls and eight-legged beasts at any time. Niu attacked, and their sky-wide fire was launched directly. Now the Blood Killing Sect's sky-wide fire has been improved. Some have long attack ranges, and some have short attack distances. Now they use the attack distance. The attack distance of the close Mantianhuo is generally between five and five hundred miles, while the attack range of the long-range Mantianhuo is between five hundred and three thousand miles. Now Yasha The clan's army was only about ten miles away from the Blood Killing Clan's army. Naturally, it was impossible to attack Mantianhuo from a long distance. A close range attack was just right.