c7170 Bloodline fusion

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all overjoyed and hugged Zhao Hai into the room. After sitting down in the room, Zhao Hai first glanced at the screen and said in a deep voice: "What is the result of this expansion?" Zhao Hai said Hai knew that he had spent a lot of time improving his skills this time. He believed that the expansion this time had come to fruition, so he asked Laura and the others like this.

Laura smiled and said: "Don't worry, this expansion did not encounter the Yaksha clan's army, and it went very smoothly. However, the Yaksha clan's small attacks never stopped, on the ground, underground, in the sky, They attacked together, so it took seven days to expand a thousand miles, but it doesn't matter. I believe that after this attack, the Yaksha clan should be anxious, because this expansion will make the people of the Yaksha clan understand, We’re not satisfied with just a piece of land, we want more.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, don't be in a hurry, just wait slowly. Now let's talk about this training method. I found that this training method is good for The strength of the body is very demanding, so what I mean is to first conduct a bloodline fusion to fuse the bloodline of those powerful monster beasts with our bloodline, and then improve this technique. Otherwise, it will have a certain impact on the body.”

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all nodded. They were not opposed to this method. In fact, this method is not a big deal in the world of cultivation. There are many kinds of body cultivation, just this method. After practicing, even the Blood Killing Sect has this kind of training method, and Zhao Hai has integrated the advantages of multiple bloodlines, so Laura and the others do not object.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "But it is not easy to find out the bloodline that is most suitable for you. This matter actually depends on your feeling. Let's do this. I will take out some bloodlines of monster beasts, and then You can feel for yourselves which one suits you best, we are conducting bloodline fusion."

Laura and the others nodded. They all knew that there are two situations for bloodline fusion. One is not to fuse a large number of bloodlines. This method is very difficult, and there are more monster bloodlines to be fused, which will make people feel uncomfortable. Becoming half-human and half-demon, that is to say, there will be some demonization on the human body. For example, if the blood of the demon is fused, the eyes will become vertical pupils, or the body will grow scales. This is the case for ordinary monks. It won't be used.

Another situation is to fuse a small amount of demon blood to increase the strength of one's body. In this case, because human blood accounts for the majority and the amount of demon blood is very small, it will be digested and absorbed early. The human body is strengthened without being demonized. This is also a relatively common method in the world of cultivation.

Of course, it is impossible for Zhao Hai to let Laura and the others carry out a large number of blood fusions. If Laura and the others were to become inhuman or demonic, then Zhao Hai would not agree, so Laura and the others had nothing to do. It's a psychological burden. If you want to fuse your bloodline, just fuse it. It's nothing special.

When Zhao Hai saw that Laura and the others didn't object, he immediately took out a lot of monster blood and put it in the room. This time he took out a lot of monster blood, all in small bottles. Inside, only a little bit of energy was exposed in the small bottle, just waiting for Laura and the others to make a choice.

The selection method is also very special. Zhao Hai will put all the small bottles on a shelf, then ask Laura and the others to close their eyes, sense the blood vessels with their hearts, and find out the one that attracts her most from among the blood vessels. , under normal circumstances, this bloodline should be the most suitable for her.

That is, Zhao Hai can produce so much blood at once. If it were anyone else, it would be impossible for him to produce so much blood, because there are too many monsters in Zhao Hai's space. What kind of monsters are there? With all the bloodlines, there are naturally more choices.

Laura was the first to choose bloodline, and Laura soon made her choice. When Zhao Hai saw the small bottle Laura chose, he was a little surprised, because the small bottle Laura chose turned out to be Dapeng. Bloodline, this kind of Dapeng is not some monster that Zhao Hai caught in the space from the outside, but a kind of monster that he cultivated in the space. This kind of monster is Zhao Hai integrating the bloodline of Kunpeng into a kind of monster. Among the eagles, this kind of eagle then mutated and became this kind of roc. The blood extracted from this kind of roc made this kind of roc extremely fast and very powerful. It is even more powerful. It is a very powerful monster. Even in space, it is an extremely powerful monster. Zhao Hai really did not expect that Laura would choose this kind of monster. Bloodline, this surprised him greatly.

But Laura has chosen it, which means that this bloodline is the most suitable for him. Naturally, he will not object, and he is even very happy, because this means that Laura will be very powerful, even if it is only a small amount. Integrating Dapeng's bloodline, her future development will be limitless.

In terms of blood fusion, it is not that the higher-level monsters are better, the blood of high-level monsters contains higher energy. If it is not suitable for the human body, then the blood of this monster will be Blood will have a backlash effect. The higher the level of monster blood, the more powerful the backlash will be, so one must be careful in this regard.

However, the blood of these monster beasts that Zhao Hai took out are not low in grade. It can be said that they are all high-end goods, and monks also feel that way. As long as they feel that the blood of monster beasts is the most suitable, there will be no problem. The question must be the most appropriate one.

Then several other people also chose the bloodline that was most suitable for them. Among them, Julie and Cai'er did not choose the bloodline for fusion, because strictly speaking, they are also considered to be monsters, so their physical strength is very high. It is so powerful that there is no need to fuse other bloodlines.

The fusion of bloodline went very smoothly. Soon everyone had finished merging the bloodline, and then they had to take the last step, which was to use the Void Condensation Array Technique to get out the energy array. This step had to be done by themselves. Only the magic circle condensed by oneself will contain their mental power, which will be easier to control, and it will be easier to integrate with their bodies when the time comes.

This step also took a long time. It took Laura and the others several days to complete this step. Then they began to integrate the energy array with the body. This step was very smooth and very fast. Soon Once done, the next step is to connect the soul to the array. This step is not difficult. The last step is to adjust the array. This step also takes a long time. Laura and the others spent nearly ten days. , this step is completed, and after completing this step, this training method is truly completed.

After the technique was completed, Zhao Hai asked Laura and the others to try it out. Laura and the others felt very good. With this technique, their strength improved very quickly, and the most satisfying thing was that this kind of The method can be used for all techniques, which is very important, because this means that everyone in the entire Blood Killing Sect can use this set of techniques, which is very important for improving the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. .

Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to promote this method immediately, but was persuaded by Laura and the others. This method is very beneficial to improving the strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. It can be said to be a qualitative change, but It is precisely because of this that he cannot promote it throughout the Blood Killing Sect. It is not that they are reluctant, but that they cannot do so.

After the last overall adjustment of the Blood Killing Sect, the levels of all disciples were re-divided. After the levels of all disciples are divided, their treatment will also have some changes. This change is not only reflected in materials. , Kung Fu is also a very important criterion.

Just like the spinning sword wings they had developed before, although they were promoted throughout the Blood Killing Sect, this kind of promotion also depends on the person. For example, some ordinary formal disciples, they actually don’t have Only disciples who are qualified to learn this method and have reached a certain level are qualified to learn the method of making revolving sword wings.

The thing is the same this time. This time, the method of improving the exercises must be learned by those who have reached a certain level of status. As far as the current situation is concerned, only core disciples or those who have been specially trained can learn it. Only disciples and elders at or above the branch level can learn. Others are not qualified to learn.

The main reason why they do this is to form an effective competition mechanism in the Blood Killing Sect. Only in this way can the Blood Killing Sect truly develop well without cultivating some people who are just waiting to die. The lazy people come out, this is the foundation for the development of a sect.

Of course Zhao Hai would not object, and then he came out of the space directly. When he went outside, he saw that Wen Wenhai and the others were busy now. They had begun to prepare for the second expansion. It was nearly half the time since the last expansion. It’s been months, and it’s time to prepare for the second expansion. The reason why we are preparing for the second expansion now is because during this period, those Yashas have been harassing the Blood Killing Sect, and they have been attacking the Blood Killing Sect. To attack, this time the Blood Killing Sect also deployed a part of the poisonous fog area, but the Yasha clan also found a way to deal with the poisonous fog area, which was to attack it with a monster, a bull-shaped monster, and Those cow-shaped monsters also carry a kind of magic weapon. Those magic weapons can actually absorb the poisonous mist. Although those magic weapons were damaged a lot because they could not withstand the poisonous mist, they were still able to absorb the poisonous mist. The poisonous fog area was still destroyed. The most important thing is that the people of the Blood Killing Sect have discovered that those Yashas seem to be much more resistant to the poisonous fog. This makes the people of the Blood Killing Sect, They all also increased their vigilance.

The enemy was able to break through the poisonous fog zone, which was not unexpected by the Blood Killing Sect. Even in a head-on battle, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples were not afraid of those Yakshas. However, it was precisely because of the constant harassment of the Yaksha clan. Therefore, the second expansion of the Blood Killing Sect has been delayed until now and has not officially started.