c7171 Function of exercises

Zhao Hai called Wen Wenhai and the others to the sea of ​​​​the main hall. They had only heard Laura say that Zhao Hai was in seclusion. Now when they heard Zhao Hai calling them, they knew that Zhao Hai had come out of seclusion. Naturally, they arrived at the main hall immediately. Here, after everyone arrived in the main hall and sat down, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said with a smile: "I was in seclusion for a while before, and as soon as I came out of seclusion, I heard about what you did before. Not bad, although this makes us The speed of expansion is a bit slower, but we are not in a hurry anyway, we can do it slowly, and we should focus on being prudent."

Everyone nodded, and then Wen Wenhai said: "Boss, we are now preparing for the second expansion, but judging from the reaction of the Yasha clan, we are likely to encounter their army in this expansion. So we must be fully prepared this time, at least we must be prepared to encounter their kind of floating island."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "If necessary, we can directly launch Xuanwu Island into the sky to deal with those floating islands. Don't forget, our Xuanwu Island can also fly into the sky. Use Xuanwu Island should have no problem dealing with those floating islands."

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "We don't need it now, boss. Our idea is to have Elder Jiu Suan form a large energy beast array with hundreds of millions of disciples. The large energy beasts released will be very huge. They are also very little affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so it would be perfect for them to deal with those floating islands."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, you can figure it out yourself. Anyway, now that I have handed over the command to you, and with the presence of the staff, I believe you will not have any problems. I will come to you this time." Come on, I actually have another thing to tell you, which is related to my retreat this time. I have come up with a new practice method here that all of you can use. Take a look. "After speaking, Zhao Hai took out a jade slip and gave it to Wen Wenhai.

Zhao Hai has completely mastered the method of practicing this magic circle through the experiments of Laura and the others, and has also made it into a jade slip. The entire practice process is all written in it, and you must pay attention to it. , and everything was written clearly. The jade slip given to Wen Wenhai now is the exercise jade slip.

Wen Wenhai was really curious about what Zhao Hai had come up with this time. You must know that every time Zhao Hai came up with something, they were all good things, whether they were magic formations or exercises. Magical weapons are all good things, so Wen Wenhai really wants to know what Zhao Hai got out this time.

When he put his mental power into the jade slip and saw clearly the contents, he couldn't help but be surprised. He knew very well what this exercise meant, so he read it very carefully. , the speed was also very slow. After a while, after he completely understood the contents of the jade slip, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but look at Zhao Hai in shock and said: "Boss, is this method really feasible?"

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "Of course it is possible. Laura and I have all tried it, and they are practicing this way now. You can practice it with confidence, but as we have agreed, this kind of technique can only be Only core disciples, specially trained disciples, and elders above the branch level can practice, and others cannot yet practice."

Wen Wenhai responded excitedly, and he immediately said loudly: "Yes, boss, you are so powerful. You can do such a technique. With this set of techniques, our Blood Killing Sect will definitely be able to dominate." All over the world." Wen Wenhai was really excited. The jade slips had clearly written all the benefits of this set of exercises. In fact, even if they didn't write it down, Wen Wenhai would still know it clearly based on his experience. , how valuable this set of exercises is, that's why he is so excited.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "This time you said it wrong. This set of exercises was created by Laura and the others, not me. Okay, let's show it to everyone, go ahead." Wen Wenhai responded. , immediately gave the jade slip to Chang Jun. Seeing Wen Wenhai's excitement, Chang Jun knew it was a good thing. He immediately took out the jade slip and read the contents carefully.

After Chang Jun saw it, he also looked at Zhao Hai with a shocked expression. After a while, he said: "Sect Master, I think this set of exercises cannot be learned by the elders at the branch level. The core elders can learn it first." Well, this set of exercises must become the secret of our Blood Killing Sect, because with this set of exercises, a sect can cultivate a large number of masters in a short period of time, because this set of exercises , when the biggest restrictions on monks are lifted, this is too scary, so it must be strictly controlled, the fewer people learn, the better."

Zhao Hai smiled and said solemnly: "That's okay. The core elders can say that the branch elders will let them learn based on the situation. You can't just exclude all the branch elders at once. That won't work. After all, for us It is said that some branch elders are also very important, and they are actually qualified to become core elders, but they are not able to become core elders because their strength is a little inferior. This is too unfair to them. "

Chang Jun nodded, and then gave the jade slip to the others. The jade slip was passed among everyone's hands. Everyone who looked at the jade slip was very surprised. They really didn't expect that this jade slip would Jian Li's Kung Fu is like this. No wonder Zhao Hai said that everyone can learn it. It is true that everyone can learn it, because you can adjust the energy array according to your own Kung Fu. You can use whatever look suits you best.

After everyone had read the contents of the jade slip, Zhao Hai said: "Everyone sitting here can learn it, so let's copy this technique in a while, and then take it back and practice it yourself. Without the order of the sect, there is no problem in not spreading it to others privately, right?" Zhao Hai knew that they would not spread this technique to others privately without his reminding him. After all, everyone had listened to his previous conversation with Chang Jun. When they arrived, they should also know what to do, but he still reminded them to show that he took this matter very seriously.

Everyone agreed, and naturally no one objected. They knew the value of this set of exercises. To be honest, they were really surprised. They never thought that such a set of exercises would appear in this world. Kung Fu, what has the greatest impact on the speed of a monk’s practice? Of course, it is the strength of the meridians, and this set of exercises almost completely avoids the influence of the meridians on the monks, so the value of this set of exercises is too great.

Although it is said that the human body needs to be strengthened with the blood of monsters and beasts before practicing the technique, this strengthening is actually just to strengthen the meridians so that the meridians can be suitable for the operation of the technique. Some of the effects brought by meridians do not mean that this set of exercises requires strong meridians. In fact, you do not need your meridians to be too strong to practice. This is really important for monks.

Monk practice generally has a certain time limit. For example, you can only operate a skill for a few hours a day, or a certain number of times. Too many times will not work, and it will put huge pressure on the meridians. If it is not done properly, the meridians will be damaged, and it is difficult to recover from the damage to the meridians. It will have a great impact on the monks, so the time that the monks can practice every day is limited.

Moreover, there is a certain limit on the amount of spiritual energy that can be absorbed. Why are some people born not suitable for practicing? The meridians of those people are inherently fragile. If they practice, their meridians may be rushed by the spiritual energy and they will be directly injured. If he is injured, let alone practice. If he doesn't kill himself, he will be lucky.

This set of exercises puts very little pressure on the meridians, because the runes have kept all the power inside, and the power released is also very soft. This soft power not only has no impact on the meridians, In fact, it can also play a role in warming and nourishing, so with this kind of technique, monks can continue practicing without being limited by time or energy quantity, and can even keep the spiritual energy in their bodies. Carry out operation, so that their strength and progress will naturally be very obvious.

Why do monks compress spiritual energy after reaching a certain level of practice? One is to make the spiritual energy they use more powerful, and the second is actually to reduce the pressure on the meridians, just like a pipe, the same Of the weight of water and gas, which one brings greater pressure to this pipe? Maybe the gas will burst the pipe directly, but the water will not even fill less than half of the pipe.

Ascension is actually the same, except that monks rely on their own strength to compress the spiritual energy in their bodies, while ascension is the law of heaven and earth. The effect of compressing the spiritual energy in your body is almost the same, and Zhao Hai's This method completely solves this problem, which is really important for monks.

As Chang Jun said, with this set of skills, they can train a large number of masters in a short period of time. If you think it is too slow to absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, it doesn't matter. You can directly absorb the spiritual energy in the crystal. Although Those auras are more overbearing, but what does that matter? After the external incarnation, the energy array clone and the law are filtered, the energy will not be so overbearing. In the end, the energy will enter the heaven and earth runes and curse runes. This will not have any impact, and the monk's strength will naturally increase rapidly.

And the best thing is that the attack ability of this set of exercises is also very powerful. Not only can it directly input energy into the magic weapon, even if you don't have any magic weapon, this set of skills can The attack power of the skills is also very powerful, because so many magic arrays in your body can all be turned into attack arrays. In other words, this set of skills will make the attack methods of all monks very diverse. , and every attack method is very powerful. Whether it is attack or defense, it can be completed almost instantly. Such an attack method will definitely surprise everyone. 8)