c7172 update completed

Some people may think that the energy in a monk's body is running in the form of runes, so how can you input this energy into the magical weapon, and how can the magical weapon receive this energy? Does it mean that if you use this set of exercises, you can no longer use magic weapons? If that's the case, wouldn't this set of exercises be useless?

In fact, this is not the case. Let energy run in the form of runes. This is just a way of saying that energy is still energy, and runes are also a kind of energy. In fact, the previous aura was not completely without volume. The previous aura If you magnify it countless times, you will find that it is actually composed of countless small particles, but now Zhao Hai has replaced countless small particles with runes.

In the past, the small particles that made up the spiritual energy were actually very small and had no rules. But now this training method compresses all the small particles in the spiritual energy into runes. It seems that only the runes are running. In fact, the runes are not a shell, but a carrier. The essence inside is still energy, but the volume of the energy is compressed. Those runes are actually about the same size as the small particles in the original spiritual energy.

Those small particles in the aura can be used by magic weapons, so what are the runes that cannot be used by magic weapons? Not only can the magic weapon be used, but its power will also be improved, because although the amount of spiritual energy input into the magic weapon does not seem to have changed, its essence has changed, and the power of the magic weapon will naturally become even greater.

Of course, this refers to the case of using ordinary magic weapons. If you use the external incarnation magic weapon of the Blood Killing Sect, it will be very different. The practice of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is actually different from the external incarnation magic weapon. , is a whole. The yin and yang thunder pool in the incarnation of the magic weapon outside the body provides enough energy for the training of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, and in the end this energy will return from the bodies of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. A cycle is formed in the Yin and Yang Lei Pond. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are fighting, the magical weapons that have been transformed into armor or weapons are actually the spiritual energy in the blood killing sect disciples. They are still in one body. This will make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel as if they are controlling a part of their own body when using the external incarnation magic weapon, like arms and fingers, and are extremely flexible.

In this case, how could the energy turned into runes have any impact on the magic weapon that is transformed outside the body? Not only does it have no impact, it will even make the magic weapon's attacks more diverse. However, once the magical weapon leaves the body of the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, the connection is equivalent to being severed. It is precisely because of this that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been using it for a long time. Energy weapons attack, like traditional flying swords, but they are rarely used.

This may seem like a step back, but it is not. Although the flying swords used by monks in the past could fly out, when attacking people, the flying swords relied on the energy that the monks had previously input into the flying swords to sustain the attack. , and the command relies on the spiritual power of the monk. After releasing the flying sword, if the monk wants to input energy into the flying sword, he can only retract the flying sword, and then replenish the spiritual energy into the flying sword. The flying sword is released to attack the enemy.

It is precisely because of this characteristic that the Flying Sword has very high requirements for materials. There are also a variety of magic weapons in the Flying Sword, among which the magic circle used to store energy is indispensable. The monks have to input it into the Flying Sword. Energy, Feijian needs to store energy. Just having an energy storage array is not enough. Materials are also very important. Otherwise, Feijian cannot store too much energy and will collapse. The higher the level of materials, the more energy it can store. The greater the pressure it endures, the more energy it can store, the longer it can continue to fight, and the stronger its attack power.

Of course, the external incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect can also do this, but this will consume a lot of mental power, and the energy that the flying sword can store is limited after all, so the attack power is naturally impossible. Compared with the weapons in their hands, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can use energy weapons and directly release energy attacks. Their energy attacks are very powerful, no worse than flying swords, so why do they still fly? How about using a flying sword? Isn't it the same thing to attack with energy? Energy attacks consume almost no mental power, and consume very little spiritual energy on them. This will increase their lasting combat effectiveness. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not use weapons like flying swords for a long time.

The most promising thing about the invention of the revolving sword wings is that this type of revolving sword wings does not actually require much mental power to control when attacking. Except for retracting it, which requires mental power to control. In addition, he does not need too much mental control. Coupled with his characteristic of turning, if the enemy hits him, he will lack a little bit of strength from the enemy, so the consumption of the monk's spiritual energy is also very high. Being young is the most skillful part of the whirling sword wings.

I say all this just to illustrate that this technique has no impact on monks using weapons. If it does, it has a good impact, not a bad impact, so there is nothing to worry about at all. Wen Wenhai and others are all powerful people, and they naturally understand this, so they will not object.

After everyone copied the technique, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "Okay, let's go practice. This time, it will take a few days to practice the technique. Laura and the others When I practiced this set of exercises, it took more than ten days to complete. You believe that the time it takes will not be too short, so I am afraid that this attack will have to be stopped for a while until you have learned this set. After doing the exercises, it’s not too late to launch a second attack.”

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai then said: "After a while, you will enter the back hall one by one. There is a lot of monster blood in the back hall. You can close your eyes and feel it to find out the blood that is most suitable for you. Just take it away. After you go back, you must first perform blood fusion, and then practice a set of exercises. This blood fusion will not only make your meridians stronger, but also make your body stronger. , can absorb more energy. The energy emitted from the runes alone is enough to strengthen your body. With that energy warming your body, your body strength will also increase, and the demon Beasts are definitely experts in using their bodies to absorb energy. Absorbing the bloodline of monsters acts as a primer, allowing our bodies to better absorb those energies for strengthening, so this step must be carried out. When using the Void Condensation Array Technique to create an energy array, you must pay attention to try to make it as complete as possible. Otherwise, if you fall behind in one or two places, when the technique is formed, you will not be able to let it go. It is not so easy for the method to reach those two places, and it will waste a lot of time. After the method is integrated, when the final adjustment of the magic circle is made, do not be anxious. You must use the optical brain to calculate, and you must find You need to find the most suitable array for your acupuncture points, attack, defense, and training, do you understand?"

Everyone responded in unison, and Zhao Hai continued: "I will always be in the room these days. If you don't understand anything, you must come and ask me. Okay, go down." Everyone responded in response. , then they all stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, and then turned and left.

Then Zhao Hai calculated the number of people in the Blood Killing Sect who could practice this set of exercises, and then called those people to the main hall in batches, gave them the exercises, and explained the precautions. Then let them choose the bloodline that suits them before letting them leave.

After a period of time, the disciples in the Blood Killing Sect felt very strange, because they found that the second expansion that was still being prepared before had now stopped. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect a little confused. Then they I heard the news that the sect leader has created a set of extremely powerful exercises this time. The senior leaders of the sect are going to upgrade. If you want to learn this set of exercises, you can do it, as long as you can reach the level of a core disciple. , you can learn this set of exercises. Only core disciples and core elders can learn this set of exercises, and no one else is qualified to learn them.

Not only did this news not cause dissatisfaction among the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it also made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect work harder to practice. The training atmosphere of the Blood Killing Sect suddenly became high, and it was much better than before. , which made Zhao Hai very happy. If a sect wants to develop, it needs such an atmosphere.

In fact, no disciple of the Blood Killing Sect will feel unfair. If you are given the same supplies every month, the exercises you practice are still the most suitable for you, but your practice speed is not as fast as others. You really can’t find any other excuse except that you don’t work as hard as your family. As long as you work hard and are strong enough, you can get the same treatment. This is actually the fairest. What other excuse do they have? I feel bad.

This time, the upgrade of the Blood Killing Sect took half a month. After half a month, Wen Wenhai and others were finally upgraded. All of them learned this technique called Formation Technique. , the name of this set of exercises is very inconspicuous, but its power is really great. Wen Wenhai and the others felt that as soon as they learned this set of exercises, their strength would increase day by day. , how could they not be surprised.

Wen Wenhai and the others were very puzzled as to why Zhao Hai gave this set of exercises such an inconspicuous name. In their opinion, this set of exercises should have a more domineering name, like the Overlord Formation Technique. , names like Tongtian Formation Skill, but Zhao Hai disagreed, and simply called a Formation Skill, which made Wen Wenhai and others not quite understand what it meant.

However, this technique was created by Zhao Hai. Naturally, they will not put forward too many opinions. Zhao Hai can call it whatever he wants. Anyway, no matter what it is called, it will not make this technique less powerful. , calling a more domineering name is just more attractive, but it really doesn't have much effect, so no one cares, just follow Zhao Hai's wishes.