c7183 Stone Giant Ox

With the existence of the undead behemoths, the undead clan has become very powerful in combat. The undead behemoths have the advantages of the undead behemoths. Their combat effectiveness can even be compared with the Blood Killing Battle Castle. However, before the undead behemoths, The impact power is a problem, but now with these fat cows, their impact power is no longer a problem.

These fat cows have strong defense, great strength, and fast speed, so their impact is very huge. And these fat cows can also use spells, and they can also use three spells. These three spells It is their natural spell, which can be cast instantly. The first spell is the lightning spell, which is a very powerful and fast spell. It is very powerful. The second spell is the stone spell. Armor technique, this is a very weird technique. When using this technique, this kind of cow will add stone armor technique to its body. This stone armor technique is a defensive technique that will affect their body. A half-meter layer of stone armor is formed on his body to strengthen his defense capabilities. The most important thing is that this technique can be superimposed. That is to say, this technique can be added layer by layer. As long as When these cows are given enough, they will add enough thick stone armor to their bodies to turn into a stone mountain.

As for the third technique, that’s interesting. This technique is the gravity technique. The gravity technique is actually divided into two ways of use. One is the gravity technique used on the enemy, which will make the enemy’s body become To be heavy, this kind of gravity technique has been mastered by the Blood Killing Sect before. It is a very practical technique, and the other one is the anti-gravity technique. This anti-gravity technique can be used on the enemy. You can use it on your own body, and with the anti-gravity technique, it will make these fat cows float on their own, because they are freed from the constraints of gravity and can naturally fly.

This gravity technique can be said to be a matching technique with Fat Niu's Stone Armor Technique, because once Fat Niu blesses the Stone Armor Technique on their bodies, their weight will increase. In this case , it would be difficult for these fat cows to fly, let alone how thick the stone armor technique is. If it is really blessed with a lot of thick stone armor technique, then these fat cows will probably stand there unable to move. But with gravity, it's different. They can add anti-gravity to their bodies, so that they can fly while wearing heavy armor, without affecting their combat in the air.

With the body shape of such a fat bull, coupled with the armor on their bodies, it seems that the stone armor technique has no effect, but in fact it is not the case. If they really blessed a lot of stone armor techniques on their bodies, it would make them more powerful. If they turn into a small rocky mountain, then when they charge, the power will be completely different. Add in the defensive power of this rocky mountain, it can be said that the impact of these fat bulls is definitely better than that of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Even scarier.

It is precisely because of this characteristic that when Gu Yuanzheng saw these fat cows, a smile appeared on his face. He is really not afraid of those Yaksha attacks now. On the contrary, he is still looking forward to it. Is it the Yaksha clan? Come on, he really wants to see if your Yasha clan's floating island can really knock all these fat cows away.

Just when the ancient expedition was still exciting, the sudden giant dragon in the Five Elements Killing Formation looked up to the sky and roared, and with his voice, waves of dragons seemed to emerge from the Five Elements Killing Formation. Like a flame, the base of the Blood Killing Sect turned into a huge fireball, lighting up all the darkness around it. Even the power of the Shadow Clan's Law was forced back ten miles. This allows the people of the Blood Killing Sect to see clearly the situation within ten miles outside the base.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect discovered that several black spots had appeared ten miles outside the base. The speed of these black spots was very fast, and more and more black spots appeared in the blink of an eye. , and then saw three behemoths emerging from the black mist of the Blood Killing Sect. Their speed was also very fast, and their target was the Blood Killing Sect's base.

As soon as they saw those black spots, the people of the Blood Killing Sect immediately understood that the attack of the Yasha clan was coming. The energy beasts that had been prepared for a long time rushed out of the Blood Killing Sect's base and headed straight towards the three A behemoth rushed over. The three behemoths were none other than the three floating islands they had seen before.

The targets of those energy giants are also those three floating islands. It can be said that they are the real enemies of the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, more energy behemoths appear in the Blood Killing Sect's base. These energy giants The beasts all rushed towards the floating island, and their speeds were all raised to the fastest. Their goal was to force the three floating islands to stop. If they really let the three floating islands float, The island collided with the Blood Killing Sect's Five Elements Killing Formation. That Five Elements Killing Formation was absolutely unstoppable. By that time, the Blood Killing Sect's base would be breached.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng also said loudly: "All Stone Giant Bulls are ready, blessed with stone armor skills, and waiting for my order." This new fat bull, Zhao Hai gave him a very common name, Stone Giant Bull, which sounds like It's the same as the stone giant. In fact, it has nothing to do with it. It's just that Zhao Hai didn't want to waste time on naming it.

Those stone giant bulls immediately began to bless stone armor on their bodies. If the previous stone giant bulls blessed their bodies with stone armor, they would be almost unable to move after the blessing, but it is different now. Now they are After he was blessed with the Stone Armor Technique, the Stone Armor Technique turned into a big ball instead of the shape of a cow. The reason why this happened was because of the existence of an external incarnation.

These giant stone bulls all have external incarnations on their bodies. When he blesses the stone armor technique, he is actually blessing outside the external incarnation. In order not to affect their actions, these external incarnations will bless the stone in their body. During the Armor Technique, a huge hollow iron ball was formed outside their bodies and wrapped inside, so that the stone giant bull could move freely in the metal ball, and there was a thick stone outside the metal ball. A can protect him.

So when these stone giant bulls added layers of stone armor to their bodies, the stone ball became bigger and bigger, but the stone ball did not stop on the ground, but slowly It flew into the air, and flew higher and higher, like a balloon, floating in the air.

boom! boom! boom! boom! ..., there was a loud noise, and one after another energy beasts were seen, which had collided with the fat cows of the Shadow Clan that had been turned into magical weapons. The forward speed of those fat cows was stopped by the collision, and The energy beasts that followed directly knocked the fat cows away. The eight-legged cows following the fat cows were also knocked away, and the energy beasts also disappeared one by one. .

Finally, after the ten giant energy beasts disappeared, the energy beasts finally had to face the eight-legged cows that followed the floating island. The reason why the floating island could move was because of the existence of these eight-legged cows. They are moving forward towards the floating island, so if they want to stop the floating island, they must first take care of these eight-legged cows. The target of the giant energy beast is these eight-legged cows.

Just when the energy beast that was following behind wanted to hit the eight-legged cows, the eight-legged cows all stopped, then turned around and ran backwards, until they ran to the edge of the floating island, and then jumped , jumped directly into the floating island, and although they were running backwards, the floating island did not stop, and was still flying forward, and the speed was not slow.

The size of these floating islands is really too big. Once they move, unless they are following him from behind, otherwise they will use inertia to fly forward for a long time and fly very far, because The resistance this floating island encounters in the sky is much smaller than the resistance it encounters on the ground.

Just like now, those eight-legged cows have stopped moving forward, but the floating island can use the previous inertia to keep rushing forward. And if they rush like this, they can definitely rush very far, if there is no external force. , there would be no problem if he rushed thousands of miles away, let alone bumped into the Blood Killing Sect base less than ten miles away.

Although those energy giants discovered that those eight-legged cows had escaped, it no longer mattered to them. Those eight-legged cows had escaped. Just in time, they could deal with those floating islands, so those energy giants, He rushed straight towards the floating island, like a fearless warrior.

The energy behemoths were very big and looked very scary, but those floating islands were not small either, so the energy behemoths directly hit the floating islands. After a loud bang, those energy behemoths All disappeared, but the floating island was still flying forward.

The energy behemoth behind also rushed over, and there was another loud roar. The floating island was still moving forward, without any sign of stopping, and then the energy behemoth continued to hit the floating island. The inertia of the floating island is too great, and it is still moving forward, getting closer and closer to the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

Just when the floating island was still two miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's base, their speed finally slowed down a bit, but they still had no intention of stopping. As soon as they saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng immediately shouted : "The giant stone bull, charge." After giving this order, Gu Yuanzheng's eyes were fixed on the floating island. He didn't know whether the giant stone bull could block the floating island, but he had to do this now. order, because the floating island was too close to their base.

Following the orders of Gu Yuanzheng, huge stone balls rushed forward one by one. In a few breaths, they had reached their fastest speed, just like huge cannonballs, floating straight into the air. The island crashed over, and these stone balls are now almost two miles in diameter.

The area of ​​​​the floating island is very large. The area of ​​each floating island has reached a diameter of about ten thousand miles. No one can really know how powerful the impact of such a huge floating island is. , but one thing is certain, that is, the shield defense ability of the Blood Killing Sect will never be able to block such an impact, and now it depends on these giant stone bulls.