c7187 new alien

Shun Li shook his head and said: "Don't worry about this. We can divide it into two broods. One brood is dedicated to producing aliens like stone giant cows, and the other is the mother's nest to produce ordinary aliens. Of course, it is the same as stone giant cows." The size of the mother's nest will be very huge, after all, the shape of a giant stone bull is placed there."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. I'll tell the boss. Let's talk about the attack next. If you have any ideas, just say them directly." Wen Wenhai I really think Shun Li's suggestion is very good, because they really can't leave this kind of thing to Zhao Hai. Just like Shun Li said, training is what Zhao Hai should do. Small things like this, They can just do it, and there is no way to succeed.

Baiyan stood up at this time and said: "I think we still have to use our previous attack methods, just change it a little, because after all, we are still fighting against the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here, and it is not just a simple matter. To fight against the Yaksha Clan, we must expand our base to fight against the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws.”

Everyone nodded, feeling that Bai Yan's method was very good, so they all looked at Bai Yan, waiting for him to continue. Baiyan was not polite, and he continued: "The energy beast's combat power is not weak, but its impact is not strong enough. We have verified this. Before Elder Wen and the others did not improve, these shortcomings of the energy beast, There is no way to change it. Not to mention ordinary energy beasts, even the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Dragon has such weaknesses. The last time he hit the floating island, he almost broke it apart. Until now. It has not yet fully recovered, and the attack distance of the energy behemoth is also very limited. Especially with the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, there are even more restrictions. Therefore, when we attack, we cannot use the energy behemoth as our weapon. host."

At this point, he rolled his eyes for a moment, and then said: "Lao Shen's previous method was very good. This is equivalent to solving our problem of giant beasts. As long as we make more giant beasts, even if we face the floating island, we will be able to survive." There is nothing to be afraid of anymore, so our attack should still focus on the Necrons and Aliens. The Aliens are still the scouts. Otherwise, we'd better equip them with some magic circles that can break illusions. This way What happened before will not happen, and then the undead army will follow. Of course, the most important thing is that the puppet disciples will follow the army. Your purpose is to establish a small base, and use the small base as a base to build a new one. The Five Elements Killing Formation expands our territory. If we proceed steadily step by step, the Yasha clan will definitely be defeated. Moreover, this is also the attack method we are most familiar with. We only need to make some adjustments to the details. If nothing goes wrong, there will be no chance for the alien clan."

Everyone nodded. Although the method Baiyan said seemed to be nothing new, it was the most reliable method and the method that the Blood Killing Sect was most accustomed to. Anyone who used this method to attack would not be able to attack them. Mistakes will be made and the enemy will not be given any chance.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "The staff also has the same opinion. Our offensive method has always been to focus on stability and push forward all the way. This method is the safest, and they are not prepared to do it. No changes have been made, and they are completing the details, so I believe there will be no problems.”

Everyone was relieved. As long as they did not change their attack method, they were confident that they could defeat any enemy, and they had nothing to worry about. When Wen Wenhai saw that no one objected and Baiyan had nothing to say, he continued: "That's it, I'll ask the staff to complete their battle plan as soon as possible, and then give it to everyone Look, as long as everyone agrees with this battle plan, we can take action. As for asking the boss to agree to let the alien clan have the ability of the giant stone bull, let's go talk to the boss together. I believe the boss There will be no objection."

As soon as he finished speaking, a voice came and said: "I will not object. The new stone giant bull-shaped alien nest has been established and is on Xuanwu Island. Shu Li, please send someone to take over. "After speaking, there was no sound, but everyone heard that this voice was Zhao Hai's voice. Everyone immediately stood up, saluted to the position of the chief, and said: "Yes, Sect Master." Although the chief There was no one, but it was Zhao Hai's Xiang Zheng, and they didn't dare to neglect it.

Zhao Hai did not answer, and Wen Wenhai turned to everyone and said: "Okay, now this problem has been solved. Next, we will wait for the staff to come up with a battle plan. As long as there are no problems with their battle plan, then We can take action now. Okay, everyone, let’s go back and make preparations.” Everyone responded and then turned around and left the hall.

At this time, Shun Li and Cang Ming returned to the Xuanwu Space. They had just found out where the new alien nest was built, as Zhao Hai said. It was right where their alien clan was stationed. It is not much different from the residence of other disciples. There is a large courtyard on a hill. However, there is some difference. The hill below their courtyard has been hollowed out by the Zerg, so it is possible to live there. Get off more people.

When they returned to their station, they discovered that another hill had appeared next to their station, and that was where the new mother's nest was, because this time they were going to give birth to an extremely huge stone bull. Alien, in this case, the size of the mother nest cannot be small, otherwise the time it takes for the alien to grow would be enough to give people a headache.

This kind of alien mother nest was created by Zhao Hai. He directly added the genes of the giant stone bull into the mother nest, so that he could create a disaster-like alien mother nest. He was really He didn't expect this, because after the Alien clan became a member of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai stopped doing this. He had been watching Wen Wenhai's battle meeting before, and when Shu Li said After their thoughts, Zhao Hai also felt that this method was very good, so he did it directly and got out the alien nest directly.

Just like what Shu Li and the others said, for Zhao Hai, training is the most important thing now. He doesn't have much time to manage these things. Now that Shu Li has come up with this idea, he has already put this matter aside. After solving it for him, of course he can leave the matter to Shu Li and the others.

Shu Li and the others took a look at the mother nest. Although it looked like a hill, it was actually similar to other alien mother nests. The only difference was that other alien mother nests had several birthing ports. Just like a huge starfish, the number of production ports is much greater than the claws of the starfish. Generally, a dozen aliens can be produced at a time, or even more.

And this huge mother's nest has only one outlet, which means that this mother's nest can only produce one stone giant bull-like alien at a time, and the production time will be very long, it takes almost a quarter of an hour to produce one. , which is very different from the ordinary alien nest.

This new alien shape is too big, with a length of more than 500 meters and a height of more than 300 meters. Of course, this refers to the form of a giant stone bull. If it is an alien, the shape will be even larger. Longer, it will be higher, but the impact may be slightly weaker, but it doesn't matter, it can be supplemented in quantity.

After understanding the situation of this brood, Shu Li immediately started making this new alien. He really wanted to see what this new alien would look like, and he had to now They have to make this new alien, because they are about to go to war with the Yasha clan. If they can't make a large number of these new aliens in a short time, it will be very troublesome. After all, they are To face the impact of the floating island.

A quarter of an hour later, a huge alien appeared in a cave inside the hill. The cave was very large. There was a pool in the middle of the cave. The pool was full of a green liquid. The cave was very large and long enough. About a thousand meters, the height is about a thousand meters, there is a pool in the middle of the cave, the diameter of the pool is also about five hundred meters, and now an alien emerged from that pool.

The height of this alien was five hundred meters, and its length reached an astonishing eight hundred meters. What surprised Shu Li and the others even more was that this alien actually had ten legs, two of which were claws. Each claw has six fingers, one pointing backward and five pointing forward. There are long nails on them. The nails are shining with cold light. You can tell at a glance that these fingers are very sharp. Very hard and extremely lethal.

Under their bodies, there are eight legs. These legs are very thick and have claws on them. They seem to be able to attack the enemy, but their more important function is to support the body above. Their bodies are covered with a hard layer of cuticle, which is very thick, like armor. There are even layers of cuticle on the legs, which are stacked up one after another, like armor that can be retracted. That part is the same.

And they all have three horns on their heads, which are the same as the horns of the eight-legged ox, like a trident. The most important thing is his tail, which is longer than his body, and It appears to be extremely flexible, and the very sharp part on the tip of its tail looks like the tip of a spear, with a cold light that is very scary.

But no matter from which aspect, the impact of this alien will not be weak, it will even be very strong. When they charge, the speed will be very powerful. If they are hit head-on, the consequences will be It's definitely not going to be too good. The impact of these aliens is definitely comparable to those of those giant stone bulls.

The most important thing is that on the heads of these aliens, on the middle horn, there are even blue electric flowers flashing from time to time. This is the innate magic attack ability of those giant stone bulls. Release it. It's just a bolt of lightning. If it is hit by this lightning, the ordinary undead beast will be stunned immediately.