c7184 war

boom! boom! boom! There were dull rumbling sounds, and then I saw huge stone balls hitting the floating island. The floating island shook violently, and then the stone balls flew away, but the floating island The speed of the island also slowed down, but they did not stop. .

When a thousand stone balls were all knocked away by the floating island, he was still moving forward slowly. Although the speed was very slow, he was still moving forward, and he was about to hit the energy of the Blood Killing Sect. On the shield, although his current speed is very slow, but with that huge size and strength, if he really hits the shield of the Blood Killing Sect, I am afraid that the shield will still be broken.

At this time, a huge dragon roar came, and then a giant dragon that was tens of thousands of miles long flew out from the side of the floating island and hit those floating islands. On the empty island, several loud noises were heard, and the three floating islands finally stopped. At this time, the floating island was only about two hundred meters away from the shield of the Blood Killing Sect. Moving forward, At one point, it is about to hit the shield of the Blood Killing Sect.

King Xiaotian who had been standing on the floating island, when he saw the floating island stopped, he couldn't help but roared wildly. The roar was full of unwillingness. He really regrets it now. If it had been before Instead of feeling sorry for those eight-legged cows and letting them retreat to the floating island, if he kept charging forward, they might have broken through the shield of the Blood Killing Sect by now, and he would have destroyed the eight-legged cows. The foot cow was retracted, causing the floating island to lose power. It only relied on inertia to rush forward. In this way, the impact force of the floating island would be greatly affected, and then it was forced to stop. If With a little bit of motivation, I believe the floating island can break through the shield of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, King Xiaotian also knows very well that at this time, they cannot just stand here and get angry. This place is too close to the base of the Blood Killing Sect. If they stay here for too long, the Blood Killing Sect will Zonghui will come over to attack them, and it will be difficult for them to leave then.

They are now like cavalry charging at the enemy. They have rushed in front of the enemy's formation. The enemy has tried every means to block them. If they don't leave at this time, they will wait to be dealt with by the enemy. Well, after all, the cavalry that has lost its speed cannot win in the hands of the infantry.

So after roaring like a maniac, King Xiaotian immediately gave the order: "Send the order, the rear team will change to the front team, evacuate at full speed, Ming Dixing Yaksha attacks, attracts the enemy's attention, covers our retreat, and Ming Feiyi After the army is broken, we must block the enemy and give us time to retreat."

King Xiaotian seemed extremely calm at this time, issuing orders one after another in an orderly manner, and the ordering soldiers around him also quickly recorded his orders. After his orders were issued, the ordering soldiers immediately conveyed the orders. It went down very fast, and they also used a teleportation array to convey orders.

Just when King Xiaotian's order was issued, the undead clan had actually rushed forward. They had begun to attack like the Yasha clan. Some giant undead beasts rushed towards the floating island, and there were countless others. The energy behemoth also rushed over like the floating island, just trying to break the floating island's shield.

At this time, underneath the Blood Slaughter Sect base, the Yaksha Clan also launched an attack. Previously, Zhu Yong and the others had focused too much on the floating island in the sky, forgetting that the Yaksha Clan still had the earthly elements. As for the Yaksha race, fortunately, the Zerg Yaksha clan has always been on guard under the Blood Killing Clan's base, so although the Yaksha clan launched an attack very suddenly this time, they were just relying on the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , covering up their figures. When they entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect, the cover was lost, and the Zerg Yasha could see them. The two sides quickly reached a point, and the battle below the ground The situation was quickly handed over to Wen Wenhai and the others.

After Wen Wenhai saw this information, he couldn't help but snorted: "The underground attack is just to attract our attention. They want to cover the retreat of the three floating islands in the sky, send orders, and attack with all their strength. Floating Island, it would be best if we could leave their Floating Island behind."

Immediately, a messenger responded and directly conveyed Wen Wenhai's order. Now Wen Wenhai is at the headquarters of the Blood Killing Sect. He can issue orders to anyone in the Blood Killing Sect, so this The order quickly reached Gu Yuanzheng and the others.

After receiving the order, Gu Yuanzheng immediately gave the order. The Necromancer clan began to attack the enemy's floating island with all their strength. However, at this time, the enemy's floating island began to slowly retreat, and retreated. The speed was getting faster and faster, and at the same time, countless fat cows and flying yakshas rushed out from those floating islands. These fat cows and flying yakshas rushed straight towards the army of the undead clan, and the two sides collided quickly. .

Those Yakhas are not afraid of death. They are not afraid of death at all. They all use desperate fighting methods. Even the people of the undead clan do not dare to fight with them for a while, because the strength of those Yaksha is really They are very strong. If you fight them head-on, you will definitely suffer huge losses, so their attack was actually blocked by those Yaksha energy.

But the three floating islands are retreating faster and faster. Now they are almost retreating into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. If the three floating islands are really allowed to retreat into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, , it is even more difficult for the people of the Blood Killing Sect to deal with them, but the Blood Killing Sect is now unable to break through the enemy's army to cut off the rear, because this army is really strong, and each one of them has very powerful combat effectiveness. In addition, those fat cows blocked the impact of the Blood Killing Sect energy beast, so it was really not easy for them to break through the defense line of this army.

Although there are many undead behemoths, there are not many stone spirit behemoths as big as those fat cows. Therefore, the fat cow magic weapon of the Yasha clan really played a huge role in this war. The role of , especially in the final break, played a decisive role.

And where is the giant stone bull of the undead clan at this time? They haven't calmed down yet. They hit the floating island with all their strength before. Although the speed of the floating island was completely slowed down, they were directly knocked away. , such a huge impact force made those giant stone cattle very uncomfortable. Although they have become the undead clan, this does not mean that the undead clan will not be injured. In fact, the undead clan will also be injured. , so those giant stone bulls were knocked unconscious when faced with such a collision. Even those who did not faint were still dizzy and had no ability to fight at all.

It was precisely because these giant stone bulls did not participate in the battle that they gave the Yasha clan a chance to escape. Gu Yuanzheng and the others could only watch helplessly as the three floating islands slowly disappeared under the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Even now, it was impossible to catch up. This made Gu Yuanzheng’s eyes burst out with fire. He looked at the Yashas who were still desperately fighting against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and shouted: "Kill, kill them all for me."

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also very angry, especially the people of the Necromancer clan. They were also mad. They saw the enemy running away, but they failed to catch up. This was an unprecedented shame for them, and even more so. What makes them feel ashamed is that they were blocked by the enemy with desperate methods.

When have the undead clan ever been afraid of death? When had the undead clan ever lost to others when they tried their best? They have always used desperate fighting methods to destroy the enemy. No enemy has ever been able to defeat them with desperate fighting methods. But now they are blocked here by the enemy using desperate fighting methods. This is very difficult for the undead clan. It's really a shame and a shame.

After hearing Gu Yuanzheng's order, the people of the Necromancer clan were completely angry. They roared and rushed towards the Yaksha. Didn't the Yaksha beat them with life-threatening tactics? This time they also used desperate tactics to deal with those Yashas, ​​wasn't it just desperate? If you fight against the undead clan, you will only die faster.

The Yakshas could not withstand the desperate efforts of the Undead clan. Although those Yakshas also had armor on their bodies, how could their armor be compared with the armor of the Blood Killing Sect's incarnation? Now the desperate efforts of the Undead clan, The Yaksha clan discovered that if they hit the enemy, the enemy would be fine and would only be slightly injured at most, but if the enemy hit them, they would not die but would be seriously injured. How could the Yaksha withstand it?

But this Yaksha army is definitely an elite. In this situation, they did not take a step back and were still fighting against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Their performance also surprised the people of the Blood Killing Sect. , To be honest, among the enemies that the Blood Killing Sect has encountered, there are too few who are so brave.

Although the people of the undead clan admire these Yakshas, ​​they will not show mercy. Now they are enemies. If you show mercy to the enemy, you will let the enemy kill your comrades, so they will not show mercy. , is still launching the strongest attack on the Yasha clan.

This time, the people of the undead clan did not use the spinning sword wings. They have not had the chance to use the spinning sword wings. The spinning sword wings must be used before everyone is strangled together. If they are really strangled together, they will use the spinning sword. The wings are useless, so the undead clan did not use the spinning sword wings, but fought with the opponent in close combat.

When the battle in the sky reached its peak, under the base of the Blood Killing Sect, the Zerg Yaksha also started the most brutal battle with the Earthly Yaksha clan. This time, the Earthly Yaksha clan sent out very many people, no less than Ten million, facing such an army, the Zerg Yaksha suffered a loss at the beginning. Their number was smaller than the opponent, but they still had countless Zerg backing them. Those Zerg could also perform in this kind of close combat situation. It had a great effect. Although the casualties were heavy, it blocked the opponent's attack. Countless Zerg evolved directly after eating the Yaksha teeth left by the earthly Yaksha.