c7189 broken island

In fact, the opponent does not know the true strength of the Blood Killing Sect. They think that they can defeat the Blood Killing Sect by rushing into the Blood Killing Sect's base. They are too naive, and the Blood Killing Sect wants to stop them. Being outside the base is to let the Yasha clan know how powerful their Blood Killing Sect is, and also to boost the morale of the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

If the opponent destroys the base of the Blood Killing Sect, the biggest impact on the Blood Killing Sect will be a blow to morale. You must know that the Blood Killing Sect disciples have always believed that their base will not be destroyed. If it is true, Being destroyed by the opponent will make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect no longer have such thoughts. This will be a great blow to the morale of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, so Wen Wenhai does not want the other party to break their base.

Similarly, if they cannot slow down the opponent, they will not only destroy the base of the Blood Killing Sect, but also be able to leave safely. This is something the Blood Killing Sect people will never allow. The most important point is that if they want to To destroy the opponent, they must stop the opponent's floating island before they can attack the floating island.

Wen Wenhai and the others were already prepared for the impact of the opponent's floating island, but at this moment, countless silver light spots suddenly flew out of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. These silver light spots suddenly flew out. After flying out of the Blood Killing Battle Castle, they quickly grew in size, and finally turned into giants with a height of about a hundred meters. These giants crashed straight towards the floating island, and when they saw those giants, Wen Wenhai He couldn't help but be stunned, because he saw that those giants were the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They could only become giants of 100 meters at most, and they could only maintain this state for a few breaths at most. If it grows long, it will damage them. Now they are undoubtedly trying their best.

But after seeing those puppet disciples, Wen Wenhai had a flash of inspiration in his mind, and then he immediately ordered: "Listen, all disciples, turn your body into a medium-sized magic weapon, and give me a hard blow. I don’t believe it when we hit the floating island. There are so many of us, we can’t stop the floating island. Please protect yourself.”

When Wen Wenhai saw those puppet disciples bumping into each other, he suddenly thought that the magical weapons of their Blood Killing Sect disciples could be enlarged and could not be turned into large magical weapons, but they could not be transformed into medium-sized magical weapons. It’s a problem, and these magic weapons are powered by the Yin and Yang Thunder Pond, and their power is not small. If they just hit it like this, as long as there are a lot of them, they can definitely stop the floating island. By that time, they will not be sacrificed. These bloody battles killed the battle fort.

If the Blood Killing Battle Fort is damaged, it must be repaired again, but if the Blood Killing Sect disciples use their external incarnations to crash into it, there will be no problem. Even if it is damaged, it can be adjusted with just a thought. , as long as they protect themselves and are not directly hit to death.

When they heard Wen Wenhai's order, they all couldn't help but froze, and then they couldn't help but pat their heads. They finally thought of this, and they also issued the order at the same time, and the one who reacted first, It's those undead clan. When those undead clan heard Wen Wenhai's order, they were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately reacted. Then they were overjoyed, and each of them directly transformed themselves into a human being. A medium-sized magic weapon hit it directly.

I heard bursts of loud noises, and then each silver figure hit the floating island directly, and more silver figures flew straight towards the floating island, as if a group of people had returned to their nest. Like a bird, it crashed straight into the floating island. This attack seemed to be suicidal, which made King Xiaotian on the floating island look extremely ugly.

The reason why King Xiaotian came to attack the Blood Killing Sect at this time is because he knew very well that after the last battle, the people of the Blood Killing Sect would definitely relax and think that he would be able to defeat the Blood Killing Sect in a short time. He would not attack them anymore, so he would attack at this time, and this time he used all his strength. The fat ox and the eight-legged ox were all used to drag the floating island. He was He didn't put away the fat cow and the eight-legged cow even once, he just wanted to destroy the Blood Killing Sect's base in one fell swoop to vent his anger.

But he didn't expect that the huge stone bullets produced by the Blood Killing Sect last time were actually more than the last time he saw them. This made him very surprised, but when he saw On the defense line of the Blood Killing Clan's Blood Killing Battle Fort, he also had a smile on his face, because he knew very well that although his current speed was very slow, they would definitely be able to destroy the opponent's defense and destroy the opponent's base. Destroyed.

But he didn't expect that just when he was about to win, countless silver points of light suddenly hit them, and it was like committing suicide. They simply hit them with all their strength, which was like overwhelming a camel. Like the last straw, the three floating islands almost stopped.

King Xiao Tian knew very well that they could no longer destroy the Blood Killing Sect's defense line. He couldn't help but roared: "Retreat." He knew very well that if he didn't retreat at this time, he would really be doomed. , so he immediately ordered a retreat. Following his order, countless eight-legged cows jumped out from behind the floating island and began to pull the floating island in the opposite direction. They wanted to retreat.

But at this moment, a voice was heard saying: "Huh, who do you think my Blood Killing Sect is? I can come when I want and leave when I want?" This voice came from above the heads of King Xiaotian and the others. When they came, King Xiaotian looked up and found two people standing above them. One of the two people looked very young, only in his twenties, and the other looked like he was only in his thirties. The middle-aged man, that young man, looks very delicate. He is wearing a robe, his eyes are shining, and he is holding a staff in his hand. But the middle-aged man is holding a hammer in each hand.

As soon as he saw these two people, Commander Lingkong's expression changed, and he immediately said to King Xiaotian: "Sir, that young man is the one who attacked our Lingkong Island. I have fought against him. This man's skills The law is extremely weird, there will be stars twinkling above its head, and it will release all kinds of energy beasts, it is very powerful, I have never seen another one."

At this moment, I saw that the two people had moved. The young man had a staff in his hand, and countless stars appeared above his head. Then a huge ice pick appeared in front of him, and then He waved his hand forward, and the huge ice cone hit the shield of the floating island where King Xiaotian and the others were.

The reason why it is said that the ice pick struck instead of stabbing is because the ice pick is rotating and very fast. Such an attack is definitely more terrifying than a simple stab. The power of this blow is absolutely Not a little, King Xiaotian's expression changed as soon as he saw this attack, but he still said: "Quick, stop him."

King Xiaotian also knew very well that if the ice cone really penetrated the protective shield of their floating island, then the protective shield on their island would probably be destroyed. Even if it was not destroyed, it would still cause a shock. , which is very detrimental to their escape. If they are really defeated by the opponent, the consequences will be very dangerous.

Someone beside him immediately responded, and then two figures soared into the sky and rushed towards the ice pick. Both of them had the head of a bull and the human body. They were wearing black armor and were holding the same thing in their hands. Big axes, two people, two long-handled axes, slashed straight at the ice pick.

Just when two big axes struck the ice cone and destroyed it, a man holding two hammers rushed down and landed directly on the protective shield of the floating island. Then his Holding the hammers in both hands, like playing drums, the two sledgehammers kept hitting the energy shield.

A loud roar was heard, and the shield on the floating island began to shake. As soon as he saw this situation, King Xiaotian's expression changed wildly. He knew very well how powerful the shield on their island was. He did not expect that the inconspicuous middle-aged man on the other side had the shield in his hand. It was really beyond their expectation that the double hammers could have such great power. He immediately said loudly: "Quick, stop him." Immediately, another strong Yaksha rushed towards the man. past.

"Amitabha!" A sudden Buddhist chant sounded. King Xiaotian looked along the sound and saw a monk. He was holding an iron wood fish and smashed it on the shield of the floating island like a sledgehammer. At the same time, A river of blood also directly hit the shield, and a cracking sound could be heard from the shield, which was very terrifying.

At this time, I saw a huge energy dragon, and it hit the shield with one head, and heard a bang. The shield on the floating island could not withstand such an attack, and was struck by it. It smashed into pieces, and King Xiaotian felt a buzzing sound in his head, as if someone had hit him hard. He knew very well that if the shield on his island was really destroyed by the other party, If it falls, the consequences will be really unimaginable.

But now the shield has been destroyed. Although they are still retreating, they have not yet fully picked up their speed, and the opponent has already rushed to the island. If this continues, they will all die here. When he thought of this, King Xiaotian couldn't help but looked up to the sky and roared: "Fight it." After saying that, he moved and rushed towards the energy dragon. The giant ax in his hand was thrown to his head. That can handle the giant dragon with an axe.

But what surprised King Xiaotian was that a cunning look flashed in the eyes of the giant energy dragon, and then the huge dragon body suddenly seemed to fade, and finally disappeared directly, and Xiaotian King Tian's ax fell into vain immediately. The feeling of using the wrong force made him almost vomit blood.

At this time, I heard a voice saying: "Amitabha." Following this voice, an iron wood fish came directly like King Xiaotian. The timing of the attack of this wooden fish was very accurate. King Tian used the wrong force and before he could recover, he smashed it down. Seeing that King Xiao Tian could not avoid the blow.