c7180 giant bull

After sending Wen Yuming away, Wen Wenhai also had a huge headache. Wen Yuming and the others did think of a way, but the methods he thought of were all just assumptions, not methods that could really be used, so they For now, they can only rely on themselves, but how to deal with those floating islands? This is really a headache. .

At this time, Chang Jun also returned to Wen Wenhai's room. He looked at Wen Wenhai and said, "How is it? Is there anything Lao Wen can do?" Although Chang Jun knew that the situation was not good as soon as he saw Wen Wenhai's face, but He still asked with a hint of luck in his heart.

Wen Wenhai shook his head, repeated what Wen Yuming said, and finally said: "Now, although Laowen and the others have an idea, they have no way to put it into practice because there are many difficulties that they have not overcome yet, so Now we can only rely on ourselves, and we should prepare according to our previous ideas."

Chang Jun frowned and said, "Can't we think of other ways? Call everyone over and let's discuss it and see if there is any other way. What do you think?" Chang Jun really I'm very worried, because those energy giants really can't reassure people.

Wen Wenhai sighed and said: "This is the only way we can do it now. Fortunately, Lord Xuanwu has agreed to move to the front line. With Lord Xuanwu in charge, we don't have to worry too much. Although this may expose Lord Xuanwu, But there is nothing we can do about it. What we have to face now is not just the Yaksha. In fact, the most important enemy is the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. But here, our attention is too much attracted by the Yaksha Clan. , so we have forgotten our biggest enemy. In fact, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has always been against us. We now have many methods that we cannot use. Even the combat effectiveness of our energy beasts appears to be very weak. In fact, It also has something to do with the power of Shadow Clan’s laws, and this is what gives me the biggest headache.”

Chang Jun thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "That's all it can do now. I hope Lao Wen and them can solve the problem he mentioned earlier." Chang Jun really had no choice. The floating island of the Yasha clan is really nothing great. It is just an island floating in mid-air. It cannot even move forward on its own and can only rely on the cows to move forward. But it is such an island. However, it stumped Wen Wenhai and the others. There was only one reason, and that was that this kind of thing actually had its own advantages. His only advantage was that it was large and heavy. Once he struck, , you can't stop him, this is his biggest advantage.

Just when Chang Jun and the others were still having a headache, Wen Wenhai's communication array suddenly lit up. Wen Wenhai immediately connected the communication array and heard Gu Yuanzheng's voice coming: "Elder Wen, okay. News, there is good news, the young master has given our undead clan a new fighting strength, hahahaha." You could hear that his voice was very excited, and he was already laughing at the end.

Upon hearing his words, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but be startled, but then he frowned and sighed softly: "Old Gu, the boss has increased the combat power of our undead clan. That is a good thing, you just keep it. , Okay, if there is nothing else, then I will get busy first." In Wen Wenhai's view, Zhao Hai's increase in combat effectiveness for Gu Yuanzheng and the others is nothing more than adding more disciples of the Necromancer clan. This matter is of great significance to the current situation. For the Blood Killing Sect, it really wasn't of much help, so he didn't look very happy.

The voice of Gu Yuanzheng came: "Hahaha, Lao Wen, the combat power that the young master has added to us this time is different. What he has added to us this time is not something else, but that kind of fat cow, which is an improved Fat cow, hahahaha, I will send you a projection, you will know after you look at it." After saying that, Gu Yuanzheng turned off the communication directly, and then a projection was sent over, and his words made Wen Wenhai a little stunned. .

When Wen Wenhai turned on the projection, he was stunned because he saw countless giant bulls in front of them in the ancient expedition. The bodies of these giant bulls were very huge, and they seemed to be bigger than a fat bull. They were a bit bigger, and they also had three horns on their heads and eight legs. The most important thing was that these giant bulls were also covered with a layer of silver armor.

Chang Jun also saw these giant cows. When he saw these giant cows, his expression changed greatly. He then said: "I really didn't expect that this is a combination of a fat cow and an eight-legged cow. When did the sect leader research these giant cows?" Something is coming? This is really amazing." Chang Jun was really surprised. He didn't expect that Zhao Hai would combine a fat cow and an eight-legged cow. This kind of giant cow can be seen at a glance. The impact is very powerful and the power is huge. With these giant bulls around, it will be easier to deal with the Yaksha clan.

Wen Wenhai also looked at those giant bulls with bright eyes. He knew very well what those giant bulls represented. If the impact of these giant bulls was really big enough, then the combat effectiveness of the undead clan would be greatly improved. Most importantly, What's more, if there are enough of these giant bulls, they can be used to deal with those floating islands.

As soon as he thought of this, Wen Wenhai immediately connected to Gu Yuanzheng's communication array, and Gu Yuanzheng also connected immediately. As soon as he was connected, he heard Gu Yuanzheng's laughing voice saying: "Hahahaha, old man. Wen, how are you? Do you have any thoughts after seeing these cows?"

Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Okay, great, Lao Gu, remember, if necessary, let them attack those floating islands directly. Although I have transferred Mr. Xuanwu to the front line, if we If Master Xuanwu can be exposed later, we will have one more trump card. If necessary, we can sacrifice some undead beasts, do you understand?"

"Don't worry. Don't forget who our commander is. Madam won't be polite. You don't have to worry about us. If necessary, don't talk about the undead beast. Even if it's us undead, All the disciples of the clan will also rush forward. Okay, I won’t say more. I still have a lot of things to be busy with here. This time I just want to inform you of this good thing." After that, the communication was cut off.

Wen Wenhai put down the communication array, turned to look at Chang Jun and said: "This is great. With these giant bulls, we will be more relaxed. By the way, what did you just ask me? Did you mean that the sect leader is Are you studying those giant bulls there? Hahaha, Old Chang, you shouldn't ask about this kind of thing. Everyone has their own secrets, let alone the clan leader. Where do you think the alien clan comes from? Where did the materials we have used over the years come from? These things are all secrets of the sect master, and it is in vain for you to ask, do you understand?"

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "It's me, Meng Lang, that's all, let's not talk about this matter. The sect master's strength is unpredictable, so we don't need to worry about it. Let's talk about what happened this time. The enemy is now more than two hundred miles away. If they really attack, when do you think they will come?"

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "The staff department has conducted an analysis and believes that there is a greater chance of attacking tonight. There are also day and night in the Yaksha Realm. There is still some gray light during the day, which allows us to see I can see something, but the night here is really just like that in the Snake World. Everything is pitch black and you can’t see anything. Moreover, at night, the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws will have greater pressure, and Darkness also affects our visibility, which is the best time for them to act."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "If it is really possible, then we need to prepare more. I will prepare it. If the enemy does not come tonight, then we will attack tomorrow. Now the Necromancer There are so many giant bulls in the clan, and we still have so many energy giants. There is no reason to be afraid of their floating islands. After all, no one will know their floating islands unless we fight head-on. How powerful the island is, right?”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, if they don't come tonight, then we will attack them. Even if we have to make some sacrifices, we still have to fight with the enemy to see how powerful their floating island is. , you go and get ready, I also told them to get ready, today we are waiting for the enemy to arrive."

Chang Jun responded, then stood up, turned and left. After Chang Jun left, Wen Wenhai also took action. He immediately ordered all the people from the Blood Killing Sect's teams to get ready. Of course, those who should be practicing should still go to practice. After all, if the enemy doesn't come tonight , they still had to attack yesterday.

Although it is impossible for the Blood Killer Sect to cover all the territory they currently occupy with magic circles in one day, they still built a lot of small bases. These small bases are all nodes. Through these nodes, a Five Elements Ultimate Array was formed, and the protective array inside was also built. I don’t know when the energy dragon appeared in the Five Elements Ultimate Array and was swimming inside. , now this giant dragon looks even bigger, and looks extremely ferocious.

After hearing the news, Wen Wenhai also let out a sigh of relief. The dragon's arrival in the Five Elements Killing Formation meant that Xuanwu Island had reached the front line, so he could rest assured. In fact, he really What's more, he didn't expect it to be so fast. Although he was inside Xuanwu Island, he didn't feel Xuanwu Island moving at all, so he really didn't know when Xuanwu Island reached the front line.

Wen Wenhai quickly showed the projection and saw that, sure enough, they were now at the front line. However, the people on the front line did not seem to notice them, and they could not see the shadow of Xuanwu Island outside, but Wen Wenhai could clearly see it. Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that they were right above the front line. The reason why he didn't want Xuanwu Island to show up was because he didn't want to use Xuanwu Island now. If tonight, those If the energy behemoth can block Xuanwu Island, then Wen Wenhai will never let Xuanwu Island take action. Xuanwu Island is now one of their trump cards.