c7186 Examine myself three times

Examine yourself three times a day! This sentence is most appropriate to apply to monks. Ordinary people, if they can't do this, are just ordinary people at most, nothing extraordinary. But if a monk can't do this, then , then it is very dangerous. You will not discover your weaknesses, you will not know whether you have taken the wrong path, let alone whether you have inner demons, so monks who want to become stronger want to To go further, it is almost necessary to examine yourself three times a day. If you really do whatever you want, it is not cultivation. If cultivation is really that easy, wouldn't everyone be a master? Therefore, it is very necessary for monks to reflect on themselves frequently. .

What Zhao Hai said this time is actually to make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect conduct a deep introspection. Only in this way, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will discover their own problems, correct the problems, and let the Blood Killing Sect go. The farther you go, the stronger your strength will be. These are all very necessary.

It is indeed the case. Zhao Hai's words really made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect start to reflect on themselves. They want to find out where their mistakes are and what they should do. These are all very necessary, so the Blood Killing Sect's disciples began to reflect on themselves. The disciples of the Killing Sect have all begun to reflect on themselves. This is a very good phenomenon.

Wen Wenhai and the others were also reflecting and wanted to see if they had done anything wrong during this period. They found that although they had not done anything wrong in the recent period, they also had some problems. The most important thing was that they seemed to Some people have overlooked the changes in the mentality of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, which is a very important point.

If there is really a problem with the disciple's mentality, it is not a small problem. If one person does not handle it well, inner demons will arise. If many disciples have inner demons at the same time, it will be too dangerous. You must know that there are some After the disciple develops inner demons, he will not die, but will lose his mind and become a monster who only knows how to kill. This is very fatal.

However, after this reflection, the atmosphere of the Blood Killing Sect has also changed. All the disciples have a high-spirited spirit. This is something Zhao Hai has never thought of, but this is also very good. In the end, At least Zhao Hai no longer has to worry about this kind of thing.

After the matter was resolved this time, Wen Wenhai and the others held a combat meeting to discuss how to attack the Yasha world next. Their inner demons had gone away, and the trace of hesitation in their hearts naturally disappeared. , now they have begun to think about how to attack the Yasha world.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Wen Wenhai stood up, glanced at everyone, and then said: "I don't think I need to say more about what you are doing this time. We are preparing to attack the Yaksha Realm. Those guys They dare to sneak attack on our Blood Killing Sect. This is something we cannot bear, so we must fight back. Do you have any opinions?"

Everyone shook their heads. They had no objections. It was necessary to attack the Yaksha Realm. Things were already like this. So what else is there to say? Just do it. But you still have to have a battle plan, otherwise If so, something may go wrong. If this kind of thing really brings losses to the sect, then Zhao Hai will not let them go.

As soon as Wen Wenhai finished speaking, someone stood up. He cupped his fists at Wen Wenhai and everyone and said, "Elder Wen, everyone, I also want to tell you some good news. Our alien Zerg clan has upgraded. Our alien clan originally It takes three months of growth to become an alien Yaksha. The same goes for the Zerg, but they don’t use it now. Maybe it’s because we devoured too many Yaksha teeth in this war, so what we produce now is The alien Yaksha and the Zerg Yaksha are gone, and our combat effectiveness is also stronger."

The man standing up is of course very powerful. Just like what he said, the alien Zerg race has really evolved this time. In the past, after they produced the aliens, it took three months of growth before they could become the alien Yaksha, but now No need, what is being produced now is directly the alien Yasha. This is indeed related to their devouring Yasha teeth, and it is very important.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Shu Li said, their eyes lit up. This was definitely good news for them. They knew very well the fighting power of the alien clan. Whether it was the alien Yaksha or the Zerg Yaksha, their They are all very powerful in combat, but they have to grow for three months before they can do it. Otherwise, they have to obtain Yasha Teeth in battle before they can upgrade immediately. This greatly affects the combat effectiveness of the alien clan. , but this upgrade has solved this problem, which means that their Blood Killing Sect will have a powerful alien Yaksha army.

Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and shouted: "Okay, great, really great. Your promotion to the highest level this time is really important. You have been upgraded. For our Blood Killing Sect, it is really important." It is so important. With you, it will be easier for us to deal with those yakshas. Those yakshas can move freely within the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, but we are too affected by the power of the laws, and You are the least affected, and your upgrade this time is really good news for us."

Everyone else also nodded, but Shun Li said a little embarrassedly: "We are sorry for everyone. In the last battle, we didn't even notice that the enemy was approaching. If Elder Zhu hadn't discovered it quickly, our losses would have been great." That's a big deal. This was our fault. We will never make such a mistake again in the future. Please forgive me."

Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "This is really not your fault. I have thought about it carefully. The enemy must have used a phantom formation last time, and it was not an ordinary phantom formation. It was most likely a shadow clan. The magic array created by the power of the law is definitely not simple. It was created specifically for you, so if you didn't notice it, it's not your fault, so don't mention it anymore. ”

The others all nodded and tried to persuade Shen Li. They also knew that the only ones who could move freely within the power of the Shadow Clan's laws were the alien Zerg clan, and the Shadow Clan's power of laws was still weak. It was specifically targeted at them, so they didn't find anything. This really can't be blamed on them. After all, the alien yakshas sent out to conduct reconnaissance were not very smart people, so it was normal for them to be deceived.

Shun Li glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Although no one blames us, we really feel a little sorry for what happened this time, so I thought about it and am going to find the young master and ask him to upgrade some of our alien clan. , let our alien clan also have the abilities of those giant stone bulls. If we can really make more alien clan with the abilities of giant stone bulls, then our combat effectiveness will become extremely powerful. What do you think? ?”

Hearing what Shun Li said, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but be stunned. They really didn't expect that Shun Li would have such an idea. Just when Wen Wenhai didn't know how to answer, Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said: "Old Chen, you are wrong. By upgrading you, you can create a race of aliens with the ability of giant stone bulls, but don't forget that you have no choice but to wear our bodies and incarnate. So for you, Said, the impact is very big. If you don't do it well, you will be killed immediately. The loss will be too great. Those giant stone bulls are all undead giants. I think I will let the young master make more undead giants like that in the future. Just be a beast. There is no need to upgrade you. To be honest, you alien clan, although your combat effectiveness will become stronger after upgrading, it will be even more difficult to become a monk. This is too unfair to us. ”

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded, feeling that what Gu Yuanzheng said made sense. If they could continue to make that kind of stone giant ox, necromantic beast, it would really be unnecessary. After upgrading the alien clan, the alien clan would be If you don't open your spiritual intelligence, you won't be able to use your external avatar. At that time, if you really collide with the floating island, without the protection of your external avatar, the alien family may be killed in one go. Last time, those stone... The giant bull is a giant undead beast that can use its external avatar to protect itself. Many of them were injured and knocked unconscious directly, not to mention those without the protection of their external avatar.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "The stone giant bull was made by the young master, but the young master's time is very precious. The most important thing for him now is training. The stronger the young master is, the greater the help to our Blood Killing Sect, so We can't let the young master keep doing this kind of thing. As long as our alien family has the ability to turn into a giant stone bull, then we can directly produce a large number of such aliens. Even if they die in battle, so what? In this way, we can directly turn those aliens into undead beasts, which may be a good thing for us."

Wen Wenhai and the others were all stunned. They really didn't expect that Shu Li thought this way. After what he said, Wen Wenhai and the others were a little tempted. If that was really the case, that would be great. , so Wen Wenhai and the others nodded involuntarily, feeling that Shun Li's proposal was really good.

Gu Yuanzheng didn't expect that Shu Li would say that. After hearing what Shu Li said, he was slightly startled. Then he thought about it and nodded: "So, this idea is really a good one. But will it happen that in the end, you alien clan will not turn into Yaksha anymore, but will all turn into giant stone bulls? That won’t work. Now Yaksha is more important to us. If you can’t turn into Yaksha again, If it doesn’t, then we will suffer a big loss.”

This is what Wen Wenhai and the others are worried about. If the alien clan really turns into a giant stone bull and can no longer turn into a yaksha, then the loss will be huge for them. After all, the giant bull is within the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , but it will be greatly affected, but the Yaksha clan will not have such a big impact. Judging from the current situation, Yaksha is more useful to the Blood Killing Sect, and is much more useful than the Stone Giant Ox. .