c7185 Tragic

If you use one word to describe this war, there is only one word, tragic, extremely tragic, no one can imagine it. In the end, both sides are left with desperate efforts. The disciples of the undead clan are desperate, the alien Yaksha is desperate, and the aliens are desperate. They are fighting hard, Feitian Yaksha is fighting hard, and even the fat cow that has been made into a magic weapon is also fighting hard. And underground, the Zerg Yaksha are fighting with all their strength, the Zerg are fighting with all their strength, the Kirigakure clan finally rushes forward to fight with all their strength, and the Earthly Yaksha are also fighting with all their strength. In this bloody battle, the Zerg clan has lost more than a million disciples of the Undead Yu clan, and the aliens There are more than two million, and there are more than 100,000 alien yakshas. Some of them have just evolved and died in battle as soon as they evolved. The number of Zerg deaths has also exceeded one million, and the number of Zerg yaksha deaths has also exceeded 100,000.

As for the tens of millions of flying Yakshas who were left behind by the Yaksha clan, none of them could escape and were completely wiped out. More than a thousand Fat Ox magic weapons were damaged. The number of Earthly Yakshas killed in the battle exceeded three million, and the remaining The people below escaped. It can be said that this time the Blood Killing Sect was a great victory, but also a tragic victory.

Wen Wenhai and the others were all sitting in the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect with ugly faces. Listening to Zhu Yong's post-war summary report, their faces were very ugly. After Zhu Yong finished speaking, Wen Wenhai turned around. He looked at the crowd and said, "Let's talk, everyone. What do you have to say about this battle report?"

Everyone was silent for a while, and finally it was Gu Yuanzheng who spoke first: "It's our undead clan's fault for this matter. It's because we didn't fight well and failed to leave the enemy's floating island behind. This is our biggest mistake. , please punish Elder Wen." After saying that, he stood up, saluted to Wen Wenhai, and waited for Wen Wenhai's punishment.

Wen Wenhai looked at Gu Yuanzheng, smiled bitterly and said: "Old Gu, how can I punish you? You have done nothing wrong at all. How can I punish you? You did very well, really, very well. But this time the loss of your undead clan is too great, I’m worried that the boss will punish you, but the boss doesn’t want us to kill the clan with blood, and there will be too many casualties.”

"How could I punish them? Not only would I not punish them, but I would also reward them." Following this voice, a person walked in from outside the hall, and it was Zhao Hai. As soon as everyone saw Zhao Hai, they immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai just waved his hands, then walked into the hall and sat down on his seat. If he was not there, this seat would be empty. People dare to do it, not even Wen Wenhai. Usually in the conference room, Wen Wenhai dares to sit on the main seat, but in this hall, he absolutely does not dare to sit on the throne.

After Zhao Hai sat down, he waved his hand and said: "Okay, everyone, sit down. You don't have to be so polite." Everyone agreed, and then they sat down. Zhao Hai looked at everyone, and then turned around. After taking a look at Gu Yuanzheng, he said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Elder Gu, you did a good job, very good."

Gu Yuanzheng immediately stood up with excitement on his face and saluted Zhao Hai. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be so polite to him, so he looked very excited. Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile, then waved his hand, and Gu Yuanzheng sat down.

Zhao Hai then glanced at the others and said in a deep voice: "The undead clan suffered a great loss this time. A million people lost their lives, but I don't blame him. Do you know why? Because he made no mistakes. He didn’t make a command mistake, he didn’t let his disciples die, it was because the enemy was too strong, that’s why there was such a huge loss.”

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused, glanced at the others, and then said: "We are monks, the most powerful people in this world. We just shouldn't be afraid of any enemy, even if this enemy is Yaksha." The same is true for the whole clan. We should not be afraid of fighting the enemy desperately. Now, each of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has several lives. Not only does this not give us disciples of the Blood Killing Sect more courage to fight the enemy, On the contrary, they cherished their lives even more. I'm not saying that this approach is wrong. We can't just fight with the helpers. Our lives are precious and we can't just throw them away with the helpers. , but similarly, we cannot be afraid of the enemy. If the enemy tries his best, we will be afraid and we will retreat. Then can our Blood Killing Sect still be called the Blood Killing Sect? Can we still be regarded as monks? We have lost our courage. A monk, even if he is strong, is just a fat cow and cannot be considered a monk at all."

Having said this, Zhao Hai suddenly stood up, looked at the crowd and said: "We will encounter more powerful enemies in the future, and we will encounter various environments. If we are really in adversity, , if we really swap places with the Yaksha clan today, what will we do? Our approach will be the same as the Yaksha clan, and we will fight them desperately, because only in this way can we have a chance of survival, even if Even if we die, we will also fight for a glimmer of life for our fellow sects. This is what we must fight for. If we lose even this courage, then our blood-killing sect will not be far from defeat."

Zhao Hai suddenly felt murderous intent. He looked at everyone and said, "No matter when or where you go, don't forget that we are the Blood Killing Sect. No matter what our Blood Killing Sect has now. No matter how strong we are, no matter how good our Blood Killing Clan’s magical weapons are, you must not lose the courage to fight head-on with the enemy. We Blood Killing Clan people have lost nothing, but we must not lose our courage. Understand Yet?"

Wen Wenhai and the others all stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, and said loudly: "Yes, Sect Master." This time their voices were very loud, and at the same time they were filled with murderous aura, and everyone's temperament changed. At this moment, their bones became extremely hard, and nothing could scare them anymore.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Go, what I said before today must be told to all disciples. Everyone must understand that the Blood Killing Sect can never lose I gained courage." After saying this, Zhao Hai disappeared as soon as he moved.

In fact, Zhao Hai has wanted to say these words to Wen Wenhai and the others for a long time, but he has never had a good opportunity. Now that the opportunity has finally come, Zhao Hai naturally wants to say everything he wants to say. Although the fighting method of the undead clan this time is not the most reasonable, they are the most courageous. Just like what Gu Yuanzheng said, the undead clan has never been afraid of anyone. They have never been afraid of anyone. They are not afraid of fighting with others. Now if someone dares to use desperate methods to deal with them, they must return it. This is the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai and the others left immediately after Zhao Hai left, and then they immediately entered the real illusion. They wanted to see if what Zhao Hai said before had been included in the real illusion. Well, if it is absorbed into the real illusion, that would be the best. If it is not absorbed into the real illusion, then it is up to them to tell it, and the effect will be much worse.

Fortunately, this passage has already been included in the real illusion. Wen Wenhai and the others immediately issued a notice to let all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect enter the real illusion to read the passage and let them take a good look at it. I understand the meaning of Zhao Hai's words, because Wen Wenhai and the others have also discovered that now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, when facing the enemy, want to speak more and more simply, and want to keep the enemy at a distance more and more Deal with it from a distance, and I don’t want to fight the enemy in close combat anymore.

As Zhao Hai said, they had several lives, but these lives not only did not give them more courage, on the contrary, it made them cherish their lives more, so there is such a situation , it is not surprising, and this time Zhao Hai wants to let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect regain their courage again.

Zhao Hai's words caused a huge response in the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all worshiped Zhao Hai extremely, so Zhao Hai's words made them ponder. They began to reflect on what they had done before, and finally they discovered that what Zhao Hai said was right. They had really lost the courage to fight now. This was terrible.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have all gone through systematic training and have the experience of countless seniors for their reference. Therefore, they know very well that if they are really afraid of this desperate tactic, then slowly They will get involved in inner demons, which is very detrimental to their practice.

There are many kinds of inner demons. No one knows how the inner demons come into being, and no one knows what the inner demons are. But all monks know that once you don’t get rid of your inner demons, then when you cultivate When you reach the most critical point in your practice, your inner demon will appear, and then this inner demon will kill you. Countless monks have fallen to the backlash of their inner demons. If they really have inner demons, That would be too dangerous.

In fact, the emergence of inner demons has a lot to do with the monk's training process. The monk's training is a very lonely process. A lot of time, the monk must practice alone, especially at certain points of impact. When the time comes, it is necessary to retreat. What is retreat? To put it simply, it is like staying in a quiet room, constantly hitting your own threshold, constantly summarizing where you have made mistakes so that you can make corrections. This process is even more lonely.

Everyone is very clear that there is a method of punishment in the army called solitary confinement. There is even a method of punishment in prison, which is solitary confinement. This method of punishment is very terrible. If it is not done well, people will die. Although It is said that the hearts of monks are as hard as stone, but they are also human beings. When they are in seclusion, it is not much different from being in solitary confinement. In this environment, they are most likely to have hallucinations.

If it is an ordinary person who has hallucinations, they may eventually go crazy. But for a monk, if they have a very real and terrifying hallucination, it will kill them and make their spiritual energy lose control. That person is really finished, so the inner demon is very scary. And Zhao Hai's reminder this time was really important. He made all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect discover that they almost had inner demons.