c7181 Yaksha god

King Xiaotian raised his head and glanced at the sky. It was now completely dark. Here in the Yaksha Realm, darkness is darkness. It is truly black. There are no stars or moon. It is completely dark. , black with no light at all.

If ordinary people are in such an environment, they will definitely not get used to it, because it is too dark and cannot see anything. This kind of darkness is actually very scary. After seeing this kind of darkness, many people Everyone would be flustered and scared, but the Yaksha clan had long been accustomed to this kind of blackness, so they didn't react much. On the contrary, they still enjoyed this kind of blackness.

Commander Lingkong came to King Xiaotian and said to King Xiaotian: "Sir, do you really want to attack the Blood Killing Sect tonight? I told you before that there is a race in the Blood Killing Sect that they can absorb. The advantages of our Yaksha clan have evolved. I have seen with my own eyes that some people from those races have become like our Yaksha clan. General Dixing also said before that the Blood Killing Sect does have such abilities. They Those who have suffered great losses due to this ability, I think those blood-killing clan members who have become like our Yasha clan must be watching us from outside. If we take action, they will find out immediately and directly Just tell the people of the Blood Slaughter Sect that in that case, it will be impossible for us to make a surprise attack. If we cannot make a surprise attack on the opponent, it will be even more difficult for us to defeat the opponent."

King Xiaotian looked at Commander Lingkong, then smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, have you forgotten God Yaksha? In fact, when you came to my place, I had already received the oracle from God Yaksha, let him We must destroy the Blood Killing Sect, and he will help us, otherwise, do you think I would help you so easily?"

Upon hearing what King Xiaotian said, Commander Lingkong couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression couldn't help but change. He looked at King Xiaotian and said: "God Yaksha really gave you the oracle? From this point of view, this Blood Killing Sect , It is indeed powerful, sir, when will we attack?"

Commander Lingkong knew very well who the Yasha God was. The Yasha God was not a person. He was the law between heaven and earth, the God of Laws in the Yaksha Realm. This God of Laws would sometimes give Yasha There are some oracles of the clan, but those oracles are vague, but they will also let you know the general meaning. However, the Yasha God rarely gives them oracles. From the beginning of the Yasha clan to the present, it has also But it only happened a few times, and every time something big happened. This time he was given an oracle again, and if it was an important oracle, Commander Lingkong had to pay attention to it.

King Xiaotian laughed loudly and said: "I am afraid that if other people have received this oracle, they will also come to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. However, because I am relatively close, I have the upper hand. This time I just need to be If I can destroy the Blood Killing Sect, I will definitely get a lot of benefits, hahaha, God is helping me."

Commander Lingkong nodded vigorously. It was indeed God who helped them. If they were not so close to the Blood Killing Sect, this kind of thing would never be mentioned to them. How could they be unhappy? Commander Lingkong is no longer here. Thinking about how powerful the Blood Killing Sect was, he just wanted to fight to the death with the Blood Killing Sect now.

King Xiaotian then said: "With the Yaksha God helping us, what can those guys do even if they become the Yaksha clan? We want to take action, but they still can't see it. The Yaksha God says not to let them see it, so they won't You will see, hahaha, I really want to see what it will be like if our army suddenly appears in front of the Blood Killing Sect. I believe it will be very interesting, right? Haha Ha ha."

Marshal Lingkong's eyes were also shining. It was indeed like what King Xiaotian said. If they suddenly appeared in front of the Blood Killing Sect and the people of the Blood Killing Sect didn't know about it, then those who believed in the Blood Killing Sect would The expression on his face must be very exciting. Now Commander Lingkong really can’t wait. He immediately wants to fight with the people of the Blood Killing Sect. He really wants to see how strong the people of the Blood Killing Sect are. how.

King Xiaotian turned his head and glanced at the Yashas around him again, and then shouted loudly: "Everyone, get ready. In half an hour, the whole army will set off to raid the Blood Killing Sect." Immediately there was news from all around. There were sounds of responding to orders, and immediately there were disciples who passed on the orders, and they passed the orders directly.

Half an hour passed quickly. Following the order from King Xiaotian, the Yaksha army began to slowly move towards the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. They were confident that those who monitored them would not be discovered by the Jedi. Their whereabouts, because they are protected by the Yaksha God, will never be discovered by those people.

It is true that as King Xiaotian and the others thought, the alien Yakshas who monitored him did not notice their movements. Although those alien Yakshas could also move in this dark night, they could also monitor the Yaksha clan in this dark night. Action, but because they were affected by the power of law, they really did not notice the actions of the Yaksha clan. They even thought that the Yaksha clan had not made any move yet.

At this time, Zhu Yong was sitting in his room. Shu Li and Cang Ming were both in his room. Zhu Yong looked at the two of them and said, "Hasn't there been news about those alien yakshas yet?" Zhu Yong has always been killing people with blood. Zongli was in charge of intelligence, but now, the only ones who could get outside intelligence were the alien Zerg tribe, so he called Shu Li and Cang Ming to his room. If anything happened, he would know it immediately.

Shun Li shook his head and said: "No, Elder Zhu, do you think the Yaksha clan will not take action tonight?" Shun Li was really unsure, so he asked this question, because he had already had a It had been a while since he received any news from the alien yakshas, ​​and he could also feel that the alien yakshas were not dead, which made him a little strange.

Zhu Yong shook his head and said: "No, I believe that the Yaksha Clan will definitely take action tonight. Although we have faced off against the Yaksha Clan several times and have some upper hand, I don't believe that the Yaksha Clan will just do this. Let us go. They haven't really known how powerful we are yet, so they will never let us go. If I were the Yasha clan, I would definitely attack tonight. If the attack during the day failed, it would be more beneficial to do so at night. Of course I want to regain my position with my actions, so they will definitely take action." Zhu Yong, who has experienced hundreds of battles, has long had a strong inspiration. He believes that the Yasha clan will definitely take action tonight. When it comes to action, he is very confident.

Shu Li and Cang Ming both nodded, but everyone turned around and glanced at their own communication arrays. Their communication arrays showed no response at all, which meant that none of the alien Yakshas and Zerg Yakshas found anything. The enemy attacked, which puzzled them. It was supposed to be already this hour. If the Yasha clan wanted to attack, it would be almost time to attack. Why was there no reaction at all? This is so weird.

Zhu Yong also put down his tea cup at this time, frowned, turned to look at the two of them, and said after a while: "Please contact them, are they really not aware of anything abnormal at all? If possible, let They sent back the projection there." Zhu Yong also felt a little uneasy. This is a kind of spiritual sense that he has developed through years of fighting. It can be regarded as a sixth sense. Every time he feels this way, it is When an enemy was about to attack them, he felt this way now, but those alien yakshas said they didn't notice anything. This made Zhu Yong still sit still.

The two of them responded and immediately went to contact the Alien Yaksha and Zerg Yaksha who were watching from the front. Although actively contacting the Alien Yaksha and Zerg Yaksha like this might expose their positions, but Zhu Yong requested it, so of course they I will do this too.

After contacting the alien Yaksha, a projection immediately appeared on the powerful communication circle. Although the projection was very dark, it could still be seen. There were indeed three floating islands belonging to the Yaksha clan, as well as surroundings. The Yaksha army on the floating island did not move, and they all stayed there well.

Zhu Yong was looking at the projection at this time. He frowned in the bathroom. He felt that there was something wrong with the projection. He couldn't tell what was wrong for a while. He couldn't help but frown and looked at this carefully. Projection, his eyes were fixed on a place on the projection for a while, and he didn't move for a while, and his brows furrowed even more tightly. Then he slowly closed his eyes, as if he was thinking about something, he looked like this His performance made both Shu Li and Cang Ming a little confused, and they didn't know why he reacted like this.

After a while, Zhu Yong opened his eyes fiercely, then turned to look at a place in the projection. Then his expression couldn't help but change, and then he immediately said loudly: "No, the enemy has probably moved. Those The scouts may have been confused by the illusory array arranged by the enemy, so they did not notice the enemy moving. Quickly, inform Elder Wen and the others."

When Zhu Yong said this, both Shu Li and Cang Ming were stunned, and then they both looked at each other. They didn't know why Zhu Yong said that. Zhu Yong looked at the two people, and then he pointed to a place in the projection, He said in a deep voice: "Look here, look here, do you see it? There is a flag of the Yaksha clan here. I looked at this place before. The flag of the Yaksha clan has indeed been moving, but this flag is moving too much. There is a pattern. I only move five times in one breath, no more and no less. This is definitely not a normal situation, so I am sure now that this is just an illusion. The enemy may have moved. Quick, notify Elder Wen. Inform Elder Gu and the others to prepare for the enemy."

When Shu Li and Cang Ming heard what Zhu Yong said, their expressions changed. They immediately took out the communication array, notified Wen Wenhai and Gu Yuanzheng, and told them how they discovered that the enemy might have taken action. He told Wen Wenhai and the others so that Wen Wenhai and the others could prepare in advance. To be honest, Shu Li and Cang Ming were not as careful as Zhu Yong. If Zhu Yong hadn't pointed out the flaw in the illusion, they would have never been able to discover it.