c7188 raid

Although I haven't seen these aliens take action yet, just looking at the shapes of these aliens, I can already imagine how powerful these aliens are. So when I saw these aliens, Shu Li started to attack the Blood Killing Sect. After an attack, he became more confident, but he did not stop, and still let the cave continue to produce aliens, because he knew very well that only by producing more aliens could they fight against the floating Yasha clan. island.

Shun Li also told Wen Wenhai and others about the situation of the new aliens. Wen Wenhai and the others even came to see the situation of the new aliens in person. It was precisely because of seeing the situation of these aliens that Wen Wenhai and the others became more confident. Well, in fact, before these aliens appeared, Wen Wenhai and the others were already very confident, because they knew very well that what Zhao Hai made was good.

After solving the problem of this new alien, the preparations for the Blood Killing Sect have also entered the final stage of preparation. Especially Gu Yuanzheng and the others have now begun to prepare. Now their combat effectiveness is even more powerful. With those thousand stones Giant Bull, Gu Yuanzheng believes that they will have no problem even if they face a floating island. You must know that the last time they faced three floating islands, in the end they were not able to completely slow down the speed of the floating island. Slowed down.

And they don't just have these giant stone bulls. Speaking of which, the magic square array of 100 million people arranged by the Necromancer clan is the fastest. You must know that the magic cube array was first used, but it was on them that the magic cube was added. They have always been commanded by Laura and the others, so in terms of the layout of the Rubik's Cube, he is much better than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this that the Ancient Expedition is very important to them. The undead clan is very confident.

Five days later, Wen Wenhai summoned everyone to the hall at once. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "I have called everyone here today. There is only one thing I want to tell you. , that is our attack on the Yasha clan, the attack plan has been completed by the staff, please take a look at it first."

After saying this, Wen Wenhai gave a jade slip in his hand to Chang Jun. After Chang Jun looked at it, he gave the jade slip to the people next to him. In this way, the jade slip was passed around in the hands of everyone, and finally returned to him. In Wen Wenhai's hands, the monk could see the jade slips very quickly, so even if everyone saw the jade slips, it wouldn't take long.

After everyone had seen the jade slips, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "Do you have any opinions?" Wen Wenhai had seen this plan before, and it was very well made, in the style of the Blood Killing Sect. , working steadily and step by step, Wen Wenhai is actually very satisfied with this plan.

Everyone shook their heads, and Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "The plan is very good. Now we can say that our Blood Killing Sect has absolute strength. We only need to push it flatly. The last time we let the opponent's three floating islands... If we run away, I believe that the opponent will not dare to attack us in a short period of time. This is a good opportunity for us to attack."

Everyone nodded. At this moment, Shu Li suddenly stood up and said to everyone: "Everyone, we are afraid that he guessed wrong this time. The army of the Yasha clan has already rushed a hundred miles away from us. They are still focusing on the three floating islands. This time they are charging with all their strength. The speed is very fast. I believe they will reach the base of our Blood Killing Sect in less than a quarter of an hour. Everyone should hurry up and prepare. Bar."

Hearing what Shu Li said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but be startled. Then his face couldn't help but change, and he snorted coldly: "Okay, these guys still dare to come, come on, just let us see, they What else can they do? This time we must make it impossible for them to come back."

Everyone also stood up. Wen Wenhai turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said, "Lao Gu, be prepared. Baiyan, you should be prepared too. Shu Li, how many stone giant bull aliens are there now?" Wen Wenhai was very surprised. It is clear that the last time the opponent's floating island charge has caused them a lot of trouble, if they don't have enough power to resist this time, there will be even greater trouble.

Shun Li said: "There are already five hundred and sixty, and they can go to the battlefield at any time." Shun Li and the others have only just made five days of new aliens, and they can only produce more than a hundred in one day. , he never stopped producing, and only produced more than 500 heads in five days.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It's almost enough. Bring them all up to me, Elder Jiu Suan, and immediately organize the disciples to release large energy beasts. The more the better, but hurry. We don't have much time." "Everyone responded, and then they all turned and left.

Wen Wenhai also walked out of the hall at this time. He came outside and took a look at the situation outside. When he saw that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were moving, he felt relieved. And this Shi Baiyan also came to Wen Wenhai and asked Wen Wenhai to go to the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Their Blood Killing Battle Fort would not be on the front line, because if it was a head-on confrontation, the Blood Killing Battle Fort would never be the leader. The opponent of the floating island.

Now the people of the Yasha clan are using the huge size and powerful impact of the floating island to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. This is also their biggest advantage. Judging from the current situation, the Blood Killing Sect has never been here. Unless Xuanwu Island attacks, other things have no chance of winning when facing the floating island one-on-one.

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun both arrived at the Blood Killing Battle Fort. They did not belong to the front line. They could be said to be the last line of defense in front of the base shield, so there was nothing to worry about. But just as they arrived at the Blood Killing Battle Fort, Before the Blood Killing Castle was opened, in the Blood Killing Sect's base, a wave of shadow clan law power was seen ten miles away, and then three floating islands appeared. These three floating islands were straight. He rushed towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect very fast. In front of these three floating islands, there were many fat cows and eight-legged cows. All of these cows had iron chains hanging on their bodies. Then the floating islands Move forward, but this time they are not taking back the eight-legged cow, but rushing straight towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

Gu Yuanzheng sat on the head of a giant undead beast, looked at the enemy army, snorted coldly, and then he shouted: "Energy beast, charge, giant stone bull, giant stone bull, aliens, get ready, all undead giants The beasts are ready, all the magic formations are in place, summon energy beasts, keep summoning energy beasts, hurry up."

Following his order, countless energy beasts rushed towards the fat cows and eight-legged cows. However, those fat cows and eight-legged cows seemed to have not seen them and kept rushing forward. , collided head-on with the energy behemoth, many fat cows and eight-legged cows were all knocked away, but there were still some eight-legged cows and fat cows, and then went to the floating island to attack the Blood Killing Sect. The base rushed over.

At this time, the giant stone bulls and alien aliens also began to charge. Their bodies were all covered with a thick layer of stone armor, and they rushed forward like huge stone cannonballs. In the past, at the same time, all the undead behemoths also wrapped themselves in a thick layer of armor, and rushed after them, and in the Rubik's Cube composed of disciples of the undead clan, There were still countless energy beasts flying out of their Rubik's Cube formation and rushing towards the floating island.

The impact of those giant stone bulls is definitely not comparable to that of ordinary fat bulls, let alone those of octagonal bulls. However, the speed of those alien giant stone bulls is even much stronger than that of giant stone bulls. He was also charging forward, and his charging speed had exceeded that of the giant stone bull.

Boom, boom, boom, boom, bursts of loud noises came, and then the fat cows and eight-legged cows were directly knocked out by the giant stone alien. Then, the giant stone alien hit hard. The floating island was then severely ejected by the floating island, and the floating island was also hit with rocks flying everywhere.

Then the stone bullet turned by the giant bull also hit the floating island hard. Although it was still bounced away, the speed of the floating island, which had no power, still slowed down, but it did not stop. And at the speed of the floating island, I am afraid that it will soon hit the shield of the Blood Killing Sect base.

At this time, the undead giant beasts and energy beasts behind them all rushed over. They also hit the floating island hard. The floating island was still shaking, although the speed was faster. Slower, but still without any intention of stopping.

At this time, countless energy behemoths collided towards the floating island. These energy behemoths were all summoned by the 100 million-person Rubik's Cube formation formed by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Their power was huge. It was also very powerful. This impact caused the speed of the floating island to slow down.

At this time, the Blood Killing Battle Fort has also formed a line of defense in front of the base. This line of defense is a bit special. All the Blood Killing Battle Forts have stretched out their iron chain tentacles, and then let these iron chain tentacles get entangled in them. Together, like a dam, they lie in front of the Blood Slaughter Sect base.

At this time, the speed of the three floating islands has been very slow, but they are still moving forward, and they are getting closer and closer to the Blood Killing Battle Fortress. It seems that they will collide with the Blood Killing Battle Fortress soon. Wen Wenhai, who was standing on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, looked at the three floating islands with a calm face, his eyes flashing with murderous intent. If these three floating islands really destroyed the Blood Killing Sect's base, he would He must kill all the Yaksha clan on these three floating islands and sink all three floating islands in order to relieve the hatred in his heart.

To be honest, Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that the other party would be so bold and dare to attack them all at once. You must know that they killed a lot of Yashas last time. If the other party hadn't stayed If those Yakshas were cut off, it would be impossible for them to escape. Under such circumstances, the other party dared to come back in such a short period of time. This was indeed beyond their expectations. It can be said that the other party was so The assault was very successful, but unfortunately, they still underestimated the strength of the Blood Killing Sect.