c7182 Undead Behemoth

After Wen Wenhai received Chen Li's report, he was stunned for a moment, and then his face became a little solemn, but he just said softly: "I know." He hung up the communication with Chen Li, and then immediately He called Chang Jun into his room. When Chang Jun came to him, he directly wrote a letter to Gu Yuanzheng and told Gu Yuanzheng the news, but he didn't expect that Gu Yuanzheng had already found out from Cang Ming. Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief at this news.

When Chang Jun arrived at Wen Wenhai's room, Wen Wenhai was communicating with Bai Yan, telling Bai Yan that the Yasha clan might have come to attack, so that Bai Yan could prepare energy beasts to respond to the enemy at any time. After he ended the call, he turned to Chang Jun, who was sitting in front of him with a solemn expression, and smiled bitterly: "I really didn't expect that the enemy would use the phantom formation this time. It's amazing, it's amazing. "

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Fortunately, Lao Zhu is smart. Otherwise, we really don't know. Although those alien yakshas have the same abilities as the yaksha clan, they have not developed their spiritual intelligence and are too easy to suffer. This is our fault." It’s a shortcoming, but unfortunately, it’s probably impossible to make up for this shortcoming in a short time.”

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "It's not that simple. I think that this time the Yaksha clan was able to use illusions to confuse those alien Yakshas. It must have something to do with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. If it is not the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, If you take action, if the Yasha clan wants to create such a big illusion, it will definitely not be achieved in a short time, so you must be careful."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, we must be careful. With an intelligent race like the Yaksha Clan as an opponent, and coupled with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws that are full of malice towards us, the Yaksha Clan can It is really difficult to deal with, but it is also really strange. We have just arrived in the Yaksha Realm. Why does the power of the Shadow Clan Law here come to deal with us? Does he know that we have been against them? "

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "It's not impossible. This is a closed interface. It should have been impossible for the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to exist here, but now it does. So the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here is Where does it come from? So I think that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws must be able to pass through the space channel. If the power of the Shadow Clan's laws can really pass through the space channel, then the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here will be Knowing that we have been dealing with them, it is not surprising that they will regard us as their biggest enemy."

Chang Jun frowned and thought for a while, and finally nodded: "You are right, this possibility is very huge, then it will be even more troublesome, because we have to face the protection of the law of the Shadow Clan. An intelligent race, this is definitely not an easy task, we must be more careful."

"Haha, there is actually no need to worry so much." Wen Wenhai suddenly smiled and said: "Don't forget that the Shadow Clan we deal with has always been protected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Don't we still have to do it again and again? Have you defeated them? Do you think the Yasha clan here will be more difficult to deal with than the Shadow clan? We have underestimated the enemy before and did not understand what kind of race these Yashas are, but now we must face it. We must treat them and the Shadow Clan as equal enemies."

Chang Jun nodded and said solemnly: "Yes, they must be treated as the Shadow Clan. Although they may not have as many methods as the Shadow Clan, these Yashas are not weak. If we don't pay attention to them, That will be a big loss. Let's go to the command hall. If there is really any battle, we will know it immediately there. If it doesn't work, we must ask Master Xuanwu to take action. .”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and the two of them walked towards the command hall together. As soon as they arrived at the command hall, they heard a burst of sirens. Wen Wenhai turned around and found that the sound of the shadow report was coming from a projection. Yes, that projection is the projection returned from a projection array placed about thirty miles outside their base. From that projection, you can clearly see that the army of the Yasha clan is coming towards them. The three A floating island is also inside, and it is rushing forward with all its strength, very fast.

As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai let out a long breath and said: "It's really here, let everyone get ready." The people in the command hall immediately responded and went directly to pass the order. Here in the hall, no matter it is day or night, there are always people guarding here, and any situation will be reported immediately. Therefore, when Wen Wenhai arrives at the command hall, he can immediately issue orders, and the various teams of the Blood Killing Sect will also be on duty immediately. Reacting in an instant is something that the Blood Killer Sect has only been able to achieve for so many years. This will make their command system more convenient and flexible.

At this time, the ancient expedition was also ready, but he was not nervous at all now. Instead, he looked at the fat cows standing in front of him with some excitement. These fat cows should now be called thin cows. Yes, their bodies don't look fat. On the contrary, they are very thin, as if they are skin and bones.

However, the bodies of these cows are still very huge, and they are all covered with armor. The silver armor is draped on their bodies, which makes them very conspicuous. This makes these people who are so thin that only their bones are left, have a sense of appearance. There was a sense of power, which was very strange, as if these cows were the mounts of the God of Death, which made people feel scared.

These cows have three horns and eight legs, which makes them faster and more powerful, and their eight legs have flames coming out, even if his legs are wrapped in armor, The flame was burning on the outside of the armor, but it seemed to have no effect on the armor.

These cows are the giant bulls that Zhao Haixin gave to their undead clan. Zhao Hai originally didn’t want to take out these giant cows so quickly. He wanted to let the Blood Killing Sect cultivate them themselves, so that no one would suspect these cows. But then he discovered a problem that made him laugh and cry, that is, there seems to be no special department for cultivating this kind of monsters in the Blood Killing Sect. Even the Shenji Hall does not care about this. Zhao Hai was stunned for a while, and finally he could only smile bitterly. Only then did he realize that he seemed to have thought too simply.

In the end, Zhao Hai had no choice but to take out these cows directly, but at the same time, he also asked Laura and the others to establish such a department in the Blood Killing Sect. This department is now under the command of Laura and the others for the time being. It is managed by the logistics department and there is no way. There are still too few talents in this area.

Then Zhao Hai asked Hu Wei and all the planters to separate from Shenji Hall and reorganize a department specializing in plant improvement. This department was also managed by the Logistics Department and was a branch of the Logistics Department. Tang, the same as the newly established monster department.

One of these two departments is called the War Beast Department and the other is called the Spiritual Planting Department. They were all drawn from the Shenji Hall and formed by disciples who were interested in these two aspects. In addition, some of the sect members were added. Other disciples who were interested in these two departments eventually formed these two departments.

If the Blood Killing Sect was developing towards magic circles and magic weapons in the past, then now the Blood Killing Sect has begun to have its own biological research department, which specializes in researching various creatures, including animals and plants. Although Now they are two small halls, but the shelves have been erected.

However, the strength of these two departments is still too weak now. If they want these two ministers to do something, they need a lot of support from the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, there will be no chance. However, these two There is no need to worry about the operation of the hall, and they also have a lot of work to do. Zhao Hai also gave them a lot of information for them to research.

After Zhao Hai improved this fat cow, he turned it into a giant undead beast, and he put it on the battlefield. This kind of fat cow belongs to the clan of giant undead beasts. The reason why he wants to turn them into giant undead beasts is It's because these fat cows are actually some failures after Zhao Hai's experiment. It's not that these fat cows have any big shortcomings, no, it's mainly because these fat cows are not as strong as Zhao Hai expected.

According to Zhao Hai's expectation, after these fat cows are cultivated, they must have strong defense, great strength, strong attack power, be able to attack with spells, and have internal space. This is what he wants A fat cow bred. But now this kind of fat cow has very strong attack power, can also attack with spells, has very strong defense, and is even more powerful. However, these fat cows have no inner space, which does not meet Zhao Hai's requirements. , so Zhao Hai turned these fat cows into undead behemoths, because after they turned into undead behemoths, they would have inner space and become more powerful.

Zhao Hai has produced a thousand of these fat cows in total, and now they are all placed on the front line. The command of the Guigu expedition, in fact, if we really count, is under the command of Laura, and the most important thing is that these fat cows are changing. After becoming a clan of undead giant beasts, it is equivalent to opening up spiritual wisdom and being able to use external incarnations. This is the most important thing.

The Necromancer clan is a very special race. They were all powerful monsters during their lifetime. It can be said that their starting point is much higher than that of the monks. It is precisely because of this that these Necromancer clan , are very powerful. After they turned into undead beasts, they were also very powerful, and they also opened spiritual intelligence. However, they cannot transform into human forms, but their strength and wisdom are no worse than those of monks, so Their clan also has a high status among the undead clan. Even Zhao Hai values ​​them very much.

However, the Necromancer clan is usually very low-key. Although they are a large branch of the Necromancer clan, they are very low-key. They rarely do anything and rarely make their own voices. They all acted together with the birth of the dead souls, and they were absolutely Zhao Hai's, and their behavior style also made Zhao Hai like them even more.