c7199 method

Everyone shook their heads and said nothing. They had said almost everything they needed to say. Now they only knew so much about those Yashas. To be honest, they were even more curious now. Originally, they thought that Yashas The hierarchy of the clan should be ordinary Yaksha, Earthly Yaksha, and Flying Yaksha. Such a hierarchy is higher than the previous one, but now it seems that this is not the case. .

If the yakshas in this city are really controlled by those flying yakshas, ​​will those flying yakshas allow the air forbidden circle to exist in this city? The strongest attack method of those flying yakshas is to use floating islands to collide, but if they have such a forbidden air formation, then there is no way to bring out the role of floating islands, and there is no way for flying yakshas to use Their flying advantage is used to deal with those ordinary yakshas. In this way, the flying yakshas have no advantage at all in front of those ordinary yakshas. So, will such ordinary yakshas still listen to the flying yakshas? Obviously it's impossible, so there seems to be something wrong with their hierarchical classification of the Yasha clan.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai and the others found that they knew too little about the Yaksha clan. Although they saw things about the Yaksha clan from the Buddhist scriptures that Zhao Hai took out, that was only in the Buddhist scriptures. The introduction is not very detailed, and the Yaksha here is completely different from the Yaksha in the Buddhist scriptures. If they completely believed in the introduction in the Buddhist scriptures, they would not even know how they died in the end.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai really wants to know more about the Yaksha tribe here in the Yaksha world, how much ability they have, how far they can use the magic circle, and how far they can use it. How many races are there, what is their fighting power, how strong are the masters among them, how many kinds of monsters and magic weapons they have, these are all they want to know, but unfortunately, It is difficult to collect this information, because they have now become the public enemies of the Yasha clan, and it is absolutely impossible for the Yasha clan to tell them this information.

Now they know that the Yaksha clan is divided into ordinary Yaksha, earthly Yaksha, and flying Yaksha. Recently, a kind of Yaksha who can become invisible has appeared. And they have many types of magical weapons that can fly out to fight the enemy. They have bed slaves that can attack from a distance. Although the attack power is not weak, it is not weak either. Their magic circle technique is very strong and can create forbidden objects. They can create empty magic formations, phantom formations, and powerful mountain-protecting formations. These all show that their magic formation skills are very strong. As for the masters among them, their strength is definitely not weak. They can escape from the attacks of Ding Chunming and others. This in itself shows their strength, so you need to be extra careful when facing them.

When he saw that no one was speaking, Wen Wenhai said: "Now we don't know much about the Yaksha clan, but it's not too little. To be honest, since we entered the Yaksha realm, the Yaksha clan has surprised us. , it has never stopped. They have floating islands, they have eight-legged cows, they also have fat cow magical weapons, they have earthly yakshas, ​​they have flying yakshas, ​​and they still have magical weapons. From this situation It seems that the Yasha clan has formed its own training system, but we still don’t know what their training system is based on. Is it based on magic formations, exercises, or the body? Lord, it is still developing in an all-round way, but one thing is certain, that is, the Yasha clan is also implementing military management."

Everyone nodded and agreed with Wen Wenhai's statement. When they fought against those Yashas before, they already knew that the Yasha clan was managed militarically. They had their own unique battle formations, and it could be seen that they The battle formations are also summarized from actual combat, so they are very practical. It can be seen from these that they are implementing military management.

Wen Wenhai then said: "We must not underestimate the situation of the Yasha clan. In this battle, we encountered various situations. This is a test for us, but at the same time, it is also a good thing. Son, through this battle, we can better understand the combat effectiveness of the Yasha clan."

Having said this, Wen Wenhai paused for a moment, and then said: "Although we fought with the Yaksha clan today, we have not really fought with the Yaksha clan yet. I think we cannot let go of this opportunity. We will not attack them tomorrow." Today's battle may also be a wake-up call for the enemy. They may make some adjustments. For example, their phantom formation is not very strong. For example, their shield is not very strong either. And we can also see the situation in the city, which they can adjust, and we can use this opportunity to use our formation-breaking technique to break their formation. In the process, we This will give us a better understanding of how far their formation skills have reached, and this will provide us with a reference, so I think that instead of violently breaking the formation, it is better to use our formation breaking skills to break the formation, what do you think?" The reason why Wen Wenhai said this was because he had absolute confidence in the magic circle technique of Blood Killing, so he dared to do this. He just wanted to collect more information about the Yasha clan by attacking this city. Be prepared for them to attack the Yasha clan in the future, so as not to suffer greater losses when encountering this situation in the future.

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, they couldn't help but be stunned, and then they all fell into deep thought. They really didn't expect that Wen Wenhai wanted to do this. They are also very clear that the Blood Killing Sect now needs to know more about the Yaksha Clan, but they have no way to learn more about the Yaksha Clan. They are not welcome here, not only by the Yaksha Clan, but also by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so they will never be able to understand the Yaksha Clan in a gentle way, no matter it is Neither the Yaksha Clan nor the Shadow Clan's power of law would allow them to do this.

The reason why they want to know about the Yaksha Clan is because the Yaksha Clan is a kind of race, unlike the Snake World, the Sound Wave World, or the Black and White Battlefield. The Black and White Battlefield is where the monks and the Shadow Clan compete, so it does not count. Inside, the enemies that appear in the Sonic Realm and the Snake Realm are almost all relatively rigid enemies. To put it bluntly, they are illusions and tests of the law.

But the Yaksha tribe is different. The Yaksha tribe is an independent race. Although they are also made by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, they have their own unique civilization, their own training system, and their own wisdom. , such a race has become their enemy, they cannot ignore it. Don't forget that such a race is also supported by the power of law. Although the Blood Killing Sect is powerful, but against such a race, it will be difficult. You must be absolutely careful, otherwise you will definitely suffer.

Moreover, Wen Wenhai and the others have only now figured out that it is not only the power of laws of the Yasha clan and the Shadow clan that are hostile to them here. In fact, even the original power of laws in the space may not be enough for them. If you go there with kindness, don't forget that this place was made by the great power to test the disciples.

Testing disciples in the world of cultivation is different from ordinary examinations. Sometimes the tests are very cruel. Therefore, the original power of laws in this space may not be enough for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Friends will go there, so they are actually facing three powerful enemies now. In this case, if they can't get to know the Yaksha clan better and understand this space, then they may really be You will suffer a big loss.

Thinking of this, everyone couldn't help but raise their heads and said in unison: "Agree." Although their answers were very simple, Wen Wenhai already understood what they meant. They agreed with his approach, which was to use Their technology destroyed the shields and phantom formations outside the city, so that they could better understand the level of the Yasha clan's magic formations.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, as long as everyone agrees, then I have nothing to say. This time we are not in a hurry, and we will slowly break through the city's mountain-protecting formation. Okay, but we can't give up reconnaissance. Starting tomorrow, the alien Yaksha's reconnaissance range will bypass this city. We can't just regard the people in this city as our enemies. Now we are the enemies of the entire Yaksha clan. , the Yaksha clan will not let us go, let alone King Xiaotian and others who were defeated by us before, but they left a floating island here."

Shu Li immediately responded. He understood what Wen Wenhai meant and went around the city to conduct reconnaissance, lest other Yasha tribes come to attack them without them knowing about it. This is absolutely not possible, so they must be careful. , and at the same time, the scope of reconnaissance must be expanded at once.

Wen Wenhai glanced at Shu Li and Cang Ming and said in a deep voice: "Although what Lao Gu put forward before was just a hypothesis, we must not be careful. After a while, I will ask the ladies for instructions and let them give orders. Bring some magical weapons to all the alien yakshas to avoid falling into the enemy's trap."

Shu Li and Cang Ming both responded. They knew very well that if the enemy really controlled the alien Yasha but they didn't know it yet, it would be very dangerous for the Blood Killing Sect, so they must be careful. , it is absolutely necessary to take appropriate precautions.

Wen Wenhai then said: "Although it is impossible for us to truly understand the power structure of the Yasha clan now, it is very necessary to understand their strength and their magic circle skills first. Now we can also We cannot directly regard the Yaksha clan as a divided alliance of small forces, but we must regard them as a large force, a whole. We must be prepared to face the entire Yaksha clan. In this case Next, the production of the previous iron balls is very necessary. If we really have to face the entire Yasha clan, then we will definitely face the floating islands many times in the future, so we must do it in advance. Prepare."