c7194 Prepare to attack

Some people may find it strange that they cannot understand the various conditions of the world, so why are you still practicing in the world? Could it be that just by managing a sect like the Blood Killing Sect, one could experience all kinds of things in the world? This is obviously impossible. In the Blood Killing Sect, when you are in management, besides feeling tired, you probably can’t feel anything else, right? Then what kind of management is there?

In fact, in the Blood Killing Sect, there are many things to deal with. It is impossible for a large sect with tens of billions to have no contradictions at all. That is unrealistic. In the process of dealing with these things, they will learn a lot. I learned a lot of things, which is very important for monks.

Why is it always said that practice in joining the world is very important? Because all monks will encounter one thing, that is the inner demon, and the appearance of inner demons is of various kinds. He will always appear in your weakest link. If you have no experience in worldly practice at all, If so, then when your inner demon arises, it will create an illusion for you, pull you into the illusion, and allow you to appreciate the various aspects of life.

Life and death, birth, old age, illness and death, great sorrow and great joy, love, hatred, and resentment, you can experience everything in this illusion. If you have no experience in the world at all, how can you get out of this illusion? If you have been obsessed with fantasy, you are going crazy, which is very dangerous.

It is precisely because of this that there are many disciples in the Blood Killing Sect who are willing to do these management tasks. In this management work, they will meet all kinds of people and see all kinds of people. Things, and their experience in dealing with these things is actually a process of practice, which also gives them a certain ability to resist when encountering such inner demons in the future.

As for Shenji Hall, although they had carried out reforms, they did not give up their mission. In just three days, they produced thousands of the iron balls that Chang Jun talked about. These iron balls It is really huge, each one is about a thousand meters in diameter. This seems very scary. How can you make such a big iron ball? In fact, for monks, this is really too simple. Especially for monks with metals like blood gold, it is even simpler. One person stimulates the blood gold and makes him grow crazily, while the other A person can just put magic formulas into a metal ball, and a metal ball like this does not need too many magic formulas at all, as long as it can fly and control.

Of course, for the disciples of Shenji Hall, it would be too shameless if that was all. Although they also knew that speed was needed to make this kind of iron ball, they could still add some magic tricks into it. , and it won’t waste any time, because it’s really easy for them.

In the end, the disciples of Shenji Hall really added a new magic formula to the metal ball, which is the gravity magic formula. As long as the iron ball hits something, it will add a layer of gravity to that thing. , this will affect the flying speed of that thing, and for a big guy like the floating island, if enough gravity is added to it, it may make the floating island fall directly to the ground. So they added this trick to the iron ball.

When refining the weapon, the magic formula added to the magic weapon is actually a magic circle, but this magic circle is directly inserted into the magic weapon in the form of magic formula. All magic weapons are Only a strong person like Zhao Hai can do this. It is possible to carve the magic circle directly on the magic weapon. Ordinary monks will not do this.

There are many reasons for not doing this, one of the most important reasons is that it is too difficult to carve a magic circle directly on a magic weapon, and it takes a lot of time, mental power, and mana. There are many things that ordinary monks can't do, so almost no one will do it.

However, when making large magic weapons, the magic circle is usually engraved on the magic weapon. This is why large magic weapons are more difficult to make, and why the incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect is The reason why it is an epoch-making product is because the body can be enlarged, and after the volume becomes larger, more magic circles must be engraved inside, and the magic circles must be changed according to one's own needs. If If you really let people carve it bit by bit, it would be a waste of time, and it would be better not to use the external incarnation.

But the Blood Killing Sect has such a thing as a light brain, and their external incarnation is equivalent to a part of their body, just like people control their own hands. You can move your fingers however you want. You can hold anything you want with your hands, so external incarnation has become the standard for all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Big iron balls like the one proposed by Chang Jun this time don't need those things at all, and they don't need much ability at all. Their only function is to block the floating island, and their function is very simple. So there is no need to be so careful. As long as he can fly, as long as he can hit, as long as he can add gravity to the opponent's body, it will be fine. This is a magic circle that is required by ordinary small magic weapons. It is still countless times less, so it is naturally very simple to make.

The iron ball is ready, not to mention the other things. The allied forces of the alien and undead tribe are also ready. The Blood Killing Sect is ready to start a new round of attack. Wen Wenhai knows now. After the iron balls had been made, preparations began. He directly handed all the iron balls into the hands of Gu Yuanzheng and the others. Because they were forwards, only by handing these iron balls to them could they play a greater role. Useful.

After doing this, Wen Wenhai summoned everyone to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect. He glanced at everyone in the main hall, and then said: "This attack is very important to us. , I hope everyone can pay attention to it, is there no problem?"

Everyone responded in unison: "No problem, please don't worry, Elder Wen." Of course they knew that this attack was very important, because this time they attack, they are likely to encounter the full resistance of the Yasha clan, and they can only win. After this battle, they began to officially attack the Yaksha Realm. The two previous expansions were not counted because they did not encounter any resistance at that time and could not be considered an attack at all.

Wen Wenhai then said: "We have fought against the Yaksha Clan a few times. I think everyone knows the strength of the Yaksha Clan. From the last few fights, it can be said that we have not really fought against the Yaksha Clan many times. , Although we all won, I believe everyone knows what happened. The strength of the Yaksha Clan must not be underestimated. When we fought against the Yaksha Clan before, we suffered a lot of losses, so we must be careful."

Everyone knows that Wen Wenhai is talking about the last time he fought with the Yaksha clan. The last time the Yaksha clan stayed behind to break up the army, they all launched an attack on them without fear of death. In the end, they suffered losses. , but it was much larger than expected. If they were not careful this time, the loss would not be too small.

Wen Wenhai turned to look at Gu Yuanzheng and Shu Li again, and said in a deep voice: "You are still the main force in this attack. Elder Cang Ming, your underground team must also follow suit. Don't take it lightly. The enemy is very likely to follow." They are attacking us underground, but as for the ground team, Baiyan, I will leave it to you to take charge of the bloody battle in the fort."

Several people all responded. Wen Wenhai looked at the time and then said solemnly: "Everyone is ready, so I won't say more. Attack on time tomorrow, let's take action." Everyone responded, Then they all stood up and walked out. They had to make final preparations. After all, they would attack tomorrow.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai let out a sigh of relief. At this moment, he heard Zhao Hai's voice: "Not bad, Wen Hai, you are looking more and more like a commander now. "With this voice, Zhao Hai has appeared next to Wen Wenhai.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Zhao Hai, he immediately saluted to Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, you are joking. You are trying to push me to the top. I can't help it. I believe that if you command me, boss, you will definitely be better than me." The one who directs better." Wen Wenhai has a very good relationship with Zhao Hai, so when he talks to Zhao Hai, he is also very casual. Although he respects Zhao Hai enough, he does not act in front of Zhao Hai. Will put on a trembling look.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "You are already very good at commanding. Every commander is made by fighting. No one can become a commander by just learning. What you are doing now is already very good, making suggestions." , as long as the staff team is here, you just need to point out the officers well and give good command."

Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai then said: "In my opinion, the Yaksha Realm is not difficult to deal with, but they should have more masters here, so the improvement of your strength is the most important. Wen Hai, have you learned the magic machine?" This is the purpose of Zhao Hai coming to Wen Wenhai. He is going to tell a few people in the Blood Killing Sect, masters like Wen Wenhai, the secrets of the magic machine and formation skills. , should know this, this is very good for them.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned, then he shook his head and said: "No, I have only seen the divine machine, not learned it, what's wrong? Do you want me to learn the divine machine? My current skills have basically been finalized. Isn’t it a bit late to learn the magic technique?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "In a short while, you have to start learning the magic machine now. The combination of the magic machine and the formation skills will be very beneficial to you. I won't tell you what the benefits are. You can take your time." It takes time to realize it, but there are many benefits anyway, so go ahead and learn.”

Although Wen Wenhai didn't understand why Zhao Hai had to let him learn the divine machine, he had unreserved trust in Zhao Hai, so he immediately agreed. For him, learning the divine machine was really nothing. , he can learn skills like Shenji at any time. With his current status, there is really no skill that he cannot learn in the Blood Killing Sect.