c7190 win

A shield blocked Temuyu, and Commander Lingkong's voice came: "Sir, leave quickly, it doesn't matter even if we give up on this floating island. As long as we can leave, there will be a day when we can make a comeback. Come quickly, sir." "After saying that, he slashed at the monk like a knife.

King Xiaotian had regained his breath at this time. He glanced at the gathering of more and more Blood Killing Sect disciples and knew that they really couldn't leave if they didn't leave at this time, so he immediately shouted: "Get out, Team Gale is behind." After saying that, he turned around and flew straight to the outside of the floating island.

Marshal Ling Tian protected King Xiaotian, and the two of them rushed outward. At the same time, more and more Feitian Yaksha gathered around them. There was also a group of Feitian Yaksha, but they were heading straight towards the Blood Killing Sect. The people rushed over and entangled those who attacked the Blood Killing Sect.

The people who took action from the Blood Killing Sect this time were none other than Ding Chunming, Sheng Si and Fa Jing, the specially trained disciples of the Blood Killing Sect led by them. These people were all very powerful. They were the main attackers, plus the Five Elements The killing dragon suddenly took action at the critical moment, breaking through the protective formation of the floating island in one fell swoop, and invaded the floating island.

But at this time, the desperate attacks of those flying yakshas also entangled them, which also gave King Xiaotian a chance. He seemed to be about to fly to the outside of the floating island, but he was When they flew to a courtyard on the edge of the floating island, they fell down immediately. Then there was a flash of light in the courtyard. King Xiaotian and the others had disappeared into the courtyard. The next moment they had appeared in another courtyard. In the courtyard of the floating island.

At this time, the speed of the floating island also slowly increased. However, those who participated in the interception of the floating island before the Blood Killer Sect had not slowed down yet, so they could not stop the floating island from starting. , in the end, except for the floating island that was breached by the mountain protection formation, the other two floating islands were all not included in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. However, the remaining floating island was killed by the Blood Killing Sect. Later disciples were surrounded, and all the eight-legged oxen pulling the island were killed, and the island naturally stopped.

When Ding Chunming and the others killed the last flying yaksha, they were about to go to the floating island to take a closer look. However, they did not expect that the floating island began to emit bursts of black smoke. The sky island was in the black smoke, slowly disappearing.

When they saw this situation, Ding Chunming and the others were stunned at first, and then became furious. They really didn't expect that this floating island was created by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and was created by the Shadow Clan. People are the same thing, so how can they not be angry? They really can't understand how the power of the Shadow Clan's laws created this floating island, and how it controls it. Why would this floating island disappear after they killed the last Yaksha?

And this floating island is really weird. When they blocked the impact of this floating island before, the floating island behaved like an ordinary floating island, without anything special. Like a stone bullet turned into a giant stone bull, when it hits the floating island, gravel will fly out from the floating island. Everything is so real, but now it turns directly into light smoke. This is terrible.

Although they were very angry, no matter what, they still won this battle. Ding Chunming and the others also returned to the Xuanwu space, leaving only other ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples to clean the battlefield there, and Wen Wenhai At that time, all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect were gathered into the main hall at once.

After everyone arrived and sat down in the hall, Wen Wenhai turned his head and glanced at Zhu Yong. Zhu Yong nodded, stood up, and said in a deep voice: "We have killed a total of 12,300 disciples in this battle. Fifty-eight people, more than 7,000 of them were members of the Necro clan. Those giant stone alien aliens were all killed. Now they have become the Necro clan. More than a thousand of the giant Necro beasts were destroyed. There are still many injured disciples. These injured disciples were all injured when they hit the floating island. It will take some time to recover. The puppet disciples also suffered some injuries. The power of the soul was somewhat damaged and is recovering. We killed more than 350,000 enemies in total, destroyed more than 300 of the enemy's fat cow magic weapons, and killed more than 1,500 of the enemy's eight-legged cows. At the same time, he also destroyed an enemy's floating island." After saying this, Zhu Yong sat down.

Wen Wenhai waited until Zhu Yong sat down and then he said: "In this battle, our losses were not very big. At the same time, we also accumulated some experience. It can be said to be a great victory. At the same time, we also learned that the enemy's The floating island turned out to be created by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. This news is also very important to us."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Although the floating island was created by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, they are too close to the stones. When we attack them in the future, we can conduct experiments to see how to deal with them. Would it be better to use ShadowClan's method to deal with that island?"

Everyone nodded. They understood what Chang Jun meant. To deal with the Shadow Clan, just using physical attacks would not be very effective. Just using energy attacks would not be very effective either. But if you combine physical attacks with energy attacks, If combined, the effect will be great. What Chang Jun means is that combining energy attacks with physical attacks may be more effective against the floating island.

Wen Wenhai turned to Wen Yuming and said: "Lao Wen, this aspect depends on you. I don't think we can do this whether we are undead giant beasts or stone giant aliens, but Mantianhuo can This should be possible, so you should upgrade the arrows used by Mantianhuo, and make the arrows larger, which may have better effects."

Wen Yuming didn't say anything, just nodded. He blamed himself a little, because they haven't found a way to make the energy giant beast stronger yet. It is precisely because of this that the energy giant beast has no power. Even though he had to play his due role, he still had to let the undead beast go up and fight for his life, and he lost so much, so he blamed himself very much.

Wen Wenhai and the others didn't care. For them, some casualties during the battle were unavoidable, so they didn't care. If they lost, they lost. Anyway, those undead beasts were killed. , they will not really die, they will use the seeds of life to be reborn, and they will be reborn as adults, which may be more beneficial to them.

Wen Wenhai then said: "When we finally blocked the floating island, we asked the disciples to transform themselves into medium-sized magic weapons. The effect was very good. As the disciples collided, the floating island was forced After stopping, the loss was not very big. Having said that, I have to do some self-examination. This was our mistake. We didn't come up with this method before. This is our fault."

No one said anything. Wen Wenhai took this matter on himself, but everyone knew that Wen Wenhai was really not to blame for this matter. Not only did Wen Wenhai not think of it, but all of them They didn't even think that if those puppet disciples hadn't suddenly taken action, they still wouldn't have thought of it until now. This was really inappropriate.

Wen Wenhai was not talking about this matter. He went on to say: "If it was one of our mistakes not to let the disciples use their external avatars to hit the floating island, then another mistake was made by us. Our big mistake was that we were too lax. We still failed to treat the Yaksha clan as an intelligent race. We thought that after the last loss, the Yaksha clan would not attack us in a short time, but they didn’t. I thought that they were coming soon. If we hadn't thought of using the disciples' external incarnations to block their attacks this time, our losses would definitely not be too small. If we didn't do it well, our base would be destroyed. It’s broken, what do you think?”

Everyone's expressions were very solemn. They knew very well that Wen Wenhai was right. This time they were indeed too careless and gave the enemy a chance. Although they won a big victory this time, it was actually very dangerous. , had it not been for the last solution they came up with, their base would have been destroyed. This is indeed their fault.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "All of us are responsible for what happened this time, so I have asked the sect master for approval. All of us will be fined with a month's worth of supplies. Do you have any opinions on this punishment?" This is Wen Wenhai proposed for the first time that punishment for everyone had never been done before.

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone shook their heads. What could they say? They had indeed done something wrong in this matter. Such a punishment was actually considered light. Naturally, they had no objections. When Wen Wenhai saw that no one objected, he continued: "That's the summary of this battle. Now let's talk about the attack. We were originally going to attack, but we didn't expect that the enemy would take the lead. , Now it’s our turn, we already have the attack plan, there’s nothing more to say, the next step is to proceed according to the previous attack plan, no problem?”

Everyone shook their heads, but murderous intent appeared on their faces. They really wanted to attack, especially after this time. This time they were slapped in front of their faces. How could they bear it? With this anger, it can be said that all of them are geniuses and full of arrogance. If it weren't for Zhao Hai, they would never be so honest, but although they obey Zhao Hai, they still feel in their hearts. Their arrogance has not been lost. This time someone has plotted against them. Of course they will take revenge, so Wen Wenhai said he would attack, which was exactly what they wanted, and there would be objections there.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "However, everyone must be prepared for a hard fight this time when attacking. We have repelled the enemy, and the enemy now knows the fighting power of our Blood Killing Sect, and is still with us." suffered a big loss at our hands. In this case, the enemy will probably guess that we may retaliate, and they will definitely be prepared. So everyone must be careful and never give the enemy an opportunity to take advantage of it. If it really happens If the enemy plots against us, it will be too embarrassing for us people, and we will have no shame to see the sect master in the future."