c7198 retreat

When the undead beasts returned to the front of the undead army, the Ancient Expedition prepared for the second attack. But at this moment, black mist suddenly surged, and then the power of the Shadow Clan's laws directly destroyed the city. It was completely surrounded, and even Gu Yuanzheng and the others couldn't see the city.

At the same time, bursts of explosions suddenly came from the backs of the undead beasts. The sounds were very loud, and with the explosions, each of the undead behemoths were blown up. He flew up and then fell directly to the ground, dazed from the fall.

Gu Yuanzheng was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood what was going on. He immediately shouted: "Stop attacking and retreat." After saying that, he led the army of the undead clan and slowly retreated. He knew what happened with the explosion before. It must be some special magical weapons released by the Yasha clan. Those magical weapons were attached to the undead beasts according to the rules, and then at this time, the explosion occurred.

Gu Yuanzheng can even be sure that the function of that magic weapon must be more than that simple, that is, he made those undead beasts and stone giant aliens return. If they still stay on the edge of the city, maybe The magic weapon will play other roles, such as controlling their thoughts so that they can attack the undead army in turn. This is not impossible.

Now that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has protected the city again, it will be even more difficult for them to capture the city, so the Ancient Expedition is going to retreat temporarily and discuss with Wen Wenhai and the others to see if there is any way If other methods really don't work, it's not too late to attack by force.

Although they are not afraid of fighting the enemy desperately, in the current situation, if there is no good plan and they only know how to fight the enemy, there will be no good results in the end. Those who only know how to fight are all reckless people. , People of the Blood Killing Sect can be brave and fearless, but they must not be reckless.

When Gu Yuanzheng and the others retreated, the Blood Killing Battle Fort of the Blood Killing Sect moved forward. Then they stopped directly at the front of the team, forming a line of defense there. Behind them, there were those The army of undead beasts and the army of undead warriors are currently setting up magic formations there, preparing to set up the Five Elements Killing Formation of the Blood Killing Sect as soon as possible. Only in this way can they truly control this place. Occupied.

After Gu Yuanzheng arranged what the disciples should do, he and the King of Hell directly returned to the Xuanwu space. Wen Wenhai and the others were already waiting for them in the main hall. When Gu Yuanzheng and Yama Wang Ling came to the main hall, they found that everyone else had already arrived in the main hall. After the two of them bowed with fists in their hands, they found a place to sit down.

After the two of them sat down, Wen Wenhai said to everyone: "Okay, everyone is here. Let's talk about what you think about this attack." Although Wen Wenhai did not go The front line, but he still knows about this attack, so he really wants to see what his thoughts are on this attack.

Gu Yuanzheng spoke first: "Let me talk about it first. Because the opponent has a forbidden air formation, we can't attack the city from the sky, so we can only attack from the ground. Their shield defense capability is very strong. , and their shield is very weird. After being broken by us, it can be restored in a short time. The most important thing is that there is a phantom array outside their city. Before, our undead beast charged into the array. , they were lured away by their use of the illusion array, but the effect of the illusion array should only be on people's mental power and vision, causing people to hallucinate, and it is not very powerful."

Hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, some people's faces suddenly showed expressions of realization. They had not known the specific situation on the front line before, but they saw that the city's shield was broken, and the undead beast also rushed towards it. They passed, but failed to break through the city. This was really surprising. Now when they heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, they understood what was going on. It turned out that there was a phantom formation outside the city.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "I really didn't expect that there would be a phantom formation outside the city. It seems that it is really not an easy task to break through the city. Lao Gu, there are other discoveries. Is that so?" Wen Wenhai knew very well that the Ancient Expedition was on the front line, so he should have made more discoveries, so he asked this question.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "Yes, after our undead beasts came back, at some point, those Yaksha placed a magic weapon on their backs, and the magic weapon exploded when they came back. Although it didn’t cause much damage to those giant undead beasts, I think that the magic weapon must not just explode, but must also have other uses.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "What do you think it will do? After all, we haven't even seen what kind of magic weapon it is. If we were just guessing, it would be difficult to guess, right?" Wen Wenhai was so impressed by the ancient expedition His interest was aroused, and he really wanted to know what Gu Yuanzheng thought.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Those Yakshas are acting very strangely, and their magic arrays are also very good. In addition, there is also the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to help them, so I think their magic weapons may be It would make you think that it has the effect of controlling people's minds. If that's true, it would be really amazing."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he was also stunned. Then he couldn't help but frowned and said, "Is there any basis for it?" Gu Yuanzheng's statement was really scary, but without any basis, , just based on guessing, Wen Wenhai really can't believe what Gu Yuanzheng said.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "The ones who attacked that city were either the undead beasts or the alien clan, and the abilities used by our two races were all biased towards dark energy. It was the first time that our two races met the Shadow Clan before. At that time, I was assimilated by the energy of the Shadow Clan and even rebelled against the young master. This has never happened before. If the power of the Shadow Clan law here is really smart, they will definitely discover the power we use and cooperate with them. The power used is of the same attribute, so they will find ways to control us. After all, our power is not as pure as the Shadow Clan's power, so they can completely control us."

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at everyone, and then said: "Although we will no longer be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, if they use magic weapons to control us in a short time, they can do it. They won't It takes too long to control us. Just control us and charge our undead army. Then our formation will be chaotic. Even if they don't know how to counterattack, they can still drag us in. Here, and if we really launch a counterattack against the undead army, then I think the undead army will not be polite and will definitely deal with us. By then, our losses will be great. After all, we are fighting against our own people. Our own people.”

Speaking of this, Gu Yuanzheng paused for a moment, and then he sighed softly and said: "This is just my guess, but I think it is not impossible. After all, we cannot be careful with the wisdom of those yakshas." , and from this attack, we can also see that those Yaksha's magic circle techniques are definitely very powerful, so we must be even more careful."

Wen Wenhai nodded, waved his hand, and asked Gu Yuanzheng to sit down. Then he turned to look at Shu Li and Cang Ming and said, "How is the situation there? Did you find anything?" Shu Li and Cang Ming can now use their hands to fight. There are many alien Yakshas and Zerg Yakshas, ​​and they are not affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so they are always the scouts. Wen Wenhai wants to hear what they have to say.

Shun Li stood up and said in a deep voice: "We aliens have always been scouts. This time we discovered that the opponent was using a forbidden air formation. It was also a surprise. At first, they did not activate the forbidden air law. Just when we were about to attack, They just turned it on. At that time, there were several invisible alien yakshas who were conducting reconnaissance. They fell directly from the sky, so we discovered that they used the forbidden air formation. From this point, we can see that they really It's very cunning. If we move faster, we will fall into their trap. If we enter the alien magic circle from the sky, our losses will definitely be considerable, and such a large-scale forbidden air magic circle will also It’s not that easy to get, so their magic circle ability is really strong.”

Cang Ming also stood up, and then said: "We also wanted to conduct reconnaissance on the city from underground, but the effect was not very good. Their underground seems to be protected by a magic circle. If we want to get close, it will cause trouble. The reaction of those magic circles, and there are also earthly yakshas in the city. We fought with those earthly yakshas underground, but they did not come out of the magic circle. It is not easy for us to break in, so it is impossible to do it from underground. .”

When Wen Wenhai heard what Cang Ming said, he couldn't help but frowned, and then he said, "Is there anything else? Have they ever thought about controlling those alien yakshas who serve as scouts?" Wen Wenhai also wanted to take a look. Have those alien Yakshas who serve as scouts encountered such a thing? If so, they can confirm the ancient expedition's statement from one side.

Shun Li and Cang Ming shook their heads and said: "So far, nothing like this has happened. Maybe this has something to do with the fact that we have never fought with them." Although Cang Ming had fought with Dixing Yaksha, but there was no such thing. They have suffered a loss, and after the battle, they will not be unable to discover the magic circle left by the enemy on them. After all, their bodies are not as big as those undead beasts.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Do you have anything to add? We must now understand these yakshas better in order to defeat these yakshas. These guys are really difficult to deal with." Wen Wenhai is really I don’t dare to underestimate these Yashas at all. They were blocked by a city’s shield and were hit by the enemy’s phantom formation. This is definitely rare in the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect is a magic formation. An expert, but now he has suffered a loss at the hands of someone else's magic circle. This cannot but arouse Wen Wenhai's attention.