c7191 proposal

Everyone was stunned, and then they immediately realized that it was indeed true. From these several confrontations with the Yaksha clan, it can be seen that the Yaksha clan's fighting power is definitely very powerful. The most important thing is that they are not Fool, they will also make a surprise attack, so it is no big deal that the Yasha clan can guess their revenge.

Gu Yuanzheng took a deep breath. They were still attacking this time. If Wen Wenhai hadn't reminded them and they had attacked rashly, they would have suffered a loss. But now that Wen Wenhai has reminded them, it will be fine. They can make some preparations. Even if the enemy wants to plot against them, it will not be so easy.

Wen Wenhai then turned to Shu Li and said: "Shen Li, you must not stop making the giant stone alien. We may encounter more and more floating islands in the future. If there are not enough of these giant stone aliens, We have no way to block the enemy’s impact, so we must never stop in this regard.”

Shun Li nodded, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "The next step is to prepare. I only give you three days in three days. After three days, it will be time for us to attack. What do you have? Any comments?" Wen Wenhai didn't want to wait too long, because he was worried that if he waited too long, the enemy would attack them all at once, which would be more than worth the gain.

Everyone shook their heads. Of course they would not object. Three days was all. Anyway, they were almost ready now and could attack at any time. Seeing that no one objected, Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, let's all go down and prepare. In three days, we will attack. Lao Wen, wait a moment and come with me to my room. I have I want to tell you something." Everyone else stood up, turned around and left. Only Wen Wenhai, Chang Jun and Wen Yuming walked towards Wen Wenhai's room.

When the three of them arrived in Wen Wenhai's room, Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming and said with a smile: "Lao Wen, you don't have to be so nervous, and I think you blame yourself a little. In fact, what happened this time is not to blame. On your head, any new trial will take time. You haven’t figured out how to improve the energy beast yet, and it’s not your fault. You don’t need to blame yourself.”

Wen Yuming nodded, then sighed and said: "Anyway, this matter is actually somewhat to blame on us. It's because we didn't come up with a good way to block the enemy's impact. In fact, up to now, I I still can’t think of any good way to block this kind of impact from the enemy.”

Chang Jun looked at Wen Yuming's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Lao Wenna, I think you are actually thinking about things too complicated. The enemy's floating island seems to be very powerful, but in fact, apart from collision and pretense, Apart from humans, they have no other abilities, and even if they want to collide, they must be pulled by those eight-legged cows to move, otherwise they can only stop in mid-air. To be honest, such a thing, Apart from its larger size, it really doesn’t have any advantages. We have made things complicated before, and I think we can think of a simpler way to deal with this floating island."

Wen Yuming looked at Chang Jun with some confusion. He didn't know what he meant by this. What was a simpler method? Is there any simpler method? Can a simple method like this floating island be of any use? For a while, Wen Yuming was a little confused.

Chang Jun smiled slightly and said: "Floating Island is actually very simple. It's just that it's big, so the impact is strong. Then can we also make some magic weapons that are big but have no other use to deal with him? What about some big iron balls? These iron balls don’t need to have any other functions. They just need to be big enough to fly and hit. The purpose of these iron balls is to hit the floating island. I He also said that it is not an easy task to improve energy beasts or fill the sky with fire in a short period of time, but what if we make some such simple iron balls? Will it have unexpected effects? What’s the effect?”

Chang Jun's words made Wen Yuming and Wen Wenhai's eyes light up. Wen Wenhai stood up even more excitedly and said to Chang Jun: "This method is good, very good, why didn't we think of it before? ? Indeed, the floating island does not have much ability, but their impact is really strong, and their impact is strong because they are large and heavy. We use this simplest method, It is indeed possible to block the floating island."

Wen Yuming's eyes lit up, and he said in a deep voice: "It's too simple. It's really too simple to make an iron ball fly up and only have the effect of impact. We can do it at any time." We can get a lot of these iron balls. Indeed, we have made things too complicated. I will prepare them when I get back." After saying that, he stood up and left, ignoring the two of them.

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun couldn't help but smile bitterly. They were used to such reactions when they heard about their names, and they didn't care at all. Chang Jun just smiled bitterly and said, "I really haven't come up with this method before. , when we were walking out, I thought about the disciples using their external avatars to hit the floating island, and thought about the stone ball of the giant stone bull, and then I thought of this method, so I said it."

Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and said: "Okay, your method is very good. It does not require special arrangements. It is the simplest iron ball and has no other abilities. It just collides. A weapon like this is really useful." It’s not big, but it’s enough to deal with floating islands.”

Chang Jun nodded and didn't say anything. Instead, he looked at Wen Wenhai and said with a smile: "Okay, let's prepare for it. The official attack will be launched in three days. The spared work will be left to us." Old Wen, I believe they can do it. After all, since we have blood gold, we don’t have to worry about metals at all. The reason why I can come up with such a method is also related to blood gold. Our blood Gold can be recycled and is completely different from the previous metals, so there is nothing to worry about.”

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Okay, go ahead. We will attack in three days. This will never change. We have been attacked these days. This is absolutely not possible. We must fight back, and we will fight back now." At that time, in three days, we will teach those Yaksha clan a lesson."

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "We also need to pay attention. If we expand, we may encounter the underground city of the Yasha clan, just like the city we encountered here before, so we must be careful. There are also underground. Although we have Zerg Yakshas underground, we still have to be careful. Those earthly Yakshas also know how to use magic weapons, but very few of our Zerg Yakshas know how to use magic weapons. device."

Wen Wenhai frowned and said: "I really forgot about this. The situation underground is quite special. Normal magic weapons underground are of no use. You must pay attention to this." , even those Yakshas rarely use magic weapons underground. After all, the situation underground is completely different from that on the ground. We don’t have to worry about the ordinary Yakshas on the ground. It is really too difficult to deal with the Yakshas on the ground. It’s easy, but there is really no good way for the Yaksha underground. The magic weapons we use can rarely be used underground, and the Yakshas of the Zerg tribe have no way to use magic if their spiritual intelligence is not activated. device, so looking at it now, it can only be like this."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, judging from the current situation, it can only be like this, but this incident has given us a wake-up call. Don't forget that we will have to confront the monks in the future. Yes, they will also face the Shadow Tribe. In the Wanshan Realm, monks and Shadow Tribe people coexist, so they must be people from all kinds of environments. We must pay attention to the role of magic weapons, for example, We’d better give Lao Wen a heads-up now about magic weapons used underground, magic weapons used underwater, magic weapons used in the face of strong winds, or some magic weapons used in special environments. , let him make some preparations in advance. Now that they have more people in Shenji Hall, I want them to add a few more laboratories. There should be no problem. They are not required to produce results immediately, but it can be done. Some technical reserves can be used directly when we need to use these technologies."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, I will write to Lao Wen right now. Did you just think of this? Otherwise, if Lao Wen didn't leave just now, you would have told him directly. It's okay now. I As soon as I write to Lao Wen, Lao Wen will definitely complain about me again, that guy's temper is getting worse and worse."

Chang Jun smiled and said: "He just doesn't want to waste time on sect affairs. He doesn't even want to take care of Shenji Hall. He just wants to do his own research. He thinks Shenji Hall involves too much of his energy." , that’s why it’s like this, the guys at Shenji Hall are all like this, and have you noticed that Lao Wen’s current strength is really progressing a little slowly. In places like their Shenji Hall, they Their training methods are inherently different from ours, and their progress is not as fast as ours. If things at Shenji Hall take up too much of their time, they will definitely have bigger problems."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then sighed and said: "This is also a problem, but we have no way to solve it. After all, Lao Wen, the master of Shenji Hall, was personally appointed by the leader, and he has always done It’s really good, but if someone else were to be the leader of this hall, I really don’t know what would happen, there’s nothing I can do about it.”

Chang Jun also nodded, and then sighed and said: "Don't talk about it, even we sometimes feel that there is not enough time. We also want to have more time to practice, but we don't. Method, the sect's affairs are the most important, but the situation is a little better now, and the leader's new method of practicing the magic circle can be regarded as solving a big problem for us."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "We only need to deal with some sect matters. With the optical brain and so many assistants, we are actually very relaxed. It's just that we have been suffering from Lao Wen. Lao Wen likes to study and has to He is really tired from training and managing Shenji Hall."