c7196 Forbidden air circle

A huge city slowly appeared in front of Gu Yuanzheng and the others. Now there was some light in the sky. It was so gray that Gu Yuanzheng and the others could see the city in front of them clearly. This was really A big city. This big city is also a big square city. The height of the city wall is about twenty feet, and the length reaches hundreds of miles. The whole city is like a huge chessboard, with stripes inside. The roads are the lines on the chessboard, and the squares are small squares with houses in them. .

Shun Li said before that there was a shield over the city. The shield was not transparent, so he could not see the situation in the city clearly. Now it seems that the reason why the shield is not transparent may be the power of Shadow Clan's laws. Gu Yuanzheng and the others The departure time was not very early. In fact, there should have been light here a long time ago, but there has been no light. But now, there is light here, and the city's shield is not opaque, so there is only one explanation. It was caused by the power of the law of the Shadow Clan. Now that they have arrived in this city, the power of the law of the Shadow Clan has no way to prevent them from seeing the situation in the city, so they can see clearly in the city. Case.

Laura and the others are also very impatient with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws seems to be taking care of more and more things now, and they want to deal with them more and more. Because of this , would cause so many things, which is really a headache. After all, the power of Shadow Clan's laws has never been so easy to deal with.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at this big city and the densely packed Yaksha clan in the city. He couldn't help but feel a headache. He murmured: "There are so many ordinary Yakshas, ​​what's the use? Their Yaksha teeth, even the alien clan are... If you don’t want it, really, it’s better to have Feitian Yaksha instead.”

Just as Gu Yuanzheng finished speaking, he received a message from Wen Wenhai. Gu Yuanzheng immediately picked up the communication array. As soon as the connection was connected, he heard Wen Wenhai's voice saying: "Old Gu, are you there? Outside the city? Remember, after taking this city, you must collect all the Yaksha teeth in that city. The alien clan will not want them, but I have always heard that they want them. I heard that they want them. Study those Yasha teeth carefully, I don’t know what their use is, but you can just collect them.”

Gu Yuanzheng was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "Okay, I promise to collect all the Yaksha teeth, so you can rest assured." Wen Wenhai hummed and immediately disconnected the communication, but Gu Yuanzheng smiled slightly and said, He murmured: "Not bad, it's really good. I was just thinking about how to deal with these Yaksha teeth, and I'll come up with a solution right away. Hahaha, it seems that these Yaksha are of some use. Send the order and prepare to attack the city."

The order of Gu Yuanzheng was not given to others, but to the light brain in his incarnation. The light brain could also help him direct the battle. When he said that he was passing on the order, the light brain would Send the orders of the Ancient Expedition to the communication arrays of all the leaders of the Rubik's Cube Formation, so that everyone can hear his orders.

This kind of command method is naturally more flexible. This is also because Gu Yuanzheng and the others have become more and more proficient in the use of external avatars. They have discovered that the role of the optical brain is really very powerful and can help them do a lot. Regarding the matter, they are still far from understanding the role of the optical brain and how powerful it is. They still need to study it carefully.

Following the order of the ancient expedition, the giant undead beasts immediately arrived in front of the army, and the giant stone alien aliens also arrived in front of the army. There were also some elders of the undead clan, sitting on the alien giant beasts, in front of the army. They He was carrying those metal balls on his body, and he was going to use them to break open the shield on the city.

Gu Yuanzheng thought for a while and then said: "All elders, step back and don't attack Yaksha City with iron balls. We use the iron balls to deal with the floating island. Don't show them now. If we show them, the enemy will Be prepared, then when we deal with the floating island, they will be prepared, so don't show it now."

When the elders of the undead clan heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, they all responded, and then returned directly to the group. However, none of the other people in the group moved. The giant undead beasts also began to prepare to attack, especially It's those stone giant bulls and stone giant bull aliens. They have begun to add stone armor to their bodies.

Just when Gu Yuanzheng was about to order an attack, a sharp voice suddenly came: "Old Gu, be careful, a forbidden air law suddenly appeared in the sky above that city. It seems that you can't attack that city from the sky. Come on, be careful, don’t fall into the enemy’s trap.” The sharp voice was very urgent, and it rang directly in the communication array of the Ancient Expedition. He said those words on the public channel, and many people said these words. Everyone heard it, and it was obvious that Shu Li was afraid that Gu Yuanzheng would give the order to attack first, and then connect his communication, and then he sent a warning to Gu Yuanzheng on the public channel.

In the Blood Killing Sect, the communication channels are divided into private messages and public channels. The so-called private messages are one-on-one communication between two people, just like people today use mobile phones to make calls. The public channel is a bit like a chat group. It is some information that can be seen by some people, but it is all spoken. People like Shu Li have a public channel, which is full of people from the Blood Killing Sect. Those core elders.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng heard Shun Li's warning, he swallowed back the attack order he had just issued. He immediately contacted Shun Li and said: "Old Shu, what is going on? Why did he suddenly appear? Air Forbidden Array? How big is the scope?" Gu Yuanzheng really didn't expect that an Air Forbidden Array would appear on that city, which would have a great impact on them.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "There are forbidden air formations all over ten miles outside the city, and there are also air formations above the city. So if you want to attack this city, you can only attack from the ground, so you must be careful." Shun Li also knew that. I can't say too much at this time, so I just briefly introduced the situation.

Gu Yuanzheng also nodded, then cut off the communication, then connected the communication of all the leaders of the undead army, and said directly: "Everyone, please pay attention, everyone ten miles away from this city has a forbidden air formation. People descended to the ground and prepared to attack him from the ground."

After finishing speaking, Gu Yuanzheng waited until everyone responded, then he picked up the communication circle and wrote a letter to Bai Yan. Soon Bai Yan had connected, and Gu Yuanzheng said directly: "Old Bai, you will receive the message." The Blood Killing Battle Fort will come over soon. This is the time for you to show off your skills behind you. When you get behind the army, be ready to use the sky full of fire to deal with the Yaksha in the city."

After communicating with Bai Yan, Gu Yuanzheng immediately stopped communicating and slowly fell to the ground. The undead army also slowly fell to the ground. Soon everyone fell to the ground. Then he said: "Everyone, get ready. Form the team immediately and prepare to attack." Everyone responded, and then fell to the ground, ready to attack.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng contacted Cang Ming once. As soon as Cang Ming was connected, he immediately said: "Old Cang, you also need to follow up. There is a forbidden air formation in this city, and we can only do it on the ground. Attack, at this time, if those Yaksha come to us from underground, it will be troublesome."

Cang Ming said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, we have already caught up and have been prepared for a long time. Unless the enemy does not attack from underground, if they dare to attack from underground, I will make sure they have no way to come back. You can Don't worry about things underground." Cang Ming was obviously prepared, and in this situation, he didn't dare to be careless.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Okay, that's good, then we'll be ready here." After saying that, he immediately contacted the leaders of other undead armies to see how they were doing as a whole. In order To better see the situation of the army, he flew up again and checked the situation of the army.

Fortunately, the army is now ready, and the whole team is completed, so everyone is standing there, one by one in square formations, arranged neatly. For such a formation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have never They are no strangers, so the speed of the whole team is naturally very fast.

At the same time, Gu Yuanzheng also discovered that the Blood Killing Battle Fort had arrived behind their army and could attack at any time. The undead monsters and stone giant aliens were all ready and could attack the city at any time. Gu Yuanzheng saw At this point, he was completely relieved. Then he turned his head and glanced at the city. On the city wall, there were many Yasha clan standing there. It seemed that they were also ready to defend the city.

Gu Yuanzheng saw a lot of strong slaves on the city wall and in the city. These strong slaves were all bed slaves and were used for long-range attacks. Gu Yuanzheng knew that the attack range of such bed slaves was within a thousand. It is more than 1 meter tall, and its power is also very huge, and the arrow tip of this bed slave seems to have some other abilities, it is an arrow tip with attributes.

Gu Yuanzheng did not immediately order an attack, but looked at the shields on the city. These shields of the Yasha clan really have their own unique features. Their shields are very strong and difficult to be destroyed. It is very difficult for people to break through, even the Blood Killing Sect, to break through their shield. So now Gu Yuanzheng is thinking, what method should be used to easily break their shield?

Now it seems that there is really no good way. In the end, Gu Yuanzheng had to take out the communication array, connected to the King of Hell's Order, and then said: "Old Yan, how are you prepared? You can directly use the energy Summon the giant beast and try to attack first." Although the ancient expedition and the others fell to the ground, those magic formations with hundreds of millions of people did not fall to the ground, because this magic formation with hundreds of millions of people is the most important The function of the energy beast is to release energy beasts. If they really fall to the ground, the area they occupy will be too large, so they are still stopped in mid-air. Anyway, they don't need to attack the city directly, and there is no need to fall to the ground. What's the use? It's better to just stop in mid-air like it is now.