c7195 invisible yaksha

Gu Yuanzheng sat quietly on the head of a giant undead beast. Behind him, there was a neat army of undead beasts. They were all lined up in a neat Rubik's Cube formation. In the gaps between their formations In this place, there are many undead giant beasts, which of course also include many stone giant aliens.

Gu Yuanzheng calculated the time and realized that it was almost time. He waved his hand directly. Following his movements, the undead army began to advance. Gu Yuanzheng did not rush to the front. He was now two of the undead army. As one of the commanders, he cannot be at the front at this time. If he is at the front, he will be the first to face the enemy as soon as he attacks. It’s not that he doesn’t dare. If he is at the front, If something really happened to him, it would have a serious impact on morale.

Another commander of the undead army is the leader of the king of hell. The ancient expedition commanded the magic cube formation of the undead army, and the leader of the king of hell commanded the strange dead beasts and giant stone bulls, and those behind the undead army. The undead army of hundreds of millions of people has formed a magic square formation. The leader of Hell will not be able to command the magic cube formation in front of them.

The army moved forward slowly, and soon they reached the point where the Shadow Clan's power of law was connected. At this moment, streaks of white light suddenly lit up in the magic array of the undead army. This white light finally They were actually connected together, forming a huge white light shield. This white light shield moved forward slowly, and finally relied on the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

Just when the white light shield leaned against the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws immediately began to surge, as if it was resisting the white light, but the white light did not stop, and was still Move forward little by little, and move forward against the power of Shadow Clan's laws.

This white light is naturally the power of the law of the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect has also discovered that they cannot send people into the power of the Shadow Clan's law and then build a base there to support them as they did before. If you put up a protective shield, although you can expand the territory a lot in one go, the danger to the attacking disciples will also be greatly increased.

If it was okay before, now they are facing the Yaksha clan, and the Yaksha clan can also use tactics, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will naturally be more dangerous, so the Blood Killing Sect has changed their approach. Their current magic array, It has been used very proficiently, and it can be used to form the Wheel of Law Array using magic squares, and then combine the power of multiple Wheels of Law Arrays together, thus forming the Shadow Clan's Law Power Wall, and then They are pushing the power of this law. As they move forward, they can push back the power of the Shadow Clan's law.

In fact, the confrontation has officially begun at this time. As they move forward this way, the speed may be a little slower, but it is safer, because the front army is marching and always moving within the power of its own laws. In this way, the influence of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will be very small, so although their attack is slow, it is more reliable.

Of course, now the Blood Killing Sect can use this method to attack. If the attack method is the same as before, this method cannot be used. In the past, the Blood Killing Sect's attack was a comprehensive attack, advancing from all sides together, and the entire Blood Killing Sect's base , will expand outward together, but it is different now. Now they are expanding on one side, only attacking on one side, and all other sides are defense. In this way, they can invest more troops in the offense. Using this method Of course there is no problem.

One mile, two miles, three miles, four miles... Just when Gu Yuanzheng and the others were advancing two hundred miles, suddenly, Gu Yuanzheng noticed a black shadow, on the edge of their law, a shadow. It flashed by and disappeared directly. Gu Yuanzheng's expression changed slightly, but then he snorted coldly, and then said: "Okay, come on, let me see, this time you Yaksha clan can still use How to deal with us."

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng also received the communication. When Gu Yuanzheng saw it, the person who sent the letter was none other than Shu Li. Shun Li said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Old Gu, about a hundred miles ahead, there is a big city of the Yaksha clan. , the area of ​​​​this big city is very huge, and it seems that it can accommodate millions of people. Moreover, this city also has a city protection formation. The city protection formation is opaque, so you can't see clearly what's going on inside. However, I haven’t found any floating islands yet.”

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Okay, I understand. Those guys from the Yasha clan have been taught a lesson by us twice. They should also know that with their current strength, they cannot be our opponents, so they should have retreated. But it is impossible for the people in this Yaksha city to leave. We just go over and destroy this city, but we must be careful not to fall into the enemy's trap."

Shun Li also responded, and then closed the communication. Shun Li was in charge of those giant stone bull aliens and alien yakshas. He acted together with Gu Yuanzheng and the King of Hell's Order, and because of the special situation of the alien yakshas, ​​the work of scouting , naturally it is under his control, and Shu Li has done a very good job, and the scouts have been placed hundreds of miles away.

Gu Yuanzheng did not order the army to stop, but directly informed the leaders of each magic cube formation, telling them that there was a large city of the Yasha clan a hundred miles away, and they should be prepared for battle. The reason why they have to report a hundred miles away is because they are flying in the sky, and the distance of a hundred miles is not very far. It takes less than half an hour to reach a hundred miles away. The speed is even very slow.

However, Gu Yuanzheng is still a little puzzled, because he saw the flash of black shadow in front of the Shadow Clan's law power before. He was sure that it was a Yaksha, but why didn't Shu Li tell the Yaksha? What about the situation? That should be a scout from the Yaksha clan, right? Didn't the alien clan discover that Yaksha scout?

Thinking of this, Gu Yuanzheng became even more careful. He knew very well that he had to be more careful, otherwise he might really fall into the trap of the enemy. The Yaksha clan now only knows three There are flying yakshas, ​​earthly yakshas, ​​and ordinary yakshas, ​​but who knows if there will be other yakshas. If there are other yakshas they don’t know about, they may pose a threat to them, so the ancient expedition issued an order. Be on full alert and be ready to fight when ordered to do so.

As they moved forward, two quarters of an hour passed quickly. As long as they moved forward fifty miles, they would see the Yaksha City. At this moment, the long tail of a giant stone bull suddenly appeared. He swung it forward and stabbed directly into an empty space, but what was strange was that bursts of black smoke suddenly appeared in the empty space, and then a Yasha tooth fell directly to the ground.

Gu Yuanzheng also noticed this situation, because the giant stone bull alien had always been very honest and followed the army. This sudden attack was very sudden and very fast. It was impossible for him not to notice that the one that fell in He naturally discovered the Yaksha teeth on the ground, which surprised Gu Yuanzheng.

Before Gu Yuanzheng could speak, his communication array lit up. Gu Yuanzheng immediately picked up the communication array, and as soon as the connection was connected, a sharp voice came: "Old Gu, just now a giant stone cow has an alien shape. Tell me, he found a Yaksha and killed him. What happened? Is there a Yaksha attacking you?"

Shun Li is not on the front line, so he doesn't know what happened before. Because Shun Li is also a member of the alien family, he can communicate directly with the alien family. This is also an ability given to him by Zhao Haigang, but the one he uses is not He is very mature, so naturally he doesn't know the situation here.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the Yaksha that fell to the ground and had been eaten by an alien, and said: "What just appeared is an invisible Yaksha. None of us found him. It was the giant stone alien that discovered it." He, it seems that the Yasha clan really has some special races, and some of them can actually become invisible."

After hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, Shun Li was silent for a while, and then said: "There is such a thing, the invisible Yaksha seems to be more and more interesting. You should be careful, those Yakshas who can turn invisible It would be fun if I assassinated you, but you don’t get killed." He laughed loudly after saying this.

Of course Gu Yuanzheng knew that Shu Li was joking. With the strength of Gu Yuanzheng, even if the opponent could become invisible, Gu Yuanzheng would not be able to detect the opponent, but when the opponent wanted to kill him at close range, his aura would definitely be revealed. At that time , Gu Yuanzheng was able to react and take care of the opponent, so Gu Yuanzheng didn't take it seriously, but laughed and said: "You want to kill me? It's not that easy, I'm already a dead person Yes, hahahaha."

Gu Yuanzheng is a member of the undead clan. He was really right when he said that he was a dead person, so that's why he said so. When Shun Li heard what he said, he also laughed, and then said: "I just received news from an alien. After he ate the Yaksha teeth of the Tou Xing Yaksha, he can become invisible. I will send him in." Use the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to see if there are any invisible Yakshas left. If there are, let him take care of those Yakshas directly." After that, the communication was cut off.

Gu Yuanzheng smiled slightly and put away the message. He felt that the alien clan was cooperating with them in fighting. If they still couldn't defeat the enemy, then they were really in trouble. As long as one enemy was killed, the alien clan would be defeated. It will become an alien that has the opponent's winning points and is even stronger than the opponent. In this way, it will only be more convenient to deal with the opponent. It is almost impossible for the opponent to defeat such an enemy.

Gu Yuanzheng really didn't take this matter to heart. Although Yaksha's invisible Yaksha could deceive their perception, it could not deceive the aliens. No matter how many they came, they would still die, so Gu Yuanzheng The expedition is not worried at all. If the other party wants to attack, they can come, and they will deal with as many as they come.

The army continued to move forward, and they would see the Yaksha City in about fifty miles. He really wanted to know what that Yaksha City was like. He had no good impression of Yaksha at all. There was Yaksha City, They naturally want to break through. Anyway, they are here to conquer this interface, and they are not here to make friends with them. There is no need to be polite to them.