c7193 magic combination

The reason why Zhao Hai was able to discover the magical skills of Shen Ji is because the accumulation of Laura and the others was based on the set of skills invented by Laura and the others. The set of skills developed by Laura and the others can make people who can understand The technique of formation talisman transformation was named Zhen Gong by Zhao Hai. Currently, only a few people in the Blood Killing Sect can practice it, and all those who practice this set of techniques are high-level people in the Blood Killing Sect, or He is a key person to be trained, so this set of exercises is still kept strictly confidential.

The reason why Zhao Hai discovered the magic of the Divine Machine has a huge relationship with this formation skill. Zhao Hai has also practiced the Divine Machine's set of skills. He can also use some of the moves in the Divine Machine, and in the formation After the skill came out, Zhao Hai also practiced the formation skill. Later, when he used the formation skill to promote the moves of the divine machine, he found that the formation skill and the divine machine were surprisingly consistent, and he was using the formation skill to use the divine machine. When using the machine's moves, the power of those moves actually became much greater. Each move seemed to be blessed by its own technique, which was very impressive.

And not long after Zhao Hai practiced the formation skills, he discovered that the formation skills were adjusting themselves and became more suitable for him. The reason why this set of exercises was more suitable for him was because he discovered that this set of exercises was more suitable for him. The set of exercises actually had the effect of stimulating his bloodline ability. At the same time, the other exercises he practiced were slowly and completely integrated with this set of exercises, which further improved their strength, and finally The important thing is that his understanding of the laws of heaven and earth has also gone a step further, and this time the laws of heaven and earth he comprehended are actually related to runes.

It is not easy to understand the laws of heaven and earth related to runes, because he already has the runes of heaven and earth, and the curse runes. These two runes have almost become the ancestors of the yin and yang runes of heaven and earth. Here Under such circumstances, it was even more difficult for him to understand the rules of the runes of heaven and earth, but now he has a glimmer of understanding, which makes Zhao Hai feel very miraculous. Naturally, he needs to understand why his own skills work. It became like this. In the end, he discovered that it had a lot to do with Shenji Kung Fu and Formation Kung Fu. Because he practiced these two sets of kung fu at the same time, his kung fu became like this.

The formation skill can be said to be the accumulation of Laura and the others over the years. This accumulation finally resulted in the formation skill, and the rapid training speed of the formation skill, in turn, promoted the Shen Ji Gong. The reason why the Shen Ji Gong is so good It has affected Zhao Hai, made Zhao Hai's various skills improve, and allowed Zhao Hai to understand the rune laws. It is also because of his accumulation over the years. It can be said that these accumulations combined have made Zhao Hai what he is today. .

After figuring out such things, Zhao Hai wanted to combine the divine machine with the formation skills, but he soon discovered that it was unrealistic to do so because it was impossible and the divine machine had too many changes. , and the formation skill is an auxiliary skill, it can be combined with any kind of skill, and it can play a huge role, but only when it is with the divine machine, it will produce that kind of magic The reaction is that these two sets of exercises are very good when used together, and they are not bad when used separately. However, if these two sets of exercises are to be forcibly turned into one exercise, there will not be that magical effect. It works, because then the divine machine will lose its ever-changing ability, and the divine machine without this ability will no longer be a divine machine.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai did not combine these two sets of skills. He even did not tell others about the magical effects of combining the formation skills with the divine machine, because he knew very well that if If he really said it, then the entire Blood Killing Sect might learn these two sets of exercises. In the future, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect might all be printed from the same mold. So for the Blood Killing Sect, it is not necessarily the same. What a good thing.

The people here in Shenji Hall are all doing research, so they are also very interested in Shenji, so most of them have learned Shenji, and the most important thing about Shenji is accumulation, even if it is not promoted by formation skills. , as long as they are given enough time, as long as their accumulation reaches a certain level, it will also cause qualitative changes. The formation skill just plays a role in promoting it, so Zhao Hai did not tell anyone about the formation. The effect of the combination of gong and divine machine.

As for Wen Yuming's recent situation, Zhao Hai also saw it. Wen Yuming was obsessed with research, and his technique, before it became a divine machine, was actually a technique practiced by the Spiritual Array Sect. The training method later turned into a magical skill. After so many years of research and accumulation of magic formations, in fact, his magical skill was about to reach a breakthrough point. The emergence of the formation skills played a role in pushing it forward. His divine machine skill has reached a certain point, and with the improvement of the energy beast that he is currently studying, this point of his has become more clear, so now for Wen Yuming, it is really a Good opportunity. As long as his research is successful this time, he can break through this node and reach a higher realm. It is precisely because of this that he has become increasingly impatient to deal with Shenji Hall's affairs recently, because He's going to break through.

After Zhao Hai discovered this, he thought of helping him and letting him stop caring about Shenji Hall's affairs. In fact, he was helping him. Of course, Shenji Hall needs to be reformed, which is one of the aspects. Because of this, Zhao Hai said those words to Wen Yuming. He was helping Wen Yuming and letting Wen Yuming know how important his research was this time.

After leaving Shenji Hall, Zhao Hai directly sent a notice to the other core elders and senior managers of the Blood Killing Sect, telling them about the personnel changes in Shenji Hall, and also told them that Wen Yuming was the It's equivalent to seclusion. If there's nothing going on, don't disturb him.

Wen Wenhai and others were a little surprised after receiving Zhao Hai's letter, but they also knew that Zhao Hai would not lie to them, let alone think that Zhao Hai was seizing power. For the Blood Killing Sect, if you have such If you think so, then you are definitely a fool. In the Blood Killing Sect, there are no such intrigues at all, because in the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai’s prestige is too high, and there are too many people loyal to Zhao Hai. Don’t say that Zhao Hai is not Let Wen Yuming be the leader of Shenji Hall. Even if Zhao Hai asks Wen Yuming to charge tomorrow, Wen Yuming won't even hesitate, so why should he seize power? In the Blood Killing Sect, all the All the power belongs to Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai doesn't like to use it.

In fact, this is a contradiction. In Zhao Hai's view, the Blood Killing Sect is not just for him, but for everyone in the Blood Killing Sect. He leads everyone forward, and in turn, these people push him forward. They are a whole. . But in the eyes of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the Blood Killing Sect belongs to Zhao Hai, and it is Zhao Hai who is following them forward. Without Zhao Hai, more than 95% of them would never be able to ascend. , but now they have all ascended, which is very important nowadays, and it is precisely because of this that they believe that all the power in the Blood Killing Sect belongs to Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai can give it to whoever he wants. Take it back, take it back, it's that simple.

People in Shenji Hall also knew that Wen Yuming had become the deputy hall leader and was doing research in seclusion, but there was no response from Shenji Hall. The senior officials of Shenji Hall knew very well that Wen Yuming liked to do research. , much more than they like managing Shenji Hall, so they not only have no objection to Zhao Hai's decision, but are very happy.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also issued an order. Special managers will appear in Shenji Hall. Some previous managers, as long as they do not want to do management work, can all report it. Then they will be responsible for future management work. You don’t have to worry about it anymore, just do research specifically.

As soon as the news was released, many elders in Shenji Hall handed over their management rights, and they all looked very happy. Zhao Hai was also very impatient with their reaction, but he There is no way. For those who focus entirely on research, management work is not a power to them, but a drag, so they hand over all the power in their hands. Anyway, they have no power. , their status will not change, and their treatment will not change in any way. The Blood Killing Sect has always spared no effort in supporting Shenji Hall. No matter what they want, they will all be satisfied. Here Under such circumstances, what do they need the power for? If they need it, they can just ask the sect directly.

It can be said that the Blood Killing Sect's management of Shenji Hall is very relaxed. Except for the manufacturing base, which has a relatively heavy workload, the laboratories of Shenji Hall are actually very relaxed. You can do research whenever you want. , you can do research whenever you want, you can even say, you can research whatever you want, and the sect will fully support it.

It's just that no one in Shenji Hall who can independently have a laboratory is too relaxed. Their love for research is far greater than their love for practice, so you don't have to worry at all, they will be lazy. On the contrary, you have to watch them and let them not forget to practice. This is the most important thing.

Laura and the others have managed logistics work for many years. They have countless subordinates, and each of them has several deputies, so Laura has no shortage of managers. In fact, in the Blood Killing Sect, this kind of daily management, It can also be regarded as a task, and even for some disciples, it can be regarded as a kind of practice, so there is no shortage of such people.

Some people may find it strange, shouldn’t all monks focus on practicing? Who would study management specifically? Wouldn't this delay their practice? In fact, this is not the case. There are many kinds of training for monks, and practicing in the world is also an indispensable part of it.

If a monk has not practiced in the world, he will not be able to go too far. Practicing in the world can allow you to see clearly the various conditions of the world and experience the ups and downs of life. Therefore, practicing in the world is also very important, even if it is said that bloodshed In the sect, there are not so many things, but this management work is also very training. It can also be regarded as a kind of worldly practice. There are many disciples who must pass this level after they have reached a certain level of practice. , so there is never a shortage of managers of the Blood Killing Sect.