c7192 Breakthrough is imminent

While Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun were talking about these things, Zhao Hai and Laura were also looking at the two people. After listening to their words, Zhao Hai fell silent. After a while, he turned to face Laura and the others said: "It seems that I have ignored their feelings. I really didn't expect that they would think so, but that's right. Being famous is indeed too hard, and I am involved too much in these things. Laura, I think you should take over the Shenji Hall. After you get famous, you will only be responsible for research and management. At the same time, you will be responsible for sending some disciples to the Shenji Hall. Just be responsible for the management exclusively, and let those in Shenji Hall be responsible only for research. Let management and research be completely separated, what do you think?"

Laura smiled and said: "That's okay. Management and research are separated, so that those who like research can do research specifically, and those who manage, as long as they manage well, neither side will do it." Is there any trouble? But you'd better discuss this matter with Wen Yuming and see what he thinks. If you suddenly send someone to take over the power in his hands, even if he doesn't want those powers , I’m afraid I’ll feel uncomfortable.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I will ask Lao Wen now, and you should also make some preparations. Even if Lao Wen still wants to be the leader of the hall, he must send management disciples and separate management from research. , is already an inevitable choice." After saying this, Zhao Hai's figure disappeared directly.

The next moment Zhao Hai appeared in Shenji Hall, and Wen Yuming was assigning tasks to the people below. He knew Shenji Hall too well. Everyone was good at something, and that person had a job. That person didn't have a job, and he knew all about it, so it was very easy to assign the task.

After assigning the task, Wen Yuming just breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Zhao Hai had appeared in his room. Wen Yuming immediately stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at Wen Yuming and smiled. He said: "Okay, Lao Wen, you're welcome. Come, sit down and let's chat." Wen Yuming was a little confused and didn't know what Zhao Hai meant or what he wanted to say.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Yuming, smiled slightly and said: "Lao Wen, I just want to talk to you about the current Shenji Hall. Last time our Blood Killing Sect made major adjustments, the adjustments here in Shenji Hall were the smallest. , this shows that you are doing a good job, so there is no need to do anything here in Shenjitang, but I have recently discovered that the management of Shenjitang is also a problem. All management matters are put on you, and you still have to do something You have to study and practice, so you never seem to have enough time. I want to ask you, do you have any ideas now?"

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but hesitate. Just as Chang Jun and Wen Wenhai guessed, he really felt that he didn't have enough time, and he really felt that he was not able to manage Shenji Hall. Very bored, but as Wen Wenhai said, his position as the leader of Shenji Hall was given to him by Zhao Hai. If he really wanted to resign, he felt a little sorry for Zhao Hai, so he never resigned. , but in this way, his time is even more insufficient.

Now when Zhao Hai asked, he didn't think much about it after hearing the name. He knew very well that in the Blood Killing Sect, you don't need those vain things, it's useless. They are monks, and this is the Blood Killing Sect. You can say whatever you have here. Zhao Hai will never blame you, so you can say whatever you have.

Thinking of this, Wen Yuming took a deep breath, then nodded and said: "Yes, Sect Master, there are more and more things happening here in Shenji Hall, and I have more and more things to manage, and I still have to do I have to do research and practice, so I feel that time is always not enough. So, Sect Leader, I would like to resign as the leader of Shenji Hall. I will only be responsible for research work in Shenji Hall. I don’t want to be in management anymore. I want to ask you, Sect Master. Don’t send someone to take over the management of Shenji Hall, I don’t know if it’s possible.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "You really have such an idea. What if I send you some people specifically responsible for management here at Shenji Hall? People who do research are specialized Do research, and the people responsible for management are specifically responsible for management. In the end, they will summarize the things you have to deal with every day, and they can handle the small things themselves. In this way, what you have to do is Very few, so do you still want to resign as the hall leader?"

Wen Yuming shook his head without thinking and said: "No, Sect Master, I really don't want to be the master of this hall anymore. Sect Master, my research and practice have already taken up a lot of time. Really?" I'm not in the mood to deal with those things anymore, so just let others manage Shen Ji Tang."

When Zhao Hai heard what Yu Ming said, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Okay, let's do this. From now on, you will be the deputy hall master of Shenji Hall, and you will also be the core elder. You will only do research. As for management, you will also You can put forward your own opinions, but you don’t have to be responsible for specific management affairs. I will let Laura and the others do the management work. How about it? Do you think it’s okay?” Zhao Hai still values ​​Wen Yuming’s opinions very much. Yes, after all, Wen Yuming is now the leader of the first hall of the Blood Killing Sect. This position is really too attractive for those who value power. He is afraid that Wen Yuming will not be allowed to manage it. , there will be some resistance after hearing the name. If that is really the case, that would not be good.

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be overjoyed. He quickly said: "Okay, great, there is no problem at all. Please rest assured, sect master. Madam can come and take over the management of Shenji Hall at any time. In fact, Shenji Hall The management here is also very easy. We just need to keep an eye on the production base. We don't have to worry too much about the laboratories. We just need to assign some tasks to them. Of course, each of them has its own different characteristics. , when allocating, they should also be allocated according to their characteristics. They will also make some applications, but generally they can be passed. I just don’t want to deal with these requests. Now I don’t want to deal with these things anymore. , I just want to do my own research. I am currently studying the improvement of energy beasts, which takes a long time, so I really don’t have time to manage the Shenji Hall."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, you write down all the things that need attention in management. I will go back and talk to Laura and the others and let them take over the management of Shenji Hall. As for you, just demote it to deputy hall master." , Lao Wen, you people here in Shenji Hall, the techniques you practice are different from others. The techniques you practice are actually the same as what you study. This time you study the improvement of energy beasts. , this has something to do with the use of energy and magic formations, and the exercises you practice have long been changed to Shenji. This set of Shenji exercises has many changes. If 10,000 people learn it, there will be 10,000 Judging from your current situation, you have reached a bottleneck, and this research will be of great help in breaking through this bottleneck, so you should regard this research as a Go into seclusion, and when doing research, don’t deliberately think about the breakthrough of the technique, just treat it as an ordinary research, do you understand?”

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He really didn't expect that he was on the verge of a breakthrough. He immediately rushed towards Zhao Hai He saluted and said, "Yes, Sect Master, please rest assured, I know what to do, and I will never let you down, Sect Master."

Zhao Hai nodded. In fact, he did not lie to Wen Yuming. The skills practiced by Wen Yuming were indeed on the verge of breaking through, and Shenji's set of skills were really ever-changing. Zhao Hai even thinks that the set of skills of Shenji can include all the skills in the world, but it is not possible yet, and the set of skills of Shenji is also very beneficial to monks, then The practice of this set of exercises will change according to the practice of the monks. If you are good at using swordsmanship, then if you practice the set of exercises called Shenji, this set of exercises may eventually become a set of exercises. It is not inferior to any top-notch sword training techniques. If you practice physical cultivation techniques, then this set of techniques will become a set of techniques that is not inferior to any top-notch physical cultivation techniques. This is also This is where the Shenji technique is most powerful.

There is another feature of Shenji's set of skills that Zhao Hai has only recently discovered, that is, when Shenji's set of skills makes a breakthrough, what he wants is not that you deliberately pursue breakthroughs, but that you don't deliberately pursue breakthroughs. It is useless to think, I want to break through, I want to break through. This set of skills of Shenji pursues an accumulation. As long as you accumulate enough, then you will break through, and the more you don’t want to With him, it may be easier for you to break through. This is the most magical part of the Shenji technique.

What this set of exercises pursues is to do something intentionally or unintentionally. It emphasizes doing nothing and letting nature take its course. This is what Zhao Hai likes most about this set of exercises. It can be said that the set of exercises of Shenji is Those are not the supreme magic weapons of genius monks. As long as you learn this set of exercises, you will become a master sooner or later. Even if you ascend, it is not a problem, but the speed of practice may be a little slow. , because this set of exercises emphasizes accumulation.

Some people may find it strange that Shenji's set of exercises is said to be smart and ever-changing. It should follow a clever route. Why does it focus more on accumulation? In fact, this is very simple. Any skill is inseparable from clumsiness, and this clumsiness is actually accumulation. This is just like a scientific study. Any kind of scientific research is actually about accumulation. , use some previous basic research to accumulate, and use countless failures to accumulate, and finally you can research what you want. In the end, you may even find that you have unintentionally been ahead of everyone. This is the benefit of accumulation, and the same goes for Shenji, who also pays attention to this kind of accumulation.

The reason why Zhao Hai was able to discover the magic of the Shenji technique was also because of accumulation, but it was not his accumulation, but the accumulation of Laura and the others. It was Laura and the others who made Zhao Hai discover the Shenji technique. Only then did he realize the magic of the technique. In fact, the most precious thing in the Blood Killing Sect was this set of techniques.