c7197 phantom array

The voice of the King of Hell came: "You don't have to worry about me here. I'm ready and can act at any time. What? Do you want to attack now?" The command of the King of Hell is those giant undead beasts, giant stone bulls, aliens and those There are hundreds of millions of people in the magic square, that’s why he asked this question.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, let's take action. First use the energy beast to attack and see how the defense capabilities of their island are, and then we will attack." The King of Hell responded, and then there was no sound. Gu Yuanzheng also put away the communication array. He knew that the King of Hell was about to attack, so he turned his head and looked at the city quietly. He really wanted to see how the city's defense capabilities were. .

Sure enough, soon the energy giants flew out from the magic array. After they flew into the sky, the energy giants flew directly towards the city. They The speed was very fast, and it went straight towards the protective shield on the city.

A loud bang was heard, and then the energy beast was turned into streaks of white light and disappeared. The shield on the city only shook for a moment, but did not explode. Seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but narrow his eyes. He knew very well how powerful those energy behemoths were. Now that so many energy behemoths hit the shield, they only made the shield shake. For a moment, you can see how strong the shield is.

But at this time, the attacks of those energy giant beasts never stopped. One by one, the energy giant beasts all exploded, but no one appeared in the city's shield. The problem is that at most it just shakes more violently, and it doesn't look like it's broken at all.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng saw this situation, he knew that it would be useless to continue like this. He had to let the undead behemoth start to attack, so he immediately ordered: "The undead behemoth, the stone giant alien, charge. ." Following his order, the giant undead beasts and the giant stone aliens all rushed forward. The giant stone aliens were also covered with stone armor, but this stone armor was not like what they were wearing in the sky. The reason why the stone armor is so thick is that if they wear such thick stone armor, they will not be able to move at all. They can fly, but now that there is a forbidden air formation, they can't fly, so they can only wear thinner ones. Shijia, it’s so convenient for me to move.

These giant beasts are taller than the city wall, and their weight is also very huge. Now that they are running, the ground is really shaking, and the whole earth is shaking. The speed at which these giant beasts charge is astonishing. Very fast, and their target is the shield.

Just when they were about to rush to the shield, countless giant arrows suddenly flew out from the city. These arrows were all about three meters long. They were like spears. These arrows were heading straight towards Those undead beasts and giant stone alien aliens shot over, and bursts of breaking wind made bursts of howling sounds in the air.

Dang, dang, after a few loud noises, those spears all shot at the giant undead beasts, but the giant undead beasts were all covered in armor, and the armor on their bodies was very thick, so they were not afraid of that at all. The shooting of spears, as for the giant stone bulls, it goes without saying. Although the stone armor on their bodies is much thinner, it is still relatively speaking. In fact, there are probably dozens of stone armors on their bodies now. Mi thick, the spear hit their stone armor. Even if it could penetrate, it would be blocked by the stone armor in the end, and it would be impossible to hurt those giant stone aliens.

Then the giant undead beasts and giant stone aliens all hit the shield, and a rumbling sound was heard. The shield shook even more violently, but they still could not be broken, and just at this At that moment, the giant stone bulls also rushed over. These giant stone bulls hit the shield. Coupled with the energy giant beasts in the sky, the shield finally couldn't hold on anymore. There was a clicking sound, and finally it broke apart.

As soon as the shield was broken, the giant beasts rushed towards the city. But at this moment, the giant beasts suddenly turned a corner and passed by the city in one go. He did not rush to the city. Such a situation made Gu Yuanzheng, who was looking at the situation below in the sky, couldn't help but be stunned. He didn't know what was going on. Why did those giant beasts not attack the city instead of attacking it? Did it go around the city?

He immediately wrote a letter to one of the giant undead beasts. Although these giant undead beasts were willing to appear in the form of giant beasts, they actually had their spiritual intelligence activated, so if you need anything, just ask them directly. Well, Gu Yuanzheng was now connected to one of the giant beasts. As soon as he was connected, he immediately said: "Crazy dragon, what's going on with you? Why didn't you attack the city after bypassing it?"

"Elder, we are attacking. We will rush to the city soon. It's strange, why is this road so long?" came a simple and honest voice. This voice belonged to the mad dragon. The mad dragon was a dead animal. The Spirit Behemoth, he is a dragon-shaped undead behemoth. When he was alive, he was a giant dragon, and later he became an undead behemoth. After opening his spiritual intelligence, he also gave himself a name, which is called Crazy dragon.

As soon as Kuanglong said this, Gu Yuanzheng immediately understood what was going on. It must be a phantom formation. There must be another phantom formation in these Yasha cities, and this phantom formation caused Kuanglong and the others to hallucinate. They thought the city was still ahead of them, but in fact they had already bypassed it.

Gu Yuanzheng knew that what he was saying was useless now. When he thought of this, he immediately said: "Old Bai, hurry up, attack with sky full of fire." Gu Yuanzheng knew very well that at this time, he was sending other people to attack The final result of that city is probably the same, and it will also be confused by the opponent's illusory formation, so at this time, the best way to attack is to fill the sky with fire.

Baiyan responded, and then countless sky-wide fires were shot out from the Blood Killing Battle Castle and attacked the city. But at this moment, a layer of fire appeared in the sky above the city. The shield, the shield had already been formed before the sky-wide fire hit the city. The sky-wide fire shot directly onto the shield, causing the shield to shake for a while, but it did not break. It actually blocked those sky-filled fires.

When Gu Yuanzheng saw this situation, he couldn't help but secretly thought that it was a pity. He really didn't expect that the protective shield in this city could be restored so quickly. Moreover, the strength of these Yasha clan is really very good. They Not only can they create such a strong shield, but they can also create such a powerful illusion array. Although the power of the Shadow Clan's laws must be helping, the strength of those Yaksha is definitely not weak.

Thinking of this, Gu Yuanzheng took another look at the giant undead beasts. Those giant undead beasts were still circling around the city. It seemed that they would not be able to get out for a while. Gu Yuanzheng felt a headache for a while, and then He said: "Crazy dragon, listen carefully. You are in the enemy's illusory formation. Now you must obey my orders and come out of the illusory formation. Do you understand?" Gu Yuanzheng was very confused. It is clear that Kuanglong and the others must be brought out. If they cannot be brought out, it will be a big trouble for them to attack the city next.

When Kuanglong heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he was slightly startled, and then he immediately responded. He had already sensed that something was wrong. They were not far from the city, and they should have attacked the city long ago. But they have been running for such a long time, but they still haven't reached the city. This in itself is a big problem. Now when he heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he immediately believed it.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "You inform everyone now and listen to my orders." After saying that, he immediately contacted Shu Li, and then said: "Old Shu, now the giant stone bull alien has disappeared. When they get to the illusion formation, you have to make them obey your orders, otherwise they won't be able to get out for a while."

As soon as Chen Li heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he immediately said: "Okay, I will give the order right now." After saying that, there was no sound. After a while, Chen Li's voice came again: "Okay, I have already You have given the order, and those stone giant aliens will definitely obey your orders."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, ended the call with Shen Li, and then said: "Crazy dragon, listen to my orders, and let those stone giant aliens also listen to your orders and be ready." Listening After the mad dragon responded, he then saw the mad dragon giving orders to other undead beasts, and at the same time roared at the stone giant aliens, and then heard the mad dragon using the communication circle to give him A message came: "Elder Gu, we are ready, you can give the order."

Gu Yuanzheng hummed, and then said: "Now tell them all to close their eyes." Kuang Long responded, and then issued the order. When Gu Yuanzheng saw that all the giant beasts were ready, he said: " Now we turn our bodies to the right, and then run directly forward, with our eyes closed." Following the order of the Ancient Expedition, the undead giant beasts and stone giant aliens all turned to the right neatly, and then immersed themselves in the charge. Keep moving forward.

Gu Yuanzheng has been watching Kuanglong and the others. Fortunately, the illusion array created by the opponent seems to only affect people's mental power and vision, and does not really directly control people's actions. Therefore, Kuanglong and the others' special movements It went very smoothly, and within a short time, they had rushed to a place ten miles outside the city.

The shield in the city seems to be only useful for attacks from the outside to the inside, but has no use against attacks from the inside to the outside. That's why those giant undead beasts rushed out of the city so easily. , without any impact.

Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "Okay, Kuanglong, please open your eyes and see if you have left the illusion." Kuanglong responded, and then all the giant beasts opened their eyes, and then Kuanglong's The voice came: "Elder Gu, we have come out of the illusion. We can already see our army. Let's return to the team now." After saying that, he led the army of giant beasts and ran directly in the direction of the undead army. , seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng also let out a sigh of relief. It seemed that they had really gone out of the illusion.