c7201 observe

After thinking about this, Wen Wenhai felt relieved. The other party could leave at any time, which meant that they would not necessarily fight with them. This was actually a good thing for them, and the other party As long as they could leave at any time, it would make sense for those Yashas to attack them when they were not surrounded.

However, Wen Wenhai did not take it lightly. He knew very well that he could not let down his guard at any time, otherwise, they would be the ones who suffered. Therefore, although Wen Wenhai told others his guess, he still let them, You must be vigilant, don't take it lightly, and follow their plan step by step.

Naturally, Gu Yuanzheng also received the notice from Wen Wenhai. After thinking about it, he felt that it was nothing special. He was not in a hurry. It didn't matter whether the enemy would retreat or fight them desperately. They were all the same anyway. In order to understand the level of the Yasha clan's magic circle skills by attacking this city, there is no need to pay too much attention to what they want to do, because the purpose of their battle is already very clear, which is to understand the Yasha clan's magic skills. To what extent the formation has been used, the second priority is to eliminate those members of the Yaksha clan.

Therefore, after Gu Yuanzheng received the notice from Wen Wenhai, he did not take it too seriously. He is now waiting for the people from the Shenji Camp to come over. If he wants to break the formation, he still has to look at these people from the Shenji Camp. Everyone else is waiting for them. No, and this time the person sent by the Shenji Battalion to break the formation was Old Man Jiu Suan.

The old man is the leader of the Nine Turtle Clan, and the Nine Turtle Clan also has a name, the Formation-Breaking Beast Clan, so for the Nine Turtle Clan, breaking formations is their specialty, so they were sent here. It's the most appropriate thing, but now the old man Jiu Suan is commanding the disciples of the Necromancer clan to arrange the billion-person Rubik's Cube formation. Only after these formations are arranged, will they come to break the formation.

It was already a day later when Old Man Jiusuan had arranged the Necromancer Clan's 100-million-person Rubik's Cube Formation. Only then did he arrive at the front line and directly find Gu Yuanzheng. Gu Yuanzheng also respects the old man Jiu Suan very much, because the old man Jiu Suan is also a servant of Zhao Hai, and his status is the same as him. It can be said that Gu Yuanzheng respects the old man Jiu Suan more than Wen Wenhai and the others, because the two They are all Zhao Hai's servants, so naturally they have a closer relationship.

So as soon as Gu Yuanzheng saw Old Man Jiu Suan, he immediately saluted Old Man Jiu Suan and said, "Uncle Jiu Suan, I'm going to trouble you this time." Old Man Jiu Suan is the leader of the Jiusuan Turtle clan. In addition to his age , is already very big, so Gu Yuanzheng will respectfully call him Uncle Nine.

The old man Jiusuan also smiled and said: "Okay, expedition, you don't have to be so polite to me. This time Elder Wen asked me to break the formation. In fact, I am very happy. The magic circle skills of the Yaksha clan are so good." Very powerful. I really want to see what their magic circle ability is like and whether it can give us any inspiration. You also know that the magic circle technique is fundamental to us, and it is also very helpful to the young master. It’s huge. If a new magic circle system can be discovered here, it will be a good thing for us.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Then this depends on you, Uncle Jiu. You also know that we don't know much about the magic circle. Uncle Jiu, look at when we will start." Gu Yuanzheng did not He wasn't in a hurry, but he was afraid of missing something, so he asked like this.

The old man Jiu Suan said: "Don't worry, the city is now surrounded by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. We can't see the situation in the city clearly at all. In this case, it is not easy to break the formation." thing, and even if we want to break the formation, we must first see how the shield will react when it is attacked, so using technology to break the formation is not a simple matter, so, As for you, first mobilize some magic wheels, and then slowly advance towards the city, force the power of the Shadow Clan's laws into the city, expose the shield, and then attack the shield. To attack, just use long-range attacks, just attack from the energy monster, and see how the shield reacts when it is attacked."

Gu Yuanzheng responded, and then he immediately ordered some law wheels to be brought from the rear. The Blood Killing Sect had ready-made wheels for these magic circles. The Blood Killing Sect would not use them at ordinary times, because the Blood Killing Battle Fort It comes with a wheel of law, and their magic cube formation can automatically form a wheel of law. Even if it doesn't work, the incarnation of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can also turn into a wheel of law, so the blood killing sect has become a wheel of law. Some of the wheels of law that were not made of blood gold were put away and no one used them for a long time.

This time, Old Man Jiu Suan wanted to know what kind of reaction the city's protective shield would have when it was attacked. This required forcing the power of the Shadow Clan's laws back. Only in this way could we see clearly what the protective shield was about. What kind of reaction would there be under their attack and how would the energy change? That's why he wanted to use the Wheel of Law.

The reason why the disciples of the undead clan are not allowed to pass is because they are afraid that too many people will cause the reaction of the yakshas in the city. If those yakshas attack, they may cause abnormal energy fluctuations, which will not be of any benefit to him in breaking the formation. Yes, so the old man Jiu Suan wanted to use only some wheels of law and not let the people of the undead clan go up.

The wheels of law arrived quickly. Gu Yuanzheng commanded the disciples of the Necromancer clan to place the wheels of the magic circle next to the power of the law of the shadow clan, and then activated the wheels of the magic circle. Waiting until those As soon as the Wheel of Law was activated, the power of the Shadow Clan's Law was directly pushed back by the power of the Blood Killing Clan's Law, but it was only pushed back about a mile before it stopped. There seems to be a black shield that blocks the power of the Blood Killing Sect's laws.

As soon as he saw this situation, Old Man Jiusuan immediately knew that he had encountered a protective barrier in the city. He immediately led Gu Yuanzheng and several experts to fly to the edge of the protective barrier, and soon arrived there. There, the old man Jiu Suan stretched out his hand and touched the shield.

The shield was very elastic. When he touched it with his hand, he felt as if he had touched a soft tire. He could press it down when he pressed it. When he let go, the shield immediately bounced back. Now, This surprised Old Man Jiusuan, and then he put his hand on the shield, closed his eyes, and felt quietly. He wanted to feel whether the energy of the shield was stable.

After a while, he opened his eyes, with a solemn look in his eyes, and then he said in a deep voice: "Yuanzheng, let the energy giant cover attack the shield. I want to watch more carefully." Gu Yuanzheng He responded, and then immediately gave the order for the energy beast to attack.

Following his order, energy beasts all flew out of the magic array of the undead army of hundreds of millions and tens of millions of people. After these energy beasts flew up, they immediately flew towards the shield. The speed was very fast, and he had reached the shield in a blink of an eye, and then bumped into the shield.

With a loud roaring sound, the shield began to shake, but the amplitude of the shaking was very small. When those several thousand-mile-long energy beasts hit the shield, the The energy amplitude was much larger, but it did not break. During the whole process, Old Man Jiusuan kept looking at the shield. Several times, he put his hands on the shield, as if he was feeling the shield. The change.

After waiting for two quarters of an hour after those giant energy beasts attacked, Old Man Jiusuan said: "Let's go back, let's go back." Gu Yuanzheng responded, and just as he was about to step back with Old Man Jiusuan, suddenly his eyes There was a flash of light, and then a long knife appeared in his hand, and a sword light danced in front of him.

And just when Gu Yuanzheng showed his long sword, several thick black spears shot out directly from the shield. The targets were him and the old man Jiu Suan. At this time, the masters of the undead clan , had also taken out their weapons and protected themselves among them, preventing those spears from attacking them.

The old man Jiu Suan didn't pay attention. He just stepped back and looked at the shield. The shield was shaking more and more, but it didn't look like it was going to be broken at all, so the old man Jiu Suan looked at it very carefully. , while looking back, as if pulling away and observing the shield carefully.

When they retreated to a place about five miles away from the shield, there were finally no black spears attacking them. It seemed that they had reached the limit of attack by the Yasha clan's bed slaves. Originally, people from the Blood Killing Sect thought that the attack limit of the bed slaves of the Yasha clan was about one thousand meters, which is about two miles, but now it seems that it is completely different. The attack distance of those bed slaves is at least At about twenty miles, such a distance is not beyond the expectations of the Blood Killing Sect, because even if a bed slave like that is made by a universal person, the attack range will be several hundred meters, let alone here But in the world of cultivation, it is a bed slave made by the Yasha clan. How can the attack range be so close?

The old man Jiu Suan was still retreating, and after about five miles, he stopped, and then said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Stay here alone, use the photo array to keep recording the shaking frequency of the shield, remember Yes, we need to time the time, based on the time of our blood killing sect, and the recorded images must be clearly recorded at the hour, minute and second."

Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "Okay, no problem." After saying that, he immediately arranged for a person next to him to do this. Then the old man Jiusuan led Gu Yuanzheng to the other side, and also asked people to go to the other side. The imaging array there was used to record the image of the shield shaking, and it also needed to be timed. Then the same was true for the other two sides. He also arranged for people to record the images on both sides.

After everything was arranged on all sides, Old Man Jiusuan stood on top of a giant undead beast, looking at the shield with a thoughtful look on his face. Although Gu Yuanzheng didn't know what he meant, But he didn't ask those people to stop recording, and he didn't give an order. He still asked those people to record there. He knew that Old Man Jiusuan would not let them do this for no reason.