c7208 Sphere array

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and then said: "Our Blood Killing Sect has been attacking steadily from the very beginning, so we must not be in a hurry. We still need to take our time and build the base first. Okay, let’s prepare for the attack, everyone has no objections, right?”

Everyone shook their heads. Of course they had no objections. The Blood Killing Sect's attacks had always been for stability, and it was the same now. What other objections could they have? Wen Wenhai looked at everyone's appearance, then nodded and said: "Okay, let's get to work. First build the base to prevent the enemy from sneak attacks. Shu Li, you have to work harder during this period. You must not Give the enemy a chance to sneak attack on us. What happened last time can only happen once. If it happens again, then I will ask the boss to punish you." Wen Wenhai was naturally talking about the last time, when King Xiaotian and the others rushed What they discovered when they arrived outside the base was that if they hadn't reacted quickly, what happened last time would have been really dangerous.

Shun Li stood up, clasped his fists and said, "Please rest assured, something like that will never happen again. Otherwise, the young master doesn't need to punish me, I will punish myself." After speaking, he turned to everyone. He hugged his fists and sat down. The others didn't say anything at all. Shu Li and the others just made a mistake. And speaking of it, it was not their fault for that matter, so they really were. Didn't take it too seriously.

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and said: "Okay, Shu Li, sit down. There's no need to do this. We all believe in you. We just want to tell you that you must not relax. The enemy we face this time is very cunning. Okay , that’s it for today, let’s go and finish the matter this time before we talk.”

Everyone responded, then turned and left. Li Ji also left, but there was a hint of a smile on her face, because she was really happy. It could be seen from Wen Wenhai and the others that they They have become very mature and can now stand on their own, which is very important to them.

Old Man Jiusuan returned to Shenji Hall and handed the jade slip to Wen Yuming. He then made a copy and gave it to Laura and the others. Then he returned to Shenji Hall and followed Wen Yuming and the others. They studied the contents of this jade slip together, and at this time, Laura and the others were also studying the contents of this jade slip.

This jade slip is actually a section of projection, and the really useful part of this section of projection is actually the period after the shield is breached until the entire city disappears. The projection during this period is the most useful. Because from this projection, you can see the layout of some magic circles in the city. Of course, the core of the most important magic circle in the center of the city did not appear until the moment the city disappeared. It was all hidden before.

Laura and the others made all the layouts of the magic circle into diagrams, and then put the diagrams into the optical brain. They used the optical brain to three-dimensionalize these diagrams, and then displayed them. What magic formations are in the picture is the most important. Only through these magic formations can we deduce the formation symbols. Only by completely understanding the rune system of the Yasha clan can we know the development of their magic formations. To what level.

Soon the optical brain already had the processing results. This time they extracted more than 500 talismans in total. The reason why they only extracted more than 500 talismans in such a big city was because of that method. In the formation, many formation talismans are repeated, so there are only more than 500 different formation talismans extracted, which is not a small number.

When Laura and the others looked at these extracted formation symbols, they always felt that they looked familiar. Then Laura and the others immediately asked the optical brain to compare the formation symbols that they knew. This time, the comparison result made them I was a little surprised, because the comparison results of these formation talismans turned out to be about 70% similar to the formation talismans used by the Shadow Clan. It was obvious at a glance that they were made from the same system.

Although Laura and the others were surprised, they also felt that it was acceptable, because they all knew that these Yashas became like this because of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so if they become like this now, then their There are so many similarities between the formation symbols, so it is understandable.

Later, Laura and the others combined some of the information in their hands to organize and compare these formation symbols, trying to figure out the functions of these formation symbols. Of course, the most important thing is that they also need to follow these formation symbols. Talisman, deducing the rune system of the entire Yasha clan, this is the most important thing.

This is not a simple job. In fact, it is not just Laura and the others. They are also famous for doing such things, and the speed is not slower than Laura and the others, but their optical brain is not as good as Laura and the others. Light Brain, in terms of deriving the rune system, they are lagging behind Laura and the others.

It is not a simple matter to deduce a completely different and very complete rune system, but Laura and the others already have experience, because this new Yaksha rune system is different from the Shadow Clan. Their rune systems overlap in many places, so they only need to compare them.

After comparison by Laura and the others, they discovered that the functions of those runes were very similar to those of the Shadow Clan. This made it easier for him to deduce their rune system. Laura and the others quickly deduced the entire rune system of the Yasha clan.

After completing this step, Laura immediately went to see Wen Yuming and the others, just to see what was going on there. After arriving at Shenji Hall, he discovered that Yu Ming and the others were almost on the verge of deducing the rune system, and the results were surprisingly similar to what Laura and the others had deduced.

Wen Yuming and the others did not expect that Laura and the others would also deduce the Yaksha rune system. They immediately confirmed the rune systems of both parties, and the final result also surprised Wen Yuming and them. Quickly they discovered the different runes. The different runes they derived were actually the same in essence. They were just slightly different in appearance. The energy they represented was actually the same. It was exactly the same, which also reassured Wen Yuming and them.

After hearing the name, they began to study the Yaksha's magic circle. This research really allowed them to study something. They found that the way the Yaksha clan's rune magic circle was used was very different from theirs. The difference is that they also use magic formations, but their magic formations are very special.

The rune system used by the Blood Killing Sect is actually a relatively popular rune system. They will arrange the runes according to the shape of the array, and finally form arrays one by one. Regardless of whether these arrays are flat They are three-dimensional and all have the shape of a magic circle.

The use of runes by the Yaksha clan is somewhat special. The runes used by the Yaksha clan do not form a magic circle, but form a rune radiating energy group. This rune radiating energy group is very special. This The rune radiation energy group is actually very special. It is actually a kind of magic circle, but it is a spherical magic circle, and all the runes are squeezed together, making it look like a sphere.

And this kind of spherical magic circle is also very special. This round ball is the core of a magic circle, and then the corresponding energy is released from this core, and the energy it releases is actually the magic circle itself. The energy released by the Blood Killing Sect's array is the same, and the range is similar. If you want to strengthen the energy of this array, you must arrange some array symbols within this energy range. Then the core of the ball will release energy, which will be transmitted to those formation symbols, and then form a whole with those formation symbols, so that the energy of the magic array will be strengthened.

This method was used in the city of the Yasha clan before. They arranged a huge spherical array core in the center of the city, and then arranged many array talismans in and outside the city. The core of the ball formation emits energy pillars connected to those formation talismans. Those formation talismans can conduct and strengthen the formation, so it finally became the shielding formation that gave the Blood Killing Sect a headache.

As for that illusion, just as the people of the Blood Killing Sect had guessed before, it was just a simple illusion array, which was a kind of energy that came with the protective array. Once the outer skin of the protective array was If it is broken, this illusory array will be activated and affect the things that enter the shield. Those giant undead beasts will do this.

This method of using the magic circle is something that people in the Blood Killing Sect have never thought of before. The way of using this magic circle has its own advantages and disadvantages compared with the way of using the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle. The clan-killing array can be arranged in a flat or three-dimensional form, and after years of development, as long as more than two-thirds of the array's eyes are destroyed, the array can operate and the spell can be guaranteed. The power of the formation above eight levels is a very remarkable achievement, but this kind of formation covers a large area and is very difficult to arrange, just like the layout of the small base of the Blood Killing Sect in the past. Those puppet disciples must be allowed to control the magic circles and combine those magic circles before they can establish a small base. This is actually very troublesome, but now the Blood Killing Sect has not found a good way. The best way is to let the puppet disciples directly incarnate those magic formations, but that also takes up a large area, and all the formation talismans must be spread out.

But the Yaksha clan does not use this kind of magic circle. What kind of magic circle you want to arrange, you can make a ball core in advance, and when you use it, just push the ball core outward. Throw it away, and then activate the core of the ball, and the magic circle will be formed naturally. As long as you control it well, the area and strength of this magic circle will be exactly the same as the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle, and there will be no difference. , and this is also one of the biggest advantages of this kind of magic circle.

Of course, this does not mean that this kind of magic circle has no shortcomings. Their shortcomings are also very obvious.