c7209 Magic circle test

The shortcomings of the Yaksha clan's magic circle are also very obvious, that is, their magic circle has only one core. Once someone attacks this core or breaks it, their magic circle will be destroyed and they will be killed. Zong's magic circle has been broken by two-thirds. As long as one-third of the magic circle's eyes can be protected intact, it can be used confidently, and it can even exert 80% of the magic circle's effect. And Yasha Once the core of this kind of magic circle of the clan is destroyed, the entire magic circle will be destroyed immediately. In other words, it may be broken in one blow.

Therefore, the two methods of using the magic circle have their own advantages and disadvantages. However, the spherical magic circle of the Yasha clan has also opened up a new way of thinking for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. The people of the Blood Killing Sect discovered that the magic circle could still be played like this. This was definitely good news for the people of the Shenji Hall. When they heard about it, they immediately devoted themselves to crazy research. among.

Laura and the others did not get involved with Wen Yuming and the others, but returned to their own residence. Wen Yuming had their own development ideas, and Laura and the others also had their own development ideas. Wen Yuming was their While thinking about how to maximize the power of this spherical magic circle, Laura and the others were thinking about another thing, which was how to use this spherical magic circle in their exercises.

The formation technique is the kind of technique invented by Laura and the others. Originally, the technique that Laura and the others invented was already very perfect. However, the emergence of this spherical formation made Laura and the others discover that this kind of technique was already perfect. It seems that there is still room for development in the practice, and it can still be improved.

For example, if all the magic arrays at each acupuncture point are replaced by this spherical magic array, will it take up a lot less space? Can more magic arrays be added to each acupoint? Also, can the energy array symbols running in the body be replaced by this spherical array? If we really do this, will the power of the technique be even greater?

It was precisely because of these thoughts that Laura and the others returned to their residence and began to study how to improve the formation skills. This was a big deal for them. The formation skills were their hard work for countless years. No one understood the formation skills better than them. Since they have achieved great success, they believe that they can definitely improve their formation skills.

But at this time, Wen Yuming and they were making a magic circle. This magic circle was the one they wanted to set up outside the Yaksha City before. It was the kind that absorbed the opponent's shield energy and barrier. The magic circle is an integrated magic circle. They want to try to make a spherical magic circle like that so that they can use it when dealing with the Yasha clan.

The reason why they wanted to make the magic circle so quickly after hearing the name is because this kind of spherical magic circle is really very simple for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as they know that this kind of magic circle exists, then they can almost do it. This kind of thing can be made. They just haven't thought of it before. Just because the magic circle can do this, it doesn't mean that they can't make it.

The reason why they have such confidence is because they really know too much about the magic circle and the energy of the magic talisman, so they have such confidence. Although the shape of this magic circle is different, , there are still many landowners with energy conflicts that need to be resolved, but for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, this is really not a problem. With the optical brain to help them with deductions and calculations, these things are not a big deal. They can totally work it out.

It is precisely because of this that after unlocking the opponent's spherical magic circle, they already had their own ideas, and then deduced it on the computer. Because the Blood Killing Sect now needs such a magic circle, they I want to make such a magic circle as soon as possible.

Soon the first spherical formation was completed due to Wen Yuming's efforts. This spherical formation looked like a big iron ball. It was nothing special and the diameter was not very large. It is only about one meter, and the surface is very smooth. It really looks like a big solid iron ball.

Looking at the iron ball, Wen Yuming took a deep breath and said in a deep voice: "Try it and see how it works." Everyone also nodded. Although this iron ball looks simple, it is theirs. In one attempt, they used their own way of understanding to crack the spherical magic circle of the Yasha clan. They wanted to see if what they cracked was correct. If it was correct, it meant that the Blood Killing Sect would be able to do so in the future. By making and using this kind of spherical magic circle, you can even combine the spherical magic circle with an ordinary magic circle, which will make the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle even more powerful.

Wen Yuming glanced at everyone and saw that everyone was looking at the iron ball with anxious faces. He couldn't help but smile. He knew that everyone was worried that this time the experiment would not be successful. Although he was also a little worried, he couldn't help but smile. They thought very clearly that they already knew this method, so it would be very simple for them to solve this magic circle. Even if they didn't succeed this time, they would definitely succeed in the future. There was nothing to worry about.

It is precisely because of this idea that I am in the mood to observe other people and laugh after hearing about my reputation. Then he was not polite and just used a magic formula to hit the iron ball. Then he used the magic formula to hit the iron ball. The iron ball immediately lit up, and a layer of glimmering light appeared on the iron ball. It looked like It's very beautiful, like a huge luminous ball.

As soon as they saw this situation, everyone's breath stopped. They knew that the appearance of this kind of light on the iron ball meant that the magic circle in the iron ball was activated, but the magic circle in the iron ball was activated. , it’s really hard to say whether it can operate normally and whether it can achieve the effect they want.

At this time, Wen Yuming turned to the old man Jiu Suan beside him and said: "Elder Jiu Suan, let's start." The old man Jiu Suan responded, and then he directly used a magic formula to penetrate into a magic circle next to him. , this magic circle is not very big, only about one meter in diameter, but after the magic circle is activated, a layer of shield appears on the surface of the magic circle. The diameter of this layer of shield is About two meters long, this is a protective array used by the Blood Killing Sect, a very common one.

And this protective array is a small version used for testing. Although it is a small version, its effect is not small at all. In this protective array, there is also a small yin and yang thunder pool, for this The shield array provides energy, which makes the defense of this small shield array very powerful and the energy supply is very sufficient. The next step is to see if the spherical array can put this shield The energy of the magic circle has been completely absorbed. If it can do this, it will be considered a success of the spherical magic circle.

He did not hesitate after hearing the name. He directly commanded the spherical magic circle. Under his command, the spherical magic circle rolled directly, and then directly hit the protective gear of the protective magic circle. After the shield was put on, the spherical array no longer moved, but was next to the shield array, as if it was stuck to the shield array.

Wen Yuming stepped forward and pushed the spherical magic circle, and found that the spherical magic circle was motionless. It was indeed stuck to the protective magic circle. This made Wen Yuming very excited. At the same time, he His attention also shifted to the protective array, and he wanted to see how the protective array was doing. Others had the same reaction as him.

At this time, the old man Jiu Suan suddenly said: "It's working. The energy of the shield is decreasing, and the rate of decrease is very fast. The energy has dropped to 70%, 65%, 6%." Ten, still falling." The old man Jiu Suan was holding a magic circle in his hand. There was a projection on this magic circle, and some numbers were displayed on it.

When everyone heard what he said, they couldn't help but be stunned, and then their faces showed joy. After hearing the name, they quickly came to the side of the old man Jiu Suan, looked at the projection in his hand, and found that the projection in his hand was The number had become fifty percent, which made him even more happy. He stared at the data and watched the number constantly changing.

Finally, in less than half an hour, the shield formation made a soft sound, and then disappeared. At the same time, a ball of white light immediately emerged from the iron ball, which directly covered the shield. On the magic circle, at this time, everyone's eyes were all focused on the old man Jiu Suan, or, to put it bluntly, on the projection in his hand.

Old Man Jiusuan looked at the projection, and after a while he raised his head and glanced at everyone, then laughed loudly and said: "It's successful, hahaha, it's successful, we succeeded, and now the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool in the protective array has been sealed. , can no longer provide energy to the protective array, which means that our barrier array is working."

When the old man Jiu Suan said this, everyone couldn't help but cheer. This meant that their previous understanding of the spherical array was correct. They had completely mastered the secret of the spherical array, and they could make it from now on. Their own spherical formation is really important to them.

Wen Yuming looked at everyone and just smiled, and then said: "Okay, don't forget, we still have one last step. Only if this last step is successful, will we truly succeed." Finally, he walked to the spherical magic circle. With a move of the magic formula in his hand, a magic magic formula penetrated into the spherical magic circle. Following his movements, the light on the spherical array disappeared and turned into an iron ball again, but then the iron ball cracked from the middle, as if it was an iron ball that was struck by someone. It looked like it was split in half from the middle.

As the iron ball turned into two halves, countless crystal stones suddenly fell out of the iron ball and scattered all over the floor. As soon as they saw the crystal stones on the ground, everyone cheered again. They knew it very well. Where do these crystals come from? These crystals are not the power source of the iron ball array. On the contrary, these crystals are the iron ball array. After absorbing the energy in the shield array, they carry out energy After compression, the energy crystal formed is produced by this iron ball array, and this is also the last step of the iron ball array test.