c7202 shield array

After recording like this for about an hour, Old Man Jiusuan asked them to stop, and then said in a deep voice: "Send all those jade slips with photos to me. I want to study them carefully." Gu Yuanzheng agreed. After making a sound, someone immediately sent the jade slip over, and then arranged a room for the old man Jiu Suan, and asked the old man Jiu Suan to carefully study the jade slip that caused the photo. He didn't know what the old man Jiu Suan was going to do. But he knew that he must be trying to break the formation.

The old man stayed in the room for about ten hours before he walked out of the room. Then he went directly to Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai also led him directly to the main hall, and then brought everyone there. Everyone was called to the main hall. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai said: "I called everyone here today because Elder Jiu Suan has something to tell you about the Yaksha Clan's shield. Don't worry. Come and listen." After saying that, he found a place to sit down, leaving the seat in front of him to the old man Jiu Suan.

Old Man Jiu Suan walked forward, then took out a jade slip, and then input a trace of spiritual energy into the jade slip. A projection immediately appeared next to him. Then Old Man Jiu Suan looked at the projection and said in a deep voice: "Yesterday I went to the front line to have a look, just to observe what the shields there looked like, and I really discovered some things. I will tell you about them today."

After speaking, he pointed at the projection and said: "Everyone has also seen that this is the shield. This shield is elastic, which means that it is not completely hard. I touched it with my hands and found that the shield is elastic. It’s very tough and elastic, and I feel like this shield doesn’t just have one layer, but many layers.”

Having said this, he paused for a moment, and then continued: "I tried it again to see if the energy of this shield is stable, because only a shield with stable energy can exert its maximum power. It will not be broken by others. As a result, I found that the amount of this energy shield is very stable, but while it is stable, it is constantly flowing. Its flow is very regular. This is actually a It’s a kind of stability, and it’s a very scary kind of stability.”

Then the old man Jiu Suan pointed at the projection again. At this time, there was already an energy giant on the projection attacking the shield. You could see the shaking of the shield. The old man Jiu Suan looked at the shaking shield and then said: "For To confirm my idea, I asked the energy beast to attack the shield. Finally, I found that even when attacked, the energy in the shield was running very stably, and the energy did not move too fast. It is not too slow, it is still very stable, and the stability is terrifying. This surprised me a little, because this is really the first time I have encountered such a shield. The shield we used before, when encountering an attack, There will always be some fluctuations in the energy, but their shield is very stable, which is surprising."

At this time, the shield on the projection had moved farther and farther away from the projection. Slowly, the entire shield appeared in the projection, and the shield in the projection also became a whole, a completely three-dimensional shield. The shield appeared in front of everyone. The old man Jiu Suan pointed at the projection and said: "Later, I asked people to take pictures of the whole person's shield from all sides, and finally this result appeared. This kind of shield of the Yasha clan, and It's not just as simple as one layer. It's actually divided into pieces. It's like a fish scale armor. It's layer by layer. When the shield encounters an attack, the shield's The shaking is not just because of the huge impact he received. In fact, it is a way for him to protect himself. The shaking of the shield is actually a way to eliminate the energy impact, just like this." After finishing nine The old man took a step forward on the shield on the projection. The shield sank in where the old man pointed it, and then the shield next to him lifted up slightly, as if it were you. Hitting one scale affects other scales, and the other scales will also rise up. But this kind of uplifting is not dead, but alive. When those scales are upturned, it will also cause ripples in the water. Likewise, the horse's power is transmitted outward, and during this transmission process, the power will be slowly consumed.

In actual combat, this process is naturally very fast, and most people can't notice it at all, so it looks like the shield is shaking, but in fact it is not. The shield is just fluctuating, moving in one place. All the strength I had endured was transferred away.

The old man Jiu Suan turned around and said to everyone: "Have you seen it? It looks like this. Their shield is like this as a whole, and their shield has more than one layer. The outermost layer looks like this. There may be several layers inside, and the power of these layers may be opposite, that is to say, the power of this layer may move like a left hand, while the power of the next layer may move like a right hand, so their protection It’s only because of the shield’s ability to withstand it that it’s so strong.”

He paused for a moment, then pointed at the shield and said: "In addition to this design, their shield also has another design, which is the support column design." At this point, he directed On the shield, the outer skin of the shield disappeared in an instant. Everyone seemed to see the city inside the shield, but in the city, there seemed to be many pillars supporting it outwards. Some of these pillars were upright, while others were slanted. In the end, all the pillars were placed in the middle of the city.

The old man Jiu Suan pointed at the projection and said: "Everyone should have seen it. In my opinion, the structure inside the shield should look like this. There are many energy support pillars inside, and on these energy support pillars, There is no energy network." After speaking, the old man waved his hand again, and a huge network immediately appeared on the pillars. The shape of this large network looked like a shield.

The old man Jiu Suan then said: "These energy nets are the support of the entire shield. When the shield is attacked, this energy net will sink downwards, and at the same time it will drive several energy columns around him to sink downwards, but these pillars and the pillar have some offsetting force, so a wave will be generated at the stress point of the shield, and finally spread out, so that most of the force on the shield can be absorbed It’s offset.”

Having said this, Old Man Jiusuan pointed at the shield and said: "And because the outer shield is scaly, although it can be broken, as long as the energy column inside it is not destroyed, then this shield can be In a short period of time, it was formed at once, and even if some energy pillars are destroyed, only most of the energy pillars are still there, and the shield can still be restored in a short time. This is the power of the shield."

At this point, the old man Jiu Suan stopped, and he continued: "So I think the key point of this kind of shield is actually in the middle of the city. In the center of the city, there is either a magic circle or a magic weapon. , only this thing can generate energy pillars and form this shield."

Wen Wenhai and the others stared blankly at the projection next to Old Man Jiu Suan. They never thought that there would be so many questions inside that shield. This was much stronger than the shield they used. With him, you can imagine that a shield with internal support is stronger, or a shield that is broken. This comparison can be said to be clear at a glance.

The old man Jiu Suan then said: "As for the phantom array inside, I have not seen it with my own eyes, but I also asked about the undead beasts who were hit by the phantom array. They said that they just felt that they were always there. Running towards the target, but the target is always far away from them. They never know that they have turned. They always think that they are running straight forward, so this situation occurs. If it is really In this case, it means that the illusion array is not very powerful, but don't underestimate this kind of battle array, because the simpler the illusion array, the harder it is to break, because the simpler the illusion array is, the harder it is to break. , which means that the smaller the energy it requires, the smaller the area occupied by the magic circle. In this case, it is not easy for you to find the eye of the magic circle and destroy it in one fell swoop. matter."

After speaking, Elder Jiu Suan clasped his fists at everyone, and then returned to his seat. Wen Wenhai walked to the front again at this time. He turned his head and glanced at everyone, and then said: "Elder Jiu Suan has already put the shield on The matter was explained in great detail, please tell me what you think."

Everyone frowned, and no one spoke. Even Li Ji, who came to attend this meeting, did not speak. Although Li Ji was very knowledgeable in the art of magic circles, she really didn't know how to use magic circles like this. It was the first time she encountered it, so she was very surprised by this kind of magic circle, and she couldn't think of a way to break it for a while.

When Wen Wenhai saw that no one spoke, he turned to the old man Jiu Suan and said, "Elder Jiu Suan, do you have any way to break the formation?" Now he could only hope to see if the old man Jiu Suan was the right one. Is there any way to break the formation? After all, when it comes to breaking the formation, their Nine Calculation Turtles are experts.

The old man Jiu Suan shook his head and said: "At present, there is no good way, because the core of this magic circle is in the city. Even if we break the shield, at most we will only break the outside of the shield." Shell, we have not destroyed the support pillars inside, let alone the core of this magic circle, so there is no good way at all, unless we can destroy the shell outside the magic circle, we will send out the A master can directly rush into the city and destroy the core of the magic circle from the city. As soon as the core is destroyed, the magic circle will also be broken. But this is too difficult. The reason why the enemy The core of the magic circle is placed in the city because we are worried that it will be destroyed. If we enter the city to destroy the core of the magic circle, we will definitely be attacked by the entire city, and there must be experts in the city. In this case, we will face attacks from the entire city. I am afraid that no one will want to encounter this situation, because it is too dangerous, so if we want to break this shield, the method is really not many."