c7200 productive forces

Everyone nodded. The floating island left a deep impression on them. Although they now have some experience and have produced a large number of stone giant aliens and iron balls, but if What they are facing is a large number of floating islands, which will still pose certain dangers, so it is really necessary to make some preparations in advance.

Wen Wenhai then turned to Shu Li and said: "Elder Shu Li, you must not stop making giant stone ox aliens. Although the iron ball seems to be useful now, when it is used, does it look like It looks so good, but it’s hard to tell, so we have to be prepared with both hands, lest one thing goes wrong and there is no remedy.”

Shun Li nodded, and Wen Wenhai turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Elder Gu, you are the vanguard of the entire sect, so when you encounter enemies, you must be careful and communicate more with other people. If necessary, , you can ask for support in any situation, what we are facing now is an intelligent race, we must not take any chances."

Gu Yuanzheng also nodded. After these few battles, he also discovered that those Yaksha clan are definitely not easy to deal with, so when fighting against the Yaksha clan this time, he actually used a lot of resources, like Let Baiyan and his bloody battle fort come forward to help in the battle, this is what he proposed. Of course, he will not make fun of the lives of his disciples. They are not afraid of risking their lives, but they will not let their disciples die.

Wen Wenhai then said: "Monitor the city to see if there are any changes. Now he is surrounded by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. If there is no change in him, then our action is to surround them first. , use the power of the laws of our Blood Killing Sect to completely separate this city from the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and isolate him. Even if he is still surrounded by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, let us We can't clearly see the situation inside. It's easy for us to deal with them. If there are any changes in them, we can conduct a test first, and then the attack method is still to surround him. In short, we must Separate this city from the power of the Shadow Clan's Law, otherwise they will continue to receive a steady stream of support from the Shadow Clan's Law Power, which will make it very difficult for us to deal with him."

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai's proposal was very reasonable. If the city was really supported by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then they would have to spend several times the power to capture the city. , so it is very necessary to cut off their source of power.

Chang Jun also said at this time: "So the next thing will be based on this method. We will build our base here first, do our own defense work first, and then deal with the enemy. , Is there no problem with everyone? If there is no problem, then you can do this. "

Everyone shook their heads, and then said in unison: "No." Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun both nodded, and then Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, as long as there is no problem, let's go back and prepare." Everyone said in unison. He responded, then turned and left. Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun were about to write a letter to Laura.

At this time, Laura had actually watched the whole process of their meeting, and then Laura said: "Wenhai and the others did a good job, but I think there are problems if we don't participate in this meeting. There are some things that we need to step up to. The problem cannot be solved immediately in the meeting, but must be reported to us afterwards. I think this is not good at all. We must also send people to participate in future combat meetings, what do you think?"

The other women all nodded. To be honest, the results of Wen Wenhai's meeting this time were indeed good. They set a general direction and came up with various methods. However, there were some areas that required their cooperation, but they were not present. It is absolutely impossible to decide things directly at the meeting. They have to decide things, so in the future war meetings, they must participate in the war.

Of course, they don’t need to all participate, just send one representative. In the end, Laura decided that in the future, Li Ji would be their representative in the war meetings. Li Ji could not only represent the logistics department, but also the logistics department. In Shenji Hall, wherever their cooperation is needed, they can make decisions immediately.

After the matter was settled, Laura also received Wen Wenhai's report. She immediately agreed to Wen Wenhai's request. The first was to produce more iron balls, and the second was to solve the problem that the alien Yaksha might be artificially controlled by magic circles. , this is not a difficult problem for Shenjitang. At the same time, Laura also informed Wen Wenhai of their decision, and Li Ji would attend the battle meeting in the future, which surprised Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai knew very well that there was no need for Laura and the others to participate in their combat meeting. Now that Laura and the others wanted to participate in this combat meeting, it meant that Laura and the others had discovered the problem and wanted to solve it. All issues related to the war were resolved at the meeting instead of communicating in person after the meeting. This was something Wen Wenhai did not expect.

As the meeting ended, the entire Blood Killing Sect started to move. Everyone started to take action and were making preparations. In fact, while they were having the meeting, the Blood Killing Sect disciples were not idle either. They had already The magic formations have been deployed on the front line. The Five Elements Killing Formation, the Protective Shield Formation, and the Inner Five Elements Killing Formation have all been set up.

Now the people of the Blood Killing Sect are observing that city to see if that city will always be surrounded by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. If it will always be surrounded by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then tomorrow they will They are about to surround this city. If the power of the clan's laws recedes, they will have to see what changes will happen to this city. After conducting a tentative attack, they will finally destroy this city. Completely cleaned up.

The day passed quickly. The power of the Shadow Clan Law in that city has not dissipated. What it means is that it has been surrounded by the black mist of the Shadow Clan Law Power. They must do something. Be prepared. As soon as Wen Wenhai saw this situation, he knew that there was no need to wait and just attack directly. Following the lead of his voice, the army of the undead clan began to slowly press forward. However, They were on the outskirts of the city and began to slowly surround the city, forcing back all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws outside the city.

During this process, they did not encounter any attacks, but they did encounter resistance from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but they were forced back. In the end, it took them a full day. , and then the city was completely surrounded, but the city was always surrounded by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws and did not attack them.

The city's reaction was somewhat beyond Wen Wenhai's expectations. They really didn't expect that the other party would not have any reaction. This is wrong. The other party should have a reaction. How could there be no reaction? ? Doesn't the other party know that if they are surrounded by them, they have almost no chance of winning?

Wen Wenhai was a little worried about their reaction, and finally decided to send the alien yaksha farther away. Now these alien yakshas all carry a magic circle on their bodies. This magic circle has three functions. One is communication, which can directly communicate with The second is to break the illusion. If the enemy wants to use the illusion array to deal with them, the array will sound an alarm immediately. The third is to control the defense. If the opponent really wants to use the magic array to deal with them, If these aliens are controlled by martial arts, the magic circle will immediately defend and even counterattack.

This kind of magic circle was developed by Shenjitang in the shortest time and mass-produced. Although not all alien yakshas now wear this kind of magic circle, there are already a few and a half alien yakshas. The alien Yaksha, who had boarded this kind of magic circle, had already begun to conduct reconnaissance.

The Blood Killing Sect Shenji Hall here is not only able to come up with some good things at any time, but the most important thing is their productivity. Their productivity is really terrible. As long as there is a sample of something, they will immediately It can be produced on a large scale and in batches. This is the most terrifying part.

The reason why Wen Wenhai wants to send out those alien Yaksha immediately is for one purpose, that is, he is worried that while they are surrounding the city, the Yaksha clan will form a larger encirclement around them. They surrounded them. After all, they still don't know how many yakshas there are in the yaksha world. If the number of yakshas here is very large, it is very possible to form an encirclement around them.

However, the reconnaissance range of those alien yakshas had been placed three hundred miles away, but they still did not encounter any enemies, nor did they find any phantom formations. This made Wen Wenhai relieved, and he also felt even more It's really strange. If those aliens really didn't ambush anyone outside, then their reaction would be really weird. Do they really want to trap the isolated city?

No, it must be wrong. Looking at the projection of the city, Wen Wenhai felt that he might have overlooked something. What was it? Isolated city, isolated city, how to defend such an isolated city? Unless they have reinforcements and retreat, it is absolutely impossible for them to defend the city.

Where will the reinforcements come from? When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai suddenly wanted to understand what was wrong with his previous feeling. He couldn't help but pat his head. What kind of lonely city is this city? They can get reinforcements at any time, and they can get reinforcements at any time. Retreat, because there must be a teleportation array in this city.

He actually forgot about the teleportation array. As long as there is a race that studies magic circles, almost all of them will have a teleportation array. This can be said to be the most common magic circle. Perhaps it is because it is too common and too common. , so he didn't think of it for a moment. Although it seemed that they had surrounded the city, in fact, they just pushed back the power of the Shadow Clan's law on the periphery of the city. They could still get Reinforcements can even be withdrawn at any time.