c7205 Mutation

That's a magic bug! Wen Wenhai and the others were sure that the gauze-like thing was a magic insect. But what they didn't expect was that there would be so many magic insects. It was just one night, just one night. It has become so much, which they never expected.

At this moment, Wen Wenhai and the others saw several magic weapons suddenly flying out from the shield. These magic weapons flew to the shield and stopped, and then rotated in the shield. Every rotation At one time, countless flames would fly out and roll directly towards the magic bugs. It seemed that this was the method they used to deal with the magic bugs.

But just when the flames rolled away like magic bugs, violent explosions immediately occurred around the magic weapon. With the explosion, bursts of colorful smoke came out, and these smoke were not afraid of the magic weapon. The flames rolled straight towards the magic weapon. Those magic weapons were quickly surrounded by the smoke.

After a while, the flames coming out of those magical instruments became less and less, and the magical instruments also lost their luster. As long as a monk saw this situation, he would know that the magical instruments were probably useless. When this happens, it is because the magic weapon is contaminated by toxins, so it becomes useless.

Sure enough, those magic weapons have retreated into the shield, but it is obvious that the magic weapons are somewhat out of control. The retreat speed is very slow. I am afraid that even if they are taken back, they will be of no use. The enemy's Method, it seems impossible to deal with those magic bugs.

When Wen Wenhai and the others saw this situation, their eyes lit up. They knew very well that those Yaksha attack magic bugs meant that their method was effective, and the energy absorbed by those magic bugs must be very much. , has made the Yasha clan a little unbearable, so they thought of destroying those magic bugs, but now it seems that the method they used does not seem to be very effective.

Wen Wenhai and the others were very happy. This method worked, which was a good thing for them. They could use this method to deal with the shield. They really wanted to see what those people from the Yasha clan were doing. , how long can it be supported, because there will be more and more magic bugs, and the speed of absorbing energy will be faster and faster. Let's see how much energy the Yaksha clan has, enough for these magic bugs to absorb.

At this time, they saw black mist billowing in the shield, and countless black mist surged. Then Wen Wenhai and the others saw that the black gauze outside the shield was slowly disappearing, and finally almost disappeared. , as soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change. He immediately took out the communication array and called it directly to Tang Yingyi, who was commanding this operation. Then he said: "Old Tang, what's going on? ?”

Tang Yingying's voice came: "The Yaksha Clan used the poison of the Shadow Clan to attack. This time the poison used by the Shadow Clan was very powerful. Our magic bugs couldn't bear it for a while, and a large number of them were poisoned to death. Only then This will happen, but some magic bugs are insisting that as long as the magic bugs are suitable for this poison, then this poison will be of no use to the magic bugs in the future, so you don’t have to worry." After finishing speaking, Ended the call.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Tang Yingyi said, he didn't say anything. Baoneng sighed, and then turned off the communication circle. He knew very well that even if the magic bugs adapted to this poison, they would no longer be afraid of this kind of poison. After being poisoned, it will not be easy to restore the number to the current level in the future. This period of time is enough for the Yasha clan to restore their energy supply. This is not a big deal for the Blood Killing Sect. Good thing.

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but sigh again, and then murmured: "It seems that we still need to rely on the magic circle. If the magic circle can be deployed successfully, then we can definitely break through the shield. It seems that we can only It's time to wait." After saying that, Wen Wenhai directly picked up the communication circle and directly connected to the old man Jiu Suan. As soon as he was connected, he immediately asked: "Elder Jiu Suan, how long is the magic circle? Can the time be arranged?"

The voice of the old man Jiu Suan came: "Tomorrow morning, the magic circle can definitely be set up. Elder Wen, please rest assured that it will not take too long." The voice of the old man Jiu Suan was very calm and steady, and it was clear that When he came out, he was really confident, which really reassured Wen Wenhai.

However, Wen Wenhai still said: "Don't worry, just manage the arranged magic circle. Don't worry about these few days. We have plenty of time, but we must not make mistakes, otherwise all the previous time will be wasted." Wen Wenhai was really afraid that if the old man Jiu Suan got anxious and got the magic circle wrong, it would be really doomed.

The old man Jiu Suan didn't say much. He just responded and then stopped speaking. Wen Wenhai turned his head and glanced at the shield on the city, and then sighed softly. He really didn't. Thinking that those Yakshas actually came up with such a way to directly use the power of the Shadow Clan's laws as poison, killing so many magic bugs at once. This was something he had not expected. He had originally expected Those magic bugs can bring greater damage to the shield. Now it seems impossible, and we can only rely on the magic circle.

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai stopped looking at the projection. He was going to practice. When the old man Jiuzuan completed the magic circle tomorrow, they could activate it. And like them, Wen Wenhai also needed to practice. It is very clear that if he wants to stay with Zhao Hai all the time, he must not fall behind in training, because if your strength cannot keep up, even if you are loyal to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai will not be able to let you be in a high position, because If you can't convince the public, it's naturally impossible for you to be in a high position, so Wen Wenhai never dares to look down on training.

Just when Wen Wenhai was concentrating on practicing, he suddenly heard a series of knocks on the door, which made him startled. He stopped practicing and stood up. Then he opened the door with a wave of his hand and saw outside the door. The person standing there was Chang Jun. He couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "Old Chang, what's wrong? Are you so anxious? What's the matter?"

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai and said, "Old Wen, didn't you look at the protective shield? How could you be so calm?" Chang Jun guessed from Wen Wenhai's appearance that he might not have looked at the protective shield. situation, that's why he behaved like this, but he really didn't know what Wen Wenhai was busy with, and why he didn't go to see the situation of the shield.

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he said nothing. He just waved his hand, and a projection immediately appeared in front of him. This projection was exactly the condition of the shield. As soon as he saw the condition of the shield, Wen Wenhai was stunned. Because of that, I didn't say anything for a long time, because the situation on the shield was so surprising and shocking.

I saw that the shield seemed to be surrounded by a layer of black clouds. The clouds were still moving, and the speed was very fast, as if they were breathing, rising and falling together, and As the black clouds rise and fall, the size of the shield seems to be getting smaller.

Chang Jun said: "An hour ago, those Yaksha used the power of the Shadow Clan's laws as poison to deal with those magical insects, and poisoned those magical insects in large numbers, but there were still a lot of them. The magic bugs survived. These magic bugs actually adapted to the poison of the Shadow Clan. Then the magic bugs began to devour the corpses of the dead magic bugs. After devouring the corpses of the magic bugs, they began to They have become more powerful, and at the same time their body size has also become larger, and their reproductive ability has also become stronger. Because of this, this magic insect began to attack with all its strength. In just one hour, it became a It seems that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws wanted to poison them once more, but those magic bugs completely regarded the power of the Shadow Clan's laws as a tonic and swallowed them all, becoming even more powerful. Now That’s why it became like this.”

Wen Wenhai looked at the shield carefully, and after a while he said: "It seems that it won't take long to break through the shield, right?" Wen Wenhai is also an expert, so he can see it at a glance. The situation after leaving the shield is very bad. The black clouds are all magic bugs, and they are larger magic bugs. These magic bugs absorb energy faster and have stronger reproductive capabilities. Now this magic insect is absorbing the energy of the shield. It seems that the shield cannot last long. They don't have such strong energy to replenish it.

Chang Jun nodded and said: "It seems that the shield will never last long. I believe it will be destroyed soon. What do you think?" Chang Jun asked about the next battle. How will the meeting proceed? There are quite a lot of magic bugs. If the shield is broken and the Blood Killing Sect's army attacks immediately, the magic bugs may not be recovered yet, which will affect the progress of the army. Yes, we must find a way to solve this problem.

Wen Wenhai said: "I don't have any idea. It's a good thing that the magic bugs have become so strong. Let's let the magic bugs attack this time to see how their attack power is. At the same time, we must Use the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan to consume the number of magic bugs. There are too many of them now, and some must be consumed."

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "I will inform Tang Yingyi and let them command the disciples and let the magic insects be the main attack this time. If this method is feasible, we can use this method to deal with it in the future. Shadow Clan." After saying this, Chang Jun took out the communication array and wrote a letter to Tang Yingyi.

After Tang Yingyi received Chang Jun's letter, he didn't say anything. In fact, he had wanted to do this for a long time, but he also knew very well that the sect had its own plans, and he could not do it without the order of the sect leader. Changing the attack plan at will will bring trouble to the sect's overall attack. So when Tang Yingyi heard Chang Jun's order, not only was he not unhappy at all, on the contrary, he was very happy because they I really want to see how powerful these magic bugs are. Although he doesn't know how to use magic bugs, if this city is destroyed under his command, he will also get a lot of benefits. ,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.