c7203 Two ways

Everyone nodded. What the old man Jiu Suan said was just the simplest truth. If they had such a magic circle, then he would definitely put the core of the magic circle in the city and protect it closely. In this case, it is not easy to destroy this magic circle.

And at this moment, Li Ji suddenly said: "What if we don't want to break it, but prepare to use absorption method? Using absorption method, we can directly absorb the energy in the energy shield. That way Can this shield be broken? We are in the snake world, but we have suffered losses in this regard. With the powerful energy supply capability of our Blood Killing Sect Yin Yang Lei Chi, we were almost killed by those snakes. Suck it dry, could their energy supply be stronger than the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond?"

Li Ji's words made everyone fall into deep thought. Everyone really felt that the method Li Ji mentioned seemed to be really good. If the shield could really be removed, If all the energy on it is absorbed by him, then I believe that the shield will really be destroyed.

When Old Man Jiusuan heard what Li Ji said, he was also stunned, and then he immediately said: "Okay, this method is good. If it can really absorb all the energy, it will definitely destroy the shield. It’s even bigger, but it’s not easy to absorb all that energy.”

Li Ji smiled and said: "It is indeed not an easy task to absorb all the energy of such a large shield, but we have at least two ways to do it. The first one is the magic insect. , although these little bugs are small, they have a strong ability to absorb energy, and after they absorb the energy, they will reproduce in a short time. Isn’t this just right for us? Those bugs that used magic in the past Disciples, they are all worried that it will consume too much energy of the sect, so they dare not let those magic bugs breed. If they are allowed to absorb the energy on the shield, I think they will agree, right? Because that They will get a large number of magic bugs, and for these magic bugs, they can put these bugs to sleep first, and when they need to use them, they can activate them as soon as they are taken out."

At this point, Li Ji paused for a moment, and then said: "The other way is to use the magic circle to absorb the energy. However, the magic circle needs to be very huge, so when arranging this magic circle, The formation also takes a long time. At that time, the speed at which the formation absorbs energy will also be faster. Both methods are feasible."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "What Mrs. Li Ji said makes sense. It can indeed be done. Then I think we might as well take a two-pronged approach. First, let the disciples use magic insects to absorb energy. In the process, we will A larger magic circle is built on the outside. As long as the magic circle is completed, I believe we will soon be able to absorb all the energy in the shield, and it will not be too late for us to deal with the city by then."

Everyone nodded, Wen Wenhai's method was indeed very good, and they naturally had no reason to disagree. Li Ji also nodded and said: "Okay, I will talk to the people at Shenji Hall about the magic circle and ask them to send some people to help as soon as possible. Elder Jiu Suan will command these people to set up the magic circle. As for the spell-telling bugs, it’s up to you to arrange them.”

Wen Wenhai immediately saluted Liji and said, "Thank you, Mrs. Liji. Leave the matter of magic bugs to us. Madam, please don't worry." Wen Wenhai knew very well that magic bugs were some of the most powerful people in the Blood Killing Sect. The disciple is studying something, and this kind of thing is not included in Shenji Hall.

Li Ji nodded without saying anything. Wen Wenhai continued: "If their shield is broken, they will face the phantom array. Do you have any thoughts about this phantom array?" Wen Wenhai said about the phantom array. , in fact, I am still very nervous, because if the magic array were not so simple, its destructive power would only be greater.

The old man Jiusuan said: "I think if we really use the method of absorbing energy to break the shield, there will be nothing to worry about in the phantom array. Maybe by that time, the energy of the phantom array will The light has also been absorbed. Even if the light is not absorbed, as long as our energy-absorbing magic circle is always on, we can absorb all the energy of the magic circle in a short time. There is nothing to worry about." Old Man Jiu Suan is a magician. An expert in formations, he immediately put forward his opinions.

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he immediately said: "Okay, if that's really the case, then of course it's the best. Then we have to talk about the attack. As long as the shield is broken, Illusion Formation, then the attack is simple, leave this to Elder Gu Yuanzheng, Elder Gu, is there no problem with this?"

Gu Yuanzheng said with murderous intent on his face: "No problem, as long as the shield and illusion array are broken, we will definitely be able to destroy the city in the shortest time. Please don't worry, but Elder Wen was worried about it before. Things make sense, that is, the problem of the teleportation array in the city, do you have any thoughts?"

Li Ji smiled and said: "This is too simple. The resulting magic circle of our Blood Killing Sect is not just a little bit. You can rest assured and leave this matter to us." Li Ji said But it makes sense. The barrier magic circle is very different from the ordinary magic circle. But in general, it is also a kind of magic circle. The Blood Killing Sect has always done a lot of research on the magic circle. , so there is no problem in using it.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. Let's go prepare ourselves. Madam Liji, if the Shenji Hall is ready, please let me know so that we can cooperate accordingly." Wen Wenhai knew very well that he could not treat Li Ji like others, so he said this.

Li Ji said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, if the Shenji Hall is ready, I will directly notify Elder Jiu Suan. Then you can direct Elder Jiu Suan and their actions. We are just cooperating and will not interfere. It's your command." After saying that, Li Ji moved and disappeared from the room.

Wen Wenhai didn't feel any disgust at Li Ji's departure just now. He just turned to the others and said, "Okay, let's all disperse and get ready." Everyone agreed, then turned around and left, but they were leaving At that time, they were still discussing Li Ji. Although she left early at the last moment, no one blamed her. After all, she was Zhao Hai’s wife and had a high position in the Blood Killing Sect. In addition, she also She had shown her abilities, so no one would be resentful of her leaving early. On the contrary, they felt that it was a privilege she should have.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai immediately began to recruit all the disciples who used magic bugs in the sect to form a special action team. He also took a look at them. After hearing what Wen Wenhai said, those who used magic bugs The disciples of the magic insect seemed very happy and wanted to take action immediately.

In the past, these disciples did not have such an opportunity to act. Although their magic bugs can absorb energy and break magic circles, the size of the magic bugs is too small, and the energy they can absorb is very small. Even if it is It can reproduce quickly, but it is absolutely impossible to break the enemy's formation in a short time. Compared with the Blood Killing Sect's direct break of the formation, the speed is much different. It is precisely because of this, so They never had such an opportunity.

In the sect, they dare not let magic bugs breed in large numbers, because magic bugs also require energy to reproduce. If they breed too many magic bugs, they will absorb too much energy from the sect. Although the sect You don't necessarily blame him, but it's definitely not a good thing, so they never did it.

Now, they can release the magic bugs and let them absorb energy at will. Once the number of their magic bugs reaches a very terrifying level, their combat effectiveness will be reduced. , will also increase exponentially, which is definitely a good thing.

Wen Wenhai looked at them and smiled slightly, and then said: "Okay, you can do this now, but be careful and try not to let the enemy find out. I know your magic bugs, their size They are all very small. Don't let the enemy discover what you are doing at the beginning. When the number of magic bugs increases, even if the enemy discovers it, there will be nothing they can do to you. At that time, you can do whatever you want."

Those disciples immediately responded, then turned and left. As soon as he left, Old Man Jiu Suan came to Wen Wenhai, cupped his fist at Wen Wenhai and said, "Old Wen, we are also ready here, a thousand Mingshenjitang listened to the disciples and brought enough talismans to arrange the magic circle. The magic circle arranged this time is a multi-functional magic circle. It can absorb the energy of the enemy's magic circle, and at the same time, it can also attack the enemy. We need to seal the area, but we need the cooperation of some sect disciples, at least 100,000 people, the number is too small, it is impossible to set up the magic circle in a short time."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "No problem, I will give you whatever you want. If I don't have it, I will personally ask the boss and I will definitely get it for you. All you have to do is give me that shield." Just break it as soon as possible, go and prepare, I promise to arrange it for you in the shortest possible time." Old Man Jiusuan nodded, saluted Wen Wenhai again, then turned around and left, and Wen Wen Hai Ye immediately made arrangements and transferred 100,000 people to Old Man Jiusuan.

And Gu Yuanzheng has also begun to make preparations, and has even been using energy beasts to attack the enemy's shield. The reason why he does this is to attract the enemy's attention and prevent the enemy from discovering their movements. Only in this way can he There will be no chance of destruction by the enemy.

In addition to attacking with energy behemoths, the Ancient Expedition also let the undead behemoths collide with the shield from time to time, just to make the people in the city think that they are always attacking and only attack in this way, because they The city is now surrounded, so when Old Man Jiusuan set up the magic circle outside the city, the undead army was blocking it, and the people in the city couldn't see it. rw