c7206 Broken city

In the Blood Killing Sect, no one will drag others down or stab others in the back just to gain credit. No one dares and no one will do this because they know very well that if they really If he did that, Zhao Hai would definitely know because Zhu Yong exists in the Blood Killing Sect.

In the Blood Killing Sect's attack, Zhu Yong is a very mysterious figure. His strength is not the top among the Blood Killing Sect. He is usually very low-key. It seems that he is responsible for the external intelligence of the Blood Killing Sect. But no one dares to underestimate him, because everyone knows that Zhu Yong is the most loyal to Zhao Hai, and no one knows how many people there are in his intelligence department, whether he is in someone else's branch or Someone was arranged around someone else, and no one knew about it. In this case, how could anyone dare to mess around.

But if there is an order from above to tell them what to do, then they will definitely do their best. This is the method of meritorious service of the Blood Killer Sect. The people of the Blood Killer Sect achieve meritorious service through this method. As long as you are doing the best in the Blood Killer Sect, If you perform meritorious service within the scope allowed by the Zongzong regulations, you will not only not be punished, but you will also be rewarded.

For the people of the Blood Killing Sect, the rewards from the sect have always been very heavy. Even people like Wen Wenhai and others hope to get rewards from the sect, but for people like Wen Wenhai and others, He said that it would be too boring to reward them with some materials. They can mobilize almost all the materials in the Blood Killing Sect, so naturally the reward for them cannot be these, but something else, and that is Zhao Hai Give personal guidance.

This does not seem to be uncommon for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In the real illusion, many people can get guidance from Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai left countless projections there, all of which are used to guide the disciples in their cultivation. I have been practicing, so it seems that it is not surprising to get Zhao Hai's guidance.

But for Wen Wenhai and others, this is not the case. It is also very important for them to get Zhao Hai's guidance, because the Zhao Hai's guidance mentioned here means that Zhao Hai treats them one-on-one. They will give them guidance on their practice and even give them sermons, which is really important to them.

Although Zhao Hai may not be the strongest in this interface yet, now Zhao Hai can be said to be the strongest in the entire Blood Killing Sect. Being able to get his guidance can be said to be a blessing to Wen Wenhai and the others. It's a great thing, it helps them a lot.

It is precisely because of this that when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fight, they always fight first, because no matter what your identity is, you can get rewards from the sect, and the rewards from the sect are always what they need most. Yes, and fighting is also very beneficial to their training, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect like fighting and are never afraid of fighting with weapons.

Tang Yingyi was like this now. He looked at the shield in the distance, his eyes sparkling. Then he took out his communication circle, directly tuned to the public channel of the Magic Insect Team, and shouted loudly in it: "Everyone Listen, people, the sect has given us the main offensive task this time. As long as we can break the shield, we can command the magical insects to attack the city. I believe we can definitely command those magical insects. Dharma insect, it is a great achievement to conquer that city in one fell swoop, everyone must work harder and not make any mistakes."

Upon hearing what Tang Yingyi said, the disciples who used magic bugs were stunned at first, and then became excited. These people were all dedicated to using poisons and magic bugs, and their own cultivation They may not be weak at all, but apart from using poison and insects, they are not very brave in other skills. It is precisely because of this that they don't have many opportunities to make meritorious deeds. Now when I hear Tang Yingyi say , now there is such a good opportunity, as long as they can capture the city, then they will make a huge contribution. For them, this is definitely a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. How can they let it go? How can they let it go? Can't be happy.

For a moment, they all worked harder to activate the magic bugs, and saw that the magic bugs surrounding the shield fluctuated even more fiercely, and the shield also became smaller. After a while, they heard that There was a loud click, the sound was very loud, and then I saw that the shield seemed to have a hole suddenly broken. Countless black mist was pouring from the hole into the shield, and the shield Outside, there were still countless magic bugs surrounding them, and then there were several loud cracking sounds, which could be clearly heard by the Blood Killing Sect disciples in the distance.

Following these sounds, several more holes appeared on the shield, and more magic bugs got into the shield. Soon, the magic bugs could no longer be seen outside the shield, but that The shield could not be restored, it was still stuck there like a broken bowl with several holes punched in it.

As soon as he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng immediately ordered: "The giant undead beast and the giant stone bull are attacking. You must completely destroy this shield for me in the shortest possible time. Quick." He also He knew that Wen Wenhai had given the task of the main attack to those magic bugs. He also understood what Wen Wenhai meant, but he still had to do what he needed to do to cooperate. He had to destroy the shield first, otherwise If those magic bugs couldn't wipe out all the Yakshas, ​​would they have to let the Yakshas in the city raise the shield at once? So now he must completely destroy the shield. .

Following his order, the giant undead beast and the giant stone alien beasts rushed over and hit the shield. A bang was heard, and then there was a burst of clicking sounds, and everyone was shocked. Look, only then did I realize that the shield was destroyed by those giant undead beasts and giant stone bull aliens, and completely turned into pieces. And those giant undead beasts and giant stone bull aliens seemed to be It was not affected at all and was still rushing forward, and the phantom formation inside seemed to have disappeared. The undead beasts and giant stone aliens rushed straight towards the city wall.

I heard a bang, and those giant beasts hit the city wall. The city wall was only about twenty feet high, which was not as tall as those undead giant beasts and stone giant aliens. They were knocked out by these giant beasts. Big hole, this big hole is so big that it is almost equivalent to a city wall. It is equivalent to destroying this city wall directly.

At this time, people noticed that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws could no longer be seen outside the city. Even in the city, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws would decrease rapidly, but in the city, countless magic powers could be seen. The number of magic bugs is actually more than it seemed before.

At this time, Shun Li directly sent a message to Wen Wenhai and Gu Yuanzheng: "Everyone, please pay attention, there is no forbidden air formation in the city, and it can fly. Let's take action, don't let the enemy escape. "Shen Li has been monitoring the place, so as soon as there was no forbidden air formation in the city, he immediately sent a letter to Wen Wenhai and Gu Yuanzheng.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng received the letter from Shen Li, he immediately shouted: "Quick, all the Necromancer disciples, fly up, form a magic cube formation, and attack. Pay attention, the magic square formation must form a barrier formation. First, clear the city." Seal the passage with the outside world." His order was given directly to the commanders of each team. As soon as those commanders heard his order, they immediately led the people of their own teams to fly up, and then directly formed He formed a magic circle and rushed towards the city.

When the Necromancer Clan's Rubik's Cube Formation arrived in the city, they suddenly discovered that there were not many Yakhas left there, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in the city had actually disappeared, and could now be seen everywhere in the city. , black bugs as big as bees. There are all kinds of bugs, but every one is black and shiny, and they look very violent, but none of them attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. .

There are not many Yakshas left in the city now, and those Yakshas are also working hard, but it seems that they can't hold on for long, because they have been surrounded by those bugs, and the bugs are flying around them, like Like a black tornado, this black tornado is slowly shrinking, and every time it shrinks, it means that countless yakshas have been wiped out. At this speed, I believe that it won't take long for those yakshas to be wiped out. All were wiped out.

When the people of the Necromancer clan saw this situation, they knew that there was no need for them to intervene. However, there were a lot of Yaksha teeth left on the ground in the city. The people of the Necromancer clan, except those who formed the magic circle, other people's They immediately went down to clean the battlefield. Because these Yaksha teeth were used by Shen Ji Tang, they cleaned them very carefully.

After more than an hour like this, I saw that the tornado composed of those insects had shrunk to a very small area, and then dispersed directly. When the insects dispersed, there was no longer a Yaksha in the city. , at this time, the city walls began to slowly turn into black smoke, and finally the entire city turned into a black smoke and disappeared. Except for some left on the ground, they had not been completely collected. There was nothing left on the Yaksha Teeth, and it was empty. This made the people of the undead clan slightly stunned, but then they were relieved. The floating island they killed before turned into black smoke in the end. Yet? Now the city has turned into black smoke, which is reasonable.

The disciples of the undead clan gathered up all the remaining Yaksha teeth in the ground. When they finished handling these matters, they tried to find the magic insects, but they could no longer find them. They knew that those magic bugs must have been put away by their masters, but from now on, no one dared to underestimate these magic bugs.

In the past, the magic bug was not very popular in the Blood Killing Sect, and it did not attract enough attention from everyone. However, this time, the magic bug really showed its face and alarmed everyone. Thinking that the strength of this magical insect could be so strong that it destroyed a city, this was definitely beyond everyone's expectations.