c7204 magic bug

Xiao Feng is a true disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. His status in the Blood Killing Sect is actually not very high. This has a lot to do with the skills he practices. He prefers to use poison, which is related to his life experience. Relatedly, he comes from a family of monks and has received training and education since he was a child. Compared with ordinary casual cultivators, he is much better than ordinary cultivators, but compared to those disciples who have entered large sects, he is still much worse.

And their family was originally an orthodox cultivation family. There were several elders in the family who were not experts but were quite capable. They were also considered small powerful men. However, one time, one of the disciples in the family offended him. A Demon Sect disciple, that Demon Sect disciple was very good at using poison. In order to take revenge on his family, that Demon Sect disciple used a poison directly in his home and poisoned all his family members, old and young, to death. Xiao Feng was not poisoned to death because of his special constitution, but he became a poisonous person from then on, and he always carried that kind of poison in his body.

The period when his family was destroyed was also the time when Xiao Feng was the most depressed. At that time, he really didn't want to live anymore. He felt that living was really meaningless. But later, by chance, he He joined the Blood Killing Sect and became a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. After arriving at the Blood Killing Sect, the elders of the sect also cared about him very much. Because of his special physique, the sect believed that he was most suitable for training. That kind of magic technique, the direction of attack is to use poison.

At first, Xiao Feng was very disgusted with using poison, but slowly he discovered that using poison is not shameful in the world of cultivation. Poison can kill people, and it can also save people. If you want to kill someone, whether you use poison or Using a sword is actually the same. As long as you have good intentions, then even if you learn the magic sect skills, you will not go to the magic sect. If you have evil intentions, then even if you become a big sect Disciple, you will only become a demon in the end.

And compared with killing with a sword, killing with poison is more convenient, weirder, and safer. You can make the enemy die silently, but no one will know that you killed him. It is precisely because of this that he gradually fell in love with using poison.

Later, after Zhao Hai passed down the method of magic bugs, Xiao Feng was immediately fascinated. He felt that these magic bugs were really powerful. They were so small in size, but they could exert so much power. The big effect, especially when their number reaches a certain level, is really terrifying, so he has always been very serious in his training.

However, although the Blood Killing Sect has many techniques related to the use of poison, poison cultivators are a minority in the Blood Killing Sect, because almost all of the poison cultivating techniques have few moves. It is precisely because of this , so it is difficult for poisonous cultivators to understand the artistic conception of the skills. This is of no benefit to the blessing of the skills. It is not even beneficial to understanding the power of the law and the meaning of the Great Way to Heaven. Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect There are very few poison cultivator disciples here.

But Xiao Feng never gave up, because he found that using poison was really interesting. Watching all kinds of ordinary things turn into highly poisonous things in his own hands, for them, , is also an achievement, so he really likes using poison more and more.

However, in the sect, he does not have a large number of breeding magic bugs. The reason why he does not do this is that he feels that he has enough magic bugs now and it is enough, and he can add some other means. , he doesn’t need to reproduce a large number of magic bugs at all. The reproduction of Zerg magic also requires energy. He is afraid that breeding too many magic bugs will affect the energy operation of the sect, so he has never done that, and usually just Doing some experiments, what he is currently studying is how to use magic insects to use the power of curse.

After receiving Wen Wenhai's order, he immediately came outside the city and carefully observed the shield. He was really excited now. Anyone who uses magic bugs will not dislike magic. There were too many insects. Before in the sect, he didn't want to breed on a large scale. Now he can do it with confidence and boldness, which is naturally the best.

So after Xiao Feng observed the shield for a while, he immediately took out a jade bottle. This jade bottle didn't look very big. It was only the size of a human palm. There were several bugs engraved on it. These bugs were very... It's very special. The first half of it looks like a centipede. The body is segmented one by one, with many legs. On each segment of the body, there is also a pair of wings, two very long ones. The fangs were placed in front of his head and looked very scary. The back part of his body is like a dragonfly, with a long belly. The belly is slender, but at the tail, there is a poisonous needle like a bee. In short, this It is a poisonous insect that looks very different but looks very scary.

This kind of bug is a magic bug that Xiao Feng himself researched. It is also a poisonous bug. This bug has a characteristic, that is, it absorbs energy very quickly and has a particularly strong reproductive ability. Most importantly, it is a kind of poisonous bug. Poisonous insects that can release poison, bite, and self-destruct are extremely powerful when they self-destruct.

This kind of poisonous insect is just suitable for use now, so Xiao Feng took out the magic insect directly, opened the bottle cap, and then hit it with a magic trick, and immediately a cloud of black mist flew out of the bottle. When you come out, these bugs are very small. The size of each one is probably not bigger than a grain of sand. But if you enlarge the bugs, you will find that the appearance of these bugs is exactly the same as the one engraved on the jade bottle. .

The black mist composed of insects began to disperse under Xiao Feng's command, and disappeared from everyone's eyes almost in the blink of an eye. Only Xiao Feng could still feel their presence, and then under his Under the command, these scattered insects slowly flew towards the shield.

Just when they were about two miles away from the shield, they had already entered the restricted area. The bugs fell to the ground and began to crawl forward quickly. Although they were very small, they The speed was very fast. In less than an hour, they had climbed onto the shield. Then the bugs bit their two big teeth directly on the shield and began to absorb the energy of the shield crazily. .

As the energy was absorbed, the bug's belly immediately grew bigger. Slowly, the bug's belly became bigger and bigger, many times larger than its body. When the bug's belly reached a certain size, When the time comes, they actually start to lay eggs. It’s really amazing that this kind of bug can lay eggs by itself.

And those eggs that were produced actually hatched out within a few minutes, and then turned into insects like the four-unlike magic bugs. They began to absorb energy again, and then laid eggs, in a very strange way. They reproduced at a crazy speed. In less than an hour, the number of bugs was dozens of times greater than when they were first released. This reproduction speed was really terrifying.

Xiao Feng did not stop. He not only had such a magic bug, he also had many magic bugs. At this time, he took out all of them. Countless magic bugs flew towards the shield and lay on the ground. The shield is absorbing energy crazily and reproducing crazily. Such speed is really surprising.

At the same time, there were quite a few people who were doing the same thing as Xiao Feng. These people were all directing the bugs to absorb the power on the shield. Although they released a lot of bugs, those bugs were not large in size. Secondly, the area of ​​the shield is too large, so people have not seen bugs on the shield, at least not yet.

At this time, Elder Jiu Suan was also commanding the disciples of Shenji Hall and those disciples transferred to him by Wen Wenhai to establish a magic circle among the undead clan's brigade. However, the establishment speed of this magic circle was much slower. A lot, because they want to build a multi-functional array. At the same time, when establishing the array on such a flat ground, they also need to calculate the directions. The array symbols in each direction must not be bad, so the speed of building the array is not very fast. .

However, the disciples of the Necromancer clan all knew what they were doing. None of them were in a hurry. They all stood there quietly and stared ahead. It looked as if they were about to attack at any time. In fact, they were. In this way, the shield is still being attacked, but the intensity of the attack is not very strong.

Wen Wenhai and the others were all looking at the shield. They knew very well that to deal with the people in the city, the shield had to be broken. They also knew that breaking the shield by absorbing energy in this way was not An easy thing cannot be completed in a short time, but they are still looking at the shield, just to see if there is any reaction on the shield, even if it is a slight change. OK.

But it was a pity that they were disappointed. There was no reaction at all on the shield, and nothing could be seen. After watching for a while, everyone stopped staring at the shield and arranged other things in the sect. They all went to rest. They were actually waiting for the success of the magic circle. They didn't actually have high hopes for the magic insect.

The magic bugs are really too small. Although the attack power is pretty good, for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, the attack effectiveness of the magic bugs is just that, not very strong, so they have never had it. Keeping the magic bugs at heart, the people of the Blood Killing Sect trust the magic circle more.

But the next day, when Wen Wenhai and the others woke up after a night's rest, they all froze when they looked at the projection of the shield. It had only been one night, but outside the shield, it seemed It's like being covered with a layer of black gauze. Originally, the shield was black, and they could no longer see clearly what was in the city. However, the original shield was black and translucent, like a black pearl, but now it is different. , the outside of the shield seemed to be covered with a veil. Although it was still black, it had a hazy beauty, but Wen Wenhai and the others were very clear about that veil-like thing. , it’s definitely not just about aesthetics.