c7207 Summarize

Wen Wenhai looked at the people sitting in the hall, smiled slightly and said: "I didn't expect that this operation could go so smoothly, and I think everyone didn't expect it either, but no matter what, our mission went smoothly. It’s completed, and it also lets us know one thing, that is, our magic bug can definitely be called the nemesis of the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws, and we have another sharp weapon against the Shadow Clan.”

Everyone responded with a roar and applauded loudly. Even Gu Yuanzheng was very happy. Although they did not get the first prize this time, he was not angry. Gu Yuanzheng and the other blood The disciples of the Killing Sect are different. They are Zhao Hai's slave race. Zhao Hai trusts them the most. Letting them participate in the war is not to make them meritorious, but to let them adapt to their own fighting style. So do they have any Meritorious service really doesn't matter.

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and everyone stopped. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "This time, Elder Jiu Suan and the others worked the hardest. Not only did they work for a long time in vain, but in the end they didn't get any credit at all. , Elder Jiu Suan, you have really worked hard this time, and I will definitely make it up to you the next time I have the opportunity."

Everyone burst out laughing, even the old man Jiu Suan laughed. Of course they wouldn't care about this. This was just a joke everyone made after the victory. No one would be angry because of this. Yes, the Nine Calculator Old Man certainly doesn't know how to do it. After all, the arrangements they made before are not completely useless. As long as those formation symbols are slightly modified, they can become the Blood Killing Sect's five-element killing formation. part, they are not doing useless work.

Old Man Jiusuan waited for everyone to laugh for a while, then he said with a smile: "It's just a pity. It would be great if we could know what the enemy's array structure is like. It's a pity that the things the enemy uses to arrange the array, In the end, it all turned into black smoke and disappeared, otherwise we would have received greater benefits."

But at this time, Shun Li said with a smile: "Elder Jiu Suan, this time you really said what you said. The city has always been under the surveillance of our alien yaksha. If anything happens in the city, it will all be used by us." The photo array was photographed. The array talisman in the city appeared before it turned into black smoke. If you spend some time, you can really study it." After speaking, Shu Li took out a jade slip. , and threw it directly to the old man Jiu Suan.

After Old Man Jiusuan took the jade slip, he couldn't help laughing when he heard what Shu Li said: "Okay, great, hahahaha, with this thing, we can study the Yaksha clan's magic circle." That's it." After saying that, the old man walked up to Li Ji and handed the jade slip to Li Ji with both hands.

However, Li Ji waved her hand and said: "Go back. After this attack on the city, just send it to Shenji Hall. Just remember to make a copy and give it to us." Old Man Jiu Suan agreed. With a sound, he put away the jade slips, turned around and sat down, with a somewhat excited look on his face.

Speaking of which, Old Man Jiu can be considered a member of the Shenji Hall, but now he spends more time cooperating with the brigade to fight. Unlike the other people in the Shenji Hall, who are all doing research with peace of mind, so he is now He can be regarded as a combatant, and it is precisely because of this that he is sitting here, because Wen Wenhai and the others will have many arrangements when they hold a battle meeting, and many of these arrangements need to be known to the old man Jiu Suan of.

Wen Wenhai didn't care about this. Li Ji and the others were now in charge of Shenji Hall. Shun Li's piece of jade slip was originally supposed to be given to Li Ji, but Shun Li didn't dare to be rude to Li Ji, so he gave it to Li Ji temporarily. Jiu Suan is an old man, so when Jiu Suan old man gives the jade slip to Li Ji, no one will object. This is normal.

After the old man Jiu Suan sat down, Wen Wenhai then continued: "Although the magic bugs played a key role this time, in my opinion, the magic bugs still have some shortcomings, that is, they are resistant to physical attacks. The ability should not be very strong, and the ability to defend against spells and attacks is not very strong either. If the enemy makes some improvements in this area in the future, it will not be easy for the spellworms to play such a big role. .”

Everyone nodded, and then Li Ji said: "Actually, you don't have to worry too much. When these magic bugs were first distributed to the disciples, Brother Hai also modified these magic bugs. , there is a trace of alien genes in these magic bugs, which means that they can upgrade themselves. They can not only upgrade by absorbing the enemy's genes, but they can also be upgraded even by absorbing energy, but the process may be It will be longer, and it requires a lot of energy, which is why Brother Hai didn’t use magic bugs in battles before.”

At this point, Li Ji paused for a moment, and then said: "If we let the magic bugs attack with all our strength from the beginning, then their current number may have reached a very terrifying level. In that case, we want to control It’s even more difficult. There is another shortcoming of the magic bugs that you may not have discovered, that is, as they evolve stronger, they will become more violent. At the beginning, the magic bugs were still somewhat rational, but After they evolve to a certain level, they will almost lose their minds and sometimes attack their masters. It can be said that magic bugs are not mature yet."

"The second thing is for everyone's sake. If everyone can really use magic bugs to defeat all enemies, they may neglect their own combat effectiveness, which is of no benefit to everyone, so Brother Hai doesn't want everyone to be too early If possible, use magic bugs to deal with enemies. Even in the future, magic bugs will be used as little as possible, because magic bugs are external forces, which are different from magic circles. When will we be able to control the magic circle like a magic circle? Controlling the magic bugs completely combines the power of the magic bugs with our power just like integrating the magic circle into our bodies. At that time, we can use the magic bugs. Before that, Use magic bugs as little as possible, this is what Brother Hai said."

After hearing what Li Ji said, everyone understood what Zhao Hai meant. There were so many reasons why Zhao Hai did not let them use magic insects. Today Wen Wenhai and the others have seen the power of magic bugs. If the magic bugs are really out of control and attack them in turn, the consequences will be very serious. Therefore, Zhao Hai's approach is completely understandable to them. of.

Now, what Zhao Hai said is that if you use magic bugs, you will not take action yourself. This will affect their own strength. Wen Wenhai and the others also have a deep understanding of this. This experience comes from those who use poison and The disciples who use magic bugs are very good at poisoning and using magic bugs very well, but their combat effectiveness in other aspects is not as good as that of other disciples. After all the other disciples have understood a certain skill, While Zhenyi could even use techniques to support them, they could not, so among disciples of the same level, their combat effectiveness was considered weak.

Of course, this weakness is also relative to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not afraid of their poison, nor are they afraid of magic insects, because the defense of the Blood Killing Sect disciples is too strong, but in the face of When it comes to other monks, the fighting power of these people is not weak at all, but here it only refers to the fighting power. When it comes to the understanding of the Dao, these disciples are far behind, and this is also the use of poison and magic. The reason why Dharma Chong's disciples are not taken seriously in the Blood Killing Sect.

Li Ji glanced at the others again, and then said: "This battle also allowed me to see the combat effectiveness of these magic bugs, so I plan to transfer some of the disciples who performed well among them to the logistics department to form a A specialized department studies magic bugs, allowing them to cooperate with several other departments to make magic bugs stronger as soon as possible, so that the combat effectiveness of magic bugs becomes stronger, and at the same time, it can be corrected. Their shortcomings are like this, otherwise, the magic bugs can still be used and then they won’t be used.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, as Mrs. Yiliji said, we will not use the magic bugs in the future if we can't use them. In this way, in the future, when we encounter a fortified city like the enemy, we can only use magic spells." The formation has come to deal with it, but this requires Mrs. Li Ji to talk to the people in the Shenji Camp after she goes back. It is best to come up with a more convenient magic formation. Otherwise, like this time, just setting up that The magic circle only took so long, which still had a great impact on us and wasted time."

Li Ji nodded and said: "Don't worry about this. Shenji Hall is currently researching a new magic circle, which is specifically designed to deal with this kind of shield. As long as the research is successful, then in the future, we can deal with this kind of shield." There is absolutely no problem with using a mask, and it may even have unexpected benefits.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and didn't ask anything. If Li Ji said this, it must be true, so there was no need for him to ask too many questions. As long as the things were made and they could use them. So Wen Wenhai changed the subject, and then said: "After taking this city, we will first expand our base here, and then expand externally. We have not encountered attacks from Feitian Yaksha these days. From an analysis point of view, King Xiaotian and the people in this city may not be in the same group. This is a good thing for us, but we cannot be anxious, even if they are not in the same group now Yes, it does not mean that they will not be a group in the future. What we have to deal with is the Yasha clan. Regardless of whether they are a group, we must deal with them. It is absolutely impossible for them to trust us, so there are counterintuitive schemes and the like. Strategies are useless. They are just fighting on their own now. Once they discover our threat, they may unite. By then, we will have to face the multi-faceted attacks of the Yasha clan. , so we must be careful in the future, because no one knows when the Yasha clan will unite."

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai's words were very reasonable. The enemies have not united now just because they have not yet figured it out. If they really found out how big the threat of the Blood Killing Sect was, they would definitely unite. Yes, because this is a matter of life and death for their entire race.