c7214 The enemy appears

Shun Li frowned and said: "This matter is really weird. We have made such a big noise here in the Yaksha Realm. It is impossible for the people here in the Yaksha Realm not to know that they are here. After knowing this, will you still send these people to deal with us like you are now? Don't they know our strength? There is no way these people can deal with us. Isn't this just sending death? "

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Shu Li said, he was also stunned. Then he nodded, and then said: "There is indeed something weird about this matter. Why did they do this? It's weird, really. Something is weird. Could it be that the original laws of the Yasha Realm do not allow them to deal with us together? If that is the case, then we will have an easy time."

When San Li heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he thought about it and said in a deep voice: "If it is possible, the enemies we encountered before were also the same. They did not use all their strength to deal with us at the beginning. , it is possible that the Yaksha here in the Yaksha world cannot deal with us with all their strength, but at the same time we have to be more careful about them. What if they are not for this reason? What if they have other ideas? Then we can It’s dangerous.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded. Shun Li's idea was correct. The Yasha clan is insidious and cunning. You must not underestimate them. If you really underestimate them, they may be the ones who lose in the end. So Gu Yuanzheng said: "No matter what, in the end it will be a battle to decide who wins and who loses. Let's take action. I really want to see what these Yaksha tribe are capable of." Gu Yuanzheng also said that the battle of the Yaksha tribe is He almost understood it. He didn't think the Yasha clan could do anything else, so he wasn't afraid at all.

Shu Li had the same idea. He didn't think that the Yasha clan could pull off any tricks. It was just a reminder of the ancient expedition, because if they really fell into the enemy's trap, even if they were confident that they could fight out, But the loss will not be small. Although every disciple has several lives, each life is also very precious. It would be a pity to die in vain.

It was precisely because of this idea that Shu Li immediately asked Alien Yaksha to increase the scope of the reconnaissance, and the reconnaissance was more careful, not letting go of any trace. As long as he found anything wrong, he would report it immediately. And the army of the undead clan is also advancing with all its strength.

Although they are advancing with all their strength, their formation is not chaotic at all. They know very well that their formation must not be chaotic. As long as their formation is not chaotic, even if the enemy comes, they will not be in chaos. You can deal with it calmly, otherwise, when the enemy comes, they will suffer a lot of losses.

Gu Yuanzheng never thought about deliberately messing up the formation to make the enemy think there is an opportunity, and then take the opportunity to destroy the enemy. In Gu Yuanzheng's view, it is of no use at all. What they do is The loss will not be small, there is no need at all, they just want to face the enemy upright and destroy the enemy in one fell swoop, then maybe their losses will be smaller.

The army did not encounter an enemy along the front line. After several hours of marching, they finally arrived at the Yaksha City. It was a big city, no smaller than the big city they had destroyed before. The most important thing was , above this big city, there are four floating islands floating there. At the same time, all around the floating islands are the black army of Yaksha.

The undead army stopped about fifty miles away from this big city. It was daytime in the Yaksha Realm, and there was still a gray light between the sky and the earth. This kind of light was enough for people on both sides to see each other clearly. Gu Yuanzheng and Shun Li stood on the head of a giant undead beast and could clearly see the people on the floating island. On one of the floating islands, they saw two familiar people. It was King Xiaotian and Marshal Lingkong. Neither of them were dead, but now they were staring at them with deep hatred in their eyes.

Gu Yuanzheng looked in the direction of the two of them, smiled slightly, then turned to Shu Li and said: "These two guys are really alive, and they have invited reinforcements from who knows where, and now they come to fight us again, I I thought we had scared them out of their wits in the last battle, but now it seems that I still underestimate these guys."

Shun Li also looked at the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "It won't be that simple. These guys are also very strong. They will be scared so easily. I really want to take a look. The two of them invited here this time." People, what is your strength? Do you want to attack now, or say a few words to them, and then we attack?" Shun Li really wanted to know, do you want to say a few words to the opponent, and then they attack? After all, these are the rules on the battlefield.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the opponent's army, smiled slightly and said: "I still want to say the last two sentences. Now I am even more curious. Who exactly did the opponent invite out this time? And now above the big city, but If there is a floating island, there should be no forbidden air formation, which is also a good thing for us."

Shun Li didn't say anything, just looked at the other party. Gu Yuanzheng smiled slightly, and then he waved his hand, and the undead beast under his feet flew straight forward, and soon stopped about twenty miles away from the other party. Suddenly, a fat cow also flew out from the four floating islands. Although they knew that the fat cow was a magical weapon, they were still very surprised by the ancient expedition, because this fat cow magical weapon was made of It's almost the same as a real fat cow.

After the fat cow flew up, King Xiaotian and Commander Lingkong all got on the back of the fat cow. There were two people standing on the back of the fat cow. One of them had a big sheep on his head. The head, the two horns on the sheep's head, are bent several times, and there is a goatee on the chin, which looks very weird.

The other person also has a sheep head, but his horns are not that long. Although he also has a beard, the beard is not long. He looks younger. However, the two people are wearing the same clothes. It's not armor, but robes. It doesn't look as tough as King Xiaotian and Commander Lingkong, but the two of them respect them very much.

Soon the fat cow came to a stop about a mile in front of the undead beast. The two sides looked at each other a mile apart. The leader, the goat-like old man Yaksha, looked at the ancient expedition and said in a deep voice: "You are them Leader? Where are you from? Why do you come to our Yaksha Realm?"

Gu Yuanzheng smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "I am not the leader, I am just a servant of my young master. Naturally, our Blood Killing Sect came from the Snake Realm and came to conquer the Yaksha Realm. Haha, but really speaking When I woke up, I still felt a little strange, I didn’t expect that you would actually think that you are a separate race, hahaha, this is really interesting.”

When the old goat heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, his eyes couldn't help but flash with a cold light, and he said coldly: "What do you mean? Do you dare to look down on our Yasha clan?" It was obvious that he was really angry, and there was murderous intent in his body. He has already appeared, and at this time, he is really scary.

Gu Yuanzheng was not afraid at all. He looked at the old goat, smiled slightly and said: "I don't mean to look down on the Yaksha clan. Of course, if you are really the Yaksha clan, then of course I will not look down on you, but It's a pity that you are not the real Yaksha clan. You are just a race created by others, so there really is nothing to respect. You don't have to think too much. We, the Blood Killing Sect, are here this time. , just to kill you, all the Yaksha clan must be killed."

Hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, the old goat's eyes became more murderous. He looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said, "If you want to destroy our Yasha clan, you will pay the price for it." What he said was very true. Calm, but everyone can feel the murderous aura in that voice. Looking at him, he is willing to tear the ancient expedition into pieces now.

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at himself, then turned to look at the old goat and said: "It's interesting that you can actually curse, and you can send it out so silently. It seems that you are good at curses." It seems that your attainments are not shallow, but it is a pity that you are facing our Blood Killing Sect now, and your curse technique is of no use to us."

Gu Yuanzheng's words made the old goat's eyes shrink sharply. He really didn't expect that the curse he issued would be discovered by the other party. You must know that his curse technique is sent out through sound. No one had ever discovered it before, but now the other party had discovered it. How could he not be surprised?

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the old goat's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Do you feel very strange, why did I discover your curse technique? Because we have encountered too many curse techniques, so we naturally I have a way to deal with the curse. As soon as you release the curse, I will know it immediately. I didn’t expect that you, the old goat, are quite insidious, hahahaha, but if you really want to use the curse, If you want to use magic to deal with us, I advise you to save it. It is useless. The curse technique is really useless to us people from the Blood Killing Sect."

Shun Li also laughed. He was also hit by the curse technique, but as Gu Yuanzheng said, the curse technique is really useless to them, as long as the spiritual blood killing is turned on Disciples of the sect, the curse technique is of no use to them. If the curse technique is used to deal with them now, I am afraid that no one will be afraid of this thing except for those alien yakshas and stone giant aliens who have not yet developed their spiritual intelligence. .

The old goat stared at Gu Yuanzheng with his eyes, and said in a deep voice: "What do you mean by what you just said? What do you mean that our Yaksha clan was created by others? We, the Yaksha clan, have always lived here, and are controlled by the Yaksha god. We, the Yasha clan, were brought here. No one has ever made us, why do you say that?" The old goat said while staring at Gu Yuanzheng, wanting to see what Gu Yuanzheng said when he asked these words. , what kind of reaction.