c7217 Battle

Lord Panshan stood on his floating island, looking at the Blood Killing Sect army in the distance. After returning from the ancient expedition, the Blood Killing Sect army had been silent, neither attacking nor retreating. It just stood there, Watching them complete their arrangements, Panshanjun's backup plan was useless.

In fact, Lord Panshan has already made preparations. If the people of the Blood Killing Sect really attack them while they are preparing, they will also have the back-up plan to attack the Blood Killing Sect, that is, the floating island attack. Although Panshan Jun didn't want their floating island to carry out such an attack, but he would never let the people from the Blood Killing Sect take the opportunity to cover up the attack. In that case, they would really be defeated.

But what surprised Mr. Panshan was that the Blood Killer Sect's people did not attack. They just stood there and quietly watched their arrangements. After they arranged the arrangements, the Blood Killer Sect's army took some actions. Some of them The giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect were directly transferred to the ground and landed on the ground, but the remaining giant beasts did not move, and even moved forward a little, apparently preparing to attack.

When Lord Panshan saw what the Blood Killing Sect was doing, his face couldn't help but become very ugly. King Xiaotian naturally saw this situation. He stood next to Lord Panshan and said to Lord Panshan: "Junshan, what do the people of the Blood Killing Sect think? Why didn't they attack before? At this time, it seems that they are going to attack? Are they really so sure?" King Xiaotian really felt that the people of the Blood Killing Sect were already stupid. This is a battlefield, and they haven't done anything yet. Attacking them when you are ready, but attacking them at this moment, is not stupid.

Lord Panshan looked at the Blood Killing Sect's army and said in a deep voice: "They are just waiting for us to prepare. After we are ready, they will come to deal with us because they want a fair fight with us. The Blood Killing Sect's People are difficult to deal with. If they attacked us before when we were preparing, then they can only be regarded as ordinary opponents. But if they attack at this stage, then they will be the most difficult opponents to deal with, because they are It’s attacking the heart.”

"Attack the heart?" King Xiaotian repeated the words of Lord Panshan. After repeating, his expression couldn't help but change. Then he looked at Lord Panshan and said: "Your Majesty, you mean they did it on purpose? They just want to give Give us a chance, prepare us, and then deal with us in order to lower our morale?"

King Xiaotian is not an idiot. Although he usually behaves like an idiot, his ability to become the commander-in-chief of one party depends not only on his strength. There are many people who are strong but cannot become the commander-in-chief of one party. Yes, and the fact that he can become the leader of a party is enough to show that he is definitely not a simple person.

Lord Panshan nodded and said: "Yes, they just want to destroy our morale. They just want to let us know that they are invincible. After this battle, if they really win, do you think these tribesmen who participated in the battle will... What will they think? What will they think when they meet the people of the Blood Killing Sect in the future? The most important thing is that they do it so openly and honestly that no one can say anything. This is the most terrifying thing place."

King Xiaotian's face also became extremely ugly. He looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect and snorted coldly: "Come on, I really want to see if the people of the Blood Killing Sect are really that good." Qiang, in the previous battles, there was no large army fighting. They used countless behemoths to block the impact of our floating island. This time we did not rely on the impact of the floating island, but relied on the large army to fight. I I want to see if they can completely defeat our army."

Lord Panshan laughed and said: "Yes, you are right. Our Yasha clan is a fighting race. We are born to fight. In terms of fighting, we have never been afraid of anyone. Let them do it now." , I really want to see how strong their Blood Killing Sect is, and whether they can really defeat us in this situation. Come on, let them do it, let's see if they are the blood killing sect. Zong is powerful, but we, the Yasha clan, are more powerful.”

Lord Panshan spoke very loudly and with great arrogance. The people around him all heard their blood boiling with excitement. They were like two knights. They were all ready and raised their lances. It's time to hedge, and this is the most exciting time.

Panshan Jun also felt the changes in the emotions of the people around him. He couldn't help but smile up to the sky and said loudly: "Everyone in the Yaksha clan, listen, today we are going to let the enemy know how powerful our Yaksha clan is. We want to let the enemy know. Our Yaksha clan is invincible. No one can defeat our Yaksha clan. Anyone who is our enemy will be torn into pieces by us." His voice was so loud that everyone on the battlefield heard it. His voice could be heard clearly by all members of the Yasha clan and the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as the Yaksha heard his voice, they couldn't help but cheer. They all looked at the people of the Blood Killing Sect with their teeth and claws. However, the people of the Blood Killing Sect all stood there quietly, looking at the Yaksha clan with calm faces. People, they seemed not to care about the reaction of the Yasha clan at all.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at some of the Yaksha clan members, smiled slightly and said: "Interesting, really interesting, you have learned to boost morale. I really want to see if you Yaksha clan can stop our Blood Killing Sect. Attack, everyone, get ready, Lao Yan, attack."

There is no need to say anything about the ancient expedition. The people of the Blood Killing Sect are all veterans who have experienced hundreds of battles. There is no need to boost morale before the war. There is no need at all. As long as the order is given, the people of the Blood Killing Sect will Attacking at the first opportunity, they are too familiar with the battlefield, not only because they have participated in many battles, but even in real illusions, they often have to undergo actual combat training, so the battles they have participated in are really There are too many, and each nerve has been trained like a tightrope.

Following Gu Yuanzheng's order, the giant undead beasts standing in front of the undead army immediately rushed forward. As soon as they saw this situation, all the fat bull magic weapons of the Yasha clan also rushed forward. , both sides did not use magic, they all rushed forward with all their strength, and then heard bursts of loud noises, and then the undead beasts and the fat cows all fell from the sky.

This time they clashed, but they clashed with all their strength. Even if they were not killed, they were hit hard, and all of them were dizzy. Although those fat cows were magic weapons, such an impact also made him very angry. It was uncomfortable. After all, they were facing giant undead beasts, and these giant undead beasts were all armored. They almost fainted from the impact of the giant undead beasts with armor. Those fat cows The situation is naturally not going to be any better. This fat cow is like a bloody battle fortress. He is a magic weapon and he also needs to be controlled by someone. Even if he is not destroyed, the person who controls him is. They will be injured. The previous impact was really too violent. The people in the fat cows were also impacted and may have been injured, so all the fat cows fell to the ground.

And those giant undead beasts were stunned after being hit, so they also fell downwards. It looked like they were injured. When they saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng didn't even stop, and immediately He ordered the undead army to attack across the board. Following his order, the Rubik's Cube formation composed of the undead army began to press forward across the board. Their speed was not very fast, but the formation was not chaotic at all, just like square stones. , the same as being moved as a whole.

When the people of the Yasha clan saw that the people of the Blood Killing Sect were moving, they were naturally not idle, and they all started to move. They also had a three-dimensional battle formation, but their battle formation was not a large Rubik's Cube formation, but rather scattered. The formation is orderly in chaos. You can tell at a glance that this is a battle formation summed up from actual combat.

The battle formations of both sides were getting closer and closer, and they were about to collide. At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the Yaksha formation: "Let go." Following this voice, the Yaksha clan In the large formation, countless magical weapons immediately flew out. Some of these magical weapons were circular, some were spherical, and very few were weapon-shaped. I don’t know who the Yasha clan is. , why do you have to make these magic weapons like this?

As for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, when they saw the Yasha clan releasing their magical weapons, they were naturally not polite. Every commander of the Rubik's Cube formation gave an order, and then they saw countless bends. The sword shapes flew directly out of the Blood Killing Sect's formation. These sword shadows quickly collided with the magic weapons of the Yasha clan, but there were too many sword shadows. Although some would He flew back to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but more of them were in that area, dancing like butterflies, shooting down all the magic weapons of the Yasha clan.

The magical weapons of the Yaksha clan are not bad, but they are far inferior to the sword wings of the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, after this meeting, the Yaksha clan heard that they were wrong. Many people's magical weapons were directly used. It was destroyed, and more magical weapons were out of control, and they couldn't be taken back even if they wanted to.

The people of the Yasha clan couldn't help but panic when they saw this situation. They shouted, and the army immediately pressed forward, and the army of the Blood Killing Sect also slowly pressed forward. The magic weapons between the two armies , but it became less and less, and finally disappeared completely.

Among those magical weapons, most of the Yaksha clan's magical weapons were destroyed, and only a few were taken back. Although they had just fought for such a long time, those magical weapons couldn't stand the sword wings of the Blood Killing Sect. Attack, the sword wing attack of the Blood Killer Sect is very powerful. In addition, the material of the magic weapon they used is much stronger than the material of the Yasha clan's magic weapon, so most of the Yasha clan's magic weapon was destroyed in one go. This is also the reason why the Yasha clan had to rush forward, because all their magical weapons were about to be destroyed. If they really waited until all their magical weapons were destroyed before rushing forward, then they would have to face it. They didn't want to kill the Sword Wings of the Blood Killing Sect, so they rushed forward.