c7218 curse

The people of the Blood Killing Sect also retracted their sword wings. They all took out their weapons, lined up in a neat formation, and slowly approached. When the two sides were about a mile apart, several members of the Blood Killing Sect The Rubik's Cube formation suddenly changed. The Rubik's Cube formation turned into a cone-shaped formation in the blink of an eye. Then the cone-shaped formation suddenly accelerated and rushed straight into the formation of the Yasha clan.

Those people of the Yasha clan never thought that the people of the Blood Killing Sect would suddenly change their formation after such a short distance, which made them a little prepared and unhurried. But at this moment, the Blood Killing Sect The army had already rushed over. Several cone-shaped formations, like drills, rushed into the formation of the Yaksha clan. The people of the Yaksha clan were obviously veterans, and they immediately changed their formations. , directly passed the tip of the conical formation, surrounded the conical formation from all sides, and greeted the disciples of the Blood Killing Formation with various weapons.

But the cone-shaped formation of the Blood Killing Sect is not a cone-shaped formation that does not move. Their cone-shaped formation is constantly rotating, like a drill. The people of the Yasha clan One moment they were attacking a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, and the next moment it was replaced by another one, and they were being attacked by a steady stream of Blood Killing Sect disciples. In this case, they wanted to attack the Blood Killing Sect. It is very difficult for the disciples to cause any effective damage.

It is precisely because of this that the several cone-shaped formations rushed back and forth in his formation. The people of the Yasha clan were unable to stop their attack, but the several large formations of the Blood Killing Sect were slowly attacking. They approached together, and those people of the Yaksha clan between the two formations, as long as they could not dodge, were all killed, turned into black smoke, leaving a Yaksha tooth and disappeared, and with this The closer the formation got, the more and more people died.

Panshan Jun looked at this situation and his face couldn't help but become very ugly. He stared at the battlefield. Then he withdrew his gaze and looked behind the Blood Killing Sect army. He saw those behind the Blood Killing Sect army. The Rubik's Cube formation with hundreds of millions of people, and the bloody battle castle behind it, made his face become even more ugly.

After a while, Lord Panshan finally spoke: "This Blood Killing Sect is not an enemy we are capable of now. We must retreat immediately. We must use divine orders immediately to tell everyone about the Blood Killing Sect and unite the power of our entire Yaksha world. , in order to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, notify the cities below that they must defend it."

As soon as he said this, he heard a loud bang coming from below. Panshanjun and the others all looked down. This sight shocked them. They never expected that what was below was The big city was actually breached by the Blood Killing Sect. The sound just now was the sound made by the giant beast that the Blood Killing Sect had sent below before, breaking through the city wall.

When King Xiaotian saw this situation, he couldn't help being surprised and murmured: "How is this possible? In order to destroy Fenggui City under my rule, they spent several days and thought a lot How could we destroy the Tooth City so quickly now? What's going on?"

When Lord Panshan saw this situation, his face became even more ugly. He said in a deep voice: "The Blood Killing Sect must have found some way to break the formation. No, we must leave immediately. If we really let the Blood Killing Sect If Zong's army reaches us, then our floating islands may be in danger. Send an order to retreat with all your strength. Those who are fighting, let them cut off the rear."

After saying that, Panshan Jun glanced at the battlefield where the fighting was taking place, his face was very ugly. After a while, he said: "Wait, I must avenge this revenge, I must avenge it, and withdraw." Someone responded and then went directly to deliver the order.

Following Panshan Lord's order, eight-legged cows immediately jumped out from several floating islands, and then the floating islands retreated straight away. During this whole process, Panshan Lord stood still. There, looking in the direction of the battlefield, his eyes seemed to be spitting out fire. He didn't want to fail, but he found that no matter in terms of strength or numbers, they had no advantage. In this case, they had no way to fight against the Blood Killing Sect, so they could only retreat.

Just as they were retreating, those Yashas who were fighting the Blood Killing Sect all became crazy. They didn't know what was going on with them. It seemed that after they were abandoned, they would become even more crazy instead of morale. Running away without any hope, those Yashas began to attack the army of the Blood Killer clan members desperately, often using a life-for-life attack method, and their attacks were indeed a life-for-life attack for the Blood Killer clan. The Blood Killing Sect brought some troubles, but the Rubik's Cube Formation of the Blood Killing Sect was too flexible. They could be divided and combined, and were constantly changing. Therefore, it was really difficult for those Yashas to defeat the Blood Killing Sect. Not to mention defeating the Blood Killing Sect, even if you want to exchange your life for a life, it is difficult to do so.

Gu Yuanzheng also saw Panshan Jun and his companions leaving. He did not want to chase them because there was a battlefield between them. If he chased them now, he would definitely not be able to catch up. He might as well concentrate on taking care of these Yakshas. This is what they should do, so Gu Yuanzheng did not give the order to pursue them. He just glanced at Panshan Jun and the others who were leaving, and then turned his eyes to the battlefield, with a thoughtful look on his face.

Then Gu Yuanzheng turned to Shu Li who had been standing aside and said: "Old Shu, have you noticed that these Yaksha seem to have become more fierce after being left here, and even the fierce ones are a bit abnormal. , do you think there seems to be something weird here?"

When Shun Li heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then said: "It's true, the last few times we fought against those Yakshas, ​​none of the Yakshas who were left behind escaped. They all play with a fighting style. To be honest, I was very surprised at the time, what? Do you think there is something wrong with this? "

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "I didn't have any ideas in this regard before, but after knowing that people from the Yasha clan can use curses, I have some ideas. Do you think it could be the case with those from the Yasha clan? People who have been cursed have been planted with a curse for a long time. Once they are given up or given an order to stop, their curse will be activated and they will fight desperately. Do you think there is such a thing? A possibility?"

Shun Li thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "It is possible, but it may also be a tradition of the Yasha clan. If you want to know whether this is really the case, there is only one way, and that is to catch two A yaksha, and then see if they are cursed, or else check if there is a curse on those yaksha teeth. If there is a curse on those yaksha teeth, then we, the alien race, may also be cursed. "

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the battlefield and said in a deep voice: "It is impossible to capture the Yaksha clan. They will only fight to death and it is absolutely impossible to be caught. This is very similar to the Shadow clan. As for the Yaksha clan, There will be no curse. We need to take a closer look at this. If the alien family is really cursed, it will be troublesome, and we must find a solution as soon as possible."

Chen Li nodded, and then he thought, and soon an alien Yaksha flew in front of him. Chen Li looked at the alien Yaksha clan, and then said: "You stay here to break up the relationship, we are leaving. "He just wanted to see if such an order would have any impact on the alien Yaksha. ,

What Shun Li didn't expect was that as soon as he gave the order, the murderous aura on the alien Yaksha immediately emerged. His eyes suddenly turned blood red, and his whole person exuded a crazy aura. Shun Li and Gu Yuanzheng, it can be seen at a glance that he is definitely not normal.

Shu Li and Gu Yuanzheng were both stunned. Their previous guesses were just casual remarks. They really never thought that this would really happen. So now when they saw the reaction of the alien Yaksha, both of them felt Extremely surprised, the reaction of the alien Yaksha clearly told them that their previous guesses were true, how could they not be surprised.

Shun Li quickly said: "There is no need for you to cut off the queen. You can return to the team immediately." He wanted to see if this curse was controllable. If such a simple command could control the curse, then The curse technique that represents the Yasha clan has developed to a very terrifying level.

And something that surprised Shu Li and Gu Yuanzheng happened. The curse was actually controllable. After receiving Shu Li's order, the alien Yaksha returned to normal within a short period of time. , this shocked Shu Li, and he really didn’t know what to say.

Gu Yuanzheng was silent for a while, and then he said: "It looks like it is really a curse. This matter must be reported. We must not let a curse stay in the body of the alien clan. If it really breaks out at a critical moment, If so, it would be very fatal for us.”

Shun Li's face was extremely solemn and he said: "You must let the young master know about this matter, and also let other people who study Yaksha teeth know, lest they also fall into this curse. We must be careful, although we all have restraint. Curse method, but that method may not be able to overcome all curses, so we must be careful."

Gu Yuanzheng just nodded and didn't say anything. Instead, he turned his head and glanced at the battlefield where the battle was still going on. After a while, he sighed and murmured: "To be honest, I least want to meet him on the battlefield. As for the curse technique, the lethality of the curse technique is really too great. In order to prevent us from being afraid of the curse technique, the young master came up with countless ways before and finally came up with this method. But it is precisely because of this. I don’t want to encounter the curse technique even more, even the young master has such a headache, which shows how troublesome this curse technique will be, but I didn’t expect that I still encountered it.”

Shun Li smiled bitterly and said: "This is absolutely normal. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is actually the power of curse, so it is absolutely normal for them to use curse techniques. This is something we can't change, so We can only do our own thing well, but I believe that we, the Blood Killing Clan, will never be afraid of curses. We will be the victor in the end, whether we are fighting against the Yasha Clan or the Shadow Clan. When we face the things behind the power of law, we will definitely win."