c7211 test

Five days later, in the Xuanwu Space, a special testing ground of Shenji Hall was found. This testing ground was very huge. It was one of the large testing grounds that Zhao Hai originally assigned to Shenji Hall. This place was specially used for testing. There are various large-scale magic weapons and large-scale magic arrays. There are many people standing in this testing ground now. The core elders of the Blood Killing Sect are all here. Laura and the others are also here. Even Zhao Hai is here. .

Wen Yuming stood next to Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, we have made the Sky-Swallowing Net. Today we are here to test it. Do you think it can start?" Wen Yuming really said What's more, he didn't expect that Zhao Hai would come today, so he was still a little nervous.

Zhao Hai has been in seclusion for a while, and he just heard about the spherical array. He also saw Laura and the others' research on the spherical array. To be honest, he was also very curious about this spherical array. That's why he came over to take a look. He also felt that this spherical formation was really worth learning from in many aspects. Now when he heard what Yu Ming said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, come on."

Wen Yuming responded, and then he waved his hand immediately, and saw the old man Jiu Suan standing not far from him, and immediately played a magic formula. As the magic formula was played, not far in front of them , a huge shield immediately rose up. This shield was the kind commonly used by the Blood Killing Sect, but Zhao Hai could see the difference in this shield at a glance. He raised his eyebrows and said: " Is this shield made according to the Yaksha clan's shield array? Is it supported by many energy pillars inside?"

Zhao Hai is an expert in magic formations, so he can see the difference in this shield at a glance. His mental power is extremely powerful, so any change in this shield will cause him to panic. Pay attention, so the changes in the shield cannot escape his eyes.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Exactly, sect master, this is built according to the shield of the Yasha clan. We call it the fish scale armor shield. In the future, the sect's shields will also use this kind of shield, but we Prepare to add the Five Elements Killing Formation to this armor cover, I believe it will be even more powerful."

Zhao Hai nodded. Wen Yuming also understood what Zhao Hai meant. He turned around and glanced at Zhang Hongliang beside him. Zhang Hongliang also nodded. Then he moved his hand, and there was an extra diameter in his hand. A huge metal ball of about one meter. As soon as the metal ball appeared in his hand, it immediately glowed with white light. Then Zhang Hongliang waved his hand, and the metal ball flew directly into the protective array.

The metal ball didn't fly very fast. When it entered the protective circle about a mile away, it fell from the sky and landed on the ground. Wen Yuming quickly said to Zhao Hai: "Because there may be a forbidden air array in the enemy's city, so we added a forbidden air array on the periphery of the shield just for testing. This array is in In this case, can he also exert his due power?"

Zhao Hai showed an expression of approval on his face and said, "Yes, you have thought very carefully about studying magical weapons based on actual combat. You have done a good job in this regard." Wen Yuming felt relieved. There was a hint of joy on his face as he responded repeatedly, but his eyes were looking at the metal ball. He knew very clearly that no matter how well their shield was made, the one they were going to test today was still the swallowing sky. If their Sky-Swallowing Network test fails, it will be considered a failure. No matter how carefully they consider it, it will still be a failure, so he is still a little nervous.

The metal ball fell to the ground and did not break. Instead, it rolled straight towards the shield. At this time, several more energy eggs flew out from the shield and shot towards the metal ball. But all the metal balls were dodged. Even if there were one or two that didn't dodge, the metal balls were all blocked and were not damaged.

Then the speed of the metal ball was very fast, and it arrived in front of the shield in a short while. When the metal ball reached the front of the shield, it directly touched the shield, and then rolled on top of the shield, as if there was something there. , as if sticking to him, and as he rolled forward, he was still laying eggs on one side. Countless small metal balls fell out from this big metal ball. After these small metal balls fell out, He rolled around, as if he was attracted by some force.

After the metal ball rolled to the top of the shield, the small metal balls had also arranged the entire shield. Then the big metal ball began to rotate in place, and as he rotated, Those small metal balls all started to spin counterclockwise, and the speed became faster and faster. In the end, the shadows of those small balls were almost invisible. What was even more strange was that the big metal ball, It seems to have completely disappeared.

Zhao Hai knew very well that the metal ball did not disappear, he just hid. It seems that this is an ability of the metal ball. He can become invisible, which makes it harder for the enemy to find him, and Zhao Hai also discovered it. , the big metal ball outside can move. He has now left the highest point of the shield and is flowing on the shield without touching those small balls. This kind of control is really good.

Of course, Zhao Hai has not forgotten the real function of these metal balls. The real function of these metal balls is to see how much energy they can absorb, so Zhao Hai immediately shifted his attention to the shield. I want to see if there is any change in the power on the shield.

At this glance, he discovered that the change in the shield was very huge. Now the energy on the shield had become much smaller. Although there was still power being continuously transmitted into the shield, it was not as good as those metals. The ball absorbs quickly. Zhao Hai roughly calculated that in about two quarters of an hour, the energy in the shield will be completely absorbed.

However, Zhao Hai did not make a sound, he just stood there and watched, until two quarters of an hour later, sure enough, the shield broke with a bang, because all his energy had been absorbed, so the shield When the shield was broken, it didn't make much noise. The sound was very small. If it weren't for masters like Zhao Hai and others, ordinary people wouldn't be able to suck it. This shows that the power of the shield is already so small. Completed.

As the shield broke, bursts of white light immediately appeared on the small balls. These white lights directly covered the magic circle below. Zhao Hai could clearly feel the power of the yin and yang thunder pool in the magic circle. , I can’t feel it at all anymore, it seems to be sealed.

Zhao Hai was still very satisfied with this result. He nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Not bad, very good. This Sky-Swallowing Net is really good, very good, and this kind of magic circle is very good." , I feel there is still a lot to be done, Lao Wenna, the control of this magic weapon is quite enough, how did you do it?"

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he smiled and said: "Sect Master, this is actually very simple. We actually don't need to control such magical weapons ourselves. We can use the soul refining technique to convert some beast souls." , are refined into the magic circle, and then we can command these magic circles by commanding these beast souls. Although these beast souls are not as strong as our light brains, there is still no problem in performing simple commands."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "This method is really good, you can make good use of it. Now we Blood Killing Sect disciples can be said to be guarding a treasure house. This method may be the key to unlocking the vault, and the same is true for this spherical array, you can study it carefully."

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Yes, Sect Master, we are doing this kind of research now, and I believe there will be results soon. By then, our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will be even more blessed, and our combat effectiveness will be improved at once. , even the defensive ability will be greatly improved."

Zhao Hai patted his shoulders and said: "Thank you for your hard work. In fact, I have always thought that you are the most suitable for Shenji Hall. You should be the leader of Shenji Hall. After you complete this upgrade, Shenji Hall will You are still the leader of the machine hall, how about it?" Zhao Hai really thought so. Although he wanted Laura and the others to do something to prevent them from being bored, they didn't want Laura and the others to do anything. He will be tired, so if he is willing to be the master of the Shenji Hall, it would be best if he should be the master.

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "No need, Sect Master, actually I prefer this life now. I really have no interest in managing Shenji Hall. The management of several ladies is very good." It's good. Now the work efficiency of Shenji Hall is much better than before, so I'd better let them continue to manage it."

Wen Yuming belongs to that kind of pure technical personnel. They are more interested in various technologies and literature than in power, so he is really happy now, studying how he feels every day. He doesn't have to worry about things in Shenji Hall anymore. This is exactly the life he wants to live.

Upon hearing what he said, Zhao Hai could only shake his head impatiently and said: "You, okay, do whatever you want, work hard, I can see that you are about to break through, to be honest, I I am even more interested in what you will become after you break through." After saying that, Zhao Hai turned to the others and nodded, and then said: "You have done a good job, I will leave this to you. "After saying that, he moved and disappeared.

Seeing Zhao Hai leaving, Wen Wenhai and the others were not surprised. Several people came to Wen Yuming and said to Wen Yuming: "Old Wen, you can do it. What you did this time is really good." It's very beautiful. Can we use this sky-swallowing net now? We are preparing to attack."

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Of course it can be used. You can take him away now. This is a method of manipulation. If the first one is successful, it will be easy to say what happens next. After we go back, we will work harder. You don't have to worry." After saying that, Wen Yuming gave a jade slip to Wen Wenhai, then led the people from Shenji Hall and left.