c7210 Tuntian.com

When they made this spherical magic circle, they left an inner space inside the spherical magic weapon, and also added an energy compression magic circle inside the spherical magic weapon. If this spherical magic circle If energy is really absorbed, the energy absorbed by the spherical array will eventually enter the energy compression array, where it will be compressed into crystals and stored in the inner space of the spherical array.

It is precisely because of this that they are so nervous because they are adding four different changes to a spherical array. It can be said to be a combination of four spherical arrays. One is To absorb energy, the second is the barrier array, the third is the energy compression array, and the fourth is the inner space array. These four arrays are combined together to form this spherical array, which is very important because it represents It is well known that they have completely understood the principles of the spherical array, and even added some of their own things.

You must know that the spherical shield array of the Yasha clan they saw in the projection did not have so many abilities. The spherical array only had two kinds of energy, one was the shield and the other was the phantom array. The phantom array is still a purely auxiliary array, so in real terms, the spherical array actually has only one ability, and that is the shield ability.

The spherical magic circle created by the Blood Killing Sect this time is a spherical magic circle with four complete abilities. It is much more powerful than the spherical magic circle of the Yasha clan. At the same time, this also means that, They have completely mastered the method of making a spherical array, otherwise they would not be able to make this array with four functions work normally.

It is precisely because of this that everyone is so happy after seeing those crystal stones. Of course they are happy, because this means that this spherical magic circle has been completely successful and they can take their next step. Planned, this spherical magic circle is just a test product, and their next step is to play with something big.

Wen Yuming asked the disciple to put away the spherical magic circle, take it back and prepare to turn it into metal again, and then use it. At the same time, he also asked the disciple to put away the crystal stones, and wait until everything is taken care of. After hearing the name, he looked at everyone, and then said: "I think we can improve the mesh-shaped array we were going to make before. Let's change it into a grid-shaped array as everyone said before. There is no problem with the cue ball-shaped array, right?"

Everyone said in unison: "No problem." This proposal was originally proposed by them, and of course there is no problem now. They already have a complete plan. As long as they design it well and use the optical brain to complete it, By inference, there is no problem.

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Okay, let's go and get busy as we discussed before." Everyone agreed, then turned around and left. They had been assigned tasks before, and now they are all I have my own things to do, so I don't need to give too many orders.

But Wen Yuming returned to his own experiment, and then he glanced at the magic circle on his desk. Preparation, it should be the projection of a magic weapon. This is a very strange magic weapon. His number There are really too many of them, and they seem to be so densely packed that they can’t even be counted.

This magic weapon was specially prepared to break the shield of the Yaksha clan. It is called the Sky-Swallowing Net. This magic weapon did not look like this at the beginning. It was really a big net. This big net was made up of many The array symbols are composed of, and the array symbols are connected by metal energy lines. The reason why these energy lines are called metal energy lines is because these lines all look like array symbols. They are specialized It is used to conduct energy. This is what Li Ji said at the beginning. The energy network prepared by Shenjitang is used to break the shield of the Yasha clan.

But now this energy network is completely different. The current energy network is composed of a main array and 1,296 auxiliary arrays. It can also be said to be composed of a mother array and 1,290 auxiliary arrays. It consists of ninety-six sub-arrays. The mother array is a relatively larger sphere, and the sub-arrays are smaller spheres. However, even the mother array is not very big, only one meter in diameter, and the sub-arrays are But it's only the size of a dragon's eye. This is the new sky-swallowing net array.

This array was made using the spherical array of the Yasha clan. Because this spherical array can emit energy pillars, they became famous, so they directly turned the energy pillars they released into The energy line is connected, and then a mother array carries all the sub-arrays, just like a big net, covering the opponent's shield at once, and then absorbing the energy in the opponent's shield, because the magic array of this large array There are a lot of them, and the speed of absorption is also very fast, so it is most suitable for breaking formations.

This new Sky-Swallowing Net is very different from the original Sky-Swallowing Net. The first point is that this new Sky-Swallowing Net can be expanded almost infinitely and will become very huge. The area can even be expanded to ten times or even a hundred times that of the original Sky Swallowing Network. It can be said that as long as you have enough mental strength, you can make this big network continue to expand. As for activating this big network, or The energy required to run this big net can be completely solved by the yin and yang thunder pool in this big net, and the main purpose of the big net is to absorb the enemy's power, and he can also rely on this to solve the energy problem.

Second, all the spherical formations of this Sky-Swallowing Network have internal spaces, which can be compressed and stored. This is very necessary. If there is no such method of storing energy, then this large network will absorb The energy may be wasted, so it is very necessary to have an inner space where the power absorbed by the big net can be stored, turned into crystals, and returned to the sect for storage.

Third, this Sky-Swallowing Network will become more flexible and safer. Although this Sky-Swallowing Network has a core, which is the mother formation, it can change its shape at will. As long as it is activated With this Sky-Swallowing Net, he can change its shape however he wants without any problem. In this way, this Sky-Swallowing Net will be safer. As long as the enemy destroys the mother formation, this The Sky-Swallowing Net can no longer be used, but because the mother formation can be moved, it will not be easy for the enemy to destroy the mother formation.

The fourth is that this Sky-Swallowing Net will absorb energy at a much faster rate. The original Sky-Swallowing Net is composed of individual talismans, but this Sky-Swallowing Net is composed of more than a thousand spells. It is composed of an array, so the speed at which he absorbs energy is naturally very fast.

It is precisely because it has so many advantages that this Sky-Swallowing Net will replace the previous Sky-Swallowing Net and become something that Yu Ming and they must make now. Wen Yu Ming and their original plan was to first They tested the spherical array and then planted the sky-swallowing net. Now they are following their plan, step by step.

The reason why the research of the Blood Killing Sect is so smooth has a lot to do with the accumulation of the Blood Killing Sect. The accumulation of the Blood Killing Sect in the magic circle over the years is really too rich, so they can As soon as they see this spherical array and crack the spherical array, they can immediately make a spherical array or even upgrade the spherical array, because their early accumulation is so rich.

But Yu Yu will not be satisfied because of this, because he knows very well that the emergence of this spherical magic circle will play a role in changing many magic circles in the Blood Killing Sect. The use of the external incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect will also undergo huge changes. He must start to solve this matter now.

But Old Man Jiu Suan is doing another thing now, which is to study how to combine the spherical magic circle with the Rubik's Cube Array. Their Rubik's Cube Array can now use the Magic Cube Array, but there are still There were many questions. He wanted to see if he could combine the spherical magic array with the magic cube array to make the magic array more powerful.

But unfortunately, after studying it for a long time, he finally discovered that this spherical magic circle did not seem to be suitable for the Rubik's Cube. This was really surprising. The old man Jiu Suan didn't know how much effort Zhao Hai put into the magic square. The changes in the magic square were not always the same. During the battle, the magic cube was changing, and the magic square was changing. The position of the array talisman is actually changing. In other words, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can completely fight the enemy in the magic cube array. When deformed, they can still form a magic array and use the power of the magic array. However, The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have rarely used it, because there are too many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the front are fighting with others, but there are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect behind them, who can form a large formation to deal with them. They provide support, so they don't have to fight by themselves, but they also have to pay attention to the changes in the runes on their bodies.

But if it is not used now, it does not mean that this method will be useless in the future. If the enemy they face is very powerful in the future, or they need a small team to face the enemy, then this method can still be used, and it is still very effective. It's useful, so the magic array used by the Blood Killing Sect now is the most suitable for them.

Although he did not succeed, the old man Jiu Shuan was not angry. He knew very well that Zhao Hai created the magic square. If what Zhao Hai created could be cracked so easily, then he would be underestimating Zhao Hai. Well, the more he understood about the magic square, the clearer the old man was about how difficult it was to clear the magic square, so for himself, he failed to integrate the spherical magic square into the magic square. Among them, he was not surprised, but he could treat this as a long-term topic for research.

But the other people in Shenji Hall are not idle. In fact, it is not very difficult for them to make the Sky-Swallowing Net. They just turn a huge magic circle into a mother-child magic circle. Forget it, this is not a problem for them. The most difficult thing before was the spherical array. Now that the problem of the spherical array has been completely solved, they will not have any problems in making the Sky-Swallowing Net.