c7216 Attack the heart

Previously, King Xiaotian also wanted to invite some people from the Yaksha clan to help him deal with the Blood Killing Sect, but he did not have the power to ask for divine orders, so he could only send people to a few commanders who were close to him. Please, and even wrote a letter to Mr. Panshan who had been protecting him, asking for Mr. Panshan's help.

But the kings or emperors of the Yaksha clan generally will not leave their own territory, let alone their floating islands, because they are worried about their own safety. If these kings or emperors die, then their The territory will be divided up by others immediately, so if they leave their floating island rashly and leave their territory, they may fall into the trap of others and be ambushed by others. If that is really the case , then they are doomed.

These kings or emperors will not leave their own territory, so even if King Xiaotian asks Panshan Lord for help, Panshan Lord cannot go to his island to help. At most, he will bring his own floating island to help. It's just King Xiaotian, and although the floating island's movement speed is not slow, it is not necessarily that fast. It is precisely because of this that Master Panshan is here now. In fact, the city below them is not Panshan. The city is under the rule of the king, but the city is under the rule of King Xiaotian.

Of course, Lord Panshan is not only arranging these, but he is also arranging the floating islands in the sky. He knows very well that if the Blood Killing Sect comes now, they will definitely attack them. If they don't make arrangements, it will be very serious. trouble, so they have to be careful.

Lord Panshan had heard about the battle between King Xiaotian and the Blood Killer Sect before, and knew that the Blood Killer Sect had a way to deal with the floating island, so he had to be prepared. Lord Panshan's arrangement was actually very simple. He first arranged a row of fat cow magic weapons at the front of the floating island, followed by the Yaksha army, followed by the eight-legged cow, and after the eight-legged cow, came the floating island.

Panshan Jun never thought about using floating islands to collide. In Panshan Jun's opinion, using floating islands to collide is the stupidest way to fight. Although it seems that it can sweep everything, once it is allowed to If the opponent is destroyed, everything will be over, so he is not preparing to use the floating island to collide, but is preparing to fight with the Blood Killing Sect's army.

Lord Panshan's arrangements were quickly completed, and Gu Yuanzheng had been standing on the head of the undead beast watching everything. When he saw Lord Panshan's arrangements were completed, a smile appeared on Gu Yuanzheng's face, and he smiled slightly He smiled and said: "That's right. A good fight with us is much better than charging with a giant beast."

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "I think we should let the Alien Yaksha and Stone Giant Ox Alien back now. They don't have the defense ability of the Curse Technique. If they are caught by the Curse Technique, it will be very troublesome. They will die. It doesn’t matter, what I’m worried about is that they will be controlled by others. If they are controlled by others and attack our formation in turn, that would be bad.”

Gu Yuanzheng thought for a while, nodded and said: "Okay, I think it's better to do this. Anyway, there is a city down here. Let the alien Yaksha and the giant stone bull alien attack the city below. At the same time, I will also take this Report the matter to the young master. If they are really cursed, only the young master can control them."

Shun Li nodded and said: "Okay, then it's necessary. I think if necessary, in the future, after the new Alien Yaksha and Stone Giant Ox Alien are created, they can be directly transformed into the undead clan. This way they can practice without fear of curses."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Shu Li said, he couldn't help but look at him with a strange expression and said: "Old Shu, you are cruel enough. They are your clansmen. Doesn't this mean that you will give them away as soon as they are born?" Kill him? Is this really good?" Gu Yuanzheng really didn't expect that Shu Li would have such a proposal, so he said this.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "There is nothing wrong with them. The way they are now, there are actually too many restrictions. Not to mention the curse technique. Sometimes, the enemy can use some other means to control them. Instead of letting them be like this , living in confusion, it is better to let them die once, and then they can live like ordinary disciples of our Blood Killing Sect, which is also good for them."

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "In this matter, you'd better not mess around. It's better to tell the young master and let the young master decide. After all, this is also their life. It's really unreasonable to kill them directly. Yes, the young master has always taken great care of the alien clan and our undead clan. Our two clans are the two swords in his hands. I think the young master will not agree with your idea."

Shun Li nodded, then sighed softly, and said in a deep voice: "It is precisely because we are the two swords in the hands of the young master that I want to do this. If we don't do this, what qualifications do we have?" It’s nothing more than the sword in your hand, this matter still depends on the young master, and the young master can do whatever he says.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, not saying anything, but looked at Panshan Lord's arrangement, smiled slightly and said: "They arranged the Fat Ox Magical Artifact to the front. First, they were afraid that we would use the undead beast to attack them. The second is that they also want to impact us, so they do this. What do you think we should do?"

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "Just fight them directly. This time we just want to hurt them. We will first use the undead beast to hedge against them. First, wash away their fat bull magic weapon, and then fight with the army. As for their eight-legged cows, if they dare to charge up, then we don't have to be polite and just let the army of undead beasts deal with those eight-legged cows. Judging from their layout, they probably won't move on the floating island. As long as their floating island does not move, our iron ball magic weapon should not be moved. It is not a good thing to let them know about the iron ball magic weapon too early. They may have made preparations earlier."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "That's what I mean." After saying that, he took out the communication array and said directly: "Old Yan, you will let the undead beast charge at the opponent's army in a moment. Remember, Just redeem those fat cows. Also, move the giant stone bull aliens to the ground and attack the cities on the ground. The enemies will use curse techniques. The alien family has no ability to defend against curse techniques. You might be at a disadvantage if you stay up there.”

The voice of King of Hell came: "Okay, just leave it to me. What are you going to do? Are you really going to have a fair battle with the other party?" King of Hell knew Gu Yuanzheng very well. When he heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, , he understood that what Gu Yuanzheng meant was that he probably wanted to have a relatively fair battle with the opponent. Without the undead behemoth attacking the opponent's battle formation, he could only watch the battle between the disciples on both sides.

Gu Yuanzheng chuckled and said in a deep voice: "Who do we, the Undead Clan, have ever been afraid of? Today, let us see the combat effectiveness of our Undead Clan disciples, just to have a fight with them. Old man, please pay attention to the ground. If there is anything As for the Earthly Yaksha, you must also be careful to prevent them from using curse techniques. Ordinary curse techniques can kill people, but if their curse techniques are control-type, that is not good. ”

When Cang Ming heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he nodded and said: "Okay, I understand, don't worry, I know what to do." After saying that, there were voices, Gu Yuanzheng didn't say anything, they were all People who have experienced hundreds of battles will naturally know what to do when. So Gu Yuanzheng entered the communication array and turned around to look at Panshan Lord's arrangement.

After a while, after seeing that Panshan Jun and the others had arranged the layout, Gu Yuanzheng smiled slightly, took out the communication array, and ordered the King of Hell: "Old Yan, get ready." The enemy is now ready, so he will naturally It's time to attack. This is what the King of Hell said. Give the enemy a relatively fair fighting chance. Otherwise, their army would have rushed over. But Gu Yuanzheng didn't want to do that. What he is doing now seems like That's stupid. You two are enemies. How can you still give your enemy a chance to prepare? Wouldn't that make your side's casualties even greater?

But this method actually has another effect, which is to improve the morale of one's own side and undermine the morale of the enemy's side. It is clear that he has time to launch an attack when the enemy is not ready, but he gives the enemy time to prepare. , this shows that I don’t think highly of you, I don’t take you seriously, I just want you to prepare, and then deal with you, because even if I give you time to prepare, I can still deal with you, this is a an attitude.

And this method will also have a huge impact on the enemy's morale, because the enemy will also know that you gave them the opportunity to form a team. If they are still defeated by you in this situation, then the enemy will have a chance. This feeling is that you are completely invincible, and this is exactly what Gu Yuanzheng wants to achieve. He is to make the enemy feel that they are invincible.

Attacking the enemy with a sharp edge is exactly what Gu Yuanzheng wants to do, and Zhao Hai has also done such a thing. The reason why the Blood Killing Sect can reach this point, the reason why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are so proud, and the reason why the Blood Killing Sect is so proud They believe that their Blood Killing Sect is invincible. It is through the confidence accumulated in such battles that they believe that they are invincible. They believe that no enemy is their opponent and they believe that they can defeat them. Any enemy, whether you are prepared or not, is the same. That's why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have such confidence.

Of course, this method also has two sides. Once you fail to defeat the enemy and are defeated by the enemy, then you are stupid, so everything has two sides. The reason why Gu Yuanzheng dared to do this is because he has a strong understanding of blood. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have confidence, absolute confidence. He believes that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can defeat any enemy. He believes that by doing so, he can better undermine the enemy's confidence and let the enemy see them in the Blood Killing Sect in the future. A disciple who is a disciple will first be afraid of three points in his heart. This is his purpose.

Think about it, if you attack and defeat the enemy before they are ready, the enemy may not be convinced or afraid. They will only hate you and think that you have taken advantage of them. But when you are in front of them Defeat him when you think you are the strongest, then when they see you,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.