c7215 Panshanjun

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the old goat, chuckled, and then said: "Can I know your identity? I have already met King Xiaotian and Commander Lingkong, but this is the first time for me to see you. I really want to know who you are." Gu Yuanzheng is very curious about this person. This old goat can actually curse. From this point of view, he is better than King Xiaotian and Commander Lingkong. Much stronger.

The old goat glanced at Gu Yuanzheng, and then said in a deep voice: "I am Mr. Panshan." His words were very simple. He just said his name, but this name made Gu Yuanzheng slightly stunned. He now has The identity of the Yaksha clan has become even more confusing. What is the commander-in-chief, the king, and now there is a king? Why is this title so confusing? Is it like the nicknames in the world of cultivation, but these nicknames are too substandard, right?

However, Gu Yuanzheng was just stunned for a moment, then nodded, and then said: "Panshan Lord, you may not believe what I say next, but whether you believe it or not, what I say is true. The Yaksha Realm is just an inner space interface made by others. However, the person who made this inner space interface is dead, and this place has been polluted by the power of a special law of a special race. This race is the Shadow Clan. You have been polluted by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is invisible. To be honest, those black mist are their representatives, and you, the Yaksha Clan, are not Real Yaksha, you were the one who created this inner space. You made it just to test the disciples. But after that power died, you were polluted, so you have You Yaksha clan, haha, so you cannot be considered a race at all, you are just created by others."

"You fart!" King Xiaotian roared. He looked at Gu Yuanzheng and cursed: "You guys who ran out of nowhere are just to deal with our Yaksha clan. You have never treated us Yaksha clan. I've kept it. Just look at the way you act. You can eat our Yasha clan and then become like us. Just like that, you still have the nerve to say that we are contaminated? I see you guys It’s the guy who is the evil one.”

Gu Yuanzheng looked at King Xiaotian and smiled slightly: "None of us have said that we are good people. You know our name. We are called the Blood Killing Sect. Hahaha, listen to this name. Do you still think so?" Do you think we are good people?" After Gu Yuanzheng finished speaking, Shun Li laughed. He really didn't expect that Gu Yuanzheng would say this.

When King Xiaotian heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but become even more angry. He looked at Gu Yuanzheng and roared angrily, and was about to rush forward to take action, but he was held back by Lord Panshan. Lord Panshan looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said, He said coldly: "I have heard it from your words. You have never regarded our Yasha clan as human beings, and you will never live in peace with us. That's fine, then let's fight. You and I will live together." After saying that, he ignored Gu Yuanzheng and just waved his hand. The fat cow slowly backed away, but his eyes never left Gu Yuanzheng. Apparently he was afraid that Gu Yuanzheng would attack him. They took action, and if that was the case, they could respond in the shortest time.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at Lord Panshan and couldn't help laughing and said: " Lord Panshan, you don't have to be so careful. We won't attack you at this time. I, a member of the Blood Killing Sect, disdain to do such a thing The thing is, you are a smart person, the smartest person I have ever seen among the Yaksha clan, because you have talked about the essence, and what you said is right. You Yaksha clan are a clan in your hearts, but in our hearts , but not, so we will not be merciful to you, so let’s meet on the battlefield, hahahaha." After finishing speaking, Gu Yuanzheng waved his hand, and the undead beast retreated straight away, but he did not He was facing Mr. Panshan, but his back was to Mr. Panshan.

Lord Panshan looked at Gu Yuanzheng's back, but his eyes revealed a solemn expression. He didn't know whether what Gu Yuanzheng said was true. If what Gu Yuanzheng said was true, he was really the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. As a servant of the Blood Killing Sect, the Blood Killing Sect would be too terrifying. A servant of the leader of the Blood Killing Sect has such great magnanimity. It is conceivable how strong the Blood Killing Sect will be. It seems that they will meet this time. Yes, definitely not an ordinary enemy.

As soon as he thought of this, Lord Panshan said: "As soon as I go back, I will ask the God of Yaksha to issue a divine order to summon all of us Yaksha clan. We must unite to deal with this Blood Killing Sect, otherwise, we will It’s very troublesome, these people from the Blood Killing Sect are definitely not easy to deal with, they are very strong, we have to be careful, otherwise, our Yaksha clan will really be doomed.”

Upon hearing what Lord Panshan said, King Xiaotian couldn't help but be startled, and then he immediately said: "Your Majesty, do you really want to use the divine order? That is a big deal." Xiaotian was very clear about this divine order. What is it? This divine order is something passed down from generation to generation by the Yasha clan. It is just an order, but the person who issued this order is the Yasha God.

The Yaksha tribe has always respected the Yaksha god, and the Yaksha god usually doesn't care about things. But when the Yaksha tribe has a life-or-death matter, they can use the divine order. But if you want to use the divine order, Your status must also be sufficient. Like King Xiaotian, he is not qualified to ask for divine orders. Only people with status like Panshan Lord can ask for divine orders.

In the Yasha clan, the division of levels is also very clear, including general, commander, king, monarch, emperor, and saint. These levels refer not only to your strength, but to your power. Your strength is strong, but if you don't have power, you can't have these titles. If you have enough power, you can still get these titles even if your strength is not enough.

General, here in the Yaksha Realm, is the lowest form of title, and people of this status generally only have one city. This city refers to a city on the ground, not a floating island, nor a floating island. That is to say, as long as you have a city, you can call yourself a certain general. And here, when you call yourself a general, it does not mean that you have to surrender to someone. On the contrary, after you call yourself a general, you can Once you become independent, you can manage your own territory. No one can control you. If you want, you can surrender to others. If you don't, if others want to make you surrender, they can only use force. I just need to beat you into submission.

To be handsome, you must at least have an island and a city, just like Marshal Lingkong. He had an island and a city at that time, so he could call himself Marshal Lingkong, but this is only the lowest among handsome men. This is different from what will be In the same way, if you have one city, you can call it a general. If you have five cities, you can still only call it a general. If you have ten cities, but you don’t have a floating island, then you can also call you a general, but you can only Call yourself the Commander of the Earth, and if Commander Lingkong has one island and one city, he can be called the Commander, because he has met the minimum standard of being the Commander. If you have two islands and five cities, then you can be the king, just like Xiao Xiao Like King Tian, ​​he has two islands, and he also has five cities, but the Blood Killing Sect has not yet encountered other cities controlled by him.

But Jun Na is different. You must have at least five floating islands and manage at least ten cities before you can be called a king. Panshan Jun has six islands and thirteen cities. , so he can claim the title of king, and he also has the ability to ask for divine orders, but the six islands under his control are all in other places, so when King Xiaotian comes to join him, the floating islands that he can use are also Only these two, plus King Xiaotian's remaining island and Commander Lingkong's island, came to meet the enemy.

As for the emperor, you must own ten islands and manage at least thirty cities before you can be called the emperor. Generally, such people are high-ranking figures in the Yaksha Realm, like Panshan Even the emperors would not dare to provoke such people. In fact, Lord Panshan and the others might even give these emperors some gifts to express their submission, otherwise the emperors might come to attack them.

As for saints, that’s even more serious. You have to manage at least thirty islands and at least one hundred cities. In fact, there are no saints in the Yaksha Realm now. In the past, There is a saint here in the Yaksha Realm, named Monkey King. However, because this saint wanted to unify the Yaksha Realm, he aroused the dissatisfaction of all the emperors, kings, commanders, and generals in the Yaksha Realm. They all sent troops together and united. He rose up to attack him, and finally defeated the saint. The saint died. From then on, there will be no saints in the Yaksha world. The only one with the strongest strength now is the emperor.

As for a person like Panshan Jun, his strength is not the strongest among the kings, but the Yasha God has given him a power, that is, he can ask for a divine order, and with this divine order, he can ask Yaksha to When the gods come, the Yasha God will decide whether it is necessary to send out the commands, and he only has one chance in his life. Unless his power reaches the level of the emperor, he can send out the commands. Otherwise, he can only send out this command in his life. Regardless of whether it succeeds or not, he can only issue this divine order.

And now Lord Panshan wants to ask for a divine order, which makes King Xiaotian not surprised. You must know that after he asked for a divine order this time, he will not have the chance to ask for a divine order now. If it passes, then Fortunately, if he failed, he would have wasted this opportunity.

Lord Panshan looked at the blood-killing sect's army in the distance and said in a deep voice: "We must attack. This blood-killing sect is coming fiercely and is extremely powerful. They want to destroy our entire Yaksha clan. At this time, if we still If we don't ask for a divine order, then we probably won't have the chance to ask for a divine order, so we must ask for a divine order. Someone comes and sends an order to other floating islands. They must rush here in the shortest possible time. , send the order, the teleportation array in the city is fully activated, and the troops will be concentrated here immediately. We must block the Blood Killing Sect here and buy us enough time so that our Yasha clan can have enough time to prepare. ." Panshanqun had realized the horror of the Blood Killing Sect, so he made arrangements as soon as possible.