c7219 proposal

The battle is over. The first thing to end is the battle on the ground. After the city is captured, the battle on the ground ends quickly. There are not many people of the Yaksha clan in the city, not as many as the flying Yaksha fighting in the sky. So the battle ended quickly. But the battle in the sky ended much slower. Those Yashas were all fighting desperately. Faced with their desperate efforts, the people of the Blood Killing Sect could only eliminate them bit by bit, and finally they were enough. It took two days to eliminate them all.

After the war ended, the Blood Killing Sect unexpectedly obtained several Fat Ox Magical Artifacts. These Fat Oxen Magical Artifacts were directly sent to the Shenji Hall for the people of the Shenji Hall to study. At the same time, they also collected all the Yaksha teeth. These Yaksha teeth were sent directly to Shenji Hall and were not kept for the alien family.

The alien clan no longer needs the Yaksha teeth, because the Yaksha teeth are of no use to them anymore. The ones that appear in the alien clan are directly the alien Yaksha teeth, and there is no need for the Yaksha teeth, so these newly obtained Yaksha teeth , all were sent to Shenji Hall.

What puzzled Wen Wenhai and the others was that they did not meet the Dixing Yaksha here. This surprised them. Isn't the Dixing Yaksha an important branch of the Yaksha tribe? Why can't I meet the Earthly Yaksha here? what 's wrong? Although they were a little puzzled, they did not delve into it. In any case, they had already won this battle.

The Blood Killing Sect's base also advanced here. They took a break and Wen Wenhai called everyone to the main hall to prepare for a while. After everyone arrived in the hall, Wen Wenhai said: "We fought very well in this battle and defeated the Yasha clan once. But it is a pity that the Panshan Lord ran away. Count him. Run fast, otherwise we will definitely take care of them."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Do you have anything to say about this battle? Tell it and listen." Wen Wenhai was actually very satisfied with this battle, but he still wanted to Ask and see what else everyone has to say about this battle and summarize it well.

As soon as he finished speaking, Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said: "Everyone, there is one thing I want to tell you. The Yasha clan has a curse in their bodies. This curse is very strange and can be controlled. And controllable The method is very simple. Once it is given up or ordered to stop, this curse will be activated, and this activated curse has no other use. It has only one use, and that is to make a person Becoming irrational, not afraid of life and death, and just wanting to fight for your life is a very terrible curse, and this curse can be spread through the teeth of the Yasha, and may even be hereditary. Now the Alien Yasha , there is this curse all over the body, we have reported this matter to the young master, and also notified the Shenji Hall, I hope everyone will be more careful in the future."

When they heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, everyone was stunned. Wen Wenhai's expression changed even more. He looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Old Gu, are you telling the truth? That Yaksha actually has this kind of thing on his body?" Curse? Will everyone who comes into contact with Yaksha teeth be cursed by this kind of curse? If that is the case, then aren’t all of our disciples who collect Yaksha teeth have been cursed by this kind of curse?”

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "No, if you come into contact with the Yaksha teeth, you should not be affected by this kind of curse. But like the alien clan, if you absorb the Yaksha teeth, you should be affected by this kind of curse. But we have also tested it before. , this kind of curse can be restrained by us, so you don’t have to worry too much. I just want to tell you that if you suddenly find that you are cursed and the curse alarm goes off, don’t be too surprised."

Hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "After the meeting, we must inform all the disciples about this matter and let all the disciples know. You have to pay more attention, they are using Yasha teeth to study something now, so you have to be careful."

Everyone nodded. They were not too worried about what happened at Shenji Hall. This is what the people at Shenji Hall did. Of course, nothing would happen to them, so there was no need to worry too much. Remind them that nothing will happen to them. However, this incident also reminded everyone that the Yaksha clan can use curses. They must be careful, otherwise the consequences will be very serious. This time it is this kind of curse. If the Yaksha clan uses it next time In addition, there is a large-scale curse, and if they can't deal with it, it will be dangerous.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Curse is not a trivial matter at any time. We must pay attention to it. I don't think we need to worry about the curse in the alien clan. The leader is here, so this matter The matter should be easily solved, and the curse has now been taken over by Shenjitang. We just need to be more careful. I really didn’t expect that the enemy retreated so simply this time."

Everyone also nodded. Just like Wen Wenhai said, the curse should be taken seriously at all times, but there was no need for them to put all their thoughts on the curse. Curse, with Zhao Hai here, they have nothing to worry about, and those Yasha teeth have all been taken over by Shenji Hall, so they have nothing to worry about.

As for whether they will encounter curse attacks in the future, that is not something they can decide now. After all, what method the enemy uses to deal with them is beyond their control. Even if they encounter it, there is nothing good about it. Worried, don't say that the curse has no effect on them now. Even if it does have an effect, can they stop attacking the enemy because of the curse? Obviously that is impossible, so they should focus on the war in front of them now.

Gu Yuanzheng once stood up and said: "I didn't expect that the enemy retreated so quickly this time. That Panshan Lord is not weak, and he can also curse. The reason why we used the Stone Giant Ox before The aliens were all moved to the ground because they were worried that the giant stone bull aliens would be cursed by the enemy. The situation of the giant stone bull aliens is different from ours. They have no way to deal with the curse. If they are cursed, it will be even worse. Because of the trouble, we did not let the giant stone bull aliens join the battle, but let them go to the ground to attack the city, so it is certain that when we deal with the Yasha clan in the future, we will definitely encounter curse attacks."

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng continued: "Although we still don't know what the levels of the Yasha clan are, we can tell from the enemies we encountered. The clan is getting stronger and stronger. First we met Commander Lingkong, then King Xiaotian, and then Lord Panshan. The status of Lord Panshan was obviously higher than King Xiaotian. The higher we are, the more powerful we meet, the more dangerous we are. Don’t forget, what we are facing now is not the attack of the entire Yaksha world. What we are facing now is just a small group of people. Some people in the Yaksha world, but I think we will soon face the entire Yaksha world, so we must be more careful, because people with strong strength have more appeal than those with stronger strength. It’s too strong.”

Everyone listened quietly to Gu Yuanzheng's words. Gu Yuanzheng was the frontline commander, and his feelings were the most real, so Da Ai paid great attention to his opinions. Wen Wenhai naturally attached great importance to Gu Yuanzheng's words. After listening to Gu Yuanzheng's words, he thought about it and said in a deep voice: "From this point of view, we must make full preparations for war. Now we The Blood Killing Sect's attack method is to attack on one side and defend on the other sides. The other hundreds of us have never been attacked before. If the Yasha clan wants to deal with us with all their strength, then the other hundreds of us will , we are about to face an attack from the Yasha clan, everyone must pay attention to this."

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai was right. It was Gu Yuanzheng who were attacking before. Although the other sides were said to be defending, they had never been attacked, so they did not have any enemies there. , but if they want to start a full-scale war with the Yasha clan, then the Yasha clan may attack other places, attack the enemy's lair, let the enemy return reinforcements, or directly destroy the enemy's lair and attack the enemy. This is the most commonly used method in military operations, so Wen Wenhai's concern is absolutely necessary.

Chang Jun suddenly spoke at this time: "Now the development of our base is somewhat unbalanced. We have proposed a method of attacking on one side and defending on several other sides. It seems that there is no problem, but in fact there is a problem. Our The current shape of the base looks like a rectangle. This will be very unfavorable for the layout of the magic circle and will make the energy of the magic circle very uneven. So I think it is time for us to attack the Yasha clan from other aspects. Let’s rebalance the shape of our base. We can still use one side to attack and the other hundreds to defend, and move forward side by side, so there won’t be any problems.”

Having said this, Chang Jun paused for a moment, and then said: "Previously, the sect master let the Necrons and Aliens be the main attackers in order to let them participate in more battles, but I think we should also let the Necrons and Alien This is the best way to train our troops together with our ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This is the best way to train our troops. No one knows what kind of enemies we will encounter in the future, but one thing can be said. For sure, we cannot always let the Necromancer clan act alone in the future. We, the disciples of the various races of the Blood Killing Sect, will cooperate with each other and act together. If we just let the Necromancer clan face the enemy alone, If we need to jointly act in the future, there may be problems, so I think we should break up the disciples of various races now and train and act in a unified way."