c7212 upgrade

Wen Wenhai and the others returned to the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect. After everyone sat down, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "The Sky-Swallowing Net is ready for use. When we face the enemy's city shield in the future, We don’t have to worry about anything anymore. It’s not just the city’s shields, but also the shields on their floating islands. We don’t have to worry about anything anymore. Now it’s time for us to attack.”

Everyone nodded. They had completely digested the newly occupied territory, and now they could indeed attack at Yi Leng Drink. They had wanted to attack for a long time, and now they could just do it. But at this moment, Li Ji said: "I hope everyone can delay the attack."

When Li Ji said this, she couldn't help but be stunned. She didn't know why she said that. Li Ji glanced at everyone, and then said: "The main reason why we want everyone to delay the attack is because, we We want to improve the magic circle in the base. As you have seen before, our shield is really not as good as the enemy's shield in terms of defense. This time we want to improve the protection of our base. The shield should be improved to the one we have seen before, the fish scale armor shield, and the magic circle in our base should also be reformed. We are also preparing to use a spherical magic circle. It will no longer be like what we have now. We can only use magic circles to cover the entire base, which is a waste of time and stuff."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Li Ji said, they all agreed. Wen Wenhai immediately said in a deep voice: "What Mrs. Li Ji said is very reasonable. It is indeed necessary to improve the base's defense strength. But Madam, We still want to attack. How long will this improvement take? If the real time is too long, the enemy may complete the assembly. By then, it will not be us attacking the enemy, but the enemy attacking us, and then we will lose the first move. "

Li Ji thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "Let's do this, give us ten days. In ten days, the magic circle in the base will be improved and completed, guaranteed to be stronger than before, and it only takes ten days. After ten days, you can attack, okay?" Li Ji had calculated that it would only take ten days to improve the magic circle in the entire base, which is still a long term. After all, after knowing the refining method of the spherical array, it is very easy to make the spherical array, so ten days are enough.

Wen Wenhai was relieved when he heard Li Ji said that it would only take ten days. Then he nodded and said: "Ten days is no problem. It just so happens that we also need to prepare for a while and study at the same time. How to use and swallow the sky net, and it would be better if we can make more sky-swallowing nets, because in the future, we may face multiple enemies at the same time."

Li Ji smiled slightly and said: "No problem, just rest assured. After ten days, I promise to put a few of my Sky-Swallowing Nets in front of you. I will leave first and go to Shenji Hall to make arrangements immediately. Ten days are very tight to improve all the magic circles in the base." After saying that, she stood up and turned around to leave.

Wen Wenhai watched Li Ji leave. He didn't say anything. Instead, he turned to the others and said, "We will wait for ten days. After all, this is a major event that affects us fundamentally. Everyone should prepare for it. We will wait for ten days." Heaven's time, Cang Ming, Shu Li, I have worked hard for you in these ten days. Although we will not attack during these ten days, we must not let the enemy attack us, is there no problem?"

Shu Li and Cang Ming both nodded in agreement. Wen Wenhai waved his hand and asked everyone to leave, and then everyone left. After everyone left, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath, turned to Chang Jun who was standing aside and smiled and said: "Now that we have these things, I think there should be no problem if we take down the Yasha clan. Now, the only thing I am still worried about is the masters of the Yasha clan, what do you think?"

Chang Jun also had a smile on his face. Hearing what Wen Wenhai said, he also agreed: "Yes, the Yaksha clan must have masters. This is for sure, and what we have to guard against now is the Yaksha clan. For those masters, we must make corresponding arrangements."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I think it is appropriate to let some elders stop managing things and only focus on training. Ding Chunming and the people in their special training class should also let them have more Give me some time to practice, what do you think?" Now there are only two sources of masters of the Blood Killing Sect. One is the existing high-level elders of the Blood Killing Sect. These people are all good in strength, especially after they have learned the formation formation. After the formation, their practice can be said to be improving every day, which is very important. When their strength reaches their level, it is almost impossible to make progress every day, but the formation skills allow them to improve every day. In progress, this is very important.

The second place is the special disciple training class. There are many disciples from the sect who are very strong and have strong combat effectiveness. These disciples have some special abilities and are specially trained, and their strength is now very strong. Now that he is strong, there is absolutely no problem in going out to fight.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's ask for everyone's opinions and see what everyone thinks. If some people are willing to stop taking care of things and just concentrate on training, then let them concentrate on training. Anyway, Now that the sect is completely on the right track, there are actually not many things to take care of. Except during battles, there are not many things to do at other times, so they can rest."

Wen Wenhai shook his head, smiled bitterly and said: "No, if we really do this, everyone will go to practice, and no one will take care of things. After having the formation skills, everyone can practice The enthusiasm came up immediately. Don’t talk about others. Even me now prefers to practice. I don’t want to care about the things in the sect, let alone others. If we really say that , I can guarantee that those guys will put down what they are doing soon and run to rest, and they will exhaust both of us to death by then."

When Chang Jun heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing, and then nodded and said: "Okay, then select some people from among the careless elders in the sect and let them concentrate on training. If If they like to take charge of things, you can also let them take charge of things, and let the elders in charge step down and concentrate on practicing, what do you think?"

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do this. We should really feel extremely lucky that the sect has prepared such rich conditions for us, so that no matter what we do, it seems to be useful. Only with unfinished things and talents can we manage the Blood Killing Sect well."

Chang Jun nodded, then he sighed and said: "Looking back at the beginning, when the sect master rescued us and took us to rebuild the Blood Killing Sect, we actually didn't have much confidence, but we were very confident. We know clearly that if we don’t follow the sect leader, there will be no way to survive, so we follow the sect leader wholeheartedly and watch the Blood Killing Sect grow step by step until now. Now our Blood Killing Sect can travel across two realms and face any challenge. When we faced strong enemies, we never worried that we would lose. This was all because of the sect leader. It was the sect leader who made the Blood Killing Sect what it is today, and it was the sect leader who gave us everything."

Wen Wenhai looked at Chang Jun, smiled slightly and said: "I have been following the boss longer than you. The boss led us in the same way, step by step from a young age to a big one. To be honest, I really didn't Thinking that we will have such a day, especially some people who have passed through the sea, they never thought that they would ascend one day, but they have already ascended now, and they have ascended two levels. This makes us How can these people not feel sad? Forget it, let’s not talk about this. Let’s go talk to those elders about this matter. Now we must cultivate some masters as soon as possible, otherwise our sect will not be able to do it in the future. It would also be very troublesome if a certain number of experts are in charge.”

Chang Jun responded, and then turned around and left. The two of them have been very close friends for a long time. Of course, there was no need to be polite, so he just left without saluting. No need to say hello, he also knew that there was no need at all. Wen Wenhai was not angry and went to do his own business.

In the following ten days, the Shenji Hall was fully activated. Except for some disciples who were left to make the Sky-Swallowing Net, the other disciples all participated in the improvement of the base's magic circle and wanted to improve it. The first step to improve the base's magic circle is to create a core. This core is very important. Originally, it would be most suitable for Xuanwu Island to be the core, but that may affect Xuanwu Island's actions, after all, Xuanwu Island will have to go to the next interface in the future. They can still do it on this interface. No matter where Xuanwu Island goes, it is the core and will not have any impact on the base. , but once you get to Xuanwu Island and get to the next interface, it may be difficult to do this.

It is precisely because of this that they have to make a core first, but fortunately, the soul refining method they came up with before was very good. They can make a more powerful core, and then Use the soul refining method to refine a shadow soul inside, and let this shadow soul control the core. Through this core, it controls the magic circle in the entire base. In this way, the shadow soul is like a central processor. No more good.

Moreover, this ghost actually only plays a commanding role. The people who really control this base are people. The base must be under the control of Wen Wenhai and the others. Therefore, after the core is completed, it must be communicated with Wen Wenhai and the others. It is connected to the optical brain and will be directed by Wen Wenhai and the others. Then the workload of the central processor will be greatly reduced. A ghost can completely handle these things, but there is one thing, that is This core must be stronger, otherwise there will be no way to deal with this.