c7213 attack

In the end, they actually made such a core after hearing the name. This core is a huge metal ball with a diameter of about 100 meters. In this metal ball, there are more than a thousand magic circles, and in these magic circles A large part of them are yin and yang thunder pools, which are designed to provide him with energy.

In the center of this metal ball, there is a ghost, but this ghost is a ghost without a soul. He can only direct the operation of the magic circle mechanically, and cannot think for himself, just like a real central processor. The same thing, not a human head.

In addition to this core metal ball, all the magic arrays on the ground in the base have also been put away and replaced with spherical magic arrays. The diameter of these spherical magic arrays is only about half a meter, and they don’t look very big. It is large, but the area of ​​influence of each metal ball reaches an astonishing ten square kilometers. It can be said that this spherical array is much stronger than the spherical array of the Yasha clan.

Making such a spherical magic circle is really not difficult for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. They can do it easily, so the production of this spherical magic circle was completed quickly. After producing a sufficient number of spherical arrays, they began to improve the entire base.

First, the spherical core was placed, and then the spherical array. Now the area occupied by the Blood Killing Sect is only about 5,000 square kilometers, and only 500 spherical arrays need to be placed, so this time the improvements are carried out It went very smoothly. After the spherical array was produced, they completed all the improvements in just one day and replaced the old array with the new array.

After the new spherical array was installed, they removed all the old arrays so that the Blood Killing Sect's mountain defense array could be seamlessly connected. The entire process took as long as It was only six days, and the ten days Li Ji mentioned were only a little more than half over.

Wen Wenhai and the others were very surprised that Shenji Hall could complete the upgrade of the base's array so quickly, because after the base's upgrade was completed, all those spherical arrays disappeared. No one saw these spherical arrays. Somewhere, their mountain-protecting formation also changed.

After learning about the mountain-protecting formation, Wen Wenhai realized that their mountain-protecting formation was now amazing. This mountain-protecting formation brought together the Five Elements Killing Formation, the Shielding Formation and the Fantasy Killing Formation. With all the advantages in one, if the enemy collides with them this time, their mountain-protecting formation will definitely teach the enemy a lesson they will never forget.

After the base upgrade was completed, Wen Wenhai led everyone to the main hall. He glanced at everyone, and then said: "This time the base array upgrade can be completed so quickly, which is beyond my expectation. But no matter what, the upgrade this time has been completed, and we are about to move on to the next step, attack."

Everyone became excited. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and then said: "There are a lot less people here today. I think everyone knows why. Our Blood Killing Sect now has no matter whether it is soft power or hard power. , are not weak. In terms of soft power, our magic circle research can be said to be unmatched by anyone. Our exercises can be said to be the best in the world of cultivation. Our supplies are the most sufficient. So in terms of our soft power, we are not afraid of anyone, not to mention our hard power. The combat effectiveness of our giant war beasts, Blood Killing Battle Castle, and our Blood Killing Sect disciples are all top-notch and can compete with anyone. Competition, but the number of the top experts of our Blood Killing Sect is very small. Now it seems that except for the sect leader, no one else can be called the top expert. This is for a sect It is very dangerous, so we have drawn out a lot of elders to concentrate on training, so that they will no longer care about the sect's affairs in the future. Everyone agrees on this, and there are many people, because Angry about not being picked.”

At this point, he paused, and all the elders in the hall chuckled. Many of the people who chuckled were angry because they were not drawn. Of course, they were just Talking about it, they are not really angry. Although they also want to concentrate on practicing and ignore worldly things, they also know very well that the Blood Killing Sect cannot be managed without someone. Once there is no one to manage it, , then the Blood Killing Sect would be in chaos. Once the Blood Killing Sect was in chaos, they would not be able to practice with peace of mind, so they were not really angry.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and chuckled: "Although we people are in charge of the affairs of the sect, everyone also knows that the skills we practice now are different from those before. It’s the same. We can say that we practice Kung Fu all the time. In addition, we don’t have many things to deal with. Speaking of which, our practice speed is not necessarily slower than theirs. We also have to practice hard. , if our training speed is faster than theirs, I don’t think they will have any shame, then we can laugh at them, hahahaha." When he said the last part, Wen Wenhai laughed. Got up, and everyone else laughed too.

Wen Wenhai looked at their expressions, and then said: "No more joking, let's talk about the next action. Shu Li and the others have already conducted reconnaissance. There are no enemies within three hundred miles, so we can We can move forward three hundred miles with confidence. Because our magic circle has been improved, as we move forward, our base shield can also move forward. This is good news for us, but The vanguard army is still the undead clan."

Gu Yuanzheng stood up, clasped his fists at Wen Wenhai, and sat down without saying anything. Wen Wenhai then said: "The army behind is following. Behind the undead army, there is still a bloody massacre." Battle Fort Brigade." Bai Yan stood up, bowed to Wen Wenhai, then sat down.

Wen Wenhai continued: "Behind us is our 100 million-person Rubik's Cube formation, and we must keep up. As long as we don't make any mistakes, there will be no problems. Okay, everyone, prepare yourself, and we can take action. "Everyone responded, then turned around and left.

They are all people who have experienced hundreds of battles and know very well what they should do. Wen Wenhai does not need to say anything at all. Although in the Blood Killing Sect, except for Zhao Hai and Laura, Wen Wenhai and the others The headquarters composed of people is the highest authority department, but other armies are actually relatively independent. Wen Wenhai can command them, but it can only be general command. It is impossible to command what each team of the other party must do. Because the commanders of each team have their own set of methods of action, if they mess up, the consequences may be very serious.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai can just make arrangements directly. In fact, he will not ask too much about how Gu Yuanzheng and the others acted. Anyway, the staff department has already made an action plan, and this action The plan has also been handed over to Gu Yuanzheng and the others, and I believe they will not mess around.

When Gu Yuanzheng returned to the inner space of the undead beast, he directly called Bai Yan and Yama to his inner room, and then sent people to invite Shu Li and Cang Ming. They all If you are not selected, you can concentrate on training and don't have to worry about the sect's affairs, so now everyone is still taking care of the original affairs.

After Gu Yuanzheng and others arrived, he smiled and said to them: "Everyone, it's us who take the initiative this time. I believe everyone is mentally prepared. I won't say more. We are still using the old method. The alien Yaksha scouts from the front, and we advance from behind. The Necromancer and Stone Giant Alien are in the front, and I lead the army in the middle. Finally, the 100-million-person Necromancer Cube formation is in the back, and at the end of the Blood Killing Battle Castle, the underground is handed over to the Zerg. Yasha cooperates with the Blood Killing Battle Fort and is also responsible for installing the spherical magic circle to expand our base. I think everyone knows how to cooperate, right?"

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng then continued: "Okay, let's take action. I have created a new public channel to make it easier for us to communicate. Everyone, please go in. If there is any news in the future, we will contact you as soon as possible.”

Everyone nodded and left immediately. The reason why Gu Yuanzheng called everyone together this time was just to talk about how they must cooperate better with each other. As for the specific command In terms of aspects, there is no need to say more, you will naturally know what to do when you get to the battlefield.

After all the people left, the Blood Killing Sect's army immediately took action. First, the alien Yaksha flew out of the base and began to conduct reconnaissance. Then, the undead giant beast and the giant stone bull alien army followed, and then the death... The spirit army followed, followed by the 100-million-person Necromantic Magic Formation, ready to summon energy beasts at any time to support the army in front, and finally the bloody battle fortress.

Shun Li stood with Gu Yuanzheng at this time, because those who went out for reconnaissance were all alien yakshas. Only he could communicate with those alien yakshas. He would also know at the first time what information those alien yakshas got. As long as Shun Li stays by Gu Yuanzheng's side, he can tell Gu Yuanzheng the situation as soon as possible.

The group of people walked forward for about a hundred miles and suddenly said: "Something has happened. About a thousand miles ahead, we found a big city of the Yasha clan. This big city is about the same size as the big city we encountered before, but it is different. What's strange is that there are floating islands above this big city, and there are four floating islands. On two of them, you can see traces of battles. They may be the two who fought with our Blood Killing Sect. A floating island.”

Upon hearing what Shu Li said, Gu Yuanzheng's eyes couldn't help but light up, and he said in a deep voice: "Okay, I was looking for them, but they have already appeared. It just so happens that they will never be able to escape this time. We must Kill them. Although these Yaksha clan have good fighting ability, they are better at escaping. We cannot let them escape this time.