c7225 Exit

"Hahahaha, you fought beautifully. You fought this battle really beautifully. You actually bulldozed two cities to pieces. And despite the enemy's preparations, your casualties were still very high. There are so few, this is really surprising." Wen Wenhai looked at Gu Yuanzheng and the others with laughter.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at Wen Wenhai and just smiled slightly. He turned to look at the other people in the hall. Everyone looked at them with smiles on their faces. Then he said: "This is all the result of everyone's hard work. Speaking of which, I really want to thank the people in the staff department. The battle plan they formulated was really too detailed and they thought of every situation, so we were able to proceed so smoothly."

What they are holding now is a celebration party. This time, the battle they carried out was really beautiful. Although the Yasha clan thought of many ways to deal with them, they still failed in the end and were killed one by one by them. After cracking it, the two cities were flattened. The most important thing is that they didn't suffer any losses. This is really good.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Don't say that. What you did is really good and beautiful. I will record your achievements for you. But in addition to celebrating our achievements, we also need to summarize the achievements in this attack." Let’s talk about some issues, Lao Gu, you should talk about them first, after all, you are the commander-in-chief of the front line.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded. He was not polite and said directly: "In this battle, we did find some problems. One of them is that I found that our Shadow Clan's talisman seems to be of no use now. At first, the Sky-Swallowing Network wanted to use the Shadow Clan talisman to attack directly, but later it was discovered that the Shadow Clan talisman could not absorb energy at all, and the Sky-Swallowing Network could not operate at all. In the end, There is no other way but to open the wheel of law in the Sky-Swallowing Net, and directly transfer energy from our power of law, so that the Sky-Swallowing Net can be used. I think this is a big problem. "

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded, and finally everyone's eyes turned to Li Ji. Li Ji nodded and said: "This problem has been discovered by the Shenji Hall for a long time. Starting from the Snake Realm, the Shadow Clan The array talisman can absorb less and less energy. I had already discovered this problem at that time, but I didn't take it too seriously. After I got here, I found that the Shadow Clan's array talisman was almost useless. , we are also surprised, so we are now trying to find a way to solve this matter."

Wen Wenhai nodded and didn't say anything. He knew very well that when Li Ji said she was working hard to find a solution to this matter, she was really trying to find a solution. There was no need for him to ask more, so he just clicked He nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Do you have any other questions?"

Cang Ming stood up at this time and said in a deep voice: "I have a problem. We were underground and encountered a shield arranged by Dixing Yaksha. If it weren't for the disciples who use the magic insects to help us, I'm afraid we would need It takes a long time to break the shield, which has a great impact on the battle situation. Moreover, I have asked, and those disciples who use magic bugs said that their magic bugs are no longer easy to control. If they are in If you use it a few times, you may lose control, so it’s best to give them time to refine the magic bug again, but this time will be very long and it will be a big problem. If What should we do when we encounter each other's shield underground in the future? This is a problem that must be solved."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and just as he was about to speak, he heard Li Ji's voice: "I'm talking about this matter." After saying that, she stood up. When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he quickly motioned to her to say Go down, Li Ji's identity is there. He has something to say, and it must be something big. Wen Wenhai doesn't dare to interrupt.

Li Ji glanced at everyone and said with a smile: "We separated the plant masters from the Shenji Hall before and formed the Ling Zhi Hall. During this period, they have not relaxed and have been studying various spiritual beings. Plant, finally let us refine a new spiritual plant. This spiritual plant is called Cuscuta. This spiritual plant is a very special spiritual plant. It can absorb energy and absorb it very quickly. Very fast. After absorbing the energy, they will grow crazily. Once the energy in a place is absorbed, they will die and turn into some seeds. I think this kind of plant is very suitable for use. To deal with the opponent’s shields.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what Li Ji said, he was stunned at first, and then he immediately understood what Li Ji said, and he immediately said in a deep voice: "Mrs. Li Ji, what you mean is that in the future, when you meet the Yaksha clan underground, Shield, are you going to use this kind of dodder to deal with them? Besides absorbing energy, what else does this plant do?"

Li Ji said in a deep voice: "Looking at it now, the only function is to absorb energy, but this kind of plant is now very mature. After absorbing the energy of a place, they will grow crazily. The seeds can be used again, and the effect is the same, but the energy they absorb is quite special. Now this kind of plant can only absorb some energy from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, like the protection used by the enemy. If the hood, or even those Yakshas, ​​are touched by a race of this plant, their energy will be sucked away directly. If they are Yakshas, ​​they may be sucked to death directly."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Li Ji said, they all took a breath. This ability is already very terrifying. It can be said that this is the best way to deal with the energy of the Shadow Clan, and it absorbs all the energy. Then he will die, and there won't be any bad effects. This is really great.

Li Ji looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said: "Although they absorb energy very quickly, they are actually very fragile. Whether it is physical attacks or magical attacks, they can all be hurt. , if the enemy is really outside the shield and launches any fire attack, then it will be of no use. We are still thinking of ways to improve it, but if it is used suddenly, it will definitely have unexpected effects. As for When it comes to improvements, it’s very simple. If you give us some time, there should be no problems.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, then please pay more attention to this matter, Mrs. Liji, because this matter is very important to us, and we still hope to use this plant to deal with it." As for the enemy, please ask Mrs. Li Ji to refine some more of these dodder seeds for us after she returns, so that we may use them the next time we fight against the enemy."

Li Ji nodded and said nothing. Wen Wenhai then said, "Are there any other questions? If not, then let's adjourn the meeting. Everyone goes back to deal with the matters at hand, and then let the disciples, Take a good rest and prepare for the next attack. Shu Li, you still have to work hard, and the reconnaissance must not stop."

Shu Li responded, and no one else said anything. Wen Wenhai then said: "Okay, as long as everyone has no objections, when we go back, we should all tell our disciples when we fight against the Shadow Clan people in the future. , we must first arrange a wheel of law in our own armor. Now that we have this ability, we must use it. Don’t wait until the power of the law of the Shadow Clan affects us. If we think of using it, then maybe It’s too late.”

Everyone agreed, Wen Wenhai announced that the meeting was over, and then everyone left. Li Ji went directly to Lingzhi Hall and asked the people there to make more dodder seeds to prepare for the next generation. It was used once when dealing with the Yaksha clan, and at the same time, those disciples who were good at using magic bugs were sent to the Spiritual Beast Hall, so that they could learn how to control those magic bugs in the shortest possible time.

After arranging these, Li Ji returned to the space. As soon as she arrived in the space, she saw Zhao Hai sitting in the villa, talking and laughing with Laura and the others. When he saw Li Ji back, Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Not bad, Li Ji, you are really a bit like a powerful elder now, hahahaha."

Li Ji smiled and said: "They are giving you face. I am your wife. They dare not give you face, so in front of me, they are all honest. Brother Hai, when did you leave seclusion?" "?" When Li Ji went to have a meeting, Zhao Hai hadn't come out of seclusion yet. He didn't expect to come out of seclusion so soon, which surprised Li Ji.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I just came out of seclusion. By the way, this is for you. Laura and the others have already seen it, so you can take a look too." After saying that, he gave a jade slip to Li Ji, who accepted it in confusion. They came over and mentally searched the jade slip, only to discover that what was recorded in the jade slip was actually the formation skill they had created before, but this formation skill was an improved card.

After carefully looking at this formation, Li Ji couldn't help but be surprised. Zhao Hai had greatly improved this formation, adding a spherical array to it, and the magic that was originally in each acupoint was The formations were all changed into spherical formations. Even the heaven and earth runes and curse runes in the Dantian were made into spherical shapes, and these two balls were still in a large yin-yang fish. The position of the fish eyes of two Yin and Yang fishes.

Although there was only such a small change, the technique they learned suddenly became much more powerful. Whether it was storing energy or using energy, it was more powerful than before, and more energy was stored. , it is more convenient to run energy, which is already a great improvement. It is not easy to improve any kind of exercise, because this kind of exercise itself has gone through It has been improved countless times, and it is already very difficult to improve it.

Although the formation skills developed by Laura and the others were just a set of skills, this set of skills was only developed after countless years of accumulation. It was also improved by Zhao Hai and finally He just came up with this set of exercises. From Zhao Hai's point of view, it is naturally impossible to come up with a bad set of exercises. It is even more difficult to improve them, but now they have improved so much and made such great progress. ,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.