c7221 arrange

After just one glance, everyone didn't care, because the shield outside the city was really nothing special. If there was no Sky-Swallowing Net, they might have to spend some time, but in the case of the Sky-Swallowing Net, Well, this kind of shield is really not a problem, so everyone just took a look at it and stopped looking at it.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "Okay, let's talk about the next city. The size of this city is three times the size of the previous city. The length of the city wall is nearly three hundred miles, and the height is also Thirty feet away, it's the same. Ten miles outside the city, there are already forbidden air formations, and the shields are also five miles away from the city. The distance between the two cities is only about a hundred miles. Do you understand what I mean? ?”

As soon as Wen Wenhai said this, everyone understood what he meant. Wen Wenhai's meaning was very obvious. The two cities are only a hundred miles apart. If they attack one of them, the other city can come to support. In addition, there must be teleportation arrays in these two cities. They can support each other from inside the city, and they can also support each other from outside the city. This makes it more difficult for them to deal with these two cities.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Actually, this is not a problem. We can attack these two cities at the same time. The two cities are one behind the other, on a diagonal line. We can attack the two cities at the same time." , I think it can definitely be taken down with the Sky Swallowing Net."

Everyone also nodded. What Chang Jun said was exactly what they wanted to say. Although the two cities were half and one behind, they were on a diagonal line. They had enough troops to attack at the same time. These two cities are just fine, there is nothing to worry about at all.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "There is nothing to worry about in these two cities, but there is actually one thing that I am more worried about. That is, there are defensive formations below these two cities. This is what I am most worried about. Yes, I'm worried that there will be Earthly Yakshas underneath these two cities. If there are Earthly Yakshas underneath these two cities, it will be very difficult to deal with."

Having said this, Wen Wenhai paused for a moment, then he glanced at everyone, and then said: "Although there are Zerg Yakshas who can deal with those Earthly Yakshas, ​​the combat effectiveness of those Earthly Yakshas is actually very strong. If they If their forbidden air formation works, and combined with their earth-moving Yaksha, the lethality will not be small."

Gu Yuanzheng frowned and said: "If we can really break the shields of these two cities, then the magic circle on our Sky Swallowing Network will be activated, and then the magic circle in their city will be destroyed. If it is completely sealed, their air-forbidden magic circle should be useless, right? There seems to be nothing to worry about, right?"

Everyone else also nodded, and they also thought of this. The Sky Swallowing Net can not only break the formation, but also seal it. If it really seals the opponent's formation, will all the problems be solved? What else is there to worry about? Everyone looked at Wen Wenhai with some confusion.

Wen Wenhai looked at the crowd and said: "We must never forget that our real enemy is actually the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is the most terrifying. The Forbidden Sky Array is the magic of the Yaksha Clan. It was created by the formation, but our sealing formation may also be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. What will happen if our sealing formation doesn't work? Do you have any ideas?"

Everyone was stunned. They really had not thought about this problem, because in their opinion, their magic formation could not go wrong. They were still very confident in their sect's magic formation, so now Hearing what Wen Wenhai said, they were all stunned for a moment, because the condition proposed by Wen Wenhai was something they had never thought of.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "We can't think about this problem. Our opponent is the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is alive. He can do anything. Yes, if they really affect our Sky-Swallowing Network at once, let alone sealing the city, our Sky-Swallowing Network will not be easy even to break the shield."

Wen Wenhai said this, and everyone agreed, because the power of the law of the Shadow Clan has done this before, and even directly attacked the base of the Blood Killing Sect, so they really had to guard against this move, and their Devouring Skynet is very useful, but if the power of the Shadow Clan's laws wants to affect the Skynet, it can still be done with the cooperation of the magic circle in the city.

Chang Jun frowned and said in a deep voice: "This possibility is still very high. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws can really do anything. We have to guard against him. , Indeed, if we all take a look at our past experiences, we may know that when we fight the enemy on these interfaces, we usually do it under circumstances that are unfavorable to us. If we are strong, , in the end I really don’t know who lost and who won.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "So we still have to think carefully about this aspect. Is there anything you can do?" Wen Wenhai knew very well that if they attack the city, the forbidden air formation will be destroyed. Suddenly it is useful. They can't fly, and the earth-walking yaksha suddenly kills them from the ground. Then their situation is not good. The strength of those earth-walking yakshas is very good.

Gu Yuanzheng said: "You can attack from a distance. First, use the Sky-Swallowing Net to destroy the city. Then let the Skyfire of the Blood Killing Battle Castle conduct long-range attacks, and let the energy beasts also attack. We will continue to conduct long-range attacks." Attack, we are not in a hurry anyway, I still don’t believe it. In this case, those Yaksha can still withstand it. If they really can withstand it, then we have nothing to say. I will think about it then. If they can't withstand other methods, then there is an even better method. We can completely take down these two cities. Even if those earthly Yaksha can block the Zerg Yaksha for a period of time, they will not be able to stop them. We have stayed here too long, so the final victory will still be ours."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, his eyes lit up, and then he said: "Not only that, I also think that we can directly let the Blood Killing Fort attack. The Blood Killing Fort is not afraid of attacks from below, so it's OK Letting the cavalry attack is good, but when it comes to safety, the ancient method is the best. I think it can be like this, first use long-range weapons to attack, and then let the Blood Killing Battle Fort and the cavalry charge, and then With the addition of our giant beasts, I think there won’t be any problems.”

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "Let's do this. I will let the staff prepare a battle plan now. This time we don't have to pursue it. We have to let people of that race specialize in it. If there is an attack, let us, the Blood Killing Sect, attack as a whole, and with the strength of our Blood Killing Sect as a whole, we can come up with a battle plan. I think this shouldn’t be difficult.”

Everyone laughed. They knew very well how strong the Blood Killing Sect was. If all the troops of the Blood Killing Sect were used as a condition, there would be no problem in making a battle plan. When the time comes, The staff department is probably most worried about who to send to attack, because any team is capable of taking those cities.

Wen Wenhai turned to look at Li Ji, saluted Li Ji and said, "Madam, I wonder how the logistics are prepared? When can we attack?" Although they have never bothered with logistics matters. However, Wen Wenhai still asked because he felt it was very necessary.

Li Ji smiled and said: "Don't worry, we can attack at any time. There are no problems with logistics." Li Ji is really confident in this. Even if we fight like this for a hundred years, the logistics of the Blood Killing Sect will be difficult. There won't be any problems, especially after integrating the Shenji Hall with the logistics department, and after they reorganized it, the supplies in the Blood Slaughter Sect's logistics department are now piled up, and they are increasing every day. Li Ji and the others are now really ruthless. The Blood Killing Sect is fighting every day. Only in this way can they consume some of the supplies.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Li Ji said, he also nodded and said: "Okay, then everyone will go back and prepare. For the next battle, Lao Gu will still be the vanguard to command, but this time we can only use Tianzi No. 1 Team, I will give it to you at Team Tianzi No. 10, and you will command their Team 10, no problem, right?"

Gu Yuanzheng immediately stood up, saluted Wen Wenhai and said, "No problem, don't worry." Gu Yuanzheng knew very well what Wen Wenhai said about the strength of Tianzi No. 1 to Tianzi No. 10. , this Tianzi Team No. 1 to Tianzi Team No. 10 are ten ordinary teams in the Blood Killing Sect. These teams were only formed recently. They can be said to be a temporary formation situation. This is also the Blood Killing Sect. A characteristic of the sect.

In order for the disciples of each team to cooperate more skillfully, the Blood Killing Sect usually forms temporary teams. If you are in this team today, you may be in another team tomorrow. Therefore, these teams, They are all temporary establishments. When not fighting, those disciples have to return to their own branches.

The number of disciples in each team here is one million. In other words, even though they are only called ten teams, these ten teams are actually composed of 10 million people. This number is already quite a lot. Well, he would have no problem dealing with at least one city of the Yasha clan.

When Wen Wenhai saw that Gu Yuanzheng agreed, he continued: "Okay, the stone giant aliens, the undead beasts, and some giant monsters in our Blood Killing Sect, are all under the command of Lao Yan, Baiyan, You still command the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Tang Yingyi will command the 100-million-person Rubik's Cube Formation behind it. Jiang Shenglin, you will command the disciples who specialize in holding iron balls. They will wait for orders when the time comes. Chen Chu, you will command those disciples who are good at using poison. Disciples of Heshu Magic Insects, please remember that if they have not received an order, they must not take action at will, because whether it is those iron balls or the Magic Insects, they are very important to our Blood Killing Sect. When necessary, those things can be used as surprise troops, so if everything goes well in the war, you two should not take action to avoid being discovered by the enemy." The two of them agreed without saying anything.