c7223 attack

The power of living laws, such as the power of Shadow Clan Laws, can make self-adjustments, but some adjustments take time, and it takes a long time. After a law appears, he will have some original laws. , this original law is like the foundation of a law, and from the moment the original law was born, the formation talisman was born. The formation talisman is an external expression of the power of the law, because there are few The power of law is like the power of law of the Shadow Clan. It suppresses other forces so obviously, and it cannot communicate directly with people. Therefore, the power of law needs an external form of expression to let people know it. existence, and the formation talisman is his external expression. .

He can tell the monks the formation talisman by opening up the monk's spiritual intelligence, or tell the monks unconsciously, and even make the monks feel that these formation talismans were comprehended by themselves and were not told by anyone, and then in Let the monks understand his existence through these talismans, and thus have a sense of awe towards him. This is how the power of law operates. He wants to make the monks he manages more powerful, but at the same time, he also needs to make the monks Know his existence, fear them, and finally when the monk no longer fears them and has the strength to challenge them, they will kick the monk out. This is ascension.

The Shadow Clan talismans were an external manifestation of the power of law released when the original power of the Shadow Clan was generated. But later he discovered that his enemies had learned these talismans and could use these talismans. , borrowed power from him, and in turn used it to deal with him. This was something that the Shadow Clan's power of law could not tolerate, so he had to find a way to prevent the Blood Killing Clan's people from using the formation talisman to borrow his power.

But if you want to do this, you need to change his original laws. This is not an easy task, because it means that the people under his rule will not be able to borrow his power through these talismans. Yes, this is something that the Shadow Clan’s power of law does not want to see, so he needs a process.

It can be said that the power of law is like a room, and the formation talisman is the key that can enter the room. Originally, this key was only held by people with the permission of the owner of the house. People who hold this key can He entered the room, but one day, the owner of the house discovered that the key had been taken by his enemy. His enemy could enter the room at any time, steal his things, and then take these things. For him, this was not allowed by the owner of the room, so he wanted to change the lock.

But if he wants to change the lock, it means that other people with the room key will not be able to enter the room. And if the owner of this room wants other people to come in without letting his enemies in, he will The keys to the new lock must be distributed to those people, and this will take a certain amount of time to prepare.

This is what the power of the Shadow Clan's laws does. Fortunately, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here is completely inseparable from the power of the Shadow Clan's laws outside. So as long as he changes, the few things he controls now will The creatures in the interface only need to understand the formation symbols, and the time required for this will be very short.

Even so, it took a lot of time. It was not until the Blood Killing Sect attacked the Snake World that some results were seen. It would take a certain amount of time to completely change, and this also made the Blood Killing Sect aware of the problem. , so the people of the Blood Killing Sect have also made some changes, but they have not yet completely changed. To put it bluntly, the people of the Blood Killing Sect really don’t know how to make changes now, because they are now Unknown yet, the power of Shadow Clan's laws has changed the formation talisman.

However, it is not difficult for the Blood Killing Sect to change. Don't forget, when they obtained the spherical array before, they also got a lot of them. There were some different arrays from the Shadow Clan arrays they knew. Those formation talismans are exactly the Shadow Clan's formation talismans after the change, but they don't realize this yet.

However, the Blood Killing Sect has discovered that the Shadow Clan Formation Talisman they are currently using cannot better absorb energy from the power of the Shadow Clan Law. I believe they will find it out sooner or later, but before that, they must They have to be careful, because they know very well that they can't be careful. If they are not careful, the power of Shadow Clan's laws will definitely deal with them, which is not a good thing for them.

It is naturally impossible for the Ancient Expedition to know that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has undergone such changes. They just feel that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is now more dangerous than before, so they must be careful. Otherwise, it would be very troublesome, so when Gu Yuanzheng issued the order, he specifically issued it to prevent the power of the Shadow Clan's Law from helping the Yaksha Clan to hide their floating island, and then they would not know where the ghost is. He felt that it would be too dangerous to get close to their army and launch a sudden attack on them. If the power of the Shadow Clan's laws really made it to that extent.

The Yaksha clan itself has strong fighting power. With the help of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, the Yaksha clan can fight with the Blood Killing Sect. Even if the Blood Killing Sect wins in the end, the final result may not be the same. Great, it's certain that there will be heavy casualties. In order to prevent such a thing from happening, Gu Yuanzheng and the others are extremely careful.

Gu Yuanzheng directed the army all the way forward. Because the arrangements had been made, the army was not in a hurry. They now knew where the enemy's city was, and it was impossible for the enemy's city to run away, so naturally they did not There is no need to be anxious, just move forward slowly step by step.

More than two hours later, they finally arrived under the first big city. The ancient expedition stopped immediately. Then he commanded the army on the flanks and then moved forward to another city. This time they wanted to attack two cities at the same time. Cities, we must capture these two cities, otherwise, it will be very troublesome.

Because the two cities were not very far apart, in less than half an hour, the Blood Killing Sect’s army had already arrived at the foot of the other city. Although the other city was larger than the one the Ancient Expedition was facing now, Gu Yuanzheng is still based here in this city, and he is not very worried about the situation in that city.

Looking at the city, Gu Yuanzheng's face couldn't help but look a little solemn. Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "Operation, the two cities will attack at the same time. Pay attention to the other side's sneak attack. Cang Ming, you must pay attention there." After getting it, After Cang Ming's response, Gu Yuanzheng felt relieved.

This time when they attacked the city, they still used the Sky-Swallowing Net. This Sky-Swallowing Net now had no problem dealing with the Yasha clan’s shields on the city, because the Sky-Swallowing Net itself had members of the Blood Killing Sect. For the Wheel of Law, he borrowed the power of the Blood Killing Clan's law, so it was not affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's law.

Following Gu Yuanzheng's order, a huge Sky-Swallowing Net attacked those two cities. Although there were forbidden air formations outside the two cities, the Sky-Swallowing Net was They don't care about that. They can roll forward from the ground to the shield on the city, and then attack the shield on the city.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the main formation of the Sky Swallowing Network slowly rolling towards the city, and his face became more serious. He still doesn't know the name of this city. It's strange to say that these cities of the Yasha clan, There is no name of the city engraved on the city gate or anywhere, which makes people feel even more strange. This also makes Gu Yuanzheng and the others have no idea what the names of these cities of the Yasha clan are. , so I felt a very headache.

At this moment, the core metal ball of the Sky Swallowing Net suddenly jumped upwards, and then suddenly, it was caught by a huge metal ring. Then the metal ring directly hit the metal ball. The ball sank to the ground. This change made Gu Yuanzheng and the others stunned. Then Gu Yuanzheng reacted immediately, and he immediately said loudly: "Quick, there are earthly yakshas underground, and they want to rob Skynet."

Needless to say, the person who commanded the Sky-Swallowing Net already knew the enemy's intention. He saw a sudden white light flash on the iron ball, and the next moment the metal ring stopped there, motionless. Then I saw the iron ball shrinking suddenly, becoming smaller in a circle, and directly detached from the metal ring, and then rolled towards the city, but the speed was much faster, and it did not stop at the same time. changing position.

Upon seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng breathed a sigh of relief, and then murmured: "Sure enough, there are earthly yakshas underground. These guys are really annoying. They can have such strong strength. I really didn't expect them. Get ready, it’s best to destroy the city in one fell swoop, otherwise it may be very troublesome.”

The King of Hell nodded. Now all those giant beasts are under his command, so this time the main attack is actually him. After the shield on the city is broken, the giant beasts can attack directly. Only those giant beasts can attack directly. All the walls of the city were destroyed. Only when they rushed into the city was the city truly broken.

However, the King of Hell still spoke: "Old Gu, I think our army should fall to the ground. We are in the sky now. If the power of the Shadow Clan's laws suddenly gives us a forbidden sky, it will be enough for us. , if not done properly, it will cause great losses.”

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said in a deep voice: "There is no need for that. Send the order and open all the wheels of law for me. Wherever we go is the territory of our Blood Killing Sect. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, I think. It is not an easy task to break through the power of our Blood Killing Clan’s laws. The power of our Blood Killing Clan’s laws is much stronger than the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws here.”

The King of Hell thought for a while and felt that it made sense. He gave the order directly to each team. Then he stood there and looked down quietly. Now the core iron ball of the Sky-Swallowing Net has rolled to the city's protective wall. The shield is on. This shield is available five miles outside the city. Now the iron ball is rolling forward along the shield, and the speed is very fast. Even the iron ball has started to The small iron ball is released, it can be said that the Sky Swallowing Net has been activated.