c7228 Improvement of exercises

Zhao Hai sat in the space, in his room, with his eyes closed, quietly feeling the aura in his body and the power of his blood. Zhao Hai really admired Laura and the others for the formation they created. The skill is really very powerful, and it is the most suitable skill for Zhao Hai to use.

This kind of technique will not only make Zhao Hai more powerful, but also slowly stimulate the power of his blood without even realizing it. His blood power already has a trace of the blood of a giant, so it can A power that swallows other bloodlines and makes one's own bloodline stronger.

But this kind of blood, because it swallowed a large amount of blood before, but could not be completely digested, it was like a person who ate too much, but it was difficult to move, so Zhao Hai rarely used it before. They can use the power of their own bloodline. If they rely on the power of their bloodline to devour those high-level bloodlines bit by bit, it may take a long time. However, this kind of technique can make Zhao Hai faster. To absorb the power of those bloodlines, because this kind of formation skill can always release energy to stimulate Zhao Hai's bloodline, which will speed up the absorption and fusion of their bloodline.

Zhao Hai had previously replaced all the magic arrays in each acupuncture point in his body with spherical magic arrays. In terms of preparation, it was a spherical array, and it also had multiple array masters. The most important thing was that it was a spherical array. One of his formations is the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool, and the huge Yin-Yang Fish in his Dantian is actually another form of Yin-Yang Thunder Pool. These Yin-Yang Thunder Pools absorb the power from the outside world, and then store and use it. This not only can It can improve his own energy, stimulate his bloodline, and even nourish his energy array incarnation and his physical form. Even his external incarnation can be warmed and nourished.

And what is Zhao Hai's incarnation? Of course it's Xuanwu Island. Although Zhao Hai's external incarnation is Xuanwu Island, he actually still has an external incarnation on his body, and this external incarnation, like others, is on his forehead. It is also his magical weapon. This external incarnation is actually connected to Xuanwu Island. In other words, part of the power absorbed by Zhao Hai will enter Xuanwu Island to warm and nourish Xuanwu Island.

What the monks call nourishing is actually very simple. They use the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to slowly increase the material level of their magic weapons. Any materials between heaven and earth can all be upgraded, and these materials are all due to the laws of heaven and earth. It will exist only if it appears, and the spiritual energy of heaven and earth is a kind of power released by the laws of heaven and earth. This power can change many things. Absorbing this energy for a long time will make everything within the laws of heaven and earth change. Evolve, all become more powerful, there are some things that cannot be absorbed, and the speed of absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth is faster. Just like monks, they can come up with training techniques to speed up the speed of absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, making themselves become Stronger, some things are slower, like stones. They absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth very slowly, and may even need some external stimulation. It will take millions of years for them to evolve successfully.

But the magic weapon is different. After the magic weapon is refined by a monk, the monk will use his own spiritual power to refine it. Especially the natal magic weapon used by monks will become a part of the monk's body. In this way , the monk can naturally use the spiritual energy of heaven and earth he absorbs to warm up that kind of magic weapon, making that kind of magic weapon become more powerful.

However, Zhao Hai's external incarnation is somewhat special. His external incarnation can be said to be the Xuanwu Space, and there are many people in the Xuanwu Space. Moreover, the Xuanwu Space itself has countless energies, and there are countless Yin and Yang thunder pools that can be absorbed. Energy even has its own laws. In this case, the Xuanwu Space is actually extremely helpful to Zhao Hai, but it is very difficult for Zhao Hai to warm up the Xuanwu Space because he is too big .

And this time after the success of this technique, Zhao Hai came up with a method, which was to draw part of the power from the Xuanwu Space and completely connect it with his power. Then when he was practicing, Some of the power will enter the Xuanwu space, so that the Xuanwu space will be warmed and nourished, which is very rare.

Zhao Hai did indeed do this, but the effect was very good. Now every time he practices, a part of his power will pass into the Xuanwu space. Although this part of the power is very small, this part of the power can Become an introduction, arouse the power in the Xuanwu space, and nourish yourself.

What Zhao Hai has to do now is to turn all the energy arrays in his body into spherical arrays. This is his ultimate goal. He believes that the power of his bloodline needs more energy to stimulate. Only by turning all the energy array talismans in his body into a spherical array will the stimulation to his body be greater, his body become stronger, and their strength become stronger. His strength allows his bloodline to be fused as soon as possible.

Zhao Hai also knew that this was very difficult, because the formation technique had turned all the spiritual energy in his body into energy talismans. These energy formation talismans were equivalent to his spiritual energy, but they were compressed spiritual energy. And if he wants to turn these spiritual energy into a spherical magic circle, then there will be more things to do. Magic circle and magic talisman are two completely different concepts. There are at least dozens of magic circles in one magic circle. It is composed of talismans, and the combination of these dozens of talismans is not as simple as one plus one equals two, but it must be achieved that one plus one equals five, or even ten, then it is considered a successful magic circle.

In other words, a magic circle composed of dozens of talismans does not mean that the power of this magic circle is equal to the combined power of these dozens of talismans, but that the power of this magic circle will change. Only when the power of dozens of array talismans is reduced to hundreds, or even thousands of times, can it be considered a successful array.

And now the energy in Zhao Hai's body can only be used to increase the formation talisman. If those formation talismans are really turned into a spherical magic circle, it will be equivalent to increasing the power of those formation talismans by several times. Thousands, or even hundreds of thousands times, this is too scary, and what Zhao Hai wants to do is to turn all the formation symbols in his body into this spherical formation at the same time. The power required is Even more powerful.

Zhao Hai felt the power in his body, and he found that a lot of the power in his body was stored, but based on the energy he had stored, at most it could only use a very small part of the energy array talisman in his body. It is absolutely impossible to turn all the talismans into a spherical array.

If Zhao Hai forcibly turns all the talismans in his body into spherical talismans, the energy required will be too powerful. Not only will all the existing energy in his body be consumed, but a large amount of it will also be consumed. It’s really hard to say how much energy is absorbed in the space. It might affect the current environment in the space. After all, although the spiritual energy in the space is rich and spiritual energy can be produced at any time, if it is absorbed If the speed is too fast, it will not only absorb the spiritual energy in the space and heaven and earth, but also absorb all the spiritual energy in all the spiritual energy in the space into his body, then his body will be transformed. It has become a black hole. If it fails, it will swallow up the space. This is absolutely unacceptable. Space is his foundation. He will not destroy the space just to improve his strength.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai is going to take his time. He wants to see if it is possible to transform one by one. If it is possible to transform one talisman by one talisman, then it is not a good thing. If If it really doesn't work, just think of other ways.

After making up his mind, Zhao Hai began to make preparations. He first took a careful look at the energy arrays in his body, and then took a look at the spherical arrays in the acupuncture points in his body. These spherical arrays were like It is a kind of transfer station or supplementary place for the array, so it is not difficult to transform the arrays in the acupuncture points, but it is difficult to change the energy array talismans in his body. It is like building a family on the same road. The supply station may not be very difficult, but if you want a vehicle running on this road to load hundreds or thousands of times more cargo than its actual carrying capacity, it is not difficult at all.

Zhao Hai felt relieved once he saw that there was no problem with the spherical arrays in the acupuncture points in his body. Then he carefully observed that the energy array talismans in his body were all connected. Any Not a single link can be disconnected, otherwise it will be very troublesome. If he wants to change one of the array symbols into a spherical array, the first thing to solve is the problem of this connection. If this connection is disconnected, then Zhao Hai really doesn't know what the consequences will be. If he doesn't do it right, his spiritual energy may recoil, and he may become obsessed.

Zhao Hai thought for a while and found that it was not impossible. Although the spherical array was said to be spherical, it was used outside. The spherical array outside was physical. If he wanted to make the spherical array become To form a whole, it must be made into a whole ball. In this way, it is naturally very difficult to connect several magic circles. But in his body, this kind of spherical magic circle is composed of energy. , and the spherical array composed of this energy can completely remove the redundant useless parts, leaving only some array symbols to form the array. You only need to make the array symbols before and after the spherical array consistent with the spherical array. Just connect some of the symbols in the array, and there will be no connection problems.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately began to deduce that he could now improve the skills, and improving the skills was very important for a monk. The most important thing is that improving the skills was dangerous. You have to be very careful with every step. If you make a wrong step, you may go crazy. Only people like Zhao Hai, who control their own energy very well and are very strong at the same time, have the courage to do this. Ordinary people would not dare to make such an attempt. If it fails, people will die.