c7226 solve

Zhao Hai looked at Li Ji and smiled slightly: "This is only the first step. I haven't completely improved this technique yet. I also found that your body is only suitable for practice now." My final idea for this kind of formation technique is to turn every talisman in the formation technique into a spherical array, and finally a formation group. In that case, the power of this set of techniques will be unimaginably powerful. However, if you really get to that step, the energy emitted by the magic circle will be very powerful, and your body may not be able to bear it. Moreover, if you want to reach that step, the mental power required will be very huge. , so this can only be done now. ."

Li Ji was stunned for a moment, and then she said: "Brother Hai, can you really do that? It's impossible, right?" He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai actually wanted to practice the technique to that point. If As Zhao Hai said, if all the energy talismans in the body are turned into magic circles or array groups, it would be really terrible, because that would make their skills and power more powerful. Instantly improve a thousand times.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Of course it is true, and you can definitely achieve that step, but you have to take it step by step slowly. You must first make your body stronger, and then you can slowly achieve that step." , if you want to achieve that level in one step, it is absolutely impossible, and the energy released from the magic circle will directly collapse your body."

Li Ji nodded and said: "It's good if you can. We're not in a hurry anyway. By the way, Brother Hai, it's just right for you to come out now. Now there are several things waiting for you to deal with. The first one is the alien clan." The thing is, most people in the alien family are now cursed. Although this curse is not dangerous, I still feel very uncomfortable when there is a curse placed on me. I might as well help them get rid of it. Secondly Even the Shadow Clan’s formation talisman is very important.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I have heard that the matter of the alien clan is actually easy to solve. The curse is very easy to break. I can just deal with it later. Moreover, the curses on the Yaksha teeth are all like this." This curse is really easy to break, so don’t worry. As for the Shadow Clan’s talisman, I’ve also heard about it. Is it that the Shadow Clan’s talisman is completely useless now?”

Li Ji nodded and said: "Yes, it is completely useless. Now we must add the Wheel of Law to our Sky-Swallowing Net. Otherwise, there will be no way to use it. But you also know that the Wheel of Law There is also a limit to the distance of influence. Now those aliens who go to reconnaissance, the magic circles they carry are almost useless, which is very dangerous."

Zhao Hai looked at Li Ji and said with a smile: "You guys should have thought of a solution a long time ago, but you have never thought about it. Have you forgotten how we obtained the enemy's spherical magic circle? When we cracked the enemy's spherical magic circle, did we get a lot of talismans? Were some of those talismans very similar to those of the Shadow Clan? But there was another part that was different. Those talismans were used by the Yaksha Clan. , that is to say, those formation talismans can be used in the current power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so can't you get the formation talismans used by the Yasha clan by deriving those formation talismans? In this way, in the future we will If the clan here is using formation talismans, they can just use this newly derived formation talisman."

Li Ji and Laura were stunned, and then they all laughed. They were really blind and didn't think of this at all. Now that they were reminded by Zhao Hai, they figured it out all at once. , they had nothing to be embarrassed about in front of Zhao Hai, they just thought it was a little funny. Such a simple truth, they didn't even think of it.

Zhao Hai looked at them and said with a smile: "There are a few more things I want to tell you. The first thing is about Lingzhi Hall. Their steps are still too small. Can't they? Combining multiple plants? They are plantists. They find a plant as a mother plant, and then graft other plants onto this plant. In the end, they may get something different. With them With the help of the planter's natural energy, it's hard for those plants to die even if they want to, right? Don't just think about letting the same plant evolve constantly, otherwise time will be very slow, and you will only get some of the plants in the end. Can’t get anything else.”

Laura and the others nodded and memorized all Zhao Hai's words, not daring to forget them at all. Zhao Hai then said: "Also, those disciples who use magic insects are also a group of fools. Could it be that they Do you really raise those magic bugs as your own children? Magic circle control, drug control, all these methods must be used. Also, didn't you tell them that you need to cooperate more? Those magic bugs harvest The energy of the Shadow Clan makes them very irritable. Can't we remove this energy by feeding some plants? If we treat the energy of the Shadow Clan as a poison or a curse, we may make unexpected discoveries. The people from Shenji Hall must also cooperate with them more to find a way to solve all these things, do you understand?"

Laura and others all responded. They also knew that Zhao Hai was not angry, but just a reminder. In fact, this kind of thing really would not make Zhao Hai feel angry. There was no need at all. Zhao Hai has reached a level where he will not be angry about such things.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others and smiled and said: "You have worked hard recently. If you really don't want to do it, just arrange a few people to manage it. Anyway, the Blood Killing Sect is on the right track now. , you don’t need to personally manage it, there is no need to make yourself so hard.”

Laura smiled and said: "No, we must control part of the power in the sect. Although Brother Hai, your prestige is unmatched in the sect, we still want the people in the sect to know our Existence, you are in seclusion now. People in the sect rarely see you anymore. If we don't show up, we will really be completely separated from the sect. This is not what I want to see. .”

Upon hearing what Laura said, Zhao Hai also smiled slightly, and then said: "It's up to you, don't work too hard. For me, the Blood Killing Sect may be dispensable. Even if I don't show up, They don’t dare to do anything. If they really dare to mess around, it’s not impossible for me to give up on them, so there’s no need to work so hard.”

Laura shook her head and said: "That's not possible. They followed you and ascended from the lower world. It can be said that they are where they are today because of you. I know they won't do anything to you, but if they dare not Listen to what you say, you must teach them a lesson, and you must not let them completely escape your control, otherwise, wouldn’t all your hard work for so long have been in vain?”

Zhao Hai didn't say anything, just smiled slightly and said: "As long as you are happy, I will go take a look at the situation of the aliens and solve this matter first. Then, do you know about those Yaksha teeth? What are they doing with those Yaksha teeth? To make them mysterious?"

Laura smiled and said: "Of course I know. They want to use the Yaksha teeth to let us kill the disciples of the sect with blood. Our strength is improving. This is very important. You will know it later." When Laura said this , his eyes were still shining, and it was clear at a glance that he was also very interested in what they were going to do.

Looking at her look, Zhao Hai just smiled and said nothing. It is not easy for Laura and the others to find something they like, so just let them go. Zhao Hai then left the space directly and went to see the aliens first. When they were not fighting, except for some who went out for reconnaissance, the others generally stayed in the Xuanwu space. Of course, some of them would enter hell. in space.

Zhao Hai first entered the hell space and looked at the aliens. Those aliens were indeed cursed, but this curse was a simple control curse, but the curse was caused by the alien family, so Only then did people pay attention to it. In fact, some medicines in the Blood Killing Sect can remove this curse. The Blood Killing Sect has a medicine that specifically suppresses curses. This medicine can cure most curses. , all have a restraint effect. Some curses that are not very strong can be removed directly. Nowadays, almost all the disciples who have been killed by blood are not afraid of curses, so this kind of medicine is of no use. Now there are A lot, enough for these aliens.

After seeing this, Zhao Hai no longer worried. What he wants to solve now is the problem of the alien mother nest. The alien mother nest has also evolved by absorbing the genetic power of those aliens. It is precisely because of this that, The alien brood now also carries that curse. Although it has almost no impact on him, all the aliens produced will carry that curse, so this kind of thing must be resolved.

Moreover, Zhao Hai also wants to add some things to these alien nests. These things are specially designed to restrain the curse. Only by adding these things, the alien nest will not be afraid of the curse. Even if there are aliens in the future, Because the new genes are absorbed and cursed, there will be no problems in the mother nest. This can ensure that the newly created aliens will not be cursed. To put it bluntly, we want to solve this matter once and for all.

Zhao Hai first went to the Stone Giant Bull Alien to have a look. This Stone Giant Bull Alien was the largest alien made by Zhao Hai. He had never made such a big alien before. He had never made an alien nest before, so he was also very curious about the giant stone bull aliens. He wanted to see what was going on with the giant stone bull aliens now, and whether they were also cursed.

At this glance, Zhao Hai discovered that these stone giant bull aliens were really cursed, and the curses in these stone giant bull aliens were very different from the curses they had mentioned before. The curse on the alien body can only be used after the break, and the curse on these giant stone bulls seems to be a control curse.