c7229 spherical array

Zhao Hai let out a long breath and finally finished the deduction. The result of the deduction is that his improvement this time is feasible. He can improve the formation symbols one by one. However, there is one thing. Before all the formation symbols are improved, He cannot let those improved spherical magic arrays fully exert their power, which will affect other talismans. If the power of the spherical magic array is too strong, other talismans will be destroyed if one of them is not handled properly. Disconnecting will only cause more trouble.

He has now roughly calculated the maximum endurance of those formation talismans. Before Zhao Hai turned all the energy formation talismans into spherical formations, his spherical formations could only exert their maximum capacity. A few thousandths of the power, if the power is spread too much, it may affect other formation symbols and directly cause fractures.

When the monk's energy is running in the body, it is a cycle connected end to end. If this cycle is suddenly broken, the impact on the monk will be very great. The most likely thing is that the broken energy will rush around in the body. , causing the energy in the monk's body to become chaotic. If that were really the case, it would be too dangerous.

Zhao Hai's face slowly calmed down. He had to adjust his mood and let his mood slowly calm down. Only in this way could he not have any distracting thoughts, so that his concentration could be more focused. Concentrate and better complete this transformation.

Zhao Hai is ready. He must be able to transform the energy array talisman in Dantian, so that when the array talisman comes out of Dantian, it will become a spherical array. If he does not make improvements in other places, he is afraid that it will be damaged in other places. If local improvement fails, it will cause energy chaos, but there is no fear in the Dantian. With the runes of heaven and earth and curse runes, the chaotic energy in the Dantian can be suppressed in a short time.

After taking a deep breath, Zhao Hai immediately focused his attention on the Dantian. He paid attention to the formation symbols in the Dantian. After those formation symbols entered the Dantian, they would bring some energy from the outside, and then A part of the energy is taken away from the Dantian, and in this process, the energy in the Dantian will also become a small update. This is a bit like the human heart, which is completing a blood update.

What Zhao Hai has to do now is to focus on a formation talisman first, and then transform it as soon as the formation talisman enters the Dantian. The transformation must be completed before the formation talisman leaves the Dantian. This process is very short, so he must concentrate all his attention.

Zhao Hai first noticed a formation talisman. This formation talisman was still some distance away from the Dantian, but Zhao Hai had already focused his attention on this formation talisman. It can be said that his mental power had completely destroyed this formation talisman. Locked, and then his mental power followed the formation talisman and entered his Dantian. The moment the formation talisman entered the Dantian, Zhao Hai immediately activated it, and he immediately commanded the formation talisman. , began to absorb energy from the Dantian, and then produced more array symbols, and then combined these array symbols to form a magic circle.

This process is very short. Fortunately, Zhao Hai has also made complete preparations. The magic circle he wants to improve this time is just the most ordinary magic circle, consisting of only dozens of talismans. With his strength and energy, Enough, this magic circle can be formed in a blink of an eye, that's why he is so sure.

Sure enough, the formation talisman quickly grew in size, and then evolved into countless formation talismans. In the blink of an eye, it had turned into a spherical formation. The size did not seem to have increased much, but the amount of energy contained in it The energy has become extremely huge, more than a thousand times greater than when it was just a talisman.

Then the spherical magic circle, along with the other talismans, left the Dantian, and the energy originally stored in the Dantian was suddenly reduced. However, Zhao Hai has no time to pay attention to the changes in energy now. He is now focusing all his attention on the modified spherical array. The spherical array is connected with other talismans. He sends out The energy is much stronger than other talismans. This is because Zhao Hai used all his strength to restrain the energy in the spherical array, otherwise he would release even more energy.

Then Zhao Hai began to release the energy in the spherical array outward little by little. He had to keep the spherical array in a state of energy balance. He couldn't just rely on him to control it. That was absolutely impossible. Therefore, he must let the energy in the spherical array be released bit by bit to achieve a balance.

Finally, the spherical magic circle made a circle in Zhao Hai's body. When he entered the Dantian, Zhao Hai also completed the control of the energy. Now he no longer needs to direct the spherical magic circle. It can run in his body together with other energies in his body without any danger.

When the spherical array left his body, Zhao Hai no longer needed to control the operation of the array. The array could run by itself, and at the same time, he could use his energy to slowly It affects the two formation talismans connected to him, making them more powerful, just like using his own energy to warm and nourish the two formation talismans. This situation was also discovered by Zhao Hai just now.

Zhao Hai originally wanted to pick up a spherical magic circle behind this spherical magic circle, but now that he saw this situation, Zhao Hai decided not to do so, because he found that if it really happened there, If there is another spherical formation behind the spherical formation, the power exerted by these two spherical formations will not be able to withstand the formation talismans next to it. Otherwise, those formation talismans will collapse. , that would be troublesome.

These formation talismans can also be warmed and raised, so that's easy to handle. Zhao Hai immediately made a change. He tried it and saw that a spherical magic array could release energy that could warm up several formation talismans. In this way, he Only then could he make the second spherical formation talisman. After observing for a while, Zhao Hai discovered that the spherical formation talisman with suppressed energy could only affect at most ten formations in front and behind him, and the range of influence was not very large.

But this is enough, because the energy of the spherical array has been suppressed. He can slowly increase his energy in the future. The first step is to warm up all the surrounding array talismans so that the surrounding arrays can The talisman can become more powerful and can adapt to the power exuded by the spherical magic circle.

After knowing the scope of influence of the spherical array, Zhao Hai decided to make a spherical array twenty talons away from the first spherical array. Anyway, now in his Dantian, the Yin-Yang Fish There is still a lot of energy in it, and many spherical arrays can be made. It is better to make them all now, so that it can be convenient for him and absorb more energy. After all, the spherical array needs to absorb more energy. It is much stronger than ordinary formation talismans.

Zhao Hai has discovered that when the formation talisman passes through his Dantian, it will leave a trace of energy in his Dantian. When it leaves the Dantian, it will also take away a trace of the energy in the Dantian, but when it enters the Dantian The energy in the Dantian will be greater than the energy brought out of the Dantian, so some energy will slowly be stored in the Dantian.

When the spherical array entered the Dantian, the energy it brought was thousands of times that of the array talisman. This was because he did not dare to absorb the energy with all his strength, and when he left the Dantian, he took away There is not a lot of energy in the body, but a lot of energy is left in the Dantian. In other words, if Zhao Hai wants to store energy in the Dantian, it will be much easier.

The more power there is in the Dantian, the better the warming and nourishing effect of the Dantian will be, the better it will stimulate his bloodline, and finally his Dantian can store more energy. This is a virtuous cycle. Zhao Hai is very beneficial. Therefore, Zhao Hai plans to make more spherical magic circles, so that he can absorb energy faster and store energy in his Dantian faster. In this way, he can make more spherical magic circles. , when all the formation symbols in his body will turn into spherical formations, I believe that by then, his strength will become extremely powerful.

As for why you don’t make a spherical magic circle farther away, you have to make a spherical magic circle twenty talismans away from the spherical magic array. This is because by doing so, you can get all those talismans. Warm up, he plans to keep doing this so that all the talismans can be warmed up. When all the talismans are warmed to a certain level, he can make more spherical magic circles to replace the talismans. .

The second spherical array was made more smoothly, which made Zhao Hai very happy, but he was going to change the spherical array, because the spherical arrays he made now were all very simple spherical arrays. , because the moment it passed through the Dantian was very short. The first time he made it, there was almost not enough time, but the second time it was much easier and it was completed very quickly. There was still not enough time. Shao, Zhao Hai wanted to see if he could make a more complex spherical array, because he believed that if all the spherical arrays were made the same, it might affect his future strength. There will also be some impact, so he is ready to make some changes.

However, Zhao Hai is still a very careful person. He made a few more magic circles and practiced for a while. Until he felt more and more proficient and the time spent was getting shorter and shorter, he started to make them in one go. A new, more complex array. This array is composed of hundreds of talismans. Although it is still a simple array in the Blood Killing Sect's array system, here, But it's not simple.

This magic circle was completed very smoothly. Although the time was a little short, it was finally completed. Zhao Hai also breathed a sigh of relief. Then he paid attention to the magic circle and found that the energy absorbed by this magic circle was more. More, this also made Zhao Hai more sure of his previous thoughts. High-level magic circles can indeed store and absorb more spiritual energy. This discovery also strengthened Zhao Hai's inner thoughts.