c7227 cooperate

Shun Li was sitting in his room with his eyes closed. In fact, he was in contact with the aliens who were out for reconnaissance. He had to pay attention to the situation of those aliens. Whatever they saw or encountered, he knew You must know it as soon as possible so that you can respond promptly.

At this moment, he suddenly felt something in his heart. He felt as if someone was looking at him. He immediately opened his eyes. When he opened his eyes, he saw Zhao Hai standing in front of him and looking at him. Seeing Zhao Hai, Shun Li immediately stood up, saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Master, you are out of seclusion."

Zhao Hai nodded, looked at Shu Li's look, nodded and said: "Yes, my strength has improved very quickly recently, which is good. I am here to tell you this time that the curse has been resolved. Those brood nests The curse on the monster has been lifted. As for the curse on ordinary aliens, you can just take the medicine. The newly made Qingxin Pills will do. Remember, the Stone Giant Ox alien must also take it, as well as the Zerg. Aliens must also be taken.”

Shun Li responded. The latest pill they made that can suppress the curse is Qingxin Pill, but no one uses it now. Now when he heard Zhao Hai say this, Shun Li felt relieved. He was very worried. It is clear that things like Qingxin Pills can indeed be used casually, as much as you want, so the curse of their alien clan has been completely resolved.

Zhao Hai glanced at Shu Li again, then smiled slightly and said: "Yes, you have been practicing well recently. This technique is for you. Remember, only you and Cang Ming can practice this set of techniques. Others can't practice it." Practicing, not even for Ancient Expedition, it’s not that we don’t allow them to practice, it’s because of their physical condition that they are not allowed to practice, so don’t mess around, you can just practice with Cang Ming.” After saying this, Zhao Hai threw it to He took a piece of jade slip and turned around and left.

Shun Li took the jade slip and found that Zhao Hai had disappeared. He didn't say anything and went directly to find Cang Ming. He would never violate Zhao Hai's words and would execute them better than Wen Wenhai and the others. To be thorough, Zhao Hai said that if he was allowed to practice with Cang Ming, he would never give it to anyone else.

At this time, Zhao Hai has already appeared in Shenji Hall. Wen Yuming and the others are still busy. Obviously, Wen Yuming and they already know about the Yaksha Formation Talisman. They are now studying the Yaksha Formation Talisman. When Zhao Hai arrived at Shenji Hall, he heard that they were busy.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming was working with several other people in his laboratory to deduce the formation symbols. Although they had the help of the optical brain, they were still busy. They are very happy, because they are testing each Yaksha talisman to test the power of this talisman.

When Zhao Hai appeared in Wen Yuming's laboratory, Wen Yuming and the others didn't notice it. They all focused all their attention on the magic circle in front of them. The magic circle in front of them was just for testing. Those who use the formation talisman are now conducting experiments in this area.

The reason why we need to do this experiment in the magic circle is because in this magic circle, the power of the law of the shadow clan is used. Of course, this is a similar power of the law of the shadow clan, and its main function is, It was just to test and see if this array talisman could be activated, and also to see what the function of this array talisman was.

After a while, Wen Yuming nodded and said: "I tried it out. The function of this formation talisman is to attack, like a sword. I remember that the Shadow Clan formation talisman we used before also had this function, but It looks completely different from this formation talisman. Among the shadow clan's formation talisman in the past, the formation talisman similar to this formation was used for defense. It seems that the Yaksha formation talisman is different from the shadow clan's formation talisman. There's a big difference." Several other people nodded.

At this moment, Wen Yuming also felt that there seemed to be an extra person in the room. They turned around and found that this person was Zhao Hai. Wen Yuming and they couldn't help being stunned, and then immediately rushed towards Zhao Hai. After saluting, Zhao Hai waved his hand and said with a smile: "Okay, no need to be so polite, Lao Wen, that's good. Let's start researching it now."

There was a hint of shame on Wen Yuming's face, and he said to Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, it's my fault for this matter. After we found out that the Shadow Clan's formation talisman couldn't be used, we didn't respond immediately. In the end, we still With your promotion, I thought of the Yaksha Formation Talisman. This is our fault. Please forgive me, Master." Wen Yuming really felt very embarrassed. They can be said to have mastered it and use it here in the Yaksha Realm. The method of the formation talisman, but they themselves did not know it. This made him, a person who focused on the magic formation, how could he forgive himself, so he said this.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "I can't blame you for this. You just didn't think of it for a moment. You will think of it sooner or later. I am here this time to solve the curse on the Yaksha teeth. Do you have any ideas now? ?" Zhao Hai is not famous for this matter. They have been working very hard. The Blood Killing Sect is now on the rise and has many requirements for various magic formations. So they were very busy after hearing about it, so it was normal that they didn't think about it for a moment. Zhao Hai didn't blame them.

Wen Yuming responded. Although he didn't completely forgive himself, he felt a lot more relaxed. At least Zhao Hai didn't blame him. As soon as Zhao Hai asked about the Yaksha teeth, he immediately said: "Returning to the sect leader, the curse on the Yaksha teeth is indeed more difficult to deal with. We have never had a good way before, and it is the same now. The best way is to use We have the power to absorb that curse into our bodies and then digest it."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help but smile and said: "You guys, you really have come up with a stupid way. That's all. I have a recipe for a medicine here. You can use it to prepare it. , as long as the Yaksha teeth are washed well with this medicine, the curse on them can be removed, go ahead." While talking, Zhao Hai took out a jade slip and gave it to Wen Yuming. , was a potion he had just come up with, and had tested it, and the effect was very good, so he gave it to Wen Yuming directly.

After Wen Yuming took the jade slip, he mentally looked into the jade slip and found that it was a very ordinary pharmaceutical formula. The reason why it was called ordinary was because the medicinal materials used in this formula were all very ordinary. There is nothing special about ordinary medicinal materials, so it is said to be an ordinary pharmaceutical formula.

However, Wen Yuming did not doubt Zhao Hai. He immediately put away the jade slips and stood there, waiting for Zhao Haixun. Zhao Di glanced at them and said with a smile: "Okay, you can go about your business. I'll go back first." After saying that, he moved and disappeared.

Waiting until Zhao Hai disappeared, they got busy again after hearing the name. They were not afraid of Zhao Hai, but they respected Zhao Hai very much. They also knew that Zhao Hai was very easy-going, so Zhao Hai As soon as they left, they started working immediately without any discomfort.

And Wen Wenhai and the others soon knew that Zhao Hai had left seclusion, but they did not say anything. Zhao Hai only did two things when he came out of seclusion, and then disappeared again. Wen Wenhai and the others also knew that Zhao Hai this time When I left the customs, I was afraid that I would just come out for a walk and then go back, so they didn't care.

Now that the Blood Killing Sect is on the right track, people like them from the headquarters are responsible for the management of the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai really has nothing to worry about. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect knows that the most important thing for Zhao Hai now is In terms of training, the stronger Zhao Hai is, the safer the Blood Killing Sect will be, so Wen Wenhai and the others are trying their best to do the best they can so as not to disturb Zhao Hai.

With the matter of the aliens and the array talisman solved, the Blood Killer Sect also felt that they really had nothing to worry about now. Not only had the curse on the aliens been resolved, but they also had some resistance to the curse. This is definitely good news for them.

Of course, with the resolution of these two things, they also began to prepare for an attack, but Zhao Hai went into retreat. At the same time, a reform was also underway in the Logistics Department, and the entire Logistics Department , multiple branches began to cooperate. Shenji Hall, Lingzhi Hall, and Lingshou Hall all began to cooperate, especially Lingzhi Hall and Lingshou Hall. The cooperation between these two branches was the first to start. They are now going to There are two main things to solve. One is the problem that the magic bugs are too violent after absorbing the power of the Shadow Clan, and the other is the problem that plants like dodder are too delicate.

Both magic bugs and dodder are good things for the Shadow Clan, but they are not perfect. They had never thought of cooperating before, but now under Laura's suggestion, they have begun to cooperate. , at the same time, the Spirit Beast Hall is also cultivating other spirit beasts, just to see if they can cultivate some more powerful spirit beasts that are more conducive to command.

But this does not mean that magic bugs and dodder cannot be used now. Cuscuta can still be used. Magic bugs are not easy to control now, so they dare not use them. If you really want to use them, it is not impossible. , but it will be very troublesome and has certain dangers.

However, Cuscuta has really begun to be improved, and the person in charge of this matter is Hu Wei. Hu Wei is a planter. Over the years, she has been thinking about how to improve various plants, so she worked hard. La let her become the master of Lingzhi Hall. This dodder is what they made, but now the dodder is not perfect, and now they need further improvement.

And this time they also got a lot of good things from the Spiritual Beast Hall, such as the venom of some animals, or the special secretions of some animals, etc. Hu Wei and the others did not have these things before, but now they have them , just want to see if these things have any effect on the evolution of plants, and the grafting mentioned by Zhao Hai before, they also tried them all, hoping to find out one as soon as possible. A way to make dodder stronger.