c7222 careful

Gu Yuanzheng sat on the head of a giant undead beast. This time, there were two people sitting next to him. One was Shu Li, and the other was King of Hell Ling. This time, King of Hell Ling no longer had to command those millions of magic formations. , that's why he sat next to Gu Yuanzheng so easily. The giant beasts he commanded were all in front of the army, so he didn't need to go to the rear of the army now. As for Shu Li, he is commanding the Alien Yaksha, who is scouting in front, and the one who needs the intelligence from the front most now is Gu Yuanzheng, so he also stays with Gu Yuanzheng.

Beside them are ten million-person Rubik's Cube formations, from Tianzi Team 1 to Tianzi Team 10. These people are all ready and waiting for the order to attack. These ten teams Among them, there are also people from the undead clan, but of course, most of them are ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples.

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at those disciples, couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face, and said to the two people next to him: "Suddenly commanding an army that is not all composed of the undead clan. I am really not used to it. Now we are killing each other. There are a lot of disciples in the sect. Elder Yao Jianhao is still recruiting people at the Black and White Battlefield. I heard that some people will be sent to the sect every month to become the dead souls or peripheral disciples of the sect. I don’t know about this. Time, how many more people have been added to our Blood Killing Sect."

The King of Hell said in a deep voice: "I have really heard of this matter. I heard that our Blood Killing Sect can increase tens of thousands of people every month. Most of them are dead soldiers, and they are only in the sect now." Practice with peace of mind and learn the sect's skills. The young master is still too soft-hearted. Otherwise, he will never be polite to those people. They are dead soldiers, so just let them come to the front line to fight. If you can't stay here, After you die in battle, you can just become our undead clan."

When Gu Yuanzheng and Shun Li heard what he said, they all laughed. Gu Yuanzheng looked at the King of Hell and said: "It's different. Otherwise, these people have surrendered to our Blood Killing Sect, even if they become dead We can't really use them as cannon fodder. Although our Blood Killing Sect has tens of billions of people now, compared to the size of Xuanwu Space, these people are still too few. After all, our On the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the inner space of each Blood Killing Battle Fort can accommodate 100 million people. Not only does this number have no negative impact on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, it can also allow the Blood Killing Battle Fort to be occupied. The best number of people can exert the strongest combat effectiveness, but now we simply don’t have that many people sent to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, so the Blood Killing Battle Fort cannot exert the best combat effectiveness, which is very important. "

Hearing what he said, everyone nodded. It was indeed the case. The Blood Killing Sect was indeed short of people now. Even if all the Undead clan were used, there would still be a shortage of many people. Although the Alien clan could control Many alien yakshas have been made, but the alien yakshas have not yet developed their intelligence and cannot be used, so the Blood Killing Sect is really in short supply.

Putting aside the fact that there are more than 60 billion disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, who have not even filled up the Xuanwu Space, let alone those Blood Killing Battle Fortresses, why Zhao Hai did not make so many Blood Killing Battle Fortresses? People are a very important reason, so Zhao Hai is still very concerned about recruiting people.

Yama Ling also nodded, and then said: "Although the number of our undead clan is not counted, it is still not enough. Moreover, our undead clan is the same as the alien clan. Our real home base is all in the hell space, where we They are the ones who enter the country the fastest. This is why the young master does not allow us people to stay in the Blood Killing Battle Castle permanently. Therefore, the main manpower in the Xuanwu Space and the Blood Killing Battle Castle are actually those monks. From this point of view, those Death soldiers are really very important."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then he said: "The young master has said more than once that our opponents are not people from Wanshan Realm, or even people from the upper realm of Wanshan Realm. These people are not worthy of being us. Our opponent, our opponent may be the person behind the power of the Shadow Clan's law, and the young master really doesn't know how strong this person is, and we don't know how powerful this person is, so we can only It’s about trying our best to strengthen ourselves.”

Shun Li nodded and said: "Yes, so now we have to use various methods to improve our strength. Our alien family's method of improving our strength is very weird, so we can only improve it through constant fighting. , but you, the undead clan, can practice. It can be seen from what happened this time that the young master still values ​​you very much. You should also work hard. Don’t worry about those magic weapons. Your own strength is the most important. important."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "This may be the reason why the young master did not let us go to the Blood Killing Battle Castle. He just wanted us to concentrate on training, so that's why. Forget it, let's not talk about this anymore, the time is almost up. We can also attack." Gu Yuanzheng knew that Zhao Hai was the most interested in the undead clan and the alien clan, so he said this.

Both Chen Li and Yan Wangling nodded. Gu Yuanzheng glanced into the distance, calculated the time again, and then said loudly: "The army is advancing. Chen Li, please report the situation ahead at any time. Lao Yan, pass the order to those people." Giant beast, tell them to be careful, be careful of the sudden appearance of the enemy's floating island, and send a letter to Jiang Shenglin to ask them to be prepared there as well."

Chen Li and Yan Wangling both nodded. At the same time, Gu Yuanzheng also sent a letter to Jiang Shenglin, asking Jiang Shenglin to be prepared. If a floating island suddenly appeared, they must counterattack immediately. This is not impossible. After all, with the help of the Shadow Clan's law, it is really possible for the enemy to hide their floating island from the Blood Killing Sect. If they really do this, they will give the Blood Killing Sect another try. In a surprise attack, the Blood Killing Sect's casualties would probably not be small.

Wen Wenhai's previous reminder made everyone in Gu Yuanzheng be more vigilant. They knew very well that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws could really do anything. If they really tried their best to help the Yaksha Clan. , then the combat effectiveness of the Yasha clan will be greatly improved, which is not good news for the people of the Blood Killing Sect.

The fighting power of the Yaksha clan is very powerful. Nowadays, an ordinary Yaksha can be said to be on par with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really fight against the Flying Yaksha, they will really be defeated. It is not necessarily possible to defeat the opponent. The strength of those flying yakshas is more powerful. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may be able to ensure their own immortality by relying on their armor. However, there is no problem in escaping with their lives, but if they want to kill Flying Yaksha is very difficult.

But the Yaksha clan now has some shortcomings, that is, their numbers. Compared with the Blood Killing Sect, their numbers are really far behind. This time the Blood Killing Sect has won great victories against the Yasha clan this time, but generally They were all numerically superior, that's why they were able to beat the Yasha clan so badly.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai reminds everyone to be careful. They are now completely dominant, but the fighting power of the Yasha clan is not weak. This can only be seen from the fact that the Blood Killing Sect is so afraid of Yasha. It can be seen that the Earthly Yaksha is very powerful, even stronger than the Zerg Yaksha.

Although the Zerg Yaksha absorbed the genes of the Earthly Yaksha and became very powerful, although they can absorb the genes of the Earthly Yaksha, they cannot absorb the cultivation of the Earthly Yaksha. Therefore, if we really count, the Zerg In terms of combat effectiveness, Yaksha is not as strong as Earthly Yaksha, because although Zerg Yaksha has good combat power and can see underground, when they face Earthly Yaksha, these are not advantages. Earthly Yaksha also has the same abilities as them. Ability, and cultivation that they do not have. At this point, the Earthly Yaksha is much stronger than the Zerg Yaksha. It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai is worried that the Earthly Yaksha will attack from underground. Attack them on the ground.

If the power of the Shadow Clan's laws really helps the Yaksha clan with all their strength, then they will help the Yaksha clan in every aspect, and the Blood Killing Sect's strongest magic circle technique will also be greatly suppressed. Although the Blood Killing Sect also knows the Shadow Clan's formation talisman, which can absorb the power of the Shadow Clan's law and use it to minimize this impact, this does not mean that they are completely immune to the influence. The influence of the power of clan law.

It has been said that the power of Shadow Clan's laws is alive, and he is alive, so how can he look at the enemy, throw away his own power, and turn it against himself? Although in the first few interfaces, the Blood Killing Sect was relatively successful using this method, starting from the Snake Realm, Wen Wenhai and the others have discovered that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is trying to find a way to control their power. Not absorbed by ShadowClan's talismans.

The formation talisman can absorb power and exert its effect. In fact, one of the most important reasons is because of the power of law. The formation talisman can be understood as a small wheel of law. The wheel of law can borrow the power of law to form a The power of the new law spreads the power of the law outward.

But the formation talisman is something that must be supported by the power of law in order to be effective. The power of law thinks that you can borrow its power, so you can borrow its power. If the power of law, I don’t think you can borrow it. His power, then you can't borrow his power. Therefore, although the Blood Killing Sect knows the Shadow Clan's formation talisman, it is very difficult for them to absorb the power from the Shadow Clan's law power. The Shadow Clan's The power of law does not need to lend you power. Even if you can borrow power, you can only borrow a very small part.

Starting from the Snake World, it has become very difficult for the Shadow Clan Formation Talisman of the Blood Killing Sect to borrow power from the power of the Shadow Clan Law. At most, it will not be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan Law. Influence, this is completely different from before. On the black and white battlefield, Zhao Hai could still use the shadow clan's formation talismans at will, borrow power from the shadow clan's power of law, and arrange the magic circle, but now he can no longer do so.

The power of the Shadow Clan's laws may be because they have discovered this a long time ago, so they are slowly adjusting their own laws. The ultimate goal is to prevent the Shadow Clan talisman used by Zhao Hai and others from using their own laws. He borrowed power from his body, so the Blood Killing Sect had to be careful now.