c7224 Broken city

As soon as he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng was relieved, and then he saw white light starting to emerge from the Sky Swallowing Net, but at this moment, countless magic weapons suddenly flew out of the city. Each of the weapons is heading towards an iron ball that swallows the sky net. No matter how big or small, they attack together.

When he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng's heart couldn't help but tighten. At this moment, he saw those magic weapons all stopped suddenly, and then fell directly to the ground. Gu Yuanzheng was stunned, a little He looked at the fallen magic weapons in confusion. This situation really surprised him.

Shun Li naturally saw this situation, and he said: "Tiantian.com has a barrier formation. This barrier formation can seal the opponent's formation, making it useless. No matter how sophisticated the opponent's magic weapons are, their core is still a magic circle, so as soon as they encounter this kind of magic circle, they are immediately sealed and naturally lose their use."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then he said with some confusion: "If that's the case, can't the city's protective formation also be sealed? Why must the formation be broken?" Gu Yuanzheng is really a little confused. I don't understand, he still knows too little about the magic circle. In this aspect, he can't even compare to Shu Li.

When Shun Li heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "You must first break the opponent's defensive formation, and then you can seal all the magic formations in the city. Otherwise, the magic formations in the city are protected by defensive shields. There is no way to seal it. You see, the reason why those magic weapons are sealed is actually that the most important reason is that they are too close to the Sky-Swallowing Network and are affected by the energy of the Sky-Swallowing Network. But from this point of view, It can also be seen that the Sky-Swallowing Net has already exerted its power, and the protective shield looks like it is about to be broken." As soon as Shun Li's voice finished, he heard a bang, and the protective shield on the city disappeared. Gone.

When he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but be overjoyed. He was ordering an attack when he heard Shu Li say: "No, although the shield was broken, the forbidden air formation has not disappeared. We can only attack from the ground. This What's going on?" Shu Li has been sending people from the alien clan to monitor the city, so he immediately discovered the problem.

Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately shouted to the communication formation: "The shield is broken, but the forbidden air formation is still there. We can only attack on the ground. Pay attention, we can only attack on the ground." Gu Yuanzheng said this Not only was he shouting at the people around him, but he was also shouting at the Blood Killing Sect disciples under another city. He was afraid that the Blood Killing Sect army under that city would directly attack him when the shield was broken. If you launch an attack in the sky and hit the forbidden air formation, the loss will be huge.

At this moment, Cang Ming's voice was heard, coming from the powerful communication circle: "There are cities underground. There are cities underground in these two cities. There seems to be a magic circle in the city. We must Be careful." The voice was very urgent, and it was obvious that Cang Ming reported the situation immediately after discovering the situation.

Yama Ling immediately said: "The Forbidden Sky Array must be under this city. Everyone must pay attention to it." Gu Yuanzheng and Shu Li also nodded, and they immediately thought of this, and then Yama Ling directly ordered the giant beasts to fall to the ground and charge towards the city from the ground.

Just when those giant beasts launched a charge and rushed to the area about ten miles away from the city, an earth-walking yaksha suddenly jumped out from the ground. Those earth-walking yakshas all held weapons in their hands and aimed at the abdomens of those giant beasts. Attacked. This sudden attack frightened them all.

But soon the King of Hell snorted coldly and said: "I have thought that you would come up with this trick." They had indeed thought that the enemy would come up with this trick, so they had already made preparations for those attacks. The giant beasts have already added defensive shields to their bodies. Except for some of the monster beasts that were injured, other undead giant beasts are covered with incarnation armor, and the bodies of those giant stone bulls are also covered with armor. Wearing thick stone armor, it is very difficult for those earthly yakshas to kill these giant beasts.

On the contrary, it was the earth-walking yakshas who rushed up. Although they were tall, they were incomparable to those giant beasts. Some earth-walking yakshas even jumped up and could not reach the alien belly of the giant stone bull. In this case, how can they attack the giant stone alien alien, they will only be trampled to death.

Gu Yuanzheng naturally saw this situation, and he also smiled slightly and said: "Interesting, these guys are really interesting. Under such circumstances, they actually want to attack us. Well, I really want to Let's see how long they can hold on." After that, he took out the communication array and said loudly to the communication array: "Old man, you also launch an attack, attack with all your strength, I really want to see, those earthly elements Yasha, how powerful he is, he still has the strength to attack the giant beast on the ground."

Cang Ming's voice came: "They are already attacking, but the shield they have underground is very troublesome. The Sky-Swallowing Net cannot be used underground. It is not easy to break the shield. Things." Cang Ming was also very annoyed. The Sky-Swallowing Net cannot be used underground, but there is a shield underground. Without the Sky-Swallowing Net, it would be impossible for them to break through it in a short time. This is There is no way for them to attack.

Gu Yuanzheng thought for a while, then picked up the communication array and said loudly: "Elder Wen, please let Elder Chen command those disciples who are good at using magic insects to go underground to help the Zerg Yaksha." Gu Yuanzheng suddenly thought Get up, those magic bugs also lived underground at first, and they can live very well underground, so there should be no problem in letting the magic bugs help the earthly yaksha.

Wen Wenhai's voice came: "Okay." After saying that, there was no sound, but with Wen Wenhai's words, Gu Yuanzheng felt relieved. He looked down again and found that the city below had been destroyed. It was broken. Those giant beasts were destroying all over the city, and although those Yashas were attacking those giant beasts, the effect was not very good. Some monsters were killed, and some stone giant aliens were also killed, but those There is no problem with the undead giant beasts, and they are still full of vigor and vitality.

Gu Yuanzheng took out the communication array at once and said in a deep voice: "Old Bai, prepare yourself. I will let the giant beast back out in a while, and then you guys can come in." After saying that, he turned to look at the King of Hell Ling and nodded. The King of Hell naturally understood what he meant, and immediately ordered those giant beasts to withdraw from the city.

When those giant beasts retreated from the city, soon, countless Sky-Fire and energy giant beasts rushed directly into the city. As soon as the Sky-Fire hit the city, an explosion immediately occurred, and countless Yashas were killed. It exploded into black smoke, and the same happened to those energy giant beasts. They didn't even think about attacking those Yashas. They just crashed into the city. With bursts of loud banging noises, all those energy giant beasts also exploded. The explosion is quite powerful.

With this wave of attacks, those blood-killing battle forts are also advancing rapidly into the city. While advancing, they are launching Mantianhuo and energy beasts. Outside the attack range of Mantianhuo, they are full of fire. Tianhuo had already stopped attacking and started launching energy beasts with all its strength.

And when those Blood Killing Battle Forts rushed to within ten miles outside the city, some earthly Yaksha jumped out and wanted to attack those Blood Killing Battle Forts, but unfortunately, there were still many tentacles underneath the Blood Killing Battle Forts. , as soon as those earthly yakshas jumped out, they were directly swept to death by those tentacles, so the Blood Killing Battle Castle was pushed all the way towards the city.

Although many of the walls of the city were collapsed by those giant beasts, some of the walls were still standing. But when the Blood Killing Battle Castle was pushed over, all of the walls were swept down. There were no standing ones, and then the Blood Killing Battle Fort rushed into the city, pushing all the way, and all the buildings were swept down. All the Yashas who wanted to rush over were killed by the energy beasts and tentacles. Even if they rush to the side of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, they will be killed by the feet under the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and there is no chance of getting close to the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

At this moment, the powerful communication circle rang again, and it was still Cang Ming's voice. There was a hint of excitement in his voice, and he said loudly: "It's broken, and the underground shield is also broken. There are so many earthly yakshas, ​​hahahaha." He looked really excited.

Hearing what Cang Ming said, Gu Yuanzheng was completely relieved. He looked at the city below that had been bulldozed in half and murmured: "Not bad, it's really good. It seems there is no suspense." Shu Li and Yama Wang Ling also nodded. Indeed, the battle has reached this level, and there is indeed no suspense anymore.

A very happy Cang Ming's voice came through the communication circle: "Those earthly yakshas have retreated. These guys run so fast every time, but this time they left some people behind, hahahaha , I really want to see how many of them can be so wasted."

Gu Yuanzheng and the others all let out a sigh of relief, and at this time Chen Li also said in a deep voice: "After the underground shield was broken, the forbidden air formation also disappeared." Chen Li also just received the news. He had also just received the news. I really didn't pay attention to whether the forbidden air circle was broken, because there was no need to pay attention anymore. The city was about to be bulldozed, so what else was there to say.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, picked up the communication array, and said directly: "Zhou Xing, how is the situation there?" Zhou Xing was the commander of the unit selected by Gu Yuanzheng. He led another The team went to attack another city. Now that the ancient expedition to their place has settled, he naturally wants to ask how the battle is going in the other city.

A steady voice came: "The city has been broken. The Blood Killing Battle Fort has entered the city. The shield under the city has also been broken. The final cleanup is in progress." The voice was very steady, as if He told Gu Yuanzheng what he was going to eat today, and no one could hear any emotional changes. However, Gu Yuanzheng had long been used to it. He just said: "Okay, pay attention to the final cleanup and don't sacrifice too much. Prevent the enemy's final counterattack." Then he put away the communication circle.