c7239 remind

They are also suffering from a headache after hearing the name. They really don't know what to do. They have made various magic formations before, but they really don't have such a magic formation like this time. Yes, what are Wen Wenhai’s requirements? Being able to detect the opponent's magic circle from a long distance, and preferably destroy the opponent's magic circle, is really very fatal. They have never thought of making such a magic circle before. .

Not only Wen Yuming, but others also had a headache. At this moment, the door of the conference room was suddenly opened. Wen Yuming and the others turned around and saw Laura and the others walking in from the outside. After hearing the news, they immediately stood up and saluted Laura.

Laura also nodded, then he turned to look at everyone, and said in a deep voice: "I have heard everything about this time. I want to make a trap that can detect the opponent's trap array from a long distance. Magical weapon, this is indeed a bit difficult, but I have a method here, but I don’t know if it is feasible.”

When Laura and the others said this, they were all stunned. They already knew that Laura and the others knew the art of magic circles and were very proficient in it, so now when they heard Laura and the others say this, they also felt Very curious, after hearing the name, he said to Laura and the others: "Madams, please sit down and speak slowly, and we will discuss it together."

Laura and the others were not polite and sat down directly. Then Laura glanced at Wen Yuming and the others and said solemnly: "What I told you this time is actually the same thing, which is the sonic array." At this point , He paused, and then turned to look at Wen Yuming and the others. Wen Yuming and the others had expressions of thinking on their faces, but they were still a little confused. Apparently, when they heard the sound wave array, they had I have some ideas, but I haven't fully understood them yet, so I have this expression.

Laura glanced at Wen Yuming and the others, then said: "I know you may not understand what I mean, so I won't be polite to you. You should all know about bats. Bats are a very special species. Creatures, they are active at night, their eyes have degenerated, and they can hardly see. But bats fly at night, but nothing happens. They don’t hit other things, because what? Just because they can emit light A kind of sound wave. It is a very peculiar sound wave. We cannot hear it, but bats can hear it. They use sound waves to judge whether there is something in front of them, so that they can avoid it. Are we? We can also use this method to emit sound waves. If the sound waves encounter something, they will be reflected back, so that we will know what is far away from us. Of course, if possible, we can also know that we Where is the magic circle we are looking for, so we can find a way to deal with it?"

Wen Yuming and the others listened to Laura's words, and their eyes gradually lit up, because the method proposed by Laura was really a way of thinking, a way of thinking that they had never thought of, but this kind of thinking was It was very likely to succeed, so they all looked very excited.

Laura looked at Wen Yuming and the others, and said with a smile: "I have already told you this method, and it is up to you to do the test immediately. Remember, conduct the sonic test first, and you must find out the It's a sound wave that people can't hear or feel, but it can travel very far and be reflected back. Only by finding this kind of sound wave can we make the kind of magic weapon I'm talking about."

After hearing the name, he immediately responded, and then said in a deep voice: "Madams, don't worry, we will start right away." He was really excited now, and he really wanted to know, if they really did What would be the situation with that kind of magic weapon? After saying that, he turned his head and glanced at everyone in Shenji Hall, and said loudly: "What are you still doing? Take action."

Only then did everyone come back to their senses. They all responded with a roar, then stood up and ran directly to the laboratory. They were all excited now, because Laura's words were equivalent to opening a door for them. The window allows them to see a world full of relatives, how can they be unhappy.

Looking at the people leaving, Meg said to Laura in confusion: "Sister, shouldn't we follow? Let them study by themselves, they don't know what they will come up with." Meg was still a little worried. Yes, these people have at least been exposed to some radar theories, but they have never been exposed to it, so it is really hard to say what results they will research and how long it will take.

But Laura shook her head and said with a smile: "Don't worry, don't worry, nothing will happen. You have to believe in their abilities. They are definitely not lacking in abilities. They just lack a little bit of knowledge and knowledge." With a little flexibility, as long as we click on them, they will naturally know what is going on."

Meg and the others were not saying anything. Laura glanced at a few people, smiled slightly and said: "Let's go back too. Although we have the help of formation skills and can practice very quickly, we still have no way to attack the enemy." , but we are far behind. We must think of a way and have our own means of attacking the enemy. Fortunately, Brother Hai has already said that we can integrate the divine machine into what we know now, then I I don’t think we need to change too much. We just need to integrate the magic machine with our skills, but this also takes time. This is why I don’t want everyone to participate in radar research this time, because we You need to improve your own strength.”

Meg and the others were stunned for a moment, and then they all understood what Laura meant. They all nodded and responded. Laura smiled slightly, stood up, and led a few people outside. After arriving outside, they directly They used the teleportation array to return to the space. After returning to the space, they found a few people watching the situation in the sect, while the others went into seclusion.

The training of monks is generally divided into two types: internal strength and external strength. Internal strength is naturally the practice of spiritual energy, or those methods of body training. These are all internal strength. They make your body stronger and your spiritual energy stronger. This It's the basis. And external skills are those martial arts, which are used to attack people.

If a person only practices external skills and does not practice internal skills, he is like a person who does not practice strength but only practices sword skills. It is of no use at all. You can't even lift a knife, so how can you deal with it? Enemy, if you only practice internal skills and not external skills, it's like you are practicing strength every day, but you don't know how to use this strength. There is no way to use your strength in attacks, which is also not possible.

Therefore, monks need to practice both internal and external skills. In the past, Laura and the others were not very good at both internal and external skills, but now they have formation skills, and their internal skills are considered good, but they Their external skills are not very good. Some of the attack methods they used in the past are no longer suitable for them to use now. As Laura said before, there is no need to make too many changes, but that is all, their previous attacks It is too difficult to combine the methods with the divine machine. After all, the levels of their previous methods were too low, and they are too far away from the current methods. Therefore, they actually use the divine machine as their weapon now. host.

The reason why half of the people are watching the situation outside is because they are in charge of too many things now. The logistics department and Shenji Hall, although they seem to be just two departments, there are many things included in them. For example, the Logistics Department includes three major departments: Logistics Department, Lingzhi Hall, and Spirit Beast Hall. In addition to the Shenji Hall, they have a lot of things to take care of, and these departments can be said to be all It is very important that the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect can be directly equated. In this case, it is naturally impossible for them to completely let go. They must leave half of them to watch. Otherwise, they may Something could really go wrong.

As for the famous ones, after receiving Laura's prompt, they immediately started to take action. Each of them seemed extremely excited. They immediately formed a group of several people and went to conduct experiments, just like Labor. What La said was that they had to find a sound wave that could not be discovered by others, could travel far, and could come back. Only in this way could they make this magic weapon.

Fortunately, when they passed through the sound wave interface, they had seen all kinds of sound waves, and there were even several kinds of sound waves that could do this. Now they just need to find the one that suits them best. This is not An easy thing, so they divided into several groups to conduct experiments.

They could also do these experiments in the real illusion, but they did not attack the real illusion. After they completed the experiment here, they would immediately proceed to the next step. And sometimes, in the real illusion, there were still It's really inconvenient.

Although the real illusion is called the real illusion, there is really almost no difference from the outside world, but the difference is only in these two words, "almost". These two words are really terrible, almost, and "like being famous" These two words are the most important thing in what they do. What they want is precision and precision. Words like these must not appear.

It is precisely because of this that they have some particularly important experiments that cannot be carried out in the real illusion. They can only conduct experiments outside, which is also something that cannot be done.

After more than ten hours of experiments, they finally found a sound wave that was most suitable for their use. This sound wave was called cloud wave. The propagation speed of this sound wave was not very fast, but it was really Silent and invisible, it will not affect anyone, will not be heard by anyone, will not be felt by anyone, and will not be discovered by people's mental power. The most important thing is that his spread The distance is very far, and the reflectivity is very strong. After many experiments, this kind of cloud wave is the most suitable sound wave for them to use, and it is also the most suitable sound wave for making radar.

Laura told them the name Radar. After hearing the name, they didn’t know why Laura and the others gave such a strange name to the magic weapon they had not yet researched, but they didn’t say anything, it was just a name. , it doesn’t matter what you call it.