c7232 Exit

Wen Wenhai saw that everyone was silent, and then he continued: "We can only wait for news now to see if Lao Wen and the others have disappeared, and everyone should also think of a way to see if there is any way. Let’s solve the current situation. Okay, let’s all disperse and think of a solution when we get back.” Everyone nodded, then turned and left.

Not long after everyone left, they heard two loud noises. As soon as they heard the noise, Wen Wenhai and the others already knew that the enemy had also left such trap formations in the other two cities. The two sounds must have been caused by White Eyes activating the trap array.

Hearing this voice, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief and frowned at the same time. He knew very clearly that even though they had broken the trap formations in the two cities now, once the enemy really It would be very troublesome to use this method on a large scale, and don't forget that the enemy has the power of the Shadow Clan's law to help them. If the power of the Shadow Clan's law really comes up with the forbidden air method, When the formation comes, that is not a good thing for them.

Just as he was thinking about this matter, Bai Yan came in from outside. He saluted Wen Wenhai and said, "Elder Wen, you have already destroyed the magic circles in the other two cities. I'm still here this time." I really thought of a way. The enemy's trap array must meet certain conditions before it will be triggered. So why don't we just let the energy beast open the way in front of us, so we don't have to worry about the trap. Is it a magic circle?"

When Wen Wenhai heard what Bai Yan said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he nodded and said: "This is feasible, but it will also affect our forward speed. We'd better wait and see what happened to them first. It’s not that they can create something that can break this kind of trap circle. As long as they can break this trap circle, then we don’t have to worry about the enemy using this kind of thing to deal with us."

Bai Yan nodded, then bowed to Wen Wenhai, said goodbye and left. After Bai Yan left, Wen Wenhai turned his attention to the matter at hand again. The method Bai Yan said was feasible, but not In the end, he really didn't want to use this method, because he felt that this method was not very good. Although he only lost one energy beast, he still didn't want to do it because it would have a great impact on their actions. .

What Wen Wenhai didn't know was that now that they were all very excited after hearing the name, they had already deduced all the formation talismans of the Yasha clan, precisely because all the formation talismans were given to them. After deducing it, they were so excited because they really didn't expect that a magic circle could be so powerful, especially a trap magic circle that they didn't pay much attention to before.

The Blood Killing Sect actually doesn't pay much attention to the trap formation, because the Blood Killing Sect is always in a state of fighting, and they are almost always in an offensive state. It is precisely because of this that this kind of trap formation, for them, It's really useless. Otherwise, it will become a drag on them. If you set up a large trap array outside your camp, it will not only block the enemy, but also block yourself if you want to attack. At that time, those trap formations must be cleared, otherwise you will not be able to attack. Because of this, the Blood Killing Sect has not paid much attention to the trap formations.

Another reason is that trap arrays can generally only be arranged on the ground, and there are very few trap arrays that can be directly arranged in the air. First, because there is no carrier, if the trap array can function in the air, it can only Use the method of forming an array in the void, but it is difficult not to emit energy fluctuations with this method. A trap array with energy fluctuations is not a successful trap array, because it is easy to be discovered, especially monks. , The spiritual power of monks is very strong. If they can't detect abnormal energy fluctuations, then it's called a ghost.

You can't set up a magic circle in the air, you can only set it up on the ground. But unless there are some special circumstances, monks' battles often take place in the sky. If you set up a trap on the ground A magic circle, but the enemy is fighting in the sky, so what is the use of this trap magic circle? Even if you detonate this trap circle, it is impossible to explode the enemy, so the trap circle is useless.

But this time they were very excited when they saw this kind of trap formation of the Yasha clan. The power of this kind of formation is very huge. Even if the formation is placed on the ground, it can hurt people in the air. Man, this is really powerful. This is the most powerful trap formation they have ever seen. This makes Benyu, who is a fan of formations, famous, how can they not be excited.

Wen Wenhai saw the changes in Wen Yuming before. In fact, it was very simple. It was because Wen Yuming was at a critical moment of breakthrough, so his rationality was so strange, and his breakthrough was different from that of ordinary people. Similarly, most people are in retreat, but he must conduct research, mainly studying the magic circle. Only when he reaches a certain point can he truly make a breakthrough, and now is the critical moment.

It is precisely because Wen Yuming's breakthroughs are different from others that he is more interested in these new magic formations. He really wants to see what kind of magic formations it is that can give him a chance to completely break through. , this is very important to him, so Wen Yuming is now more interested in studying new magic circles.

In order to conquer this magic circle as soon as possible, Shenji Hall also gathered all the magic circle masters in Shenji Hall, and they also entered the real illusion to study. Because in the real illusion, there is the ability to accelerate time. They studied there for ten hours, and only one hour passed outside. This kind of acceleration ability is very important to researchers like them.

However, it is not an easy task to research this kind of magic circle, because they have not obtained any talisman of this kind of magic formation at all, not even a single talisman, and they have never seen this kind of magic formation. What they know about the magic circle is the energy residue after the explosion of the magic circle. From these energy residues, they can deduce what kind of energy the talisman left behind, and then use these talismans in turn to perform countermeasures. By extension, this kind of trap formation can be derived.

Wen Wenhai and the others were also very clear that Wen Yuming and their research this time was very difficult, so they did not rush Wen Yuming and the others, but just waited for the results. At the same time, they were also making preparations, just wanting to see , can you find a way to deal with this kind of trap array through your own efforts?

But so far, it is really difficult. They have never seen this kind of trap array, and their ability in the array itself is far worse than what they are famous for, so they want to It is really not easy to find a way to break the trap circle.

But at this time, Zhao Hai appeared. He had consumed all the energy in his Dantian, and turned a total of more than 500 talismans into spherical arrays. These spherical arrays, each There will be one every twenty formation talismans, like a string of pearls, pierced by a chain.

But now the energy in his Dantian has disappeared and been exhausted. It needs to be replenished for a period of time before making the next spherical magic circle, so he is out of seclusion now. He knows very well that he has been in seclusion and has not been seen. It's a good thing to get it. If you stay in seclusion for too long, people's hearts may have an irritable mood. This kind of mood is not necessary, because if it is not handled well, it will produce inner demons. If it goes too far, it is not a good thing. .

Although Zhao Hai's mental skills make him not afraid of inner demons, the inner demons are like a supplement to him, but if inner demons always occur, it will have an impact on the monk's state of mind. Zhao Hai Hai naturally wouldn't do this, so he decided to take a good rest for a while.

As soon as Zhao Hai came out of seclusion, Laura and the others immediately told Zhao Hai about the matter. When Zhao Hai heard what Laura and the others said, he was also very curious. He really wanted to know what the enemy used this time. What kind of method could actually achieve this, so he immediately stopped coming out of the space and came directly to the side of the big pit.

When Zhao Hai appeared next to the big pit, some Blood Killing Sect disciples who had been guarding the big pit immediately spotted Zhao Hai. They were stunned for a moment, and then when they saw it was Zhao Hai, they immediately saluted to Zhao Hai. He said: "I have met the sect master." Some of them looked excited. Although they were disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they had also seen Zhao Hai's projection. This was the first time they saw Zhao Hai at such a close distance. So they were all a little excited.

Zhao Haixiang smiled and nodded at them and said: "Okay, everyone has worked hard. I just came out of the customs, so I came over to take a look." After saying that, he came to the edge of the big pit. There are still some residues in the big pit. There is some energy, but not a lot of energy. After a few days of consumption, the energy remaining in the pit is already very weak.

Zhao Hai moved and fell into the pit. He looked around in the pit, feeling the energy in the pit. At the same time, he also checked to see if there were any remnants of other things in the pit. He didn't believe that the people of the Yasha clan , it is obviously impossible that the formation talisman made by relying on these pure lands can generate such a large amount of energy.

He collected a lot of soil samples at different locations in the pit, and then put them all into his own space and asked the universal machine to analyze them. The results surprised him. Many soil samples in this space were all It is not a pure pure land, but contains many other things, the most common of which are the bones of fat cows, and some are similar to Yasha teeth, which really surprised Zhao Hai.

After collecting all these things, Zhao Hai moved directly to Shenji Hall. As soon as he entered the advanced laboratory area of ​​Shenji Hall, he was stunned because it was too quiet here. When he came here, it was still very lively, with people coming and going, including those in the laboratory, but today it was very quiet, with no one around, which made him very upset. curious.