c7236 success

At this time, Wen Yuming and the others were all holding the jade slip Laura gave them with shocked faces. The idea in the jade slip was something they had never thought of before. What shocked them even more was that Laura They have already conducted experiments, and the results are very good, which makes them not surprised.

After a while, Wen Yuming put away the jade slip. Before, they put the jade slip on the projection array and directly released the contents in the jade slip. Now that the contents have been released, Wen Yuming Naturally, he put the jade slips away. Then he looked at the other people and said in a deep voice, "What do you think?"

Zhang Hongliang spoke first: "The idea is very correct, and from the effect point of view, it is very close to the kind of magic circle used by the Yasha clan. It should not be wrong. We can also follow this idea, but there is also a problem here. , and it is still a very serious problem that must be solved.”

Wen Yuming was stunned for a moment, then looked at Zhang Hongliang with some confusion and said, "What's the problem? Please explain it carefully." Wen Yuming really didn't find any problem, so he looked at Zhang Hongliang so curiously. Although Zhang Hongliang has recently put most of his energy into the research of materials, he has never given up on the research of magic circles. It can be said that Zhang Hongliang is definitely a rare all-rounder in the entire Shenji Hall. Wen Yu Ming has always attached great importance to his opinions.

Zhang Hongliang said: "It's a matter of the power of law. In order to test that magic circle, several ladies used the blessing of the power of law to have this effect. But if we test the formation talisman of the Yaksha clan, Here, it is impossible to get the blessing of the power of law. In this case, our experiments will not be able to achieve the best results, and there may even be certain errors, which is very fatal."

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhang Hongliang said, he couldn't help but frown. He also discovered this problem, but to be honest, he really didn't have a solution to this problem now, which gave him a headache. Wen Yuming turned to the others and said, "This is indeed a problem. Do you have any solutions?"

Everyone also frowned. To be honest, they had no good solution. At this moment, the old man Jiusuan said: "Lao Wen, I really think this is not a problem. We are implementing this law." After making it, give it directly to the Alien Yaksha Clan, and ask them to bring this magic circle directly to the power of the Shadow Clan's Law, and then put it there. Maybe this can make the Power of the Shadow Clan's Law think that it is It is a trap magic circle left by the Yasha clan. We will break this law by then. By doing so, we may be able to test the true power of this magic circle. The most important thing is that we don’t have to use it yet. Wouldn’t it be better to experiment in space and cause damage to space?”

Upon hearing what Elder Jiu Suan said, everyone's eyes couldn't help but light up. Zhang Hongliang also said with bright eyes: "Okay, Elder Jiu Suan's method is good. I think this method is absolutely feasible. Now our materials have been studied Now that we have the idea, we can start making the magic circle right away. As long as the magic circle is successfully made and the test is over, we can create a method to restrain this magic circle."

Everyone nodded, and after hearing the name, they immediately spoke: "Then what are you waiting for? Get moving right away. Let's make the array now. By the way, if there is anything you don't understand, follow me right away. I said, I will specifically ask the ladies for advice, go ahead." Everyone responded, and then immediately started moving.

The process of making the magic circle was very smooth. They are people who have been dealing with the magic circle. Naturally, they know very well what the function of this magic circle is, so when they are making it, , no problems were encountered, and the magic circle was quickly completed.

After the law system was completed, Wen Yuming immediately wrote to Laura and the others, saying that they wanted to send the magic circle to the shadow clan's power of law for testing. Laura immediately agreed, and she She was also having a headache before about how to borrow the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but she didn't expect that they would actually come up with such a method after hearing about it. This was really great, and she naturally couldn't help it. Reason to agree.

As soon as they heard that Laura agreed, they immediately handed over the law directly to Shu Li, asking him to ask the alien Yaksha to bring it to the power of the Shadow Clan's law, and then find an opportunity to put it down and do it. Mark it out, and then they can conduct experiments. This step is very important.

Naturally, Shun Li would not object. He immediately made arrangements and placed a very small space equipment on one of the alien yakshas, ​​allowing them to find an opportunity to put down the magic circle. Those alien yakshas , although they have not fully opened their spiritual intelligence, there is still no problem in letting them do some such things.

And just when the alien Yaksha left the Blood Killing Sect, even Laura and the others came to the headquarters in person, preparing to watch this test. They really had great expectations for this test. Naturally, Wen Wenhai and the others were all here at the headquarters, so everyone was looking at the projection. Until the alien yashas completely disappeared, they did not look away, and everyone still focused their attention on the projection.

At this moment, a red dot suddenly appeared on the projection. When they saw the red light, everyone was shocked. The red dot was the location of the trap circle. It seemed that those alien yakshas had already Put that trap circle into the power of Shadow Clan's laws.

Wen Wenhai calculated the distance, and then said in a deep voice: "The location is about three hundred miles away from our shield. It is a good place to place a trap array. I have heard them say before that the explosion of that array The energy range should be about a hundred miles. As long as the power of the trap array reaches this distance, it will be considered a success."

Everyone nodded. Laura looked at the red dot and said solemnly: "This time it depends on the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Will it bless the trap circle? If so, the power can reach The effect we want, if it is not blessed, it would be good to have one tenth of the power."

Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then he looked at the Blood Killing Battle Fort that was moving towards the Blood Killing Sect's protective barrier, and said: "Lao Bai and the others are dispatched, and it looks like it will start soon." He just said this After that, they saw that the Blood Killing Battle Fort had stopped, and then countless energy beasts flew out from the Blood Killing Battle Fort and rushed towards the red dot.

Soon, waves of energy beasts disappeared directly at the location of the red dot. Everyone held their breath and stared fixedly at the location of the red dot. At this moment, Suddenly, the red dot disappeared, and then they saw a red light projected into the sky, stirring up the power of the Shadow Clan's laws around them.

When they saw this situation, everyone was stunned at first, and then their eyes suddenly lit up. Wen Wenhai suddenly stood up and said in a deep voice: "It's successful. Look at it like this. This explosion... The power will definitely not be too small. We really succeeded." After saying that, Wen Wenhai immediately said to Shu Li who was sitting next to him: "Shen Li, let those alien yakshas immediately report the situation at the explosion site. Send it back to us directly, quickly."

Shun Li responded, and then he closed his eyes. After a while, he opened his eyes, turned to look at everyone and said, "The order has been given, and the image will be sent back soon." Everyone nodded. , all of them looked at the projection with bright eyes, waiting for the image to be transmitted back.

About a quarter of an hour later, they suddenly saw a wave of fluctuations in the projection in front of them, and then a scene changed on the projection. As soon as they saw this scene, everyone couldn't help but take a breath, and saw the current scene on the projection. A large pit appeared. The diameter of this large pit really reached about a hundred miles, and the depth reached nearly a thousand meters. Such a huge pit was almost the same as what they had seen before, the giant pit in the city of the Yasha clan. pit compared to the.

As soon as they saw this huge pit, everyone couldn't help but let out a long sigh, and then they all cheered. Wen Wenhai even stood up and said: "Okay, great, it's successful, it's really successful, hurry up, give me the chance." Send a letter to Shenji Hall and tell them that the test is successful and they can proceed to the second step." Shenji Hall did not send anyone here, so Wen Wenhai immediately sent someone to write a letter to Shenji Hall, although Li Ji and the others are sitting here, but Wen Wenhai and the others know very well that Li Ji and the others don't actually care much about the affairs in Shenji Hall.

Soon after they heard about it, news came from them that they had begun research. Obviously, although they did not come to the headquarters, they were more concerned about this experiment than anyone else, and they should also At Shenjitang, they watched the whole experiment, so they knew it was successful immediately, and naturally started researching it immediately, because they knew very well that their research was related to They didn't even have time to celebrate and just threw themselves into the research.

At this time, Laura and the others also stood up. As soon as they saw Laura and the others, Wen Yuming and the others also stood up. They all looked at Laura and the others, wanting to hear what Laura and the others said. Have something to say. The identities of Laura and the others are there, and sometimes what they say is equivalent to what Zhao Hai says, and they cannot be ignored.

Laura glanced at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Don't be nervous, everyone. The success of this test means that what we did before was right. Then I believe that with the strength of Lao Wen, they will be able to do it in a short time. They have come up with a cracking method, so you should be prepared. I have heard that they have come up with a cracking method and we are about to start. There is one more thing that you must pay attention to. This is far from the last time. It has been a long time since we faced off against the Shadow Clan people. If the Shadow Clan people really want to mobilize all the power of the world to deal with us, I believe it will be very soon, so you must be careful."