c7235 basic rules

Ding Chunming, Sheng Si and Cheng Wanchun are all managing special training disciples now. They are all the most loyal to Zhao Hai. Ding Chunming is Zhao Hai's servant, and Sheng Si is Zhao Hai's adopted son. However, he has never been as famous as Wulong. It was not until several confrontations with enemies on these interfaces that the people of the Blood Killing Sect became aware of his strength.

Cheng Wanchun is even more low-key. He doesn't seem to have any outstanding achievements, but if we really talk about it, he is also a very important figure. What he is best at is actually cultivating disciples. Now he is specially cultivating disciples. , rather than being trained by Ding Chunming and the others, it is better said that Cheng Wanchun is training. Ding Chunming and Sheng Si both like to practice. In addition to entertaining those disciples, they spend most of their time in Practice by yourself, but Cheng Wanchun is really managing.

Zhao Hai directly found Ding Chunming and asked him to call Sheng Si and Cheng Wanchun to his room. After the two arrived, Zhao Hai looked at the few people and said, "I called you here today. I want to give you a technique. There are still very few people practicing this technique. Only Laura and I have practiced it. Now it is handed over to you. Without my order, it must not be passed on to others. Do you understand?"

Ding Chunming and the others immediately responded, and Zhao Hai then took out three jade slips and gave them to the three of them, and then said: "The jade slips given to you are all different because you have different ways of practicing. , so I made three jade slips, carefully read the contents on the jade slips, and understood them carefully. If there is anything you don’t understand, come and ask me right away, do you understand?"

The three people responded in unison, and Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Look, I'm right here. If you don't understand anything, just ask me right away." The three people responded and immediately said He input his spiritual power into the jade slip. After reading the contents in the jade slip, the three of them were stunned for a moment, and then became ecstatic. They looked at it carefully. This jade slip not only contained the current practice methods of formation skills. , and some introductions about the combination of divine machine and formation skills. Of course, the most important thing is how to perfectly combine the skills they practice with the divine machine, so they take it very seriously.

Although the three of them are not as famous as Wen Wenhai and others in the Blood Killing Sect, their training talents are no worse than Wen Wenhai, and even surpass Wen Wenhai, so their vision is also very unique. Dao, his understanding is also good. After reading the exercises, although everyone has some things that they don't understand, there are not many, and they are solved quickly.

After Zhao Hai finished explaining to them, he turned to the three of them and said: "You guys practice well, I'm going to find Zhu Yong and Gouzi, add a Wulong, Gu Yuanzheng and Shu Be careful with them, you people are the ones who have learned this technique, except for you, no one else has learned it, so don’t teach this set of techniques to others."

The three of them responded, and Zhao Hai left Ding Chunming's room in a flash. As soon as Zhao Hai left, Sheng Si and Cheng Wanchun immediately returned to their rooms and started practicing directly, although they already knew They have learned this set of exercises, but it will take a lot of time to practice this set of exercises. After all, now they have added two more sets of exercises to the training method they are most familiar with. This is also It requires a process of adaptation.

Zhao Hai also went to meet Zhu Yong and the others. Everyone left a piece of jade slip and asked them not to tell anyone about this matter. He didn't want to promote this set of exercises on a large scale yet because this set of exercises is still not available. He was not very mature, so he asked Zhu Yong and the others not to tell anyone about learning this set of exercises.

After doing this, Zhao Hai returned to the space. At this time, Laura and the others had finished their work and were now talking to Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming and the others were also preparing to conduct experiments. They had already produced I have found that kind of magic circle and are currently making final confirmations, but I am on the phone with Laura and the others because I am worried that something will go wrong.

Zhao Hai did not disturb them, but returned to his room and began to think about one thing. This matter was nothing else but the improvement of the real illusion. Zhao Hai has long wanted to make an improvement in the Real Illusion. Now the Real Illusion can be said to be very perfect. However, in Zhao Hai's opinion, the Real Illusion still has a big shortcoming. This shortcoming is that in the Real Illusion, In the real illusion, there is no way to practice spiritual energy. This is the biggest shortcoming of the real illusion.

This didn't seem to matter in the past. After all, they could practice outside, but Zhao Hai wanted the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to practice in the real illusion, and what they practiced was spiritual energy. , and the most important thing is that he wants to add the ability to accelerate time to the real illusion. This is what Zhao Hai wants to achieve most.

Just imagine what would happen if Zhao Hai really did it. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had practiced for ten hours in the real illusion, but only one hour had passed outside. The disciples have ten times more training time than others. Add in the skills practiced by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, who else can be their opponent? So Zhao Hai really wanted to make such an improvement, but he also knew that it was very difficult, very difficult.

In this world, there are two basic laws, one is time and the other is space. Without these two basic laws, this world will not exist, people will not exist, and the world will return to chaos. State, so these two basic laws are also the foundation of the entire world. They are two laws that no one can fully understand.

Some people will say that he has understood the laws of space, but they are just some superficial laws of small spaces. No one can fully understand the real laws of space, because the real laws of space are very huge. He No one can control it.

The same goes for the law of time. Just think about it. Without the law of time, you would not have any past. Now and in the future, everything would be chaos. Without the law of space, it would be the same. You would not have anything between front, back, left, right, up and down. points, let alone the concept of all directions. Without the laws of space, you will be in a state of chaos.

Therefore, these two laws are the basic laws of the entire world, and they are very important laws. The real illusion that Zhao Hai wants to create was previously just equivalent to an illusion. The so-called acceleration of time is nothing more than people's mental power. To a certain extent, it is just strengthened, which is nothing extraordinary.

But the reform that Zhao Hai is going to carry out now is completely different. He allows people to practice there and accelerate time there. That is terrible, because it is tantamount to destroying time and space. The most terrifying thing is to make an improvement to the law.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai's improvement this time is very difficult, but Zhao Hai feels that it is very necessary, because he feels that it is time to take this step out of the real illusion. This step is not only for The Blood Killing Sect was also of great help to him.

As long as he really makes this improvement, the Blood Killing Sect can cultivate a large number of masters in a short period of time. This is really important to the people of the Blood Killing Sect. What the Blood Killing Sect lacks now is He is the master. In the entire Blood Killing Sect, he is the only real master, and the others are not very strong, including Fajing and the others. Fajing and the others are second-rate in Wanshan Realm. Masters, and now their strength has been improved, that is, they have reached the level of first-class masters, but compared to the real masters in those sects, they are really far behind.

Zhao Hai is very clear that the people of the Blood Killing Sect will definitely confront those sects in the future. At that time, the Blood Killing Sect will not be afraid of anyone in the fight between the disciples. Zhao Hai They are still very confident, but at the level of top experts, it is absolutely impossible for them to be the opponents of those sects. By that time, the Blood Killing Sect will suffer a big loss. Zhao Hai will never allow this to happen. This is a situation, so he must make some preparations.

One is that this upgrade to the real illusion is also an opportunity for Zhao Hai, because in this upgrade, a large number of time laws and space laws will be used, which is very important for Zhao Hai to understand these two laws. It is a great help. He does not need to fully understand these two laws, and he cannot do it, but as long as he can understand some superficial aspects of these two laws, it will be enough for him to benefit endlessly.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai decided to upgrade the real illusion. This was also a challenge for himself. If he succeeded this time, his future would be limitless. He believed that he would succeed. He never thought But he will fail because he has already made full preparations.

What Zhao Hai said about being fully prepared was not a joke. Don't forget that when he was in the lower realm, there was a time difference between the lower realm and the lower realm. A day in the upper realm would be the same as in the lower realm. After a year, such a time difference is very scary. When Zhao Hai was in the lower realm, he got the Haizong into the Xuanwu space. This in itself was a very remarkable thing, even though he used The method of space merging, but without some insights on time, it is absolutely impossible to do it. In addition to multiple space merging, his understanding of the laws of space is much deeper than others, so Zhao Hai I am very confident that he will succeed this time.

His strength is no longer weak now. What he wants is the understanding of the great road, and what is the great road? The law is the great road. What do monks pursue? Immortality! Whether it is time or space, as long as he can understand the same two laws, then he has reached the real avenue, and it is the widest, flattest, and straightest avenue in the world. That's why Zhao Hai is so successful. Heart, this is not just a magical weapon upgrade, it is related to his destiny.