c7234 test

Hai, Laura and the others were sitting in the room of the villa, looking at the experimental data of Laura and the others. After a while, Zhao Hai said: "Not bad, Laura. I really didn't expect that your experiment would be so successful. Now I heard that They haven't tested it to this point yet. By the way, do you think we should test it? Use cow bones and yaksha teeth as materials to make a formation talisman, and then conduct a test to see the effect."

Laura smiled and said: "Actually, it doesn't matter whether we try it or not. Although there is also the power of curse in our space, it does not have the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. I think the power of the Shadow Clan's laws must be at full strength now." To help the Yaksha Clan, this kind of magic circle would not be so powerful without the help of the Shadow Clan's law, so it is useless to conduct experiments."

Zhao Hai thought for a while, then said: "I do know some data about those cow bones and yaksha teeth. We can select some things similar to their data from our materials, and then refine them. After making the array talisman, I will conduct an experiment. In space, I can control the laws of space and let the laws of space add power to this array, so maybe I will know its power."

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help but be stunned. Then she nodded and said: "This is a good idea. Okay, let's do it like this. Brother Hai, you will prepare the materials, and then we will conduct the test. In this way, maybe we can make this magic circle. By the way, Brother Hai, you said that magic circle can only be triggered under special conditions. How did the enemy do this?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Maybe they have wrapped another layer of magic circle outside this magic circle. This is a defensive magic circle. As long as a certain amount of pressure is given to it, it will break. And A broken defensive array will naturally release this array and explode directly."

Laura's eyes lit up, and then she said in a deep voice: "Okay, Brother Hai, go and prepare the materials and refine the formation talisman. Let's design this kind of magic formation. I really don't believe it. With our abilities, we The trap array produced will be worse than those Yashas." After speaking, Laura followed Meg and the others, and walked to the optical brain, ready to start designing this kind of array.

Zhao Hai looked at the backs of Laura and the others and couldn't help but smile slightly. He shook his head and didn't say anything. Instead, he closed his eyes and began to compare the data on cow bones and yaksha teeth with some of the existing data in his hand. Compare the data to see if you can find materials similar to their data.

Soon Zhao Hai found out that the cow bones could be replaced by the demon bones of a large demonic beast. The data of this animal bone was very similar to that of the cow bones. Zhao Hai had left many of these demonic beasts in the past. There are animal bones, but the Blood Killer Sect uses relatively little animal bones as a material, so he has not used them too much, but now there are quite a few. ,

And the role of this kind of monster in the Blood Killer Sect is actually very simple, which is to provide meat for the Blood Killer. In fact, its status is similar to that of Fat Ox in the Yaksha Realm. His advantage is also that he is huge. The large amount of meat produced made Zhao Hai discover that there are actually many inconspicuous things in the space. If you use them well, they can play a huge role.

As for the yaksha teeth, there really is nothing that can replace them. In the end, Zhao Hai used the traction crystal, and he input some energy into the traction crystal and used the traction water to replace the yaksha teeth. Although this was very wasteful, but It's worth it for the sake of experimentation. After all, the traction crystal is no longer an important material in the Blood Killing Sect, but Laura and the others have always controlled the output of the traction crystal.

Zhao Hai then opened the materials and refined them together to make some talismans. These talismans were enough to make a spherical magic array. After doing this, Zhao Hai took these things and came to find Laura and the others. He did not put the formation talisman together, but asked Laura and the others to do it themselves, because Zhao Hai knew very well that it was Compared to him putting together the formation symbols, Laura and the others preferred the feeling of doing it themselves.

Laura and the others also designed the magic circle at this time. When they saw Zhao Hai coming in with the magic talisman, they couldn't help but snatch the magic talisman from Zhao Hai's hand, and then several women took it Going to the side, they were chatting and discussing while assembling the magic circle.

But what surprised Zhao Hai was that Laura and the others took out some ordinary talismans, and then formed another magic circle outside the spherical magic circle. With Zhao Hai's eyes, he naturally discovered that this spell The formation has two functions, one is the illusion formation, and the other is the defensive formation. This also made Zhao Hai understand what was going on.

Laura and the others are imitating the traps of the Yaksha clan to the greatest extent. Why did the previous alien Yaksha not find the magic circle in that city? It may be because the magic circle used the magic circle, so they didn't find it. , and the defensive ability allows this magic circle to have a certain resistance. As long as the outer defensive magic circle is broken under certain attacks, the magic circle inside will be touched and an explosion will occur.

Zhao Hai really appreciates what Laura and the others have done. Laura and the others are now completely able to stand alone. They need strength and means, and it is precisely because of their presence that Zhao Hai can now rest assured. They go to retreat, because they can handle whatever happens to the Blood Killing Sect.

Seeing Laura and the others busy, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. Then he thought about it and made a few jade slips directly, preparing to send them to others after this experiment was completed. The Ancient Expedition Association There is one piece, Shu Li and Cang Ming will each have one, Ding Chunming, Sheng Si, and Cheng Wanchun will also each have one. These people are all Zhao Hai's hearts, and the jade slips Zhao Hai gave them are the formation skills. The improved card, of course, is the improved version given to Laura and the others. The one he is using now, which turns all the talismans into spherical magic circles, is still not allowed to be given to them. It is too dangerous. , they still have no way to practice.

At the same time, Zhao Hai is also preparing to explain to them some of the training methods of Shenji, so that they can know how the Shenji is practiced. Just like a master of physical training like Ding Chunming, he In fact, it is also possible to practice the divine machine. The divine machine is all-encompassing and any technique can be practiced. Therefore, he must also explain the training methods of the divine machine to Ding Chundan and the others. Of course, the most important thing is Yes, he must also let Ding Chunming and the others know how beneficial it would be to combine divine machine and formation skills.

While he was thinking about these things, Laura and the others had already finished making the magic circle. In front of them, there was a magic circle that was only the size of a football. However, Laura and the others were very excited, surrounding the magic circle. Looking at the magic circle carefully, Zhao Hai also stood up and walked over.

This magic circle looks very ordinary. Now it looks like a black iron ball. There is nothing special. Even Zhao Hai can't feel it at all. There are energy fluctuations in this magic circle. He knows that this is The relationship between the phantom formation and this made him even more curious about this magic formation.

Laura turned to look at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Hai, let's go try it." Zhao Hai naturally would not object. He directly led Laura and the others out of the room, and then came to the sea and came to an endless This small island is in the sea and not very far from the coastline. Laura and the others immediately put the magic circle on the island, and then they withdrew from the island.

When they arrived at the island, Laura and the others turned to look at Zhao Hai. There was a trace of excitement and a trace of anxiety on their faces, just like a little girl who wanted to light firecrackers but was a little scared. , looks very cute. When Zhao Hai saw their appearance, he couldn't help but feel warm in his heart. Then he smiled and said: "It's okay, this magic circle was made by your own hands. No one knows it better than you. Go ahead and test it out. "

Laura and the others nodded, then she turned to look at the other women, and then said: "Let's come together and attack the magic circle directly. As long as his shell is broken, he will explode. Then we will You know his power." Several other people also nodded, and then they stretched out their hands at the same time, and then a burst of energy shot out from their hands and directly shot into the magic circle.

There was a loud bang, and the whole island seemed to shake a few times. When everything calmed down, Zhao Hai and the others were looking at the magic circle, but they found that the island had changed beyond recognition. There were still many people on the island. plants, but now in the middle of the island, a huge pit with a diameter of dozens of miles has appeared, and the depth of this pit has also reached several hundred meters. In other words, the magic circle is almost Just erase this small island from Space City.

Laura and the others stared blankly at the deep pit on the island. After a while, they cheered. They all knew very well that they succeeded. Judging from the power of this magic circle, they really succeeded. This should be It's the kind of trap circle used by the Yasha clan. The power of this circle is really beyond their expectation. It's only the size of a football, but it's so powerful. How can people not be surprised?

Zhao Hai also nodded, then he turned to Laura and the others and said with a smile: "Tell Wen Yuming and the others about your experimental results, so that they can avoid some detours. I'll go see Chunming and the others. I have something to do." You have to tell them." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared from the space.

Laura and the others didn't care about Zhao Hai's departure. They knew that Zhao Hai had a lot of things to do, and they had long been used to it, so they returned to the room directly, and then conducted their experiments directly. They told Wen Yuming and sent all their test data to Wen Yuming. They kept very detailed records of the entire test process to ensure that Wen Yuming and the others would , you can test it right away.

After doing this, Laura and the others relaxed. They also felt very tired from this experiment, but of course, they were even more excited, because they were really very happy, very happy, this time the method The formation test was all done by themselves, how could they not be happy.