c7230 explode

At this time, Wen Wenhai was in the main hall, looking at everyone. They were preparing to attack again. The curse of the alien clan had been lifted, and everything in Shenji Hall had been resolved. Naturally, they were about to start an attack. Attacked, this time they captured two cities in one fell swoop. Their attack could be said to be very smooth, so they naturally took advantage of the opportunity to start.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Everyone has almost rested in the past few days. We must also prepare for the next attack. After advancing once, the shape of our Blood Killing Sect's base will be almost ready. Once it recovers, we will be able to imagine attacking in that direction, and then we can attack in that direction.”

Everyone said nothing, just looking at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai turned his head and glanced at Shu Li, and said solemnly: "Shen Li, tell me about your reconnaissance these days." Wen Wenhai still believed in Shu Li's ability. Yes, the alien clan has never disappointed people, so at this time, Wen Wenhai naturally wanted to listen to the reconnaissance report of Shu Li and the others, and then asked the staff to follow the reconnaissance report of Shu Li and the others, and then in Make a battle plan.

Shun Li responded and stood up. He looked at the crowd and said, "Three cities were found within a thousand miles in front of our attack direction, but the strange thing is that there are no enemies in these three cities. The protective shield was not opened, and those three cities have all become empty cities."

When Shun Li said this, everyone was stunned, even Wen Wenhai was stunned, because normally, as long as the enemy is not about to attack, Shun Li would not directly send it to Wen Wenhai, but would send it to Wen Wenhai. In the battle meeting before the attack, the information was given directly to Wen Wenhai and the others, so Wen Wenhai didn't even know about this information.

Now when he heard what Shu Li said, Wen Wenhai was a little confused. He looked at Shu Li and said, "What's going on? Did the enemy run away? They found that they were no match for us, so they just ran away?" Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that the enemy would run away, but when he thought that the Yasha clan also had its own wisdom inheritance, he didn't think there was anything strange.

Shun Li nodded and said: "It seems so, and he left in a hurry. Some rooms were not cleaned up, and the things inside are still there. The defensive array in the city was not opened, but the location of their inheritance array, But it was destroyed, and there was only an empty city standing there."

Wen Wenhai frowned and said, "But if an enemy leaves that city, won't that city just disappear? Didn't those Yaksha Clan cities we dealt with before disappear directly after we eliminated the Yaksha Clan? Is it already? Why is the city still there now?"

Shun Li shook his head and said: "I don't know, maybe it's because the city of the Yasha clan was destroyed by us before, but this time they left on their own initiative, so the city did not disappear. Cang Ming also sent people to see it. After we passed, the city was very clean, and no enemies were found."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It seems that the enemy may have really left, but even so, we can't be anxious. Let's do this. We will attack tomorrow, still in the previous attack formation, so everyone Be prepared for battle, and if this is some conspiracy by the enemy, we can respond as soon as possible."

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai's suggestion was very good. They should really be careful. In any case, this is the territory of the Yaksha clan, and the Yaksha clan here also uses curse circles. They can't. careless.

When Wen Wenhai saw that no one had any objections, he said directly: "Okay, everyone has no objections, so it's settled. Let's go back and make preparations. We will start the attack tomorrow." Everyone responded, and then stood up He stood up, bowed to Wen Wenhai, turned around and left.

Early the next morning, Gu Yuanzheng had already led the assembled army and began to advance slowly. Their advancing speed was not very fast. Although they did not see any enemies, they were still very careful because They know very well that here, they may encounter enemies at any time.

After two hours of marching, a city appeared in front of Gu Yuanzheng and the others. It was a city that could house millions of people. It looked no different from other cities of the Yasha clan, but it was actually an empty city. There is no protective shield on the city, and there is no forbidden air formation. The whole city is empty, like a ghost land.

Gu Yuanzheng ordered the army to stop advancing. They were still about twenty miles away from the city. He did not ask everyone to move forward. He just looked at the city with a calm face. There was nothing in the city, and there was no life at all. Unexpectedly, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but smile, and then he took out the communication array and said directly to the array: "Old Bai, use the sky full of fire to destroy the city, and we will not enter the city. "

In the communication circle, a white-eyed promise came, and then there was no sound. However, Yama Wang Ling, who had been standing aside, looked at Gu Yuanzheng with some confusion and said: "What's wrong, Old Gu? Why don't you go into the city?" ? This is the first complete city we snatched from the Yasha clan, why don’t you go in and have a look?"

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "I'm not going in. I'm worried that the enemy will leave some back-up in the city to deal with our back-up. That would be very dangerous, so there's no need to go in. Just destroy it." Well, this city is of little use to us anyway."

When the King of Hell heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "You mean, you are worried that the enemy has put a curse on the city. If we go in, we may be cursed?" King of Hell reminded the ancient expedition , also felt that this was possible, but he felt that it was unlikely, so he said with some confusion: "No way, didn't the alien yaksha go into that city? He wasn't cursed either. "As he said that, he turned to look at Shu Li.

Shun Li nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, there is indeed no curse in the city. Many alien yakshas have entered the city before, and nothing happened. There should be nothing to worry about, right?" Shun Li knew that, Although the alien race can now resist part of the curse, he will definitely know as long as they are cursed, but he has never felt that the aliens are cursed, so he is so sure.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "It's not just a curse. I'm afraid that the enemy has other methods. It's always better to be careful. This city is of no use to us anyway, so let Lao Bai destroy it." It'll be fine." Both Shu Li and Yama Wang Ling nodded, and at this moment, countless sky-filled fires were fired towards the city.

With a burst of explosions, the buildings in the city began to fall one by one, and the entire city became unrecognizable and riddled with holes. Gu Yuanzheng and the others didn't say anything, they just stood there and watched quietly, watching the city being destroyed bit by bit.

Just when nearly half of the buildings in the city were destroyed, Gu Yuanzheng's expression suddenly froze, because he felt that there seemed to be a different energy fluctuation in the city. Just as he was still thinking When wondering what the energy fluctuations in the city were, I suddenly heard a loud bang coming from the city. In the location of the city, a large mushroom cloud rose up, and the overflowing energy went straight towards the ancient city. Expedition they rolled over.

The giant beasts standing at the front of the entire army were blown straight back by the energy. Gu Yuanzheng and their bodies were also blown up. This surprised them all because they were now Even if you want to give an order, you can't do it, but fortunately, the energy is just the aftermath of the explosion. After the aftermath of the explosion completely disappears, the Blood Killing Sect's army has been shocked by the aftermath of the energy. There was chaos.

Upon seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng, who had just stabilized his body, couldn't help being shocked. He immediately took out the communication array and said loudly: "Everyone returns to the building immediately, and the casualties are counted, quickly." Then. Gu Yuanzheng flew straight towards the city, and soon he saw the original location of the city, but when he saw the location of the city, he was even more surprised, because the location of the city There was no city there for a long time, there was only a big pit, a big pit.

The diameter of this big hole is larger than that of the city, and the depth is about a thousand meters. Such a huge hole was something that Gu Yuanzheng had not thought of. It also made Gu Yuanzheng understand why the enemy left. This is the enemy. The enemy wants to leave an empty city behind, and then allow them to enter the city. When they enter the city, the city will explode immediately. With the current explosion power of the city, it will definitely kill all of them. However, no matter how many people entered the city, they would be blown to pieces. Even if they had several lives, they would disappear directly in such an explosion. This is really It's so terrible.

Gu Yuanzheng felt a deep chill in his heart. Fortunately, he was a little more careful. If he wasn't careful, he would really be doomed. Not only would he be doomed, but those giant beasts would also be doomed. The disciples who followed him would also be doomed, and maybe the Blood Killing Battle Castle that followed him would also be doomed.

When Gu Yuanzheng was thinking about these things, he suddenly felt that there were a few more people around him. He turned around and found that it was Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai and the others actually rushed to the front line in person and were standing there. Beside him, he looked at the big pit with a solemn expression. To be honest, it was really terrifying.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "What are the casualties?" Wen Wenhai was really worried about the casualties now. The power of this explosion was so powerful that even he who was sitting in the rear felt it. Shaking, the whole space seemed to be shaking. With such a powerful force, how could he not worry about the casualties of the Blood Killing Sect? You must know that they didn't even see the enemy now. Before this attack, they still wanted to Look, this may be their easiest attack. They only need to push the army through. However, he did not expect that the last thing he saw was such a scene. How could he not be surprised.