c7237 Tuntian.com

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded in unison. Indeed, in these years, countless things have proved to them one thing, that is, do not underestimate Shenji Hall. There is no normal person in Shenji Hall. , really can do anything. They have already created this kind of trap array, so it is too simple to find a way to deal with this kind of trap array, so they really should prepare Well, don't wait until the people at Shenji Hall figure out the cracking method. If they make a temporary battle plan, they will be one step behind. .

Laura looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, smiled slightly and said: "We won't care about the offensive. We will take care of the logistics and the Shenji Hall. You don't have to worry about anything, as long as you fight a good battle. Okay, Brother Hai is in seclusion, so you should take charge of it. If you really can’t make up your mind, come and tell us and we will make the decision. Even if our decision is made, wait until Brother Hai We will tell you when you are released, so you don’t have to worry.”

Wen Wenhai and others responded quickly, Laura smiled slightly, led Li Ji and the others, and left directly. After Laura and the others left, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath and turned to everyone: "Okay, everyone should know what we should do now, right? You go and organize the team and do everything you should do. Well, as for the battle plan, I will immediately ask the people at the staff department to prepare it. In fact, there is no need to equip anything. Our battle has always been based on stability. The methods used before have always been very suitable. Then Just take it out and use it, but I think there will still be some adjustments to the subtleties, but you don’t have to worry about anything, just go back and prepare.”

Everyone responded, then turned around and left, except Chang Jun who couldn't leave. After everyone left, Chang Jun said to Wen Wenhai: "Old Wen, this problem has been solved. Do you think we can use this method to deal with the Yaksha clan? If we can really use this method It would be great to deal with those Yaksha clan."

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "It's possible if we can, but I'm not going to do it. If we use this method to deal with the Yaksha Clan and the Shadow Clan's power of law, we will know that we have cracked them This is not a good thing for us. If the power of the Shadow Clan's laws adjusts their formation talismans at once, then the formation talismans we have mastered before will be useless again, so I'm not going to do that."

Chang Jun thought for a while, nodded and said: "It makes sense. I was too anxious. This is indeed the case. Okay, then I will go and prepare. I believe we can definitely teach those guys a lesson this time. Those guys Yasha is really cunning, and this time we really almost fell into their trap."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "So we still have to be stable. If Laogu hadn't been stable enough at that time, our losses would have been great this time. We have time and we are not in a hurry, so we can be stable, and the more we can The more stable we are, the more the enemy will be unable to do anything to us."

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "There is one more thing you should pay attention to. All the puppet disciples in our sect have gone into seclusion. These guys have gone into seclusion. This is really beyond my expectation. , why do you think they want to retreat?" Chang Jun was really curious. Those puppet disciples relied on the magic formations on their bodies. They didn't need to practice in retreat at all, so why did they need to retreat at this time? "

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Their retreat this time should be related to the spherical magic circle. Those puppet disciples, their strength comes from the magic circle, and our Blood Killing Sect's magic circle used to be It is a flat array, but now it is a spherical array. With the same area, we can arrange more than ten spherical arrays, and each spherical array can even be arranged into an array group. But not the flat array. The number of these arrays will be more than ten times different. I think this is the reason why those puppet disciples went into retreat. They should want to change all the arrays in their bodies into spherical shapes. If they can really do the magic circle, it will definitely be a good thing, their combat effectiveness will increase exponentially."

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, then said with a smile: "I have completely forgotten about this matter. It is very possible. The spherical magic circle is of great help to our Blood Killing Sect, let alone As for those puppet disciples, they rely on the magic circle to survive. Okay, then I have nothing else to do, so I will go back." Wen Wenhai nodded. He and Chang Jun both had their own Things are going to be busy, and now the entire command center actually relies on the two of them to direct and operate, so they can be said to be the two busiest people in the Blood Killing Sect.

In the following days, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was busy. The disciples who were preparing to fight also began to conduct planned training in the real illusion. However, the Shenji Hall was seizing the time to do research. After being busy for several days, Shenji Hall finally came up with a method to crack this magic circle on the fifth day after the experiment.

When Wen Wenhai heard that Yu Ming said that they had come up with a method to break the magic circle, he also attached great importance to it and immediately called everyone to the hall. When Wen Yu Ming arrived, he Everyone said: "Everyone, I called you here today because Lao Wen and they have developed the method of trapping the magic circle. Today I asked Lao Wen to explain it to us in detail." After finishing speaking, He nodded to Wen Yuming.

Hearing the name, he was not polite. He stood up directly, clasped his fists at everyone and said: "Okay, everyone, let me tell you about the cracking method we came up with this time. Everyone, this time we The cracking method we came up with is combined with a magic weapon we made before, which is our Sky-Swallowing Net, and we have improved the Sky-Swallowing Net, and installed the Sky-Swallowing Net into our equipment. On the bloody battle fort."

Speaking of this, Wen Yuming paused for a moment, and then said: "The power of the Sky-Swallowing Net is very powerful, but we have never been very satisfied with the power of the Sky-Swallowing Net, especially in large-scale battles. That's the case, so we made some changes. We are going to install the Sky-Swallowing Network's mother array on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. This will make it easier to control the Sky-Swallowing Network, and at the same time, it will also make the power of the Sky-Swallowing Network more powerful. Bigger.”

While talking about Wen Yuming, he took out a piece of jade slip, then walked to the front of the hall, and put the jade slip into the projection array. The projection array was distorted for a while, and soon a three-dimensional image appeared on the projection array. This projection is the Blood Killing Castle, and everyone sitting here is very familiar with it.

Wen Yuming pointed at the Blood Killing Battle Fort and said: "We are going to make changes to some of the magic arrays in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. The changes are not very big, it is just an extra control magic circle, and this control The magic circle will also be connected to the main detection magic circle of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, so it is very easy. It only takes a few days. I believe it can be improved. In the future, our Sky Swallowing Net can be directly used in the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Once controlled, the number of sub-formations like the Sky Swallowing Network will also be greatly increased."

Having said this, Wen Yuming glanced at everyone and said: "And this Sky-Swallowing Net Array can actually be used in other places, such as the sword wings that all our disciples are using now. Think of it like this, if the sword wings used by our disciples all have this ability to break formations, what would it be like? The last thing I want is that everyone should not be too busy. Our Tongtian Net has another A kind of energy, that is a seal. If all our spinning swords are released, and then the enemy can be sealed, what will it be like? But it cannot be fully promoted yet, and there are still some parts Needs to be dealt with, and most importantly, the use of the Sky Swallowing Net.”

Wen Yuming looked at everyone and continued: "Swallowing Sky Net can break the magic circle on the enemy's city. I believe the enemy also knows this. If the enemy is really in their city, there are traps. After we break the formation, the army enters the city. They are activating the trap formation, so our losses will definitely not be small. Although the previous Sky-Swallowing Net can seal that kind of formation, that kind of formation is It is easy to break. As long as the army enters the city, even if the magic circle is sealed, it may be crushed. At that time, this kind of trap magic circle can still play its role. This kind of trap magic circle is very effective. He uses the energy conflict between the array symbols to generate energy and exert its effects, so the sealing array may not be useful."

When Wen Yuming said this, he paused for a moment, and then continued: "We studied it and found that the enemy may be very withdrawn because they know that we have a sealing array, so they will make some changes. , for example, they will make this trap magic circle trigger-shaped. Once the city is attacked to a certain extent, the outer skin of the magic circle will be broken, and the two different energies inside will burst out immediately. , this is something that people have no way to control. By that time, even if we have the sealing array, it will be useless, so our Sky-Swallowing Net must make some changes. Our Sky-Swallowing Net will actually become another A shield for this situation.”

Everyone was stunned when they heard Yu Ming's words. They really didn't understand how the Sky-Swallowing Net could become a shield of another kind. If the Sky-Swallowing Net turned into a shield, how could they still attack? The Yaksha clan? Doesn't this make sense? However, they also believed that Wen Yuming would be able to do a good job, so they did not become famous. They just looked at Wen Yuming calmly and waited for Wen Yuming to continue speaking.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "When we were studying that kind of magic circle, we found that the materials used for the talisman of that magic circle would be very special, so we added a special energy to the Sky Swallowing Net. , as long as you encounter something made of these two materials, you will immediately put a layer of shield on the outside of these two things. This shield will be very strong, so that the ability of this magic circle to trigger , it will be blocked, we believe that there is another layer of cover on the outside of this magic circle, which completely separates this magic circle from the battlefield, so there will be no problem. "