c7231 trap

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "Still counting, but I believe it won't be too big. After all, we were just hit by the aftermath and were not directly bombed. If we were directly bombed, the consequences would be really unimaginable. Fortunately, it was only washed away by the aftermath, so the casualties should not be very heavy."

Wen Wenhai patted Gu Yuanzheng's shoulder hard and said: "Lao Gu, thank you this time. I heard Bai Yan said that if you hadn't been careful, we would have been in big trouble. I really didn't expect that the enemy There is such a method. I ordered the whole army to be stationed on the spot. I immediately asked Mrs. Li Ji to send out the people from Shenji Hall to see if anything can be found from this big hole. We must know. , What method did the enemy use to achieve this? It would be too dangerous if we never knew what method the enemy used."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "I have already ordered the formation of the team, and the casualty statistics should be available soon. After the formation of the team is completed, the order will be ordered to be stationed immediately so that Lao Bai can come up. The magic circle must be established to avoid The enemy sneak attack, the Yasha clan is indeed difficult to deal with."

Wen Wenhai didn't say anything, he just nodded to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "I'll leave the front line to you. After the arrangements are made, we will come back immediately. We must have a meeting to discuss carefully the methods used by the enemy this time. , it’s really scary, we have to discuss it carefully.”

Gu Yuanzheng responded and was talking when he suddenly saw a group of people appearing not far from them. When he saw the leader, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help being stunned. He quickly said: "Why is Lao Wen here? ?" He said while pointing at the group of people. The leader of that team was Wen Yu.

Gu Yuanzheng and the others have not seen Wen Yuming for a while. Wen Yuming has been busy studying the magic circle recently, and he also handed over the position of the leader of Shenji Hall, so they have not seen him for a long time. Now that he saw him, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but be a little surprised.

Wen Wenhai also saw Wen Yuming, but he was not surprised because of Wen Yuming's appearance. He was surprised because of Wen Yuming's temperament. Wen Yuming's temperament had obviously changed. His whole person now There is a mysterious feeling in my body. You clearly see him there, but he doesn't seem to be there. He seems to be far away from you, but also very close to you. He seems to be a real person, but also seems to be very close to you. It is a projection, and you can feel the intersection of various forces from his body. In the end, you will find that he seems to have been standing in a magic circle, which is very confusing.

Wen Yuming also saw them, he waved his hand directly, and those people from Shenji Hall who followed him immediately flew towards the big pit, but he arrived next to Wen Wenhai and the others, and said to several people He cupped his fists and said, "I just received an order from Mrs. Li Ji. She asked me to bring the veterans from Shenji Hall here to have a look. What's going on? Is there such a big noise this time?"

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I was just about to ask you. Let's take a look at the final result. To be honest, I didn't expect that such a big noise would be made this time. This is indeed a bit scary. We don't know how to do it now. You know, what method the enemy used to achieve this extent depends on the results of your investigation."

Wen Yuming nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Leave it to us." After saying that, he flew towards the big pit, ignoring Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming without saying anything, then turned to Gu Yuanzheng and nodded, then turned and left.

At this time, someone also reported the casualties to Gu Yuanzheng. As Gu Yuanzheng said, the casualties this time were not very heavy. No one died. Although some giant beasts were injured, they could not die. , after all, they were not at the center of the explosion. In addition, the people of the Blood Killing Sect had very strong defenses, so no one died. There were quite a few injured, but this was not a problem.

After the frontline matters were settled, Gu Yuanzheng returned to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect, and Wen Wenhai and the others were already waiting for him in the main hall. Everyone was discussing the matter in a low voice there. Everyone's There was a solemn expression on their faces. To be honest, this was the strongest blow they had ever seen. Although this blow obviously could not have been struck by one person, this blow was really powerful. This really surprised them. They really didn't expect that the Yasha clan could actually carry out such an attack.

As soon as he saw Gu Yuanzheng coming, Wen Wenhai stood up immediately and said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Lao Gu, how is the situation? How many casualties do we have?" This is what he is most concerned about, that is, he is worried that there will be too many casualties. If there were too many casualties, then they would have suffered a huge defeat this time.

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "Fortunately, there were only injured people and no one died. After all, we were just hit by the aftermath. Now that the defensive formation has been erected, everything should be fine. Lao Wen is still there to check. The situation should come back after a while, so don’t worry.”

After hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. Wen Wenhai also breathed a sigh of relief, and then said: "Okay, it's okay. I'm really worried that the casualties will be heavy this time. By the way, Lao Gu, You were the person closest to that city at that time, tell me, how did that city become like that?"

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, they all turned their attention to Gu Yuanzheng. They also wanted to know what happened there at that time and why it became like that, so they all looked at Gu Yuanzheng and wanted to hear Listen to what Gu Yuanzheng will say. After all, what Gu Yuanzheng said is the first-hand information they want to know.

Gu Yuanzheng frowned and said: "To be honest, I really don't know what happened at that time. We saw the empty city at that time. I didn't want to go in. What I was worried about at first was the enemy. What kind of curse will be left in the city? Although it was said that nothing happened when the alien Yaksha entered the city to scout, and there was no curse on him, but I am still very worried because there are so many types of curses. Well, if the enemy's curse is activated, how many people must enter before it can be activated. In that case, wouldn't we have fallen into the enemy's trap? So I didn't want to go in, I just asked Lao Bai to destroy the city. Anyway, it was The city is of no use to us, wouldn't it be better to destroy it?"

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. To be honest, they really admired Gu Yuanzheng. Gu Yuanzheng did the right thing this time, which prevented the Blood Killing Sect from suffering a huge loss. Gu Yuanzheng glanced at everyone, and then said: "When Lao Bai attacked the city with Skyfire, the buildings in the city were destroyed one by one. When almost half of the buildings in the city were destroyed, I suddenly felt that there seemed to be a different energy wave in the city, but before I had any time to react, the explosion happened directly. After the explosion, an extremely huge energy wave rushed over directly. , Hydrogen, all of us were swept away, even the giant beasts. This shows how powerful this force is. If we had entered the city at that time, we would probably be doomed."

After Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, they couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Just like what Gu Yuanzheng said, if they really entered the city this time, it would be really over. They had all seen that big hole. Well, if they really enter the city, it is guaranteed that no one will come out alive.

At this time, Wen Yuming also walked in from the outside. As soon as he saw Wen Yuming coming in, everyone's eyes were focused on him. Wen Yuming looked at everyone's appearance and knew what was going on. , and then said: "What is certain is that the other party is using a magic circle, a magic circle that we don't know about. This kind of magic circle may be specially used to set up traps. It is very powerful and does not have any Energy fluctuations. The enemy must have used a lot of this kind of magic circle this time. There should be certain conditions for the triggering of this kind of magic circle. Either it will be triggered when there are many people entering the city, or it will be triggered when the city is blocked. How much damage must be done before it is triggered, or both. In short, this is a very powerful trap formation."

Speaking of this, Wen Yuming paused for a moment, and then said: "Judging from the current situation, we still don't know what is going on with this trap formation, but one thing is certain. The enemy is already very strong." We have mastered this kind of magic circle familiarly, and it can be used on a large scale. Now we don’t have a good way to deal with this kind of magic circle. Let’s go back now and study it carefully to see if this kind of magic circle has any effect. No matter how strong it is, we also need to see what method can be used to find this kind of magic circle." After saying that, he clasped his fists at everyone, turned around and left without saying a word.

Watching Wen Yuming leave, Wen Wenhai had no intention of stopping him. He turned to look at the others and said: "I think everyone has heard what Lao Wen said. It seems that this time we have really met our opponent. Wow, this Yaksha clan can actually create such a magic circle, it is definitely difficult to deal with, we must be careful."

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai turned to look at him and said, "Old Bai, your Mantianhuo has a long range. Let's destroy the other two cities from here first and see if those two cities also have this kind of fire." If there are such magic formations in those two cities, we must be careful. If the enemy can set up this kind of magic formation in the city, they can also set it up outside the city. If they put this kind of magic formation, If we use it together with the forbidden air formation, then we will be too dangerous."

Everyone nodded. It was indeed the case. If the enemy really combined this kind of magic circle with the forbidden air magic circle, it would be really dangerous, because the enemy might arrange this kind of magic circle on the ground at will. If a forbidden air formation is added, the Blood Killer Sect's people will have to walk on the ground. If they cannot discover this kind of magic formation, they will be walking into the enemy's trap, which is very fatal. , so before they can find a way to crack this kind of trap circle, they'd better be careful.