c7238 new question

Wen Wenhai and the others already understood Wen Yuming's approach. Wen Yuming's approach was actually very simple. They just grasped the material to make a fuss. They studied the materials of the formation talisman, and then It will be easier for them to find this kind of material in the Sky-Tiantian Net that they have improved. In this way, they can naturally find those things. This is indeed a very good method.

As for the opponent's trap arrays, in order for them to develop and be effective, certain triggering conditions are required. The triggering conditions set by the opponent are actually very simple, that is, receiving a certain amount of attack or receiving a certain amount of pressure. It will be triggered. This trigger condition can be said to be very simple, but it is very effective on the battlefield.

And they are famous for how easy it is to deal with this method. They know very well how to deal with this method, which is even simpler. Use the Sky-Swallowing Net to find the magic circle, and then use it in that magic circle. Put up several magic circles on the outside to completely isolate the magic circle from the outside world. In this way, as long as the shield is not broken, the magic circle will not explode. This is really a good method.

Wen Yuming looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said: "And the shield released by the Sky-Swallowing Net also has a certain instruction function, that is to say, you can all see the position of the magic circle. At that time, you can just bypass it. Of course, there is one more thing, that is, you must be careful to prevent the enemy from attacking there and deliberately detonating the magic circle. However, the possibility of this is very low. If you find that magic circle and you still don’t know what to do, then you really can’t blame us.”

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "You are right. If we still don't know what to do after we know where the magic circle is, we really have no fault with you. Well, even if this matter is solved, then we We can attack directly, everyone has no objections, right?"

Naturally, everyone had no objections. On the contrary, they were very happy. They had been waiting for this day for a long time. Now when they heard what Zhao Hai said, everyone shook their heads, and Wen Wenhai continued: " Okay, then let’s talk about our next move.”

At this time, Shun Li spoke first: "Wait a minute, Elder Wen, I want to ask if you have produced anything that we, the alien yaksha, can take with us, so that we, the alien yaksha, can also discover it. The opponent's kind of formation?" This is what Shu Li is most concerned about. In fact, the most dangerous thing in the entire Blood Killing Sect now is their alien yaksha, because they are scouts and they want to conduct reconnaissance within the enemy's range. , so they are naturally the most dangerous.

Wen Yuming nodded and said in a deep voice: "It has been made. It has the same effect as the Snatching Sky Net, but I will wake you up. When you face the Yaksha tribe in the future, try not to get close to them. In a fight, their trap array is really too powerful. Even one the size of your palm is still very powerful. If you really fight with the enemy at close range, then if the enemy wants Using this kind of magic circle, it is absolutely possible to die with you. Moreover, they can also put this kind of magic circle on their fat cow magic weapon, and then fly to a position close to you. , and then directly causing violence, that is also very dangerous, so my suggestion is that if you can deal with them from a distance, don't let them get too close to prevent them from jumping over the wall."

As soon as Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Yu Ming said, their expressions changed. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "What Lao Wen said makes sense. It seems that this matter must be resolved. And now it seems that we The battle plan formulated before is not very suitable. Let's do this. I will ask the staff to make a new battle plan. Then we are talking about the attack. Lao Wen, I also want to save. Please tell me, you'd better be able to make a magic weapon that can detect that kind of magic circle far away, and it's best to be able to deal with that kind of magic weapon. I know this is a bit difficult, but I hope you can Think of a way, otherwise, our Blood Killing Sect will suffer heavy casualties."

Wen Yuming frowned and said: "This is indeed not easy to handle. Let's go back and think of a solution. The reason why we didn't start with the magic circle this time, but with the materials, is because of the magic The formation is not very safe. Don't forget that the other party has the help of the shadow clan's law. They can block the energy emitted by the formation. In this case, the problem arises. If the material is separated from the It’s too far away, and we really have no way to find it, so we can only go back and think of a new solution.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, there is no rush in this matter. In fact, we are also waiting for the Yaksha clan to appear. The Yaksha clan retreated too fast last time. I'm worried that they may have gone to inform other people in the Yaksha world. If they really bring everyone in the Yaksha world to deal with us, then the pressure on us will be huge."

Everyone responded. They understood what Wen Wenhai meant. If the other party really went to recruit people, then when they and the other party's main force were attacking, it would be better to wait here, waiting for the other party to attack. If the other party If they attack them at this time, they are absolutely sure that they can defend it. If they encounter the opponent's main force during the attack, then they will have an encounter, and the casualties will not be small.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Okay, that's it. Let's go back and prepare. When the new battle plan comes out, then we can attack." Everyone responded, and then They turned around and left. They really wanted to go back and prepare, because what Yu Ming said before really shocked them.

They knew very well what Wen Yuming meant. The opponent's trap array was very powerful, but its size was not necessarily large. Even if they made some small ones, their power would be smaller, but It's enough to kill them all. If the opponent really puts that kind of magic circle into the bodies of those fat cows, and wait until the battle, let the fat cow charge with those magic circles and arrive in front of the Blood Killing Sect. , if detonated, the power will be very huge, and the damage to the Blood Killing Sect will be greater. They are not sure that they can survive such an explosion, let alone the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so They have to be careful.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai frowned. He was more worried than others, because what Wen Yuming said was very likely to be true in his opinion. In Wen Wenhai's opinion, Yasha The clan is a race that is very good at fighting. The people of this race are very talented in fighting. The more so, the more they will try every means to deal with the enemy. It is impossible for them to use such a good method. No need.

As for why they didn't use it before, Wen Wenhai didn't know. He only knew that now that the other party used this method, he had to be more careful. If he wasn't careful, he might really suffer a big loss this time. Yes, although each of their disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has several lives, they also know very well that they cannot waste every life. The most important thing is that if the explosion occurs, they may have several lives. Life is gone, this is absolutely not possible.

But he doesn't have any good ideas now. He doesn't know much about this aspect. It's best to leave it to Shenji Hall. But can Shenji Hall come up with anything good to deal with this method? He really didn't know that if Shenjitang couldn't get it out, then they would be really in danger this time and they would have to be prepared for massive casualties.

Wen Wenhai didn't know that Laura and the others also saw the projection of this meeting. When Li Ji returned to the space, Laura and the others also frowned. They were also thinking about what they had said before Wen Yuming, if the enemy If they really use that method to deal with them, then what method should they use to deal with the enemy so as not to be harmed.

After a while, Meg's eyes suddenly lit up. She turned to look at the other people and said: "I finally thought of a method, which is this method. We have never used it before, and we don't know if it is good or not." Use it." Meg really wasn't too sure, but she felt that this method was worth a try.

Laura immediately said: "What method? Meg, please tell me." Laura himself was impatient. Now when he heard that Meg said there was a method, he was naturally very happy and immediately asked Meg to talk about it. , what is the method? As for whether it can be used, they will have to discuss it together to know. In any case, having a method is better than having no method at all.

Meg glanced at a few people and said in a deep voice: "Radar." He only said these two simple words, but when Laura and the others heard these two words, their eyes lit up. They knew it too well. What do these two words represent? Radar, that's radar. Of course they have heard of radar, but they didn't hear it in the world of cultivation, but from earth civilization.

They really didn't come up with this radar before, but now that Meg reminded me, Laura finally figured it out. The radar is indeed good, very good, and they also have the energy to make a radar. Don't I forgot what radar was invented on. It was the ultrasonic ability of bats, and they had studied sound waves very carefully.

Laura glanced at a few people and said in a deep voice: "What Meg said is very reasonable. The radar method is indeed good. Let's go to the Shenji Hall right away. It is best if we can get there in the shortest possible time. Make this radar within a day, otherwise it will delay our attack time. Really, why didn’t we think of it before? Come on, let’s go to Shenji Hall now." After saying that, he stood up directly , the other people all stood up, and then they left the room. When they got outside, they all disappeared in a flash. They didn't want to use the teleportation array in the room, so they went outside to use it. Teleportation array.