c7233 Ideas

When Zhao Hai was puzzled, a person came over. Zhao Hai saw that the person coming was a disciple from the Shenji Hall. He was very talented in magic formations and his name was Wang Rui. Wang Rui obviously also saw Zhao Hai. He immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "I have met the sect master."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Wang Rui, why is there no one here today? Where have everyone gone?" This is the advanced laboratory area. The advanced laboratory area that we know is the most concentrated of all the advanced laboratories in Shenji Hall. It is a place where they are well-known for their laboratories. They are all here. There are many laboratories here, doing research and everything. Some laboratories also conduct joint experiments, so Zhao Hai is very curious. .

When Wang Rui heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "Returning to the sect leader, Elder Wen and the others have all entered the real illusion. This time, because people deduced the trap circle, everyone felt that there was not enough time outside, so they entered I’m going to study it in the real illusion, so I can have more time for research.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, I understand. Go ahead and do your work. I'll wait for him in Wen Yuming's laboratory first." After saying that, he turned around and walked towards Wen Yuming's laboratory. Go. In the high-end laboratory area, there are some laboratories that no one is allowed to enter casually. Of course, this is not valid for Zhao Hai.

Wang Rui watched Zhao Hai leave, and he immediately walked quickly to his residence. As soon as he arrived at his residence, he immediately entered the real illusion, because he was also regarded as the core disciple of Shenji Hall, and his status It is still very high, so he also participated in their experiment this time. He just came out, but he just wanted to come out to get something. Now when he sees Zhao Hai, he will naturally enter the real illusion immediately. , tell Wen Yuming and the others the news of Zhao Hai's arrival.

As soon as Wang Rui arrived at the experimental area in the real illusion, he immediately saw Wen Yuming and the others. Now they were staring at an optical brain. Although everything in the real illusion was the same, in a certain way, To a certain extent, he is also true, because everything here is the same as the outside world. The optical brains are also the same and have the same functions, so there are many optical brains here.

Wang Rui immediately came to Wen Yuming's side quickly and said to Wen Yuming: "Elder Wen, the sect master is here and waiting for you in your laboratory. Look, do you want to go out and take a look?" Wang Rui It is very clear that when Wen Yuming was studying the magic circle recently, he could be said to have devoted himself wholeheartedly, and he was a bit obsessed. Most people really didn't dare to disturb him, but this matter really cannot be delayed. That's why he stepped forward to report it.

When Wen Yuming heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Wang Rui and said, "You said the sect leader is here? In the laboratory?" As he spoke, he looked around. It was obvious that all of his previous His mind was all attracted by the experiment, and he did not finish listening to Wang Rui's words.

Wang Rui said quickly: "Elder Wen, the sect master is waiting for you in your laboratory outside. Do you want to go out and take a look? If the sect master comes at this time, is it possible that he is here for the trap circle? ?" Wang Rui still expressed his thoughts. He felt that it would definitely not be that simple for Zhao Hai to come to Shenji Hall at this time, so he said this.

When Wen Yuming heard Wang Rui's words, he couldn't help but be stunned, then nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "This is possible, let's all go out and see what the sect master will say, maybe the sect master has something What a different discovery." After saying that, he glanced around and said loudly: "Everyone, listen up, the sect master has come to our Shenji Hall, we will go out immediately to see the sect master, let's go." With a thought, he had already retreated from the real illusion.

Others also heard what Wen Yuming said. When they heard that Zhao Hai was coming, they naturally did not dare to delay and immediately retreated from the real illusion. Then they all walked out of their rooms. Wen Yuming Naturally, Ming came to his laboratory first. As soon as he entered the laboratory, he saw Zhao Hai playing with several formation talismans on a small testing platform.

As soon as he saw those formation talismans, Wen Yuming immediately understood that Zhao Hai was indeed here for the trap formation this time, because the formation talismans that Zhao Hai was playing with were exactly what they had deduced. , some of the talismans used in the trap array. After hearing the name, he didn't say much. He immediately stepped forward, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, you are here."

Zhao Hai raised his head and glanced at Wen Yuming, and said with a smile: "You came out, that boy Wang Rui told you, right? I originally thought, wait for you to come out on your own, but now that you have come out, I will take care of you these days." Show me the research results, which are about the trap array discovered this time."

Wen Yuming responded and gave a piece of jade slip to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai took the jade slip and looked at the contents carefully. He found that Wen Yuming and the others were just studying the talisman used in this magic circle. , but they have never paid attention to the materials used. It seems that they really have not paid attention to this matter.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai put down the jade slip and said to Wen Yuming: "The formation talismans you have studied are indeed good, and what I have deduced is almost the same. However, there is another thing that you have not paid attention to, that is. Materials, I just went to the big pit, collected some things from there, researched them, and found some things, you can take them and take a look."

Wen Yuming responded, took the jade slip, and immediately took a look at the contents of the jade slip. When he read the contents of the jade slip, his face couldn't help but show a look of surprise. He turned to look at Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, they actually used ox bones and Yaksha teeth to make the materials for the formation. But Yaksha teeth didn't appear after Yaksha's death? How could they use Yaksha teeth?" As material?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said in a deep voice: "I don't know, if those Yaksha really want to use the Yaksha teeth, they can kill their own people and just get the Yaksha teeth. This is not true for those creatures affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. It is very common among them, but I think this has a lot to do with the fact that their magic circle is so powerful."

Wen Yuming nodded, and then said: "It is possible, those Yaksha are very powerful, and they can use these Yaksha teeth to attract more power of the Shadow Clan's laws, which will make The power of the magic circle has become more powerful, so it is really possible to use Yaksha teeth as materials. There are also fat cows. They have always absorbed the power of Shadow Clan's laws to survive, so their cows The bones also contain a lot of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and the cow bones of these cows are also a very high-quality material. The bodies of those cows are very huge. If their bones are not strong enough, they will not be able to survive. It’s impossible to support their huge bodies, so their bones are also a very high-quality material.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Try to deduce it. First, find out the properties of the fat cow bones and Yaksha teeth, and then deduce the magic circle. Remember, the enemy uses it." But the energy conflict between the spherical magic circle and the talismans can sometimes produce greater power."

Wen Yuming responded, and he immediately gathered all the people in Shenji Hall who participated in this research, and then told everyone what Zhao Hai said about the materials, and everyone felt very happy. They were so surprised that they immediately sent a letter to the people at the Spiritual Beast Hall, asking them to send people over to conduct research with them.

After a while, everyone gathered together, and everyone immediately began to conduct research. They really wanted to know how powerful these materials and the magic circle were, and they also had to deduce how powerful this magic circle was. How big is the array, etc. Only in this way can they truly restore the array, and only by restoring the array can they truly crack the array.

Zhao Hai also stayed at Shenji Hall for a while, but he didn't stay for too long, and he didn't participate in Wen Yuming's research. He had discovered that now Shenji Hall has his own Although he could also study a research system with Wen Yuming and the others, without him, Wen Yuming and their research progress would not be slow, so he simply stopped participating in it.

When Zhao Hai returned to the space, he found that Laura and the others were also studying the magic circle, and they were also studying the trap magic circle this time. However, they did not really want to study the method of cracking the trap magic circle, but They want to study the idea of ​​making this kind of trap array. In other words, they are now using the talismans that make up the trap array and combining those talismans in various ways. Take a look. Under what circumstances can those formation symbols exert their greatest power?

Zhao Hai watched Laura and the others arrange the array symbols according to different situations, and then conducted experiments. After writing down all the data, he also found it very interesting. He also followed over to take a look, and soon they We have conducted dozens of experiments, and the results of the experiments are really not beyond Zhao Hai's expectations. If you arrange these formation symbols according to the normal method, their power will never reach that level. However, if you make it into a spherical array and let their energies conflict with each other, it will be able to exert its maximum power.

Laura and the others only used the most common materials, but even with this kind of material, Laura and the others achieved amazing results in their experiments. Once the conflicting energies exploded, they were so powerful, It was really beyond everyone's expectations. It was more than ten times more powerful than the normal combination. This discovery surprised Zhao Haiwu, Laura and the others.

Zhao Hai and Laura are all experts in magic formations. They naturally know how to arrange the formation symbols to exert the greatest power, but this time they made a mistake. They did not expect that the energy conflict would cause The formation talisman can exert such great power by maximizing the energy conflict. Although the function of this magic formation is very simple, its power is really surprising.