c7247 Attack the heart

After hearing what Fu Xiang said, the Lion-Hearted Emperor pondered for a moment, and then said: "If we fight them openly, will we be their opponents? Can't we use curses to deal with them?" The Lion-Hearted Emperor did the same. He knows how to use curses, and he knows a lot of curses, so he also thought of this.

"No, Your Majesty." Lord Panshan immediately stepped out and said: "Your Majesty, using curse techniques will not work against the Blood Killing Sect. Your Majesty should also know that our Yaksha clan all have a divine curse in their bodies. This The divine curse will play an important role when the queen is broken, and this divine curse is engraved on the Yaksha teeth of our Yaksha clan. When the alien clan of the Blood Killing Sect ate the Yaksha teeth and evolved, we We already knew that they were under a divine curse and even controlled an alien. We learned the name of the alien clan from him, but the alien died immediately. We originally thought that we would no longer use this divine curse. The most important moment when we were fighting with the gang was to use them. However, during this battle, I noticed that all the divine spells on the aliens disappeared. In other words, the enemy had broken the divine spell. "

"Also, when I was fighting with the Yaksha clan, I also used the curse technique to deal with the people of the Blood Killing Clan. The curse technique I used was emitted through sound. It should be impossible for the enemy to detect it, but no. I know why, as soon as I issued the curse, they discovered it immediately, and told me directly that my curse was of no use to them. Your Majesty, I suspect that there may be someone in the Blood Killing Sect who can discover the curse. And the method of restraining the curse, if Your Majesty wants to rely on the curse technique to deal with the enemy, you will probably suffer a loss."

When the Lion Heart Emperor heard what Panshan Lord said, his expression became more solemn. He looked at Panshan Lord and said, "Are you telling the truth? The enemy can even break the curse?" Is he true? Some people don't quite believe Panshan Lord. The enemy can really break the curse? Isn't this incredible? In his opinion, the curse technique has always been the strongest attack method of the Yasha clan, and it is also a method given by God. Could it be that this method given by God cannot deal with the Blood Killing Sect?

Lord Panshan looked at the Lion Heart Emperor, hesitant in his expression, and seemed hesitant to speak. The Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help but frowned and said, "What? Is there anything else that you can't tell me?" The Lion Heart Emperor was a little agitated. He was unhappy. In his opinion, Lord Panshan was now his subordinate, so how could he still hide something from him? So his tone couldn't help but be a little serious.

Panshan Jun immediately saluted the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty, when I was fighting with the Blood Killer Clan, I heard some words from the Blood Killer Clan. I didn't believe it at the time. I felt that They are talking nonsense, so I don’t know if I should tell His Majesty these words.”

The Lion Heart Emperor said in a deep voice: "Tell me, what can't you say?" The Lion Heart Emperor really wanted to hear what the people of the Blood Killing Sect said, but even Panshan Lord didn't believe it, but he felt , sometimes the more unbelievable it seems, the more likely it is to be true, and the more he wants to hear it.

Panshan Jun responded, and then said: "Yes, Your Majesty, the commander of the Blood Killing Sect's undead legion is named Gu Yuanzheng. He had a conversation with me. He said that they came from a world similar to ours in the Yaksha world. interface. In that interface, they also encountered enemies and conquered it. In fact, we, the Yasha clan, were actually created by humans to protect this interface and to test them. But Later, we were contaminated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and we became what we are now, and that's why we, the Yaksha Clan, came into existence."

Wow~, Lord Panshan's words caused a huge uproar. Everyone in the hall understood what he meant. This was equivalent to saying that all the people of the Yasha clan were just made by others. How can they accept that they are not a truly heavenly race? You must know that they are a race with their own civilization. This is equivalent to completely denying their entire race. How can they accept it? I can accept it.

"Quiet!" An old voice suddenly came, and everyone in the hall became silent, because they all heard it. It was Fu Xiang who made this voice. Fu Xiang is under the command of the Lion Heart Emperor, and he is really a person. His prestige was very high among the people, even the Lion Heart Emperor gave him some respect, so his voice immediately shocked everyone.

Fu Xiang turned his head and glanced at those people, and said in a deep voice: "This is just a tactic of attacking the enemy's mind. There is nothing to be nervous about. This person from the Blood Killing Sect is not only powerful in combat, but also very good at attacking the enemy's mind." , This is not surprising at all, so what they said can be completely ignored." Everyone in the hall responded, and at the same time they breathed a sigh of relief. Regardless of whether what Fu Xiang said was true or not, they all chose to believe Fu Xiang, because If they don't believe in blessings, they have to believe the words of the Blood Killing Sect, and the words of the Blood Killing Sect must not be believed.

The Lion Heart Emperor turned his head and glanced at Fu Xiang. His eyes were full of gratitude. To be honest, he had been shocked by Panshan Lord's words before. Fortunately, Fu Xiang reacted. If Fu Xiang couldn't react, it would be really bad. The trouble would be a huge blow to their morale.

Fu Xiang glanced at the Lion Heart Emperor and nodded slightly, and then he continued: "You all should also know about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. They should be the legendary monks, and for them, We are foreigners, and they are never polite to foreigners. As for the monks, they are very weird. When fighting with others, they will always habitually put themselves in a righteous position. position, this seems to be their habit. They have always been accustomed to placing themselves in a righteous position, as if it will be easier for them to win when they attack others. As for us, the Yasha clan, for them It is said that foreigners are a race that they must deal with, so they will definitely deal with us and put themselves in a righteous position."

At this point, Fu Xiang paused for a moment, and then said: "How do we put ourselves in a righteous position? We, the Yaksha clan, have not done anything bad, so they say that we, the Yaksha clan, are just made The race that came out is still a polluted race. Our Yaksha tribe has never done anything bad, so why are we said to be a polluted race? If our Yaksha tribe was really created, why do we have our own civilization? This Nothing makes sense, it’s just what they said, and they are our enemies, so how can we believe their words?”

Fu Xiang looked at everyone in the hall and then said: "Even if we are really a created race, we already have our own civilization and our own ideas. Shouldn't we be eliminated?" Do you? Will you agree? You won’t agree, and I won’t agree. Do you understand what I mean?”

You could hear needles dropping in the main hall. They were all shocked by the words of the Prime Minister. Then they understood, yes, even if we are a created race, if others want to kill us, we can't wait with our necks stretched out. Are you going to kill someone else? No matter who it is, if they want to kill us, they must pay the price.

The Lion Heart Emperor said in a deep voice: "Fu Xiang is right. Our Yasha clan is a race in itself. Anyone who wants to deal with us must pay a price. This Blood Killing Sect is really powerful and cannot be dealt with by our family." Yes, then we must be prepared for a long-term war. Please pass on the order. From now on, all the cities around the Blood Killing Sect will enter a strategic state. All the forbidden air formations will be opened. We To turn every city into a nail, you must pull out all these nails one by one before you can move forward. This will buy us more time, and at the same time, we must keep up with those in the city. It has been agreed that no matter which side the Blood Killing Sect attacks, people from other cities must come to support, and every battle must be fought as the last battle, do you understand?"

Everyone agreed in unison that they were setting up obstacles and intercepting step by step, consuming the power of the Blood Killing Sect step by step, and also delaying their progress, and this period of time was enough for the Yaksha Realm to take over. All the power was concentrated, and the Lion Heart Emperor believed that other people could not ignore his divine order.

Fu Xiang also said: "From now on, move all the fat cows to the rear and conduct unified management. Except for leaving enough for us to eat, the rest will be made into magic weapons. From now on, we will fight against the Blood Killing Sect." When the time comes, these magical weapons are indispensable, and we must arm all the people in the clan."

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded and said: "Yes, we need to arm all the people in the clan. We want the people of the Blood Killing Sect to know that our Yaksha clan is not so easy to conquer. They want to conquer us." , that is absolutely impossible." The Lion Heart Emperor has now figured it out. Lord Panshan has said it, and the people of the Blood Killing Sect have said that they were created and are not a real race. This sentence In addition to damaging their morale, it also reveals another meaning, that is, the Blood Killing Sect will not be polite to them, and they should not think about it. There is no such thing as peaceful coexistence with the Blood Killing Sect. If possible, let's fight. Only after fighting can the other party know how powerful the Yasha clan is.

Everyone responded, and even Lord Panshan's eyes showed endless fighting intent. They also understood what the Lion Heart Emperor meant. Only one of them or the Blood Killing Sect could survive, and they wanted to live. , we must eliminate the Blood Killing Sect. There is no second option.

At this moment, a messenger suddenly ran into the main hall. After entering the main hall, he immediately knelt down to the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty, there is an envoy from the Sky Eagle Emperor outside the door asking to see him. He said it was for the sake of God. How should Your Majesty deal with the matter of the order?" After saying that, he knelt there and said nothing.