c7248 messenger

The Lion-Hearted Emperor was stunned, and then he immediately said: "Please come in." The man responded immediately, then exited the hall and went to invite people. However, at this time, the Lion-Hearted Emperor turned his attention to Prime Minister Fu said in a deep voice: "I didn't expect that they would come so soon. Prime Minister, do you think we can successfully unite them this time?"

Fu Xiang said in a deep voice: "It should be possible, Your Majesty. If they don't believe us, then we can also let them meet the people of the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect is right there. They can see it soon. See After seeing the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, they probably won’t doubt it anymore.”

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded, and at this moment a voice came from outside: "The envoy of the Sky Eagle Emperor is here to meet you." Following this voice, two people walked in from the outside. Both of them were wearing black armor, but their The armor looked very light, with a pair of wings growing on their backs, and two eagle heads on their heads.

After the two people entered the main hall, they saluted the Lion Heart King and said: "Under the throne of the Sky Eagle Emperor, Xiang Yu and Xiang Kong have met His Majesty the Lion Heart King." The two people did not kneel down because they were envoys and representatives. It was the Sky Eagle Emperor, and the Sky Eagle Emperor and the Lion Heart Emperor had equal status, so they did not kneel down.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor did not mean to blame them, but shook his head at them and said: "Forget it. This time you are here, but for the God Leader's affairs?" The Lion-Hearted Emperor did not want to waste time with them. If the Eagle Emperor had come in person, the Lion Heart Emperor might have said a few words to him, but now that it was just the Eagle Emperor's envoy, there was no need for him to be so polite.

The two of them said in unison: "Yes." Then the envoy named Xiang Yu said: "After our emperor received the divine order from His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, he took it very seriously and sent the two of us here as soon as possible. His Majesty the Lion-Hearted Emperor is asking for information here. Are the things His Majesty the Lion-Hearted Emperor said in the divine order true?"

The Lion-Hearted Emperor turned his head and looked at some of the blessings. The blessings also understood what the Lion-Hearted Emperor meant. If the Lion-Hearted Emperor himself was to speak about such matters, it would be a loss of status. Naturally, he would have to hand over the explanations to these envoys. He was given this prime minister, so the prime minister said to the two envoys: "What your majesty said in the blessing order is of course true."

At this point, he paused, glanced at the two of them, and then said: "I believe that not long ago, you should have received the divine order from Lord Panshan, right? This is what Lord Panshan was talking about at that time, but No one believed it at that time. Only our emperor came to support us with the army of the Lion Heart Kingdom. We fought against the Blood Killer Sect once. The Blood Killer Sect’s people were extremely powerful and numerous in number. Our Lions It is impossible for the Heart Kingdom to deal with the Blood Killing Sect on its own, so our emperor once issued a divine order, asking all emperors to send troops together, and the entire Yaksha Realm united to deal with the Blood Killing Sect to protect our Yaksha Realm. Safety, our emperor is completely out of public concern."

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded slightly. When the envoy saw that the Lion Heart Emperor nodded, he knew that this was true. However, Xiang Yu still said: "Your Majesty, the Lion Heart Emperor, I don't know if we can go." Look at the Blood Killer Sect? They are still a little worried. In their opinion, hearing is false and seeing is belief. They must see the Blood Killer Sect with their own eyes before they can make a decision.

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded and said: "Okay, you can see it whenever you want, General Ling. If they want to see the Blood Slaughter Sect at any time, you can arrange for someone to take them there." The Lion Heart Emperor didn't do anything this time. He didn't lie. Everything he said was true. Naturally, he was not polite, so that's why he was like this.

The two envoys really didn't expect that the Lion Heart Emperor would agree so happily, so when they heard what the Lion Heart Emperor said, everyone was stunned. They originally didn't believe what the Lion-Hearted Emperor said, but this time they came because the Sky Eagle Emperor wanted to see what the Lion-Hearted Emperor was up to.

In their opinion, the Lion Heart Emperor must have something up his sleeve. The Panshan Lord is the Lion Heart Emperor's subordinate. The Lion Heart Emperor asked him to issue a divine order. How dare the Panshan Lord not issue it? When the Lion Heart Emperor saw that the divine order issued by Lord Panshan didn't work, even if he had personally issued a divine order, it was a bit too much. So this time Xiang Yu and Xiang Kong came here just to see what the Lion Heart Emperor was doing. What are you planning? Wouldn't it be better if you could know the Lion Heart Emperor's plan and deal with him?

But now the Lion Heart Emperor so happily promised Xiang Yu and Xiang Kong that they could go and see the Blood Killing Sect. This really stunned the two of them. They did not expect that the Lion Heart Emperor would agree. Agreeing only made the two of them more suspicious. Could it be that what the Lion Heart Emperor said was true? Is it possible that there is really a powerful enemy here in the Yaksha Realm now?

The Lion Heart Emperor glanced at the two of them and said in a deep voice: "You can go and have a look at any time. Now we must prepare for the battle with all our strength. The enemy this time is extraordinary. We will hold them back as much as possible. , I hope that you guys can also respond as soon as possible, otherwise, we are afraid that we will lose everything, let's go." After saying this, the Lion Heart Emperor waved his hand.

From the crowd in the main hall, a general walked out. This general was the General Ling that the Lion Heart Emperor mentioned before. Of course he was not Commander Lingkong. He was a general under the Lion Heart Emperor, and his status was very high. He cupped his fists at the two of them and said, "You two, please come with me." After saying that, he turned around and walked out.

Xiang Yu and the others saluted the Lion Heart Emperor, then turned and left. Although they were the messengers of the Sky Eagle Emperor, they did not dare to be too unreasonable to the Lion Heart Emperor. After all, the Lion Heart Emperor was the most powerful person in the entire Yaksha Realm. A strong emperor must have the respect he deserves, so that's why.

After Xiang Yu and the others left, the Lion Heart Emperor turned to look at the others, and then said: "Let's prepare as we said before. From now on, the entire Lion Heart Empire has entered a state of first-level combat readiness. All floating islands must move closer to here. If anyone dares not to come, don't blame me for being rude." After saying that, he waved his hand, stood up, left the main hall, and walked to the back hall.

After he left, Prime Minister Fu turned his head and glanced at everyone in the hall, and said: "You have all heard His Majesty's order. Get ready to go immediately. You have also seen the method of killing the sect this time. We We must be prepared for a hard fight, General Cheng. Your Ministry of Industry must think of ways to block the enemy's long-range attacks. The enemy's long-range attacks are too far away. We simply can't. We can't hit them, but they can attack us at will. Such an attack is really too terrifying. We are always in a state of being beaten, which is absolutely unacceptable."

A man came out immediately and responded. This man was General Cheng. He was in charge of the weapon refining hall under the Lion Heart Emperor and specialized in making various magic weapons. Now that he was going to fight, Fu Xiang naturally had to do it alone. I need to explain it to him, because what happened this time is no small matter, and there can't be any problems in the weapon refining hall.

Then Fu Xiang called out a few people individually, and after giving a few instructions, he let those people go down. At this time, the envoys of several other emperors also arrived. This time, the Lion Heart Emperor did not see them. They were all met by the Minister of Fortune and explained the situation to them. The performance of those people was the same as Xiang Yu's. They also wanted to go to the Blood Killing Sect to see for themselves, and Fu Xiang would naturally agree.

At this time, Xiangyu had already driven towards the Blood Killing Sect under the leadership of the people arranged by General Ling. Guan Yu, while flying forward, chatted with the general who led them: "What do you call this brother?" ?" Xiangyu now somewhat believes in the Lion Heart Emperor's divine order, because if the divine order is really fake, the Lion Heart Emperor will never dare to let them go to check the enemy's situation. If he dares to let them go, he is not afraid. They saw the enemy, so he now believed what the Lionheart King said.

He never thought that the Lion Heart Emperor would kill him, because it was useless. If the Lion Heart Emperor killed him, it would only mean that the Lion Heart Emperor was lying and would only offend all the emperors. Then he would be considered the Lion Heart Emperor's The strength is the strongest in the entire Yasha world, and it is impossible to block the attacks of those people.

The general glanced at Xiang Yu and said in a deep voice: "My name is Lu Fang, and I am the general under the Lion Heart King. I really don't understand why you want to go to the front line. If people from the Blood Killing Sect find out, we, I'm afraid it will be difficult to come back." At this point, his face became a little ugly.

Xiang Yu looked at Lu Fang and was slightly stunned and asked: "Is that person from the Blood Killing Sect very strong in combat?" Xiang Yu heard that the Lion Heart Emperor and the others mentioned the Blood Killing Sect, so that's why he said this. The Blood Killer Sect, whom I had never met before, was really more curious and wanted to know what kind of force it was.

Lu Fang glanced at Xiang Yu and said in a deep voice: "I don't know, we just heard about it, but the Blood Killing Sect has a very powerful long-range attack weapon. The last time we were attacked by the Blood Killing Sect's long-range attack weapon Without even seeing the shadow of the enemy, we lost a third of our men, and finally had to retreat."

When Xiang Yu heard what Lu Fang said, he couldn't help but be even more stunned. He glanced at Lu Fang and said in a deep voice: "You mean, you lost a third of your people without even seeing the enemy's face? How can this be? Possible?" He really couldn't imagine how it was possible that one-third of the people were lost without even seeing the enemy's face. Isn't this too surprising?

Lu Fang looked at Xiang Yu's appearance and snorted coldly: "What's so strange? The enemy's attack distance is too far. We couldn't see the enemy at all, but we saw a rain of arrows shooting at them." Come here, those arrows will explode when they fall into the crowd, and the power of the explosion is very huge. The most terrifying thing is that they don’t know how to detonate the divine punishment formation that we brought over to prepare to deal with them. , which caused us extremely heavy losses." At this point, Lu Yan's face turned extremely ugly. He really didn't want to recall that scene, but he had to recall it, which made his expression even more ugly. It was extremely ugly, and Feitian Yasha, who was under the Thousand Lion Heart Emperor who followed him to protect Xiangyu and Xiangkong, also looked very ugly. They had all participated in that battle,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.