c7242 Finish

Wen Yuming watched the last radar installed in place, and couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. After this radar was installed in place, the installation of the entire radar was completed. Radars were installed on all Blood Killing Battle Forts, and there were five huge ones. The radar base station has also been installed. The main base station is the huge one hundred feet high base station built in the middle of the base, and the secondary base station is four buildings like a bloody battle fortress. They can also fly in the sky, and It can move forward on the ground. It also has legs and tentacles underneath. There is also an inner space inside, but the area is not very large.

To put it simply, these sub-base stations all have certain self-protection capabilities, but they have no way to attack. No, that's not quite right. They're not completely powerless. The attack power of those radars is actually very simple, that is, sonic attack.

Radar can not only use sound waves for reconnaissance, but also use sound waves for attack, but it has never been shown. Naturally, these sub-base stations also have such capabilities, and they are very powerful. However, compared to the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, their combat effectiveness is indeed much lower, and they can only be used for self-protection.

But radar is not originally used for offense, so there is no need for so many offensive methods. Wen Yuming knows this very well, so the several sub-base stations they built can all fly and are very fast. It's not too late, now these deputy base gates are monitoring the four directions of the Blood Killing Sect base.

Wen Yuming also knows the current situation outside. Now the alien Yaksha clan of the Blood Killing Sect has been fighting with the scouts of the Yaksha clan. The two sides are going back and forth, and the fight is very fierce. The alien Yaksha clan is fighting The losses were very heavy, but they still refused to retreat, blocking the enemy thousands of miles away.

Originally, according to Wen Wenhai's opinion, they could extend the base directly in that direction, and finally build the base's defense line directly there, but in the end everyone discussed it and did not do so because they wanted to use these thousands of miles. distance, create a buffer zone, and make some arrangements. If the defense of the base is really extended directly, then they will have to fight the enemy head-on. This is indeed a bit inappropriate.

The name is actually very clear. The main reason why the Blood Killing Sect has not expanded the base now is because their radar has not been completely installed, and they have not yet completely restrained the opponent's trap array. If they had such means, they would have expanded long ago and would not wait until now.

Now it's good, the radar is finally completed, and they can finally attack. Thinking of this, Wen Yuming couldn't help but feel excited. Looking at the disciples of Shenji Hall who were cheering, Wen Yuming was also very happy. He was about to go After telling Wen Wenhai the good news, he heard a voice saying: "What? It's been completed?"

Wen Yuming knew from the voice that the speaker was none other than Wen Wenhai. He nodded and said, "Yes, it's done. Now it can be officially used. Let them try it first. As long as there is no problem, then all radars will Everything is ready for use." After saying that, Wen Yuming took out the communication array and said loudly: "Carry out final debugging." A burst of promises came from the communication array.

After a while, the people from each adjustment team sent back all the news. All debugging had been completed, and all radars were working normally and could be used. Upon hearing the news, Wen Yuming let out a sigh of relief. Then he turned to Wen Wenhai and said, "Okay."

Wen Wenhai also nodded, then he took out the communication array and said in a deep voice to the array: "Old Bai, how are you?" What he asked was Baiyan. Baiyan is now the commander-in-chief of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, so he You must know how effective Byakugan's use of radar is, so you ask this question.

Bai Yan's voice came, and there was obviously a hint of excitement in his voice. He immediately said: "Very good, very good. Now we can see clearly the fighting situation on the front line. The fighting is very serious." Intense." You could tell from his voice that he was really excited.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, as long as it can be used, then we don't have to be polite. Lao Gu, Lao Bai, let's attack." Then two sounds of promise came, and then they were waiting at the Blood Killing Sect base. The army of the undead clan in there directly drove out of the Blood Killing Sect's base, and the Blood Killing Battle Fort also followed.

While the Blood Killing Battle Fort was driving out, it was still laying eggs. As the Blood Killing Battle Fort laid eggs, the shield of the Blood Killing Sect base was also constantly expanding outwards. At the same time, countless Blood Killing Sect members The disciples also began to move forward slowly. At that moment, the entire Blood Killing Sect was like a giant waking up, suddenly coming to life and starting to move forward.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and didn't say anything. Instead, he moved and returned directly to the command hall of the base. The command hall of their base is now built under the main radar base station. It is very large. There is also an inner space inside, including the command hall, staff office, conference room, and Wen Wenhai's rest room, all concentrated here.

When Wen Wenhai arrived at the command hall, he found that Chang Jun and the others had already arrived. There were many people in the command hall. In addition to elders like Chang Jun and others, there were also many staff officers and people responsible for delivering orders. Everyone was there. Look at a huge projection in the middle of the hall.

This huge projection is about ten meters in diameter and is circular. In this projection, the middle position is the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and the peripheral areas of the projection are exactly what is happening outside the Blood Killing Sect base. , now the peripheral area of ​​​​this projection is densely packed with people, and there are a lot of bright lights in it, which looks very eye-catching.

As soon as he saw those light spots, Wen Wenhai's eyes couldn't help but shiver, and he said in a deep voice: "These guys from the Yasha clan really prepared a lot of good things for us, and they actually created so many hidden traps. The magic circle, these guys are powerful enough." Wen Wenhai knew very well what those light spots represented, and those light spots represented the trap magic circle.

Chang Jun smiled and said: "They are making themselves uncomfortable by setting up so many traps. Do they really think that we can't deal with them? Now in our Blood Killing Battle Fort, we have to install countless traps all over the sky." Fire, and we have made a lot of new Mantianhuo now, those old Mantianhuo will be eliminated, I am going to throw all those Mantianhuo out, and there is no need to keep them."

Wen Wenhai smiled slightly and said: "Those old Mantianhuo should indeed be thrown out. The new Mantianhuo is made in the form of this trap circle. It is very powerful. Keep those old ones." It's of no use anymore, so just throw them all out. Judging from the fighting situation between us, the enemy has not used all its strength to deal with us, but we can, deal with them well." After speaking Wen Wen Hai turned to a messenger next to him and said: "Go, write a letter to Byakugan, asking them to better aim and throw out all the fire in the sky. Also, tell Shu Li to make all the alien yakshas be careful. Retreat and withdraw from the battlefield as quickly as possible, we will soon launch a sky full of fire."

Immediately, a messenger came and wrote down all his orders, and then spread them out immediately. However, Wen Wenhai and the others kept their eyes on the projection, wanting to see the changes in the projection. Sure enough, Not long after Wen Wenhai's order was issued, small light spots immediately appeared in the projection, and then those light spots exploded directly in the army of the Yaksha clan. As the light spots exploded After opening, the alien Yaksha also began to retreat, but they did not all retreat, but left some people behind to block the attack of the Yaksha clan.

When he saw what those alien yakshas were doing, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change, and then he said: "It is indeed the alien clan. It seems that those people are going to be sacrificed." Wen Wenhai knew very well that those alien yaksha clan If they block it there, all the Yaksha clan will gather together. When the Mantianhuo attacks, it will be a covering blow. By that time, those alien Yakshas will definitely not be able to survive.

Although those alien yakshas will die there, their sacrifice will bring greater casualties to those yakshas. The reason why the Blood Killing Sect wants to attack those yakshas with sky full of fire is actually the most basic reason is to kill those yakshas. All the trap arrays were detonated. If all the trap arrays were to explode, by then, those Yasha clan would really have to drink a pot.

The alien race has always fought without risking their lives. They don’t know what fear is. For them, death is not a terrible thing. As long as they are told where the enemy is, they will fight against it without any fear. Er's hesitation is why the alien family is so scary.

Wen Wenhai knew this, so he said this. The order he gave to Shu Li before was to have Shu Li withdraw all the alien yakshas, ​​so that although the alien yakshas would be safe, no one would go. By blocking those Yashas, ​​they can naturally find more places to hide, and the casualties of the Yasha clan will naturally be much smaller.

But Shun Li didn't do that. He might rather hope that some alien clan would bring huge casualties to the Yasha clan. This is very terrible. From this point, we can also see that the behavior of the alien clan Style, that is, even if I get stabbed, I will kill you. They are such cruel people.

Wen Wenhai had already anticipated this situation. He knew that the Alien Clan would not let go of the Yaksha Clan so easily. Shu Li had already said that death might not be a bad thing for the Alien Clan. There are some aliens who are still waiting for death to come, so death is really not a threat to the aliens.

Of course, this battle may also result in the death of many members of the alien clan, but Shu Li will not care. In his opinion, in a battle like this, some sacrifices are inevitable, and there is nothing to make a fuss about. Just die, their alien family has never been afraid of death, it's not a big deal.