c7241 Install radar

Chang Jun felt relieved when he heard what Yu Ming said. He nodded and said: "Okay, as long as there is no problem, when can we start installing this kind of radar?" Chang Jun also knew very well that he was not being polite now. By that time, the Shadow Clan's scouts had already appeared, which meant that the enemy would appear at any time. By the time the enemy's army came to attack them, it would be too late, so he really hoped that they would be known to them earlier. Let's install this radar. .

Wen Yuming said solemnly: "It can be done at any time. We have already made some radars and are still making them. We can install them while making them. There will be no problem. After all, the arrangement also takes a certain amount of time. , and we have also begun to prefabricate large radar base stations. I plan to build five radar base stations in the base. One is fixed and the others are movable. These radar base stations can be connected Together, we can form our own radar network when the time comes, and no one can sneak attack us."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, great, let's take action and make arrangements now. You may not know it yet, but now thousands of miles away from us, the scouts of the Yaksha clan have been discovered. The Yaksha clan's army may It's coming soon, if you install the radar earlier, we will be safer."

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, his eyes flashed with coldness, and he immediately said: "Don't worry, I will give the order right away." After saying that, he took out the communication array and gave the order directly. The people from Shenji Hall arranged the radar, and the person at the other end responded and put away the communication array after hearing the name.

But at this time, Cang Ming came over and said to Wen Yuming: "Lao Wen, when can you make us a radar to use underground, so that we can detect the enemy in advance." Cang Ming was actually very happy. He was just joking. Sound waves have a very limited propagation distance underground and are of no use at all.

But when Wen Yuming heard what he said, he nodded and said: "Don't worry, I won't forget you. It's not just you, we are still studying how to use that kind of sound wave in water." Okay, from now on our radar will be able to be used in the sky, underground, and in the water, so you don’t have to worry."

Cang Ming was stunned for a moment, and then he couldn't help but said in surprise: "Really? That's really great." He really didn't expect that they had already started research after hearing the name, but think about it, Shenji Hall Those guys are all a bunch of lunatics. If they can't use this radar in the sky and the earth, they themselves will be uncomfortable.

Wen Yuming smiled, and then said: "I'm going to go outside and take a look, and try to install the radar in the shortest possible time, so that those yakshas won't touch us under our noses, and we don't even know it yet. "After saying that, he walked straight out, but was held back by Wen Wenhai in a hug.

Wen Yuming looked at Wen Wenhai with some confusion. Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming up and down, and then said in a deep voice: "Lao Wen, what's going on with you? The last time I saw you, your body was The energy fluctuations in the body are very violent. It looks like there is a magic circle around the body at any time. Why don't you feel that way this time? But just arrange the radar? Could it be that in your Shenji Hall, besides you, Is there no one else who can install it? You'd better tell me your story. Aren't you obsessed? If there is really any danger, you must tell me. At worst, we can ask some ladies to let you know. The boss will come forward and give you a sermon."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Yu Ming said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Originally, this is what you were talking about. There is nothing to worry about. I was about to break through before, so the energy fluctuations in my body were so violent. Now that I have made a breakthrough, everything will be fine, so you don’t have to worry."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Yu Ming said, Wen Wenhai and the others were relieved. Then Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yu Ming with some confusion and said: "What's going on? If you have a breakthrough, you should be in seclusion? Why do you do this every day? Are you busy and still have a breakthrough? Do you have any experience? Tell us and let us listen."

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "The skills I practice are different from yours. The skills I practice are related to formations, so I need to understand more formations so that I can break through. Otherwise It's impossible to break through, so when I break through, I can't retreat. Okay, you don't have to worry about it. You just need to know that I broke through. I'm leaving. Don't go and stare outside. I really Not at ease."

Watching Wen Yuming leave, Wen Wenhai didn't say anything this time. Instead, he turned to look at the others and said, "Okay, everyone, go back and prepare. You all know that the Yasha clan may be coming. , then we must be ready to fight at any time." Everyone responded, and then turned and left directly, but this time they felt extremely excited, and the worried look before had completely disappeared. .

Now it is very lively outside. Many disciples from Shenji Hall have appeared. They are installing radars on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. They also need to debug it and tell the disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Fort how to use the radar. , if you use radar to find the enemy, lock on the enemy, and even use it to destroy the enemy.

At the same time, a huge radar base station was also started to be built in the center of the Blood Killing Sect. This radar base station was trapezoidal, with an astonishing height of about a hundred feet. It was made of metal with countless complex runes on it. The establishment of this base station , is the simplest, because you only need to let the blood gold grow to that high, and then keep pouring runes into it. This process will take a little longer, until all the runes are driven in. , and then the base station can be fixed.

As for what Wen Yuming said, the other four movable radar base stations, those radar base stations, Wen Yuming are going to build them directly in space, so there is no need to take them out, because those radar base stations have some It's different. They appear in the form of large magic weapons, a bit like the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, but their effect is not that great.

Just when the disciples of Shenji Hall were busy, Chen Li found Wen Wenhai once. He said to Wen Wenhai with a serious face: "Old Wen, the situation is getting serious. Now there are more and more enemy scouts. And the attacks are becoming more and more fierce. It seems that it won’t be long before the enemy’s army may arrive.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, his face couldn't help but change slightly. Then he turned to look at Shu Li and said, "Can you withstand it? If you really can't withstand it anymore, just retreat. Anyway, even if the enemy is coming, , As long as our base is there, we don’t have to worry too much, and the enemy may not come up and use that kind of trap array to deal with us.”

Shu Li said in a deep voice: "You don't have to worry about this. We have a lot of alien yakshas, ​​enough to hold them back. After all, dying in battle may be a good thing for those alien yakshas, ​​so that they can become a clan of undead." Once you have it, you can practice, so you don’t have to worry about us.”

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Be careful, you must be careful of the enemy's curses. The Yasha clan will use curses, so we must be careful of their curses. Curses are really too weird. Although We all have some understanding of the curse technique, but you should also know that there are no two identical curses. Even if the effect after being hit is the same, the antidote is not necessarily the same, so the curse technique can be said to It’s the most difficult thing to deal with.”

The people of the Blood Killing Sect have not used curses on a large scale yet, because the energy required for the curse technique is different from ordinary spiritual energy. There is a big difference, and there is also a big difference in its use and operation. , the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are actually more accustomed to using traditional methods to deal with enemies. As for curses, they naturally use them less.

This is actually related to the education of monks. Although monks cannot be said to be aboveboard in their actions, they have a natural aversion to things like poisoning, sneak attacks, and curses. It is precisely because of this that the curse technique, In the Blood Killing Sect, the spread is not very fast. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may be familiar with the curse technique, not many of them really study it in depth, because they will feel disgusted.

Of course, there is another reason why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect do not use the curse technique, that is, almost all of them are not afraid of the curse technique. Zhao Hai came up with it before, combining the method of breaking the curse technique with human skills. , and finally completely digested this method, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not very afraid of the curse technique. Although they are also a little afraid, but if they are afraid of the curse technique, they are really afraid of it. Less than.

Not being afraid of the curse technique does not mean that they do not pay attention to it. They know how powerful the curse technique is. It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai specifically warned Shu Li that those alien yakshas are no better than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They However, there are no external incarnations or energy array incarnations, so they have almost no immunity to the curse.

Shun Li looked at Wen Wenhai and said with a smile: "Don't worry, our Yikai Yaksha clan has actually been transformed by the young master. We now have certain defense capabilities against curses, so you don't have to worry. It won’t work, ordinary curse techniques won’t do anything to us.”

Wen Wenhai looked at him for a while, and finally nodded and said: "Okay, as long as you are prepared, remember, try to hold them back as much as possible. It is best to wait until all our radars are installed. In that case, No matter when they come to attack, we don’t have to worry about them anymore, just go ahead.”

Shu Li responded. In fact, he was not very concerned about such a battle. In his opinion, there was really nothing to worry about in such a battle. The alien clan, no matter what their original appearance was, , they are still like the alien Yaksha now. They have never been afraid of fighting. No matter what the enemy is, they are not afraid. Isn't it just to hold back the Yaksha clan? There is no problem at all. With the number of people in the Alien Clan, they can fight a big battle with the Yaksha Clan, let alone hold them back.