c7245 combat power

The Lion Heart Emperor is sitting on the main seat. This is a large lion-headed chair. Behind the large chair is a lion-headed statue. It looks majestic and domineering. There are many people standing in the hall, all of them are from the Yasha clan. Lord Panshan and King Xiaotian are also standing here, but Commander Lingkong is not here. He is not qualified to attend the meeting of the Lion Heart Emperor. .

The Lion Heart Emperor's eyes scanned the people in the hall like lightning, and then looked at everyone and said: "I think everyone has seen what happened this time. I won't say more about the process. I just I want to know how we will deal with the enemy if they attack us next time."

Everyone was silent for a while, and the Lion Heart Emperor glanced at them. Finally, his eyes fell on an old Yaksha. This Yaksha was not tall. He was wearing a black robe and sitting there with his eyes closed. But his head was a fox head, and the hair on his head was already white. He looked very old.

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at him and said, "Fu Xiang, please tell me." This old fox is the Prime Minister under the Lion Heart Emperor, and his surname is Fu, so the Lion Heart Emperor always calls him Fu Xiang. He is a very smart man and resourceful. , it can be said that the Lion-Hearted Emperor can be where he is today because of his great efforts, so the Lion-Hearted Emperor still respects this prime minister very much.

Fu Xiang opened his eyes, glanced at the Lion Heart Emperor, then bowed slightly and said in a low and old voice: "Your Majesty, in my opinion, the people of the Blood Killing Sect are not very powerful in combat, so just take As for their aliens, the combat power of those aliens may not be the opponent of our Yaksha clan if they fight alone. If they fight in groups, they are not opponents because they have no formation, but they are They are very brave, and it can be seen that they are not smart. If it is true as Lord Panshan said, those people are not the main force of the Blood Killing Sect, it is understandable. However, I believe that the Blood Killing Sect Their main force should not be much stronger than our Yaksha clan, because Lord Panshan mentioned their fight with the Blood Killing Sect before, so it can be seen that the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect is only on par with ours. In fact, there is no need for your Majesty to be too worried."

At this point, he seemed a little tired. He paused slightly, took a few breaths, and then continued: "But I'm afraid we won't be able to use the Divine Punishment Formation in the future. I don't know what the people of the Blood Killing Sect are like. Where did they know about the Divine Punishment Formation? I don’t know how they found a way to restrain the Divine Punishment Formation. I believe that not only can they find the Divine Punishment Formation far away, but they can also find it from a long distance. Yes, we detonated the Divine Punishment Array, and it was precisely because of the explosion of the Divine Punishment Array that we suffered such great losses. If the Divine Punishment Array had not exploded, we would not have suffered such great losses. , Absolutely not, I am absolutely certain of this."

When the Lion Heart Emperor heard what he said, he nodded unconsciously, because what the old fox said was really right. Looking back on it afterwards, he found that it was exactly what the old fox said. The reason why those aliens had The reason for blocking their attacks was because those aliens were not afraid of death. Although many of them died in the battle, no one was afraid. They were still attacking and charging. It was precisely because of this that they overwhelmed the Yaksha clan in terms of momentum. Their strength has not been fully utilized, otherwise this situation would never have happened.

But what really led to their failure was those Divine Punishment Formations. The power of those formations was indeed very huge, but they were somewhat uncontrollable. It was precisely because of this that the people of the Blood Killing Sect did not know where to start from. They found a way to detonate the Divine Punishment Formation, which caused them to suffer such heavy losses. This was the root of the problem.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor nodded, and then said: "Okay, let's continue." In fact, the Lion-Hearted Emperor also had a very complicated mood about the Divine Punishment Formation. The reason why the Divine Punishment Formation is called such a name is because This divine formation was not made by them, or in other words, the real control over this formation is not in their hands.

In the eyes of the Lion Heart Emperor, the Divine Punishment Formation was a magic formation given by the Yasha God in order to control them. This kind of magic formation appeared very suddenly. Just overnight, there were people from all the forces. After understanding the method of making the Divine Punishment Formation, they began to make it. But the difference is that no one at the general level and the commander level could understand the formation of the Divine Punishment Formation, while at the king level, although they could Understand the Divine Punishment Formation, but they can only make two Divine Punishment Formations at most. Some kings have not even comprehended the Divine Punishment Formation, just like King Xiaotian, who has not comprehended the Divine Punishment Formation. , so he has never been able to make the Divine Punishment Formation, but when he reached the King level, he could understand the Divine Punishment Formation, but he could only make five to ten Divine Punishment Formations at most. When they made the Divine Punishment Formation, Once they reach this number, they will suddenly forget how to make the Divine Punishment Array and only remember how to use it. It is precisely because of this that the people of the Yasha clan call this array the Divine Punishment Array. Array.

This name is not only because of the huge power of this magic circle, but more importantly, the time when this magic circle first appeared was really too coincidental. At that time, the Yasha clan was in constant war. There are wars almost every day, and people are killed. The major forces are also incompatible with each other, and the fight is dark and dark.

The population of the Yaksha clan was also decreasing rapidly. At this time, the Divine Punishment Formation suddenly appeared. The appearance of the Divine Punishment Formation caused the Yaksha clan to suddenly stop fighting and everything stopped. Down the road, although there will be some conflicts, they will all be small-scale. No one will engage in large-scale conflicts anymore, because no one will be able to break the Divine Punishment Formation, and as long as the Divine Punishment Formation is there, the enemy will It will bring you huge losses. In this case, no one dares to launch a war at will.

It is precisely because of this that this array is called the Array of Divine Punishment. This is a punishment from God to the Yaksha clan, so this array has such a name. Therefore, the people of the Yasha clan have always been in awe of the Divine Punishment Formation. It can also be said that they love and hate it.

Fu Xiang nodded, and then said: "I don't know how the enemy discovered the method of breaking the Divine Punishment Formation, but they must have this method. Otherwise, if so many Divine Punishment Formations suddenly exploded, It's really unjustifiable. The most important thing is that even the Divine Punishment Formation that was placed in the cow's belly was detonated. This is really very scary. It can be seen that the opponent has completely mastered the detonation of the Divine Punishment Formation. If we use the method of formation, then the Divine Punishment Formation is no longer a sharp weapon in our hands, but has become a sharp weapon in the hands of the enemy. As long as we take the Divine Punishment Formation with us, it is equivalent to bringing several huge The danger is around us. Maybe at some point, the Divine Punishment Formation will explode, and the only ones injured will be ourselves. To be precise, we have now discovered that the enemy can control the Divine Punishment Formation, which is actually a good thing. Because this way we can make preparations, at worst we don’t need the Divine Punishment Formation, we can still deal with the Blood Killing Sect.”

The Lion Heart Emperor frowned, then turned to Lord Panshan and said: " Lord Panshan, you have the most contact with the enemy. Please tell me. What other methods does the enemy have that we have never seen before? Tell them all. ." The Lion Heart Emperor had heard that Lord Panshan had received various methods from the Blood Killing Sect before, and it was precisely because of this that he took this matter so seriously.

Panshan Jun responded, walked out, raised his fist towards the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty, as I know, the Blood Killing Sect has several attack methods. One is the energy beast, which is a long-range attack method. , the people of the Blood Killing Sect can form a special magic circle, and can also use some special weapons to release these energy beasts. These energy beasts are war beasts composed of energy. Their bodies are all composed of energy. A kind of energy with strong combat power. The longest one can reach thousands of miles. The attack power is also very powerful. Because it is all composed of energy, this kind of energy beast does not know what death is and what fear is. They may not have the spirit. Intelligent."

"The second type is the arrow-like attack we saw today. We don't know the name of this attack. People from the Blood Killing Sect have used it before, but it is the first time it has been used on such a large scale as today. , I was also very surprised. The attack power of this kind of arrow is also very strong, but under normal circumstances, it does not pose any threat to our shield, but it can cause great damage to ordinary soldiers."

"The third is the attack of giant beasts. These giant beasts are not energy giants, but real giant beasts. These giant beasts are very huge in shape. They know some simple spells and have very powerful impact. Some of them are very powerful. It’s like our Fat Ox magic weapon, but those giant beasts are alive, and there are many giant beasts like the other party.”

"The fourth is the magic weapon attack. The blood killing sect's magic weapons are divided into two types. One is very large magic weapons. These magic weapons look like castles. The energy beasts and energy beasts I mentioned before are Those kind of arrows are all released from this magical weapon. This magical weapon can also be used for close combat. However, they have never charged with this magical weapon. However, the combat effectiveness of this magical weapon is indeed very strong. It is very powerful. There is also a small magic weapon. This kind of small magic weapon is a magic weapon used by a single person, but their small magic weapon is very special. Everyone can release it, and it can be released. There are many, those magical weapons will attack us on their own, and the attack power is also very powerful. When we fought with them before, we suffered a lot in the hands of their small magical weapons."

"The fifth is the battle formation attack. The Xing of the Blood Killing Sect will also form a battle formation. It is a very powerful battle formation and very powerful. Their battle formation is square-shaped, consisting of countless small squares. The large squares are very flexible in movement. We have played against them several times, but in terms of battle formations, we have never been able to gain advantage, and we have even suffered losses."

"Your Majesty, these tactics are the tactics we currently know. They may have other back-up tactics that we don't know about. The most important characteristic of this force is that it is very good at learning and correcting its own shortcomings. .”