c7246 analyze

After listening to Panshan Lord's words, the whole hall was quiet. What Panshan Lord said was already very surprising, because they all noticed that Panshan Lord did not mention the alien that they were fighting with. . The Lion Heart Emperor obviously heard it, so he looked at Panshan Lord and said, "Panshan Lord, you don't seem to have mentioned the aliens that are at war with us, right? How much do you know about those aliens?"

Lord Panshan turned to look at King Xiaotian, then turned to Emperor Lionheart and said, "Your Majesty, King Xiaotian should know more about those aliens than I do, so I'd better ask him to explain." Lord Panshan was far away, and all the eyes in the hall were focused on King Xiaotian.

Although King Xiaotian was very nervous, he still felt tremendous pressure being watched by so many people. After taking a few deep breaths, he stood up, saluted to the Lion-Hearted Emperor and said, "Your Majesty, minister I do know a lot about aliens, please let me know."

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded and said: "Speak." The level difference between King Xiaotian and the Lion Heart Emperor was two levels. The Lion Heart Emperor would not be polite to him at all, so he only said one word, which was already very good. It was a favor to King Xiaotian. Not only was King Xiaotian not angry at all, he actually let out a sigh of relief.

Then King Xiaotian said: "Yes, Your Majesty, when we first started fighting these aliens, we didn't know their names. When we first fought against the Blood Killing Sect, there was nothing the Blood Killing Sect could do." Those who conduct reconnaissance on us are because the Yaksha God is helping us. As soon as they enter the Yaksha God's domain, they will be discovered, and we will kill the people of the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect's people will be killed. After people enter the divine realm, they cannot see or hear anything, so they have no way to detect the situation of our Yaksha clan."

"But later, when the people of the Blood Killing Sect killed some of our tribesmen when they fought with us, they got some of our tribe's Yaksha teeth. Then they gave these Yaksha teeth to the alien tribe to eat, and the alien tribe immediately became evil. Now they have the ability to conduct reconnaissance in the divine realm, and the number of these alien clans is also increasing. I have an army of earth-walking yakshas under my command. The people of this earth-walking yaksha army said that the situations they encountered were the most representative. Xing, when they were fighting the Blood Slaughter Clan, at first the Blood Slaughter Clan couldn’t see clearly the surrounding situation underground. They had the upper hand, but during the second battle, the Blood Slaughter Clan couldn’t see clearly the surrounding situation. The insect clan in the killing sect that they had originally suppressed and defeated got a few yaksha teeth, and then those insects ate those yaksha teeth, and then those insects became almost like earthly yakshas, ​​and they could see clearly In the underground situation, we can also move freely underground, and what is even more frightening is that those insects that have become the earthly yaksha did not attack us, but were immediately eaten by other insects, and were eaten The bugs that had evolved into bugs actually turned into bugs with the ability of earth-walking yakshas. They relied on this method of eating their own people to quickly build an army of earth-walking bugs, and defeated the minister alive. The earth-moving Yaksha army, and those aliens seem to have such abilities. I saw many aliens. On the battlefield, after eating our Yaksha teeth, they changed their appearance and became very similar to our Yaksha clan. , those aliens we see today, but later, I don’t know what happened, but those original aliens can no longer be seen anymore, all we see are this kind of thing, they turned into this kind of thing, they look very much like us Alien from the Yaksha clan.”

Having said this, King Xiaotian showed an extremely shocked look on his face, and he continued: "I even suspect that many of the giant beasts in the Blood Killing Sect are also aliens and are eating our fat cows. After that, it became like that. In the past, the Blood Killing Sect didn’t have so many giant beasts. I wanted to use the floating island to directly hit the Blood Killing Sect’s base shield. At that time, the Blood Killing Sect’s people were very Nervous, they sent some giant beasts and all the energy monsters they could release to hit Chen's floating island. Only then did they block Chen's floating island. They didn't have that many monsters at that time. , but when I wanted to use the floating island to hit their shield for the second time, they suddenly had a lot of giant beasts. Although these giant beasts were extremely tall, you could tell by looking at their heads that these giant beasts The beasts and the alien clan are too similar. They seem to have enlarged the alien shape a bit and put a cow on their head. If this is really the case, then Chen's suspicion may be true. They really ate the fat cow. Afterwards, the aliens that evolved, if that were really the case, would be terrible.”

Listening to King Xiaotian's words, the expressions of everyone in the hall changed. If it is true as King Xiaotian said, then these aliens of the Blood Killing Sect can continue to evolve and eventually become extremely powerful. It would be really scary if the Blood Killing Sect kept sending these aliens to attack them.

The Lion Heart Emperor took a deep breath, stabilized his mind, and then asked: "Is there anything else?" He really wanted to know more about the Blood Killing Sect, and wanted to know what other abilities the Blood Killing Sect had. , now he really has to take a high look at the Blood Killing Sect, because this sect is really terrible.

King Xiaotian nodded and said: "Yes, this Blood Killing Sect seems to be composed of multiple races. This kind of alien is considered one race, and there is another race, which is the kind of metal ball that first appeared in the Yaksha Realm. , that kind of metal ball can turn into a magic circle, but that kind of magic circle turns into a human in the end. Those metal people are obviously intelligent, so I suspect that they are also a race of the Blood Killing Sect, and That is, the Blood Killing Sect has an undead army."

Having said this, King Xiaotian glanced at everyone in the hall, and then said: "This undead legion is also the legion sent by the Blood Killing Sect to fight us before. They are all undead creatures. These undead creatures are very disciplined. , they will also form a magic circle, they will also have armor on their bodies, they will also use magic weapons, they will also cooperate, they are just as brave and not afraid of death, and they are just as terrifying."

"In addition to the undead army, there should also be a very large number of ordinary monks in the Blood Killing Sect. Those monks usually line up behind the undead army. Their formations are also very neat. You can tell at a glance that they are well trained. , seeing the army in front, it was not chaotic at all, and it seemed that it had gone through countless battles, but we couldn't even defeat the Blood Killing Sect's undead legion, let alone their legions composed of ordinary people. "

At this point, King Xiaotian stopped and stopped talking. The Lionheart Emperor looked at King Xiaotian and said, "Are you done?" Although the Lionheart Emperor looked calm now, he was not at all worried in his heart. Unquiet, after King Xiaotian and Lord Panshan explained, he finally knew what kind of enemy he was facing, and what a terrifying enemy he was facing.

King Xiaotian lowered his head and responded: "Yes, Your Majesty, I have already said everything I know." After saying that, he stood there with his head lowered, waiting for the order from the Lion Heart Emperor. The Lion Heart Emperor waved his hand, King Xiaotian Then he retreated into the crowd and left without saying a word.

The Lion Heart Emperor glanced at King Xiao Tian, ​​then turned to Fu Xiang and said: "Fu Xiang, you have heard what they both said. I wonder what kind of price you have for the strength of the Blood Killing Sect? "The Lion Heart Emperor knows that the Prime Minister is very powerful. His power is not only reflected in his strength, but also in his intelligence. Therefore, he has always attached great importance to the Prime Minister's words, and now he naturally wants to hear them. Listen to the blessings.

Fuxiang said: "Your Majesty, from what Panshan Lord and King Xiaotian said, we can know that the Blood Killing Sect is extremely powerful. They have a large number of armies, countless giant beasts, and incomparable With strong learning ability, I believe they have used many methods during the battle with the Blood Killing Sect, but in the end they were all defeated by the Blood Killing Sect, including using floating islands to hit the opponent's shield."

"Although it is very undesirable to use the floating island to hit the opponent's shield, it is actually a very direct and terrifying attack method. Our floating island is huge in size and the impact force is very powerful. Strong, it can be said that this attack method is the method that our Yasha clan has always used. In the past, when the two major forces fought, this method was often used. This method can knock away those in front. All enemies, unless the other party also has a floating island."

"It can be heard from King Xiaotian's words that when he hit the opponent's shield for the first time, did he put away the eight-legged cow before the impact? So he was blocked by the enemy and could not hit the opponent. on the shield, so he failed. The second time, he would definitely not put away the eight-legged cow, but the enemy still blocked his floating island. What does this mean? This means that the enemy is attacking. From his The first time I used the floating island to hit, the enemy had already begun to think of ways to break this method, and they really found a way. No matter whether their giant beasts were aliens or not, they all found a way. I said Is that right?" At this point, Fu Xiang turned around and glanced at King Xiaotian. His eyes were no longer half-open and half-closed as before, but instead they were shining brightly, as if he wanted to see through people.

King Xiaotian's heart tightened, but he immediately bowed to Prime Minister Fu and said, "What the Prime Minister said is right. That's exactly what it is. When the enemy blocked the impact of our floating island for the second time, it was indeed better than the first time. Secondly, it is much easier. They are indeed making progress, and they are making progress very fast." King Xiaotian is not afraid of offending the prime minister. Although he looks thin, King Xiaotian knows that, and so does the prime minister. A master, and a master who is very good at using curses. He would never dare to offend such a master.

Fu Xiang nodded, then turned to the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty, judging from this situation, if you want to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, you cannot use simple methods. You must fight with them openly. Yes, please make a clear decision, Your Majesty."