c7243 Lionheart Emperor

Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, loud noises came, and light spots in the sky fell straight into the Yaksha clan's formation. As soon as these light spots fell into the Yaksha clan's formation, they immediately It explodes with energy of various colors. As soon as it is hit by this energy, someone from the Yasha clan will die. Such an attack seems to have no end.

The people of the Yasha clan want to rush forward, but there is no way, because in front of them, there are alien Yashas blocking them. Those alien Yashas are completely desperate in their tactics. They will not retreat, they just keep attacking and attacking. They desperately blocked the attack of the Yaksha clan. To be precise, they were launching a counter-attack against the Yaksha clan. Their attack was so fierce that they completely suppressed the Yaksha clan's attack for a while.

Some people from the alien clan clearly saw several of those light spots exploding not far from the alien clan. They were also injured, and some were even killed, but they were one step away. They didn't retreat, as if they didn't know what was happening around them, they were still moving forward and attacking with all their strength, as if they didn't know anything else but attacking. This was really scary.

The Yaksha clan is really a little scared. The Yaksha clan has always been famous for not being afraid of death. As long as they give an order, countless Yaksha clan will rush forward. They have never been afraid of death. They have fought with blood before. In the several battles of the sect, in the end, they always saved most of the main force in unfavorable situations. It is because the Yasha clan is not afraid of death. The people they leave behind in the end will defend their defense line life and death. Drag the Blood Killing Sect there so that the Blood Killing Sect has no chance to pursue, allowing their main force to retreat smoothly.

But compared with these alien yakshas, ​​the people of the yaksha clan found that they seemed to be a little behind. These alien yakshas really didn't care about life and death at all. Even though they were few in number, they still wanted to attack, and The situation is now very obvious. The people of the Blood Killing Sect want to use these aliens to block their way forward, and then attack them with long-range attacks. This will cause them huge casualties, but those aliens also They will die, but those aliens don't care at all. It's really the first time for those Yaksha to see such a race.

Behind the army of the Yaksha clan, there are many floating islands parked. On those floating islands, there are some flying Yakshas who are looking at the battlefield in front. They are really surprised to see the situation on the battlefield in front. , they really didn’t expect that the enemy this time would be so powerful.

On the largest floating island, several people are standing on the city wall of the floating island, looking at the battlefield in front of them. These people are all wearing black robes. These robes look very gorgeous. Among these people, there was one who was an old acquaintance of the Blood Killing Sect, and it was Lord Panshan.

Now Panshan Jun is standing next to a person. This Yaksha is very tall and seems to be two meters away. He is wearing a black robe with a large lion head embroidered on it, and he himself is also He has the head of a lion, a mane of hair, and his eyes are shining brightly when he opens and closes them. You can tell at a glance that he is a very distinguished person. In fact, this person is one of the few masters of the Yasha clan. The great power, the Lion-Hearted Emperor.

The Lion Heart Emperor and the Lion Heart Kingdom he controls are one of the few major forces in the Yaksha Realm, and they are also the major force with the closest blood-killing sect base. If we really count, Panshan Lord was once his subordinate. But he is only a subordinate in name. Lord Panshan will obey the orders of the Lion Heart Emperor, but he also has very strong autonomy.

This time, Panshan Lord was just like the Lion Heart Emperor. He was asking for help. He was prepared to use the Yaksha Divine Order and told them everything about their encounter with the enemy. He wanted to get the Yaksha clan to unite and deal with the blood. Killing the clan, but other people didn't believe it at all. No one responded to them at all. The only one who responded to them was the Lion Heart Emperor. And Panshan Jun knew very well that the reason why the Lion Heart Emperor believed his words was actually It's just because the Lion Heart Emperor is willing to believe it. As for why the Lion Heart Emperor is willing to believe it, it's actually very simple. Because the Lion Heart Emperor thinks this is an opportunity, an opportunity to annex Panshan Lord's territory, so he chose to believe in Panshan Lord. .

Lord Panshan's territory has always been independent in the past. They will hand over some supplies to Emperor Lionheart. However, Emperor Lionheart's imperial order can only reach Lord Panshan's level. As for how Lord Panshan controls him. The Lion Heart Emperor has no control over his territory, and the Lion Heart Emperor has always wanted to completely annex Panshan Lord's territory.

It is precisely because of this that after Panshan Lord used the Yaksha Divine Order, Lion Heart Emperor chose to believe Panshan Lord, and he directly came with his army to support him. In fact, he just wanted to swallow up Panshan Lord's territory. Because he came with a large army, no matter whether there are enemies or not, he will not leave. From now on, Panshan Lord's territory will be his.

But he didn't expect that there was actually an enemy on Panshan Lord's territory, and it was a powerful enemy. Looking at the battlefield in front of him, Lion Heart Emperor was really speechless for a moment. They really What I didn't expect was that I would encounter such an enemy here. It was really scary.

After a while, the Lion Heart Emperor's deep voice came: "Panshan, are these the people of the Blood Killing Sect you said? Are they really so powerful?" The Lion Heart Emperor was really shocked. He just now You know, it turns out that Mr. Panshan really didn't panic, and everything he said before was all true.

Panshan Jun looked at the battlefield in front of him and sighed softly: "These are just some of the people of the Blood Killing Sect. This race became what it is now by eating the Yasha teeth of our Yasha clan, but their fighting power, They are very powerful, but they seem to have never been the main fighting race in the Blood Killing Sect. They were only used as scouts before. The main fighting army of the Blood Killing Sect has not appeared yet, so I don’t know what they are doing.”

As soon as Lord Panshan said this, the Lion Heart Emperor's face became even more ugly. He looked ahead and said in a deep voice: "Is this Blood Killing Sect really so powerful? They are completely committing suicide now." Although the Lion Heart Emperor said I don't know what the Blood Killing Sect is planning, but they have definitely seen the current fighting style of those aliens. It is indeed very weird, and it is completely suicidal.

Mr. Panshan also frowned and said: "Their performance today is indeed a bit weird. I don't know what they are doing, but this kind of performance has never happened before." Mr. Panshan knew very well that such a I have never seen the Blood Killing Sect before. The fighting methods of the Blood Killing Sect were not like this before.

At this time, I suddenly heard a loud bang in the distance. The sound of this loud bang was very loud. Then I saw a huge mushroom cloud rising into the sky. A huge energy wave came from The direction from which the loud noise came was heading straight towards them, causing their floating island to shake.

As soon as they saw this situation, everyone on the island was stunned, and then Lord Panshan immediately changed his expression and said: "No, the people of the Blood Killing Sect should have already known that some of us have the Divine Punishment on their bodies. Formation, they just want to use this attack to detonate our Divine Punishment Formation, retreat quickly, quickly."

When the Lion Heart Emperor heard what Panshan Lord said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression couldn't help but change. He turned to look at Panshan Lord and said: "How do you know that the people of the Blood Killing Sect are using this method? Destroy our Divine Punishment Formation? How did they know we had the Divine Punishment Formation?"

Lord Panshan looked at the Lion Heart Emperor and said in a deep voice: "We have used the Divine Punishment Array before, but the number of our Divine Punishment Arrays is very small, only a few. We used three before, but because we were far away from the It’s too far away, so I don’t know how effective it will be, and now it seems that the effect is not very good.”

Having said this, Lord Panshan paused for a moment, glanced at the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "The Blood Killing Sect is a very strange force. Their learning ability is very strong, and they have even more research on the magic circle. We asked before King Xiaotian and the others who fought against the Blood Killing Sect said that at first, it was very difficult for the Blood Killing Sect’s people to break through the shield on their city, but later, as soon as they met, they destroyed the shield on their city. The shields are all broken, because the Blood Killing Sect has studied and understood their shields. Although our Divine Punishment Formation is very powerful, and the three Divine Punishment Formations we used are really powerful. They all exploded, but I can’t guarantee that the people of the Blood Killing Sect really have no way to study the Divine Punishment Formation. If they really have the means to study the Divine Punishment Formation, then they know that we have the Divine Punishment Formation. , knowing the power of the Divine Punishment Formation, and even knowing how to use it is not difficult."

The Lion Heart Emperor's face became very ugly. He looked at Panshan Lord and said in a deep voice: "Is that Blood Killing Sect really that powerful? Didn't you say that the three Divine Punishment Formations have already exploded? Then How can they study it? It’s not like you don’t know what the talisman of the Divine Punishment Formation is made of. Once the formation explodes, the talisman will be completely turned into ashes, and nothing will be left. What else can the opponent do? To study?”

Lord Panshan bowed to the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, I really don't dare to panic. The strength of the Blood Killing Sect is indeed very strong, very strong. I can be sure of this. As for them, Whether it is really possible to study the Divine Punishment Formation, I really don’t know.”

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded. At this moment, another loud noise was heard. The Lion Heart Emperor and the others turned around to see that another Divine Punishment Formation exploded. This made the Lion Heart Emperor and the others look like, Everything became extremely ugly. The Lion Heart Emperor knew very well what this explosion meant. It meant that the Blood Killing Sect might really be using this method to deal with their Divine Punishment Formation.

But what he couldn't figure out was why the people of the Blood Killing Sect knew that they still had the Divine Punishment Formation in their hands, and why they also knew that they should use this method to deal with the Divine Punishment Formation. Who told these things? Their? How could they possibly know this?