c7244 retreat

Lord Panshan is now certain that the Blood Killing Sect must know about the Divine Punishment Formation, and they are using this method to deal with their Divine Punishment Formation. This makes Lord Panshan's face become extremely ugly. He He turned to the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, now I am almost certain that the enemy must know about the Divine Punishment Formation. We must think of a way now, otherwise it will be even more dangerous. If If all those Divine Punishment Arrays really explode, our losses will be too great, and our losses now are already very terrible."

Mr. Panshan was right. The explosion of the two Divine Punishment Formations was exactly where the Yasha clan was most densely populated. This caused them huge casualties, and among their army, the number of Divine Punishment Formations was But there are quite a few, and it would be terrible if they all exploded.

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Send all the Divine Punishment Formations into the belly of the cow." The people around him immediately responded, and then went directly to pass the order, Lion The cow's belly that Emperor Xin refers to is the inner space of the fat cow's magic weapon. He is used to calling it cow's belly. Everyone around him knows what's going on.

The Lion Heart Emperor then turned to Lord Panshan and said: " Lord Panshan, what you said in the Yaksha Divine Order before are all true? Is this person from the Blood Killing Sect really that powerful? Are they really asking for this? Are you here to destroy our Yaksha clan?" The Lion Heart Emperor now really believed what Lord Panshan said in his previous divine order.

Panshan Jun smiled bitterly and said: "Of course it is true. The last time I found out that I was indeed not the opponent of the Blood Killing Sect, I had to use the divine order. Your Excellency, the Lion Heart Emperor, you should also know that the divine order has great effects on me." For me, how important it is, if it is not true, can I use it? Everything I said is of course true."

Having said this, Lord Panshan paused for a moment, and then said: "I don't know where this Blood Killing Sect came from. They are extremely powerful. What we see now is just one of their little sects." It's just a group of troops. Their army is lined up in a neat formation. It looks like a huge square, but it moves very quickly and changes formations very quickly. Moreover, their magic weapons and magic formations , are also very powerful. I heard King Xiaotian and others said that they used the floating island to directly attack the Blood Killing Sect's formation, but in the end they were stopped by the Blood Killing Sect using various means. The final result is that King Xiaotian’s original three floating islands have now become two.”

Panshan Jun looked at the Lion Heart King and said sincerely: "Your Majesty the Lion Heart King, I really didn't lie to you. Everything I said is true. I really did this for the entire Yaksha Realm. The divine order has been used. This time our enemy is definitely not simple and cannot be dealt with by a single force. Please believe me."

The Lion Heart Emperor was pondering. At this moment, he suddenly heard several loud noises. When the Lion Heart Emperor and the others looked up, the situation in front of them made them all stay there. They didn't know what to say for a moment. What was good was that they saw several mushroom clouds appearing in their formation. Next to the mushroom clouds were huge patches of white land. It was obvious that the Yashas there had long since disappeared.

"What's going on? Didn't you order them to put all the Divine Punishment Formation into the belly of the cow? What's going on?" The Lion-Hearted Emperor is going crazy. This time he wants to get Panshan Jun’s territory, but he mobilized all the elite troops in the country, just to take over Panshan Jun’s territory in one fell swoop, but now they were killed by the Divine Punishment Formation, so many of them were killed in one go. After a moment, he realized that at least one-third of his army had been lost. Such a loss was really terrifying and something he could not accept.

"Your Majesty, you have ordered that all the Divine Punishment Formations be transported into the cow's belly. However, those Divine Punishment Formations still exploded after entering the cow's belly. And because they exploded in the cow's belly, the space is relatively closed. , the energy finally burst out from the cow's belly, and the power was a bit greater than before, that's why this happened, but I really don't know why this happened." Standing on the lion A person next to Xinhuang said.

When the Lion Heart Emperor heard what his subordinate said, his eyes couldn't help but turn red. He was breathing heavily and looked like he was going crazy with anger. At this time, Panshan Jun said: "Your Majesty the Lion Heart King, we can no longer attack the Blood Killing Sect. I believe that the Blood Killing Sect's army will arrive in a short time. By that time, with our current situation The morale and morale of the army are absolutely no match for the Blood Killing Sect army. We must retreat immediately, and then ask Your Majesty to personally issue a divine order to tell everyone about the situation here. We must gather the power of the entire Yaksha world to come. Deal with the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise, the consequences will be disastrous, please make a decision as soon as possible." After saying this, Lord Panshan had already prostrated himself on the ground.

Looking at Lord Panshan who was prostrate to the ground, the Lion Heart Emperor was startled. He actually knew Lord Panshan very well. He knew very well that Lord Panshan was a proud and arrogant person. Otherwise, he would not have always been like this. Maintaining autonomy, it is precisely because of this that he was really shocked when he saw Lord Panshan suddenly prostrating himself on the ground.

When Panshan Jun saw that the Lion Heart Emperor had not yet made up his mind, he immediately continued: "Your Majesty, the enemy we are facing now is not something that anyone can face alone, and everything we are doing now is not just for us. Our own power is for the sake of the entire Yaksha Realm. Your Majesty, please make a decision as soon as possible."

The Lion Heart Emperor woke up immediately. He glanced at the battlefield. The Yaksha clan on the battlefield was already very panicked, because so far, except for the alien Yakshas, ​​they had not seen any other members of the Blood Killing Sect. people, but they have already suffered more than one-third casualties. Such casualties are really too big and terrible. Even if those Yakshas are not afraid of death, they will be afraid of him, so every one of those Yakshas are afraid of death. It was a look of panic.

Then the Lion Heart Emperor said: "Send the order to the whole army to retreat." Someone behind him immediately responded, and then immediately went to give the order. Following the order of the Lion Heart Emperor, the Yaksha army began to slowly retreat, but this time they were not setting up a trap formation.

This time the Yasha clan retreated very far, retreating about two thousand miles before they stopped. The Lion Heart Emperor stood on the city wall, looking at the direction of the previous battle. His face was so gloomy that he could drop water. , and Lord Panshan stood next to him, bowing slightly, looking very respectful.

"Panshan, are the enemies really that strong this time? Why can they even destroy our Divine Punishment Formation? And they still use this method? The most important thing is, they seem to be able to find our Divine Punishment Formation." The position of the formation is the same. I don’t know if you have noticed before. Although their previous attacks were very violent, they were very targeted. Where we have the Divine Punishment Formation, we received the most attacks." Lion Heart Emperor Now that he calmed down, he naturally recalled what happened on the battlefield before.

Lord Panshan said in a deep voice: "Your Majesty, I really don't know this. I have only had contact with the Blood Killing Sect once, but I have collected some information about the Blood Killing Sect and know that this is a force that is very good at learning. They are powerful and very cunning. They are very proficient in the use of magic circles and are even much stronger than us. When they first came to the Yasha world, they used a few metal balls to blow up the sky. Shuai and the others were deceived. Commander Lingkong thought it was a good thing because he got a few metal balls, but the metal balls turned into magic circles in the end, and then the people of the Blood Killing Sect were killed directly from the magic circles. came out, and finally defeated Commander Lingkong alive, but the Blood Killing Sect was not strong at that time, and it was very difficult to break through our shield. Only then did Commander Lingkong escape with his life. If the current He won’t even have a chance to escape from the Blood Killing Sect. This Blood Killing Sect is really terrifying.”

Hearing what Lord Panshan said, the Lion Heart Emperor also showed a look of palpitations on his face, and then he said: "It seems that this Blood Killing Sect really needs to concentrate all the power of our Yaksha Realm to deal with it. This is related to the life and death of our entire Yaksha world, so be it, I will immediately issue a divine order to summon everyone to deal with the Blood Killing Sect."

Lord Panshan saluted the Lion Heart Emperor and said loudly: "Your Majesty, the Holy Ming." His name for the Lion Heart Emperor has changed. In the past, he just called the Lion Heart Emperor His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, but now he directly calls him Your Majesty. A small change of title is to tell the Lion Heart Emperor that he completely surrenders to the Lion Heart Emperor.

A smile appeared on the face of the Lion-Hearted Emperor, and then he said: "That's all, I'm going to give the divine order now. I hope those people can understand our painstaking efforts." After saying this, the Lion-Hearted Emperor turned and walked into the room. , issuing divine orders also requires some procedures, and he must do it well.

The Lion Heart Emperor issued divine orders and the Panshan Lord issued divine orders. They were not on the same level at all. One was the Lion Heart Emperor, one of the largest forces in the Yaksha Realm, and the other was the less famous Panshan Lord. The two of them have completely different appeals. It is precisely because of this that no one will listen to Panshan Lord's divine order.

After the Lion Heart Emperor issued the divine order, he called all his men together. He had to discuss this matter carefully. How to face the Blood Killing Sect has become a very important issue. The distance of two thousand miles is really not that far for a flying force. They must be prepared for war. Even the others have all listened to the call of the Lion Heart Emperor and came to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. , that will also take time, but before that, they must face the Blood Killing Sect alone, this is something they must consider.

Although the Lion Heart Emperor said he wanted to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, he didn't want to kill all his men now. If he really did that, then forget it. This time he gathered everyone together. , formed an alliance to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, then he would not have any say in this alliance.