c7240 radar

Half a month has passed since the last meeting, and Wen Wenhai has not ordered an attack. However, these days, the alien yakshas who have gone out for reconnaissance have brought back news. According to those alien yakshas, ​​they are already thousands of miles away from their base. , the enemies were discovered. These enemies had not appeared a few days ago, but now they have appeared. Although only some enemy scouts appeared, this already shows that the enemies are coming.

Now the alien Yaksha clan has been strangled with the enemy's scouts. Every day, the alien Yaksha clan dies in battle and becomes the undead clan. Of course, the casualties of those Yaksha clan scouts are not small. Both sides have casualties on each other. Who is it? He didn't take advantage, which was not beyond Wen Wenhai's expectations.

Wen Wenhai knew very well that the Yaksha clan was very powerful, and their scouts should also be the elite of the Yaksha clan. It was reasonable to be on par with the Alien Yaksha. Even if the Alien Yaksha suffered a loss, it would not be a surprise to him. , it is not easy to have a tie now.

And this is what Wen Wenhai is worried about. He knows very well that the appearance of enemy scouts means that the enemy is coming, and this time the enemy does not know how many people will come. If they attack them with all their strength, they will need What kind of arrangement they have to consider.

But now they can't use their full strength because they are worried about the opponent's trap formation, which gives him a headache. That kind of trap formation is really a headache. Wen Wenhai is very worried, because with that kind of trap formation, The power can threaten the mountain-protecting formation of their Blood Killing Sect. If there is really a problem with their mountain-protecting formation, it will be troublesome.

At this time, Wen Yuming sent a message to Wen Wenhai, asking Wen Wenhai to come to the hall for a meeting and call all the core elders over. He had something important to announce. When Wen Wenhai heard what Yu Ming said, his heart couldn't help but move. He felt that Wen Yu Ming must have something important to say, otherwise he wouldn't have done this.

Wen Wenhai immediately notified everyone to gather in the main hall, they were going to have a meeting. The core elders of the Blood Killing Sect quickly gathered in the main hall. They also knew what happened outside recently and knew that the Yasha clan might be coming. It was precisely because of this that they felt a little heavy.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Everyone, it's not my intention to call everyone here this time, it's Lao Wen's intention. Lao Wen, what's the matter with you? , just tell everyone." After saying that, Wen Wenhai went back to his seat and sat down.

Wen Yuming was not polite and walked directly to the front, turned around, glanced at everyone, and then said: "During the last meeting, Elder Wen gave us Shenji Hall a task, which is to allow us to Find a way to discover the enemy's trap array from a long distance, and preferably destroy the opponent's array. To be honest, when we first heard about this mission, we really had a headache. I don't know. We started there, but luckily, at this time, a few ladies gave us a hint, and we got some ideas.”

Having said this, Wen Yuming took out a jade slip and placed it directly on a projection array. Then, several pot-like things immediately appeared on the projection array. On the bottom of the outer pot There is also a very complicated magic circle at the location, and this magic circle is actually a spherical magic circle, which looks very weird.

Wen Yuming directed the projection and said: "This is what we have researched these days. The ladies gave him a name called Radar. No matter what his name is, let's talk about his function. This The purpose of the thing is to find enemies in the distance, or even things we specify to find.”

As soon as they heard what Yu Ming said, everyone was stunned. They all stared blankly at the projection next to Wen Yu Ming. Could that pot-like thing have such great power? impossible? Everyone looked at the thing on the projection with suspicion, with a trace of disbelief on their faces.

Wen Yuming looked at everyone and was not angry. Instead, he said to them: "Let me explain the principle of this thing. The principle of this thing is learned from bats. Bats are nocturnal creatures. , their eyes are not very useful, but they have never seen anything. That is because their mouths can emit a sound wave that we cannot hear. When this sound wave encounters something, it will be reflected back. , but they can hear this kind of sound wave, and then they will know that there is something in front of them, and the principle of our magical weapon is also based on this."

At this point, Wen Yuming paused, flicked the pot-like magic weapon with his hand, and then said: "We discovered a kind of sound wave. This kind of sound wave is called cloud wave. Its transmission speed is not It’s very fast, and you can’t hear his voice at all, but his transmission distance is very far. After encountering something, it can be reflected back, so we chose this kind of sound wave as this magical weapon. The sound waves used, this magical instrument looks like this when it is used." Following Wen Yuming's movements, a pole appeared behind the pot-like thing in the projection, and the pot was hanging on On the pole, the pot then started to rotate, rotating around the pole. At the same time, ripples appeared on the pot, shooting into the distance.

Wen Yuming commanded this image and said: "As the radar moves, he will keep emitting sound waves. If the sound waves encounter something far away, they will be reflected back, and then pass through this array to form an image. In front of us, and in this sonic sound, we also conducted some experiments, and finally found out a frequency unique to that magic circle."

Speaking of this, Wen Yuming clicked on the image again, and saw that the pot suddenly became smaller, and in the distance of the pot, a sphere appeared. Then after the ripples encountered the sphere, they reflected After coming back, it was picked up by the pot. Seeing this, everyone understood the working principle of this radar.

Wen Yuming said: "Now we have produced this kind of radar. There are two types. One is this kind of radar that can be rotated. We are going to put this kind of radar on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and the other One kind is a large radar, which is very huge. We are going to put it in our base." While talking and smelling, he clicked on the image again, and as he moved, another image appeared on the image. Another radar, that radar is a very huge radar, it looks much bigger than an ordinary house.

Wen Yuming then said: "These two radars can not only find the enemy's trap arrays, but can also detonate the two trap arrays. Even if the enemy puts the trap arrays into space equipment, they will not be able to detect them." Even if we don't find it, when the enemy wants to use the trap array, we can also use the radar to emit energy waves and directly seal the trap array. It's the same thing, that is, a sound wave shield is formed outside the trap circle to protect him and prevent him from using it."

Bang bang bang, a burst of fierce applause came. Wen Wenhai and the others all stood up with excitement. They are really too advanced. In their view, this is really an epoch-making product. , it’s really useful. With this thing, no one can sneak attack them anymore.

Wen Yuming hugged everyone, with a smile on his face. Wen Wenhai quickly stepped forward and hugged Wen Yuming. He laughed and said, "Okay, Lao Wen, that's great. This thing is really important to our Blood Killing Sect." Yes, with this thing, we can detect the enemy early. Tell me, how far away can this thing detect the enemy?"

Wen Yuming also hugged Wen Wenhai vigorously before letting go and said in a deep voice: "This kind of radar that can turn can only detect enemies two thousand miles away, but this large radar can detect enemies at the furthest distance." It can detect enemies thousands of miles away, but this thing also consumes a lot of energy. If you want the radar to maintain normal operation, you need at least four yin and yang thunder pools on each radar, two for power supply and two for backup. .”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "These are not problems. I just want to ask if there will be any problems if this radar is installed on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. As long as there is no gap problem, it will be fine." Wen Wenhai Hai Cai doesn't care about that much. He just wants to know whether the radar can be used.

After hearing the name, he immediately said: "There is absolutely no problem. It will not have any impact on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. On the contrary, it will also have certain benefits for the Blood Killing Battle Fort. In the future, the Blood Killing Battle Fort can be two thousand miles away." , launches a sky full of fire and energy beasts to attack a target two thousand miles away. As long as the radar detects the enemy and locks on the enemy, the sky is full of fire and energy beasts, and it can attack the enemy."

Chang Jun calmly said at this time: "What about the anti-interference ability? Didn't you say this is a kind of sound wave? But on the battlefield, there are all kinds of sounds, will that cause any damage to this kind of radar? What kind of interference? If that's really the case, there's no way to use it, and it's easy to be broken." Chang Jun is still relatively calm. What he is better at is discovering some shortcomings, so he will At this entrance, ask this question.

When Wen Yuming heard what Chang Jun said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Don't worry, there is absolutely no problem. This kind of cloud wave is not the most original cloud wave. When we tested it, we discovered that the most The original cloud wave will be disturbed to a certain extent, so we made the cloud wave into a cloud wave cluster, and also added some other energy into it, so the cloud wave will never be disturbed. "

Wen Yuming and the others had indeed thought of this problem before. When they were testing Yunbo, they found that Yunbo was interfered by sound waves and could not be used at all. They were all very surprised, and finally found a way to enter Yunbo. After a certain degree of compression, it became a cloud wave cluster. In this cluster, several other types of sound wave energy were added, and this became the current radar. Today's radar has very strong anti-interference ability.