c7249 sacrifice

Xiang Yu couldn't help but become more puzzled when he looked at the faces of Lu Fang and the others. He didn't quite believe Lu Fang's words at first, but now that Lu Fang looked like he wasn't panicking, he couldn't help but become more curious. , he now wants to see what the Blood Killing Sect is like.

At this time, he suddenly heard Lu Fang's voice: "Be careful, there are enemies ahead." Following Lu Fang's voice, all the flying yakshas around him became nervous, took out their weapons and prepared their weapons. They were ready to fight at any time, and the expressions on everyone's faces were very nervous.

When Xiang Yu heard what Lu Fang said, he couldn't help but be startled. When he looked up, he found a group of flying yakshas not far in front of them, flying towards them. These flying yakshas all had weapons in their hands. , but the appearance of these flying yakshas was something he had never seen before. The leader of the flying yakshas was so fierce that it made people's scalp numb just looking at them.

Lu Fang then turned to Lu and said to Xiang Yu: "These people look like we are the Yaksha clan, but in fact they are not. They are a race of the Blood Killing Sect, because they killed our Yaksha clan and ate our Yaksha clan's Yaksha clan." Teeth, and then they became like this. If you see them in the future, you must kill them immediately. Don't be polite, because they are not from our clan. Everyone, pay attention, kill them." After saying this, he held up his hand. The spear inside killed him directly.

Although Xiangyu is a messenger, he is also a flying yaksha and a master, so when he moves his hand, he also has an additional weapon in his hand. His weapon is two long hooks with hook heads like eagle claws. Knowing that these two weapons were very powerful, he immediately followed Lu Fang and the others and pounced on them.

Xiang Yu has already seen that the enemies on the other side only number a few dozen, but their team has a thousand people. In this case, they are afraid that they will kill all the enemies with just one charge, so He didn't care. In his opinion, the Lion Heart Emperor's men were too nervous. A thousand people were fighting against dozens of enemies. There was no need to be so nervous. The enemy might not see so many of them. After that, he might just run away without even having to fight.

But what happened was completely beyond his expectation. After seeing them, the enemies not only did not run away, but on the contrary, they all came up to meet them. Looking at their appearance, they seemed to be very excited. The big mouth with fangs was roaring, and its eyes were glowing red, looking bloodthirsty and crazy.

As soon as he saw the eyes of those enemies, Xiang Yu couldn't help but feel a sudden shock in his heart. This was the first time he saw such eyes. There was no extraneous feeling in those eyes. They were all filled with bloodthirsty and crazy emotions, as if they didn't even know they were there. There was no other feeling, just bloodlust and madness. Xiangyu knew from the look in his enemies' eyes that these enemies were not easy to deal with.

Those enemies had no intention of retreating at all. On the contrary, they were still charging, with dozens of people charging towards their army of thousands. This approach, in Xiangyu's opinion, was really crazy. But the enemy just did it, and it was so natural that Xiang Yu had to think that the enemy had already gone crazy.

At the same time, Xiangyu also became cautious. In his opinion, if the enemy charged like this, they must be very powerful, and he might really defeat them, so he also put away his contempt and became cautious. The distance between the two sides was getting closer and closer, and soon they were about to touch each other. With five shouts, the charging speed was a little faster, and they crashed into each other.

Because Xiang Yu was an envoy, he was protected by Lu Fang and the others. He could see very clearly that the enemies rushed over directly, and then the weapons in their hands stabbed Lu Fang in front of him. Lu Fang dodged and struck directly. He let go of the opponent's attack, and at the same time, he turned the spear in his hand and struck it at his side instead of attacking the enemy.

Just when Xiang Yu didn't understand what was going on, he heard a bang. Lu Fang's weapon actually hit a long tail. The tail stabbed out silently. If Lu Fang hadn't blocked the blow. , that tail is probably going to stab Lu Fang. The speed of the tail is too fast and the attack is too weird. It is really hard to guard against.

But what happened next surprised Xiang Yu. Although the enemies had strong attack power and good defense, their strength was not as strong as Xiang Yu imagined. With one charge, those enemies were wiped out. , seeing those enemies falling from the sky to the ground, Xiang Yu couldn't help but froze there. He looked at Lu Fang with some confusion, but found that Lu Fang didn't mean to relax at all. Instead, he said loudly: "Let's go quickly." , get out of here." After saying that, he took the avatar and flew next to him. It seemed that he was about to change his route.

Xiangyu was very dissatisfied with Lu Fang's approach. The opponent was obviously not strong, so why was he still so nervous? Could it be said that all the Lionheart Emperor's men are such cowards now? Thinking of this, Xiang Yu couldn't help but glance at Lu Fang, and then said: "General Lu, don't be so nervous, right? I don't think those enemies are strong, so why are you so nervous?"

Lu Fang turned to look at Xiang Yu, and then he said in a deep voice: "Although those guys are not very strong, they are a group of lunatics. They never know what it means to be afraid, nor what it means to retreat. Their They are not weak in strength, and they are not afraid of death. The most important thing is that they still carry poison, a very powerful poison. If we are poisoned, it will be difficult to save us. It was these guys before, and so on. A small number of troops are holding us back. They seem not to retreat, but to attack. No matter how many they have, it is no more than how many of us there are. They can only attack. Being entangled by such a madman is really disturbing. It’s too dangerous. The sounds they made before may be calling their companions. If we don’t leave, we will be surrounded by more and more enemies, and then we will be doomed.”

Having said this, Lu Fang paused for a moment, and then said: "These people are just some scouts from the Blood Killing Sect. We have not encountered the real army of the Blood Killing Sect yet. To be honest, I have never seen the Blood Killing Sect before. Zong's army. This time can be regarded as a reconnaissance." After speaking, Lu Fang flew forward.

Xiang Yu listened to Lu Fang's words, but he really disagreed, but he also knew that this was not the territory of the Sky Eagle Emperor after all, so it was better for them not to say anything, but he secretly remembered the matter. After coming down, it seemed to him that the people under the Lion Heart Emperor had lost their courage. If they wanted to deal with the Lion Heart Emperor in the future, it would not be too difficult.

In this way, they moved forward, and after flying for about two hours, they saw a huge ball of light in front of them. Lu Fang and the others slowed down immediately, and then they carefully moved towards the ball of light. , and quickly stopped at a place only about five miles away from the square ball. At this time, they could already see the light ball clearly, and they could also see clearly what was inside the light ball.

When Xiangyu saw what was inside the light ball, he couldn't help but be surprised. He saw countless people busy inside the light ball. He also saw a man lying on the ground inside the light ball. There are huge beasts. The shapes of those giant beasts are very huge, and there are all kinds of them. They are very scary. The most important thing is that there are many castles parked in the sky inside the light ball. Those castles It seems to be all metal.

Just when Xiang Yu wanted to get closer and take a closer look, he heard Lu Fang say: "We can't get any closer now. It's already very dangerous. I dare say that the enemy may have discovered us now. We must immediately Let's go, otherwise you might be surrounded by those lunatics from behind, let's go." After saying that, he led Xiang Yu and the two of them away.

Just as Xiangyu was about to say something, he suddenly saw a group of people flying out of the light ball. The group of people flew straight in their direction. At this time, Xiangyu didn't dare to say anything, so he just Flying backwards, Lu Fang also led the people to protect the two of them. They raised their speed to the limit and flew backwards quickly.

At this moment, Lu Fang's eyes couldn't help but condense, because he saw that just in front of them, there were countless black spots, surrounding them. Lu Fang's face suddenly became extremely ugly, and he turned around He turned to Xiang Yu and said: "Two envoys, do you have a teleportation array with you? If you do, use it right away. Otherwise, I'm afraid we won't be able to leave. We can die here, but you can't. Here, if you die here, no one will believe what we say, and they will think that we are lying to them, and then our Yasha clan will be in danger."

Xiangyu also saw the black spots in front. He would not think that those black spots were the Lion Heart Emperor's men. If the Lion Heart Emperor would send so many people to protect them, then Lu Fang would not be allowed to lead only one person. More than a thousand people brought him here. Obviously, those black spots are enemies. Those enemies are still far away from them now, but I believe they will be here soon.

Xiang Yu looked at Lu Fang and said in a deep voice: "Let's kill them now. While the enemy has just surrounded us, maybe we can kill them. After all, their strength is not very strong, and the strength of each of us is Be stronger than those people." Xiang Yu didn't want Lu Fang and the others to die here. After all, they followed Lu Fang and the others out, and in the end only the two of them went back. , that would lose the face of the Sky Eagle Emperor.

Lu Fang didn't appreciate it at all. He turned to look at Xiang Yu and snorted coldly: "It's useless, those people are all madmen, and they can know our location thousands of miles away." , how is it possible that the encirclement has not been completed yet? We have no intention of going back alive when we come out this time. I only hope that after you go back, you can tell His Majesty the situation here. After all, our Yasha clan now has no intention of returning to this blood-killing sect. We really know too little about it. This time we have a close observation of the Blood Killing Sect. Although the information we got is not a lot, it is of certain value. Now we are not just for our Lion Heart Country, but for the entire Yaksha Realm, let’s go, let’s go quickly.”