c7255 Prajna Temple

"King Kong, in simple words, is a material that can be broken by nothing and cannot be broken by anything. It can also be understood as a state. This is a term often used in Buddhism, and King Kong The Vajra Prajnaparamita Sutra, also known as the Vajra Prajnaparamita Sutra, or the Powerful Breaking Vajra Prajnaparamita Sutra, feels that the name of this sutra is very interesting. It actually represents several realms of Buddhist practice, such as the Diamond Sutra, which is the simplest , the simplest way to put it, it sounds like it is a sutra that teaches you to achieve the goal of achieving nothing and nothing can be broken. But this is only the simplest understanding, and the meaning of the Vajra Prajna Paramita Sutra is It has reached a higher level, which means that you have to use diamond-like wisdom to transform your own sutra. And the Sutra that can break the Vajra Prajna Han Ramita has two more words that can break. The two words are very easy to understand. It means being able to break a material as hard as a diamond. In this way, the meaning of this sutra is taken to a higher level. It becomes a sutra that uses the wisdom that can break a material as hard as a vajra to transform oneself. Wen, this realm is naturally a step higher..."

Fa Jing is sitting on the Dharma altar, lecturing to the people in front of him, and the people in front of him are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who have emotional problems. Now these disciples are all sitting There, I was listening to Fajing's sermon, and behind Fajing, there were many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect sitting. These disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all wearing monk robes and had all been ordained. They were preparing to study with Fajing. A disciple of the Blood Killing Sect of Buddhism.

The current location of Fajing is in a temple on a mountain in the Xuanwu Space of the Blood Killing Sect. This temple is newly built, called Prajna Temple. It was built by Laura and the others, and they also selected a group of The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered the Prajna Temple and studied Buddhism with Fajing, and Fajing naturally became the abbot of the Prajna Temple.

When Fa Jing was lecturing on the sutras, he did not speak obscure words that were too difficult for people to understand. On the contrary, when he was lecturing on the sutras, he spoke in vernacular so that the listeners could fully understand them. What he meant, of course, he would also explain. This was just his meaning. Those disciples who listened to the scriptures and wanted to know more had to understand it themselves.

While preaching, Fa Jing thought about the situation when Laura and the others called him over. At first, he really didn’t understand why Laura and the others called him over. Finally, after listening to Laura and the others, Fa Jing There was a hint of joy in Jinggujing Wubo's mood. He was a monk. Of course he wanted to promote Buddhism, but in the Blood Killing Sect, this was almost impossible, but now Laura and the others agreed with him. After doing this, he was naturally happy.

So with this Prajna Temple, this lecture, and the disciples behind him, Fajing was very happy, but his heart soon returned to the state of Gujing Wubo. He knew that he had just It was because he was greedy. This greed cannot be understood literally. It includes many things. Greed for good times is also greed, just like he is now, so he immediately returned his state of mind to Furui Muha's. state.

Many disciples in the Blood Killing Sect have actually studied Buddhism, but the only one who has really studied Buddhism on earth intensively is Fa Jing. Fa Jing also teaches Buddhism on earth, and he tries his best to use all this knowledge. It must be spoken in words that everyone can understand. Due to cultural differences, some Buddhist terms on earth are not available here, so he must speak clearly and clearly.

Laura and the others sat in the space, watching Fajing's sermon. After a while, they finally said, "Fajing's speech is good. Although it's a family story, it can be seen that he really puts his heart into what he said. This way, Very good, we can rest assured." Laura and the others had actually been worried about Fa Jing before. They were afraid that Fa Jing's sermons would not be good. If something went wrong, their plan would not work. Now it seems that their worries are somewhat unnecessary.

Everyone else also nodded, and Laura smiled suddenly and said: "Okay, he said it so well, then we don't need to worry about it anymore. Let's talk about other things. Brother Hai is in retreat this time. It's been a long time, he has gone into seclusion, but the Blood Killer Sect still has to live its life here. The attacks in the past few days have been very smooth, which is also a good thing for us, but we must also be careful about the Yaksha clan. A counterattack will do.”

Meg nodded, and then said with a smile: "Sister, I don't think we have anything to worry about. Look, Wen Wenhai and the others are doing a very good job. Leave the outside matters to them. We just need to ensure that we are here." As long as there is no problem, there is no need to worry too much. And in my opinion, although Brother Hai is in seclusion, if something really happens, he will definitely know about it. In fact, we really don’t need to go too far. Worry."

Laura frowned and said: "But the change in the disciple's mood this time is actually very dangerous. If Wen Wenhai hadn't discovered it early, more disciples might have problems. This is absolutely not possible. We must Just be careful to prevent something like this from happening next time.”

But Meg said: "I feel that Brother Hai may have thought that such a day would come. Our long battle here is actually the best test for the disciple's state of mind. After the battle here, , in the future when our Blood Killing Sect goes out and reaches Wanshan Realm, no matter what kind of battle we encounter, those disciples will no longer be afraid and will not retreat. This is what Brother Hai wants."

Laura was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "It is possible. After the battle here, when we go out, there will indeed be no one who can give us the Blood Killing Sect a headache, but what kind of encounter will we have?" We can all face things, and this is indeed the best place to hone our minds."

Meg nodded and said in a deep voice: "Not only the will, but also the magical weapons and techniques. It can be said that the process of fighting here is a forging process. Brother Hai should be what he wants to pass this time. Let us kill the sect with blood and turn it from a piece of ordinary iron into a piece of fine steel."

Laura looked at Meg and said with a smile: "As expected, you know Brother Hai best, that's all, then we don't care, let Wen Wenhai and the others do what they do, we just need to do our own thing well, let's go , go take a rest." Several people responded and followed Laura towards the hot springs. They also wanted to relax.

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others were also watching Fa Jing's lecture. After listening for a while, Wen Wenhai said: "This Fa Jing's lecture is really good. It seems that this step is the right one. A two-pronged approach." , the problems of those disciples should be solved soon, this is the best."

Chang Jun also smiled and nodded. He looked at the situation below and said in a deep voice: "Okay, don't worry about them anymore. It's time for us to move on to the next step. The attack in the past few days is still going well, but the Yasha clan's turmoil Sky Island is getting closer and closer to us. As soon as we want to attack, they will retreat immediately. In order to prevent the enemy from knowing, we have their kind of trap circle made of fire all over the sky, so we don't Attacking with sky full of fire, they ran away every time."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The territory we occupy these days is already very large. The floating islands that we fought with before have never appeared. Those are the main forces of the Yasha clan. They have never appeared. They should be Waiting, waiting for the reaction of other Yaksha forces. Regardless of whether those Yaksha forces will join them to deal with us, they will attack us once, and it will be a very violent attack. Those guys from the Yaksha clan are not like that. People who will be broken."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "I think so too, so the speed of the attack has been further relaxed in the past two days. I have ordered Shenji Hall to make more energy weapons and Mantianyan. At the same time, we also asked Lao Ding and the others to be prepared at any time. No matter what, we must be prepared and we must not give the enemy a chance."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said with cold eyes: "The Yaksha clan has never been very afraid of us. They are retreating now because they are just waiting for an opportunity. They may also think that they have the power to fight us. Then we must completely crush their thoughts and make them understand that our Blood Killing Sect is not an enemy they can match."

Chang Jun looked at him and said in a deep voice: "In this battle, I am not going to let them use Mantianhuo, so I will use energy weapons, or the old Mantianhuo. They will not be allowed to use the new Mantianhuo. We have to wait until the enemy's real army arrives before we can use it, but that kind of metal ball can be used, what do you think?"

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, actually, with this new type of sky-fire, that kind of iron ball, it doesn't matter whether you use it or not, and there is no need to hide it, just take it out and use it. This time the enemy will not It’s okay to come, as long as they dare to come, I must let them know how powerful we are.”

"They will definitely come, because they are the Yaksha clan. Although they look like the Yaksha clan, in their hearts, they are actually the Shadow Clan. When have you ever seen the Shadow Clan surrender? Even if they want to surrender, the Shadow Clan Even the power of the clan’s laws will not agree, and we will still have to fight when the time comes.”

"Don't let me know who is standing behind the Shadow Clan's power of law. As long as you let me know who is standing behind the Shadow Clan's power of law, I will never let him go. I must take him. His corpse was cut into pieces." Wen Wenhai really hated the people behind the power of the Shadow Clan's Law. Without the power of the Shadow Clan's Law, they might not have made it to where they are today. How could he not hate them? .

Now everyone in the Blood Killing Sect understands that there must be someone standing behind the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and this person wants to destroy the entire cultivation world from top to bottom. From this point on, It can be seen how powerful this person is. The current Blood Killing Sect is not his opponent at all, but they are not afraid of him because they have Zhao Hai. In their opinion, as long as they grow up, As long as Zhao Hai becomes stronger, sooner or later, they can defeat the person who stands behind the power of the Shadow Clan's Law.