c7258 break through both wings

The Lion Heart Emperor looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect and naturally saw the sky full of fire flying towards him. He snorted coldly and said: "Sure enough, this method is still used. Get ready." Following his voice, he immediately Some people went to make preparations, and the people behind the Yaksha army were all ready, and then the magic weapons flew out one by one, towards the fire-filled sky, and with a burst of roaring giant No, those magic weapons actually blocked Mantianhuo's attack. Only a few Mantianhuo fell into the army of the Yasha clan, but their effect was minimal.

Gu Yuanzheng naturally saw this situation. He was stunned at first, but then smiled slightly and said: "They all said before that the Yasha clan is very smart and will definitely think of ways to restrain our methods. Now it seems that it is true. Although their method may seem stupid, it actually works."

Both Yama Wang Ling and Shun Li nodded, and Yama Wang Ling even said: "The attack of Mantianhuo is just like if, it was easily restrained. It seems that there are still many areas that need improvement." Yama Wang Ling and the others said: This situation is not very surprising. This old-fashioned Mantianhuo does have a lot of shortcomings in terms of power. This is why after the emergence of the new Mantianhuo, this old-fashioned Mantianhuo , the reason why it was quickly eliminated.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "After the new Skyfire equipment is installed, the situation will be much better." After saying that, he immediately ordered: "Send the order, the energy beasts attack." Following Gu Yuanzheng's words, countless energy beasts , flew out from the Blood Slaughter Sect's formation, and naturally the energy beasts were released from the Blood Slaughter Battle Fort, but they did not stop the attack of the sky-wide fire.

There is no good way for the Yaksha clan to attack energy beasts. They can only let those Yaksha attack with magic weapons. There are so many people from the Yaksha clan this time, so all of a sudden, the sky is filled with magic weapons. , and attacked those energy beasts. Although the combat power of those energy beasts was not weak, they were directly attacked by so many magic weapons and were scattered. The few energy beasts that entered the Yaksha clan's army, It was also picked up quickly.

Gu Yuanzheng snorted coldly, and then he gave the order directly. Following his order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately released their spinning swords. For a moment, the sword light was flying on the battlefield, and countless spinnings were made. The swords formed a huge magical net, covering the Yaksha clan's army.

The army of the Yasha clan also encountered this situation. They immediately released their magical weapons and prepared for defense. However, they still underestimated the power of the spinning sword. Many of them used to just They had heard that the Blood Killing Sect had this kind of spinning sword, but had never seen it before, so they underestimated the power of the spinning sword.

The characteristic of the spinning sword that it can attack continuously caused the Yasha clan to suffer a big loss immediately. They discovered that after you knock him away with this kind of spinning sword, he can fly back and attack you himself. This made the Yasha clan suffer a big loss. The people felt very headaches, and many yakshas were hit by the second blow of the spinning sword.

Gu Yuanzheng had been staring at the battlefield. When he saw this situation, he couldn't help but smile. Then he turned to Shu Li and said: "Old Shu, it's up to you." Gu Yuanzheng felt that it was almost time to let the alien Yaksha send troops. Well, he was actually very confident in the alien Yaksha, who was ambushing the flank of the army, preparing to attack the Yaksha clan.

Shun Li had been waiting for this moment for a long time. When he heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but responded excitedly. He immediately took out the communication circle and gave the order directly. Following his order, the blood-killing sect On the two wings, two alien Yaksha armies suddenly appeared. The speed of these alien Yaksha armies was very fast. They all held weapons in their hands and rushed towards them like the two wings of the Yaksha army.

The Lion Heart Emperor also noticed the two armies rushing over from these two wings. When he saw these two armies, the Lion Heart Emperor's face couldn't help but change slightly. He had seen the attacks of these alien yakshas. The attacks of these alien yakshas. It can be described as crazy. It would be too dangerous for these two crazy armies to attack their flanks now.

The Lion Heart Emperor immediately ordered: "The people on the two wings must block the attacks of the aliens. Quick, we are sending some eight-legged cows to the two wings to help them block the attacks of the aliens. They must block them." Someone immediately responded and then went directly to deliver the order.

But just when he was giving the order, those alien Yakshas had already rushed to the two wings of the Yaksha army. They plunged into the Yaksha army. Their speed was very fast. They didn't expect to kill many people. They only wanted to kill many people. Wanting to rush forward, they seemed to not know how to turn, and kept moving forward. Even if there were countless enemies in front of them, and even if their comrades around them kept falling, they still moved forward without a moment. When retreating.

Charge, keep charging, the alien yakshas are like crazy. They will attack all the yakshas in front of them, but if those yakshas get out of the way, they will not pursue them, they will just head towards them. Charge forward as if you want to completely break through the entire Yaksha army.

At this time, countless eight-legged oxen appeared in front of the alien yaksha. These eight-legged oxen had just been transferred by the Lion Heart Emperor to deal with the alien yaksha. Now these eight-legged oxen were finally in place. These eight-legged oxen were finally in place. The foot cow rushed straight towards the alien yaksha.

Facing the charge of those eight-legged cows, no one of the alien yakshas retreated or turned. They rushed over directly. Although there were countless alien yakshas who were knocked away by the eight-legged cows, they were still there Before dying, they would use their tails to give the eight-legged cow a hard blow.

Soon, those eight-legged cows were overwhelmed by the rushing alien yaksha army, and disappeared in the blink of an eye. Then the alien yaksha army continued to rush forward without any intention of stopping. The attack was really so crazy, not to mention the people fighting them, even the Lion Heart Emperor felt chills running down his back when he saw this attack.

However, he quickly ordered: "The army is encircled. I must destroy them all, quickly." Following his order, the yakshas began to attack the alien army from all directions, but the alien yaksha army was They didn't stop for a moment, they were still rushing forward, and they kept rushing forward, as if in their eyes, the only way forward was to go, and they only had a way to survive by rushing forward.

Because the Yaksha army wanted to encircle these two alien Yaksha armies, there was naturally a trace of chaos on the battlefield in front of them, and the attack power was also weakened. How could the Blood Killing Sect's army let go of this opportunity? Those magic cube formations, In the blink of an eye, it turned into a cone formation and rushed straight into the Yaksha army.

At this time, the Yaksha army really couldn't stand it. They were attacked from three sides, and all of them were so powerful. This really made them unbearable. The chaos on the frontal battlefield was getting bigger and bigger. In the end, they were almost unable to withstand it. Although the following army kept moving forward, they still couldn't stop the Blood Killing Sect's troops.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor, who was standing on the wall of the floating island, looked livid. He had thought that they might not be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect, but he did not expect that they would be beaten back by the Blood Killing Sect so quickly. He originally thought that, They could withstand it for a few days, but now it seems that they can't even withstand it for a day.

Fu Xiang was also looking at the battlefield. After a while, he sighed softly and said: "This Blood Killing Sect's attack is really crazy. The aliens they attacked on both sides suffered too heavy casualties, but they seemed to be completely I don’t care, they just attack blindly, I really don’t understand what they are thinking.”

The Lion Heart Emperor did not make a sound, just looked at the battlefield. Now on the battlefield, the army of the Yasha clan has been completely at a disadvantage. The army of the Blood Killer Sect has begun to advance in full force. If they go like this, they are afraid that These armies are really going to end, and the Lion Heart Emperor has already decided to retreat.

Prime Minister Fu then said: "Your Majesty, the enemy is powerful. We must retreat now, otherwise all our disciples will die here. Then we will not even be qualified to negotiate with other countries in the future. Please give your order." Just retreat, as long as some people are left behind to break up the rear."

Some people around Lionheart Emperor also said to Lionheart Emperor: "Your Majesty, please give the order to retreat. Too many sons and daughters have died. This is not a good thing for us, Your Majesty." In fact, Xinsheng retreat It wasn’t just the Lion Heart Emperor who was interested, they were also interested. However, the army was a little face-conscious before, so no one said it first. But if Fu Xiang said it first, then they would naturally follow suit, and they would not lose any face. , everyone has a step down.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor let out a sigh of relief. In fact, he was also the same. He couldn't let go and didn't want to say anything about retreat. Now that the Prime Minister had spoken first, he could naturally get off the donkey, so he immediately said: "That's all. Just back off while you're beheading. Come here, give me the order, and back off while you're beheading." Everyone responded in unison and immediately went to pass on the order.

Following the order of the Lion Heart Emperor, some of the Yakshas in the Yaksha army immediately stayed to cut off their queens, and those Yakshas who had cut off their queens began to work hard. This is the tradition of the Yaksha clan, but the other Yakshas began to retreat. , no one is staying, everyone wants to retreat as quickly as possible, retreat as quickly as possible.

This situation was also seen by the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Gu Yuanzheng looked at the desperate Yakshas and couldn't help but smile slightly: "It seems that the Yaksha clan can't stand it any longer and wants to retreat. That's all. I want to raise it again." It is impossible to eliminate them, so let’s eliminate those who are left behind first. These people do not seem to be the main force of the Yaksha clan. Their main force cannot be so small. The main force of the Yaksha clan must be They will come again, and we still have to fight the battles in the future. Send an order, don’t chase those retreating yakshas, ​​destroy all those who stay behind, and at the same time, allocate some people to clean up the battlefield."