c7251 attack

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded, feeling that what Zhu Yong said was very reasonable. When they fought against the Yaksha Clan before, they did find that the Yaksha Clan was a bit too weak. At least the Yaksha Clan that they fought against was not as powerful as It's really not very strong. You have to know that even in the snake world, those snakes have brought them a lot of trouble, let alone the Yaksha world, which is a level higher than the snake world. The strength here is really It's a bit unjustifiable.

Now when I heard what Zhu Yong said, I figured it out at once. Yes, the Yaksha Realm did not use all their strength at all. In other words, they had not thought about using all their strength before, but now it is different. Now they may have to use all their strength. If you want to use all your strength, you must unite all the forces in the Yaksha Realm. Then you must let those forces see clearly the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. Only in this way will the people from those forces unite and deal with their Blood Killing Clan together. Kill the clan.

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but said in a deep voice: "No wonder among the people they came this time, there were always a few people with portable teleportation arrays on them. Those people may be people from other forces who came to see us, and The Yakshas who are our enemies have convinced those people that they will send people to die again and again, which makes sense."

Everyone nodded slightly. What Wen Wenhai said made perfect sense. Zhu Yong said: "I think those people of the Yasha clan must have been prepared now and will definitely deal with us with all their strength. We must also be prepared. I think we should expand now, with all our strength. Expansion, before they are fully assembled and ready to deal with us, we will expand now and occupy a larger territory, so that the defense of our base will be stronger."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "What Lao Zhu said makes sense, then we don't have to think about anything else and just expand with all our strength. Now everyone goes back to prepare and start tomorrow. , push forward with all your strength, if you encounter a city with the Yasha clan, I will bulldoze it directly."

After finishing speaking, Wen Wenhai turned to look at Li Ji and said: "Mrs. Li Ji, I rely on you for logistics, as well as the Shenji Hall, radar, the new Mantianhuo, and more Sky-Swallowing Nets. They must all be produced, and we may have to start on several cities at the same time this time, these things are indispensable.”

Li Ji nodded and said: "Don't worry about this. The Sky Swallowing Network has been making it all the time. Even if you go to war with a hundred cities at the same time, there won't be any problems. The radar is enough for now. New ones are still being made, and as for the new Mantianhuo you mentioned, some have been made now, and large-scale production has begun, so there is no need to worry at all."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, this is best. Everyone, listen, go back and prepare immediately. We will take action tomorrow. Attack from all sides and expand with all our strength. We must occupy more territory before the enemy attacks us with all their strength. , go." Everyone responded, then stood up and walked out.

This order was undoubtedly a mobilization order for all personnel. At once, the entire Blood Killing Sect war machine was operating at full strength. All the Blood Killing Sect disciples were immediately organized and ready to go to the battlefield at any time, but none of them were Those who are afraid, on the contrary, seem very excited. For the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, if there is a war, there will be military merit, and if there is military merit, there will be hope for more benefits, materials, and skills, all of which depend on military merit. How could they not be happy if it was changed.

One day's preparation is enough for the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, here in the Yaksha Realm, even if the Blood Killing Sect's disciples are really resting, they cannot completely relax. Daily training is a must. Training is usually done in real illusions, so it is actually very easy for them to reorganize, because they already know that they belong to that army, and they can go to the battlefield directly after reorganizing.

Early the next morning, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already made preparations. This time, because they were going to attack from all sides, the giant beasts were all separated. Fortunately, in recent times, Shu Li and the others have not given up. The Stone Giant Bull Alien was made, so now there are a lot of Stone Giant Bull Aliens from the Blood Killing Sect, and a lot of them have been allocated to each aspect of the army. With the addition of the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, the equipment of the entire Blood Killing Sect army can be said to be very large. Pretty good.

With Wen Wenhai's command, all the Blood Killing Sect troops rushed out of the base. It can be said that this time it was a real attack from all directions, attacking the enemy from four directions at the same time. It can be said that this was the first attack of the Blood Killing Sect after they arrived at the Yaksha Realm. The most violent one, and the intensity of the attack this time was something the Yasha clan did not expect. They never expected that the Blood Killing Sect would launch such a violent attack at this time, which even surprised the Lion Heart Emperor.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor sat on the throne and listened to the reports from his men. In this day, the Blood Killing Sect conquered eleven cities in a row. The entire territory expanded in a circle and attacked from all sides. This approach , which really surprised him. He didn't quite understand what the Blood Killing Sect wanted to do.

After the people below finished reporting, the Lion Heart Emperor turned to Fu Xiang and said: "Fu Xiang, do you know what the Blood Killing Sect wants to do? Why did they suddenly launch such a large-scale attack on us? This has nothing to do with them. There is a big difference in what we did before." The Lion Heart Emperor really couldn't figure out why the Blood Killing Sect did this.

Fu Xiang was still like that, with half-closed eyes. When the Lion Heart Emperor asked, he still did not fully open his eyes, but said: "Your Majesty, I think the Blood Killing Sect may have guessed what we are doing. , so they are now starting to attack us crazily, firstly to further expand their territory, and secondly to consume the vitality of our Yasha clan." His voice was still steady, as if everything was under his control .

When the Lion Heart Emperor heard what he said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned, and then he immediately said: "Fu Xiang, you mean that the people of the Blood Killing Sect already know that our Yaksha clan is going to unite to deal with them, so they Did you suddenly attack? Is it possible? How did they know? "

Fu Xiang said in a deep voice: "Our behavior in the past few days has been too abnormal. Now we are almost certain that they must have a way to know our actions. They will know it if they are far away, and they have also set a trap. Wait for us. We may not be able to react once or twice, but if it happens three or four times, they will know that there must be something wrong. I think they have guessed our purpose, that's why we are like this. reaction."

The Lion Heart Emperor still looked surprised and said: "Really? The people of the Blood Killing Sect really have such abilities? They can actually guess this? What we did is not very obvious, right?" The Lion Heart Emperor said I really don’t believe it. They just sent people to see the Blood Killing Sect, and they can guess this. Isn’t this too much?

Fu Xiang said in a deep voice: "This is not surprising at all. Don't forget that we are enemies now, and they can tell at a glance that they are also people who have experienced hundreds of battles. What we did before is actually obvious enough. If they still If you can't guess it, then to be honest, there really is nothing to pay attention to, so they must know it, and then they want to deal with us, and they want to occupy as much territory as possible."

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded and said in a deep voice: "If this is really the case, then this Blood Killing Sect is even more terrifying. I don't know when the others will be able to make a decision. To be honest, this Blood Killing Sect is even more terrifying. , it’s really not something we can face alone, the strength they showed by attacking from all sides this time really surprised me.”

Fu Xiang said solemnly: "They have shown such strength now, which is a good thing for us, because they have shown strength, and we will be more prepared. What I am worried about now is that they have What they have shown is still not their full strength, which is the most troublesome thing."

Lionheart Emperor frowned, he was also worried about this. But Fu Xiang continued at this time: "Furthermore, the Blood Killing Sect is completely different from the internal fighting of the Yasha clan before us. Fighting against the Blood Killing Sect, every time we sacrifice one person, it is a real sacrifice. It is completely different from before. , if the Blood Killing Sect really wins, we will really be exterminated."

The Lion Heart Emperor was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood what Fu Xiang meant. The Yaksha clan is very peculiar. Their life inheritance is closely related to the Yaksha teeth. It can be said that the Yaksha teeth are related to their inheritance. The longest life of the Yaksha clan is only about a thousand years. After a thousand years, they will They will die, and after they die, their bodies will turn into black smoke and disappear, leaving only the Yaksha teeth. Then other Yakshas will collect the Yaksha teeth and send them to the reincarnation pool. As long as the Yaksha teeth enter In the reincarnation pool, it won't take long for a new Yaksha to be born. Whoever sends the Yaksha teeth will be born on whose territory the new Yaksha is born. It's that simple.

As for this reincarnation pool, there is only one place in the entire Yaksha world, and that place is not under the control of any one person. It is the holy land of the Yaksha clan. No one dares to occupy the reincarnation pool. If someone really dares to do so, it will Attacked by all the Yakshas, ​​not even the power of Shadow Clan's laws would let him go.

It is precisely because of this that after all the Yaksha teeth of the Yashas killed by the Blood Killing Sect are collected, it will be impossible for new people to be born in the Yasha clan. As Fu Xiang said, if the Blood Killing Sect really lets If they win, then the entire Yaksha clan will really be exterminated, completely exterminated. Without the Yaksha teeth, no new Yaksha will be born. If the Blood Killing Sect finally takes away all the Yaksha teeth, no If they are placed in the reincarnation pool, there will be no more Yashas, ​​and they will naturally be exterminated.

When he thought of this, a hint of killing intent flashed through the eyes of the Lion Heart Emperor, and he said in a deep voice: "There is another reason to fight to the death with the Blood Killing Sect, not only for ourselves, but also for the inheritance of our entire Yasha clan. We must fight to the death with the Blood Killing Sect."