c7256 Must fight

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at Xiang Yu, yes, Xiang Yu is here again. The Lion Heart Emperor looked at him and said in a deep voice: "Xiang Yu, did you bring me any good news when you came this time?" The Heart Emperor is waiting for news from Xiang Yu and the others. As long as there is no news from Xiang Yu and the others, no matter it is good news or bad news, he is ready to take action. They have not fought with the Blood Killing Sect these days, which has made Lion Heart Some of the generals in the country were dissatisfied. Regardless of which aspect they considered, the Lion Heart Emperor had to go to war.

Xiang Yu said in a deep voice: "Yes, His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, I have brought good news this time. The coalition forces will arrive here in five days, so please be sure to persist for five days. I don't know that His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, But if there is any difficulty, if there are not enough troops, then we can send people right away and send some people over through the teleportation array."

The Lion Heart Emperor shook his head and said in a deep voice: "No need, we are preparing for a battle with the Blood Killer Sect in the past few days. After this battle, we should not have much fighting power. We will tell them then. Yes, I have done everything I can. You go back and tell them that I will try my best to delay the Blood Killing Sect. If I really can't delay it anymore, then I can only say that I am sorry. You go back."

Xiang Yu gave the Lion Heart Emperor a deep look, then he clasped his fists at the Lion Heart Emperor and said in a deep voice: "Xiang Yu has made a note of it. When he goes back, he must report the words of His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor to our emperor. Xiang Yu takes his leave. ." After speaking, Xiangyu saluted the Lion Heart Emperor, then turned around and exited the hall.

When Xiang Yu left Lion Heart Island, Lion Heart Emperor immediately called all his men above the rank of commander to the main hall. After everyone arrived, the Lion Heart Emperor glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "These days, I have heard a lot of dissatisfied voices, saying that I am afraid of the Blood Killing Sect and do not dare to fight with the Blood Killing Sect. I only know Back off, right?"

No one spoke, but everyone lowered their heads. There were indeed a lot of such words these days. Some of them were said by people in the main hall. It was just behind the scenes. In front of the Lion Heart Emperor, But none of them dared to say a word, or even express any dissatisfaction in front of the Lion Heart Emperor.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor looked at the warehouses and said in a deep voice: "It doesn't matter if you don't admit it. I just need to know that I heard about it. The reason why I called you here today and to say these things is because I want to talk to you. Tell me what I think. The Blood Killing Sect has appeared here and is attacking us. And how strong they are. I don’t think I need to tell you. The reason why I didn’t let everyone fight before was because Yi Zai's retreat is just waiting for the reaction of other countries. If we come up and fight with the Blood Killing Sect and suffer heavy losses, then I am afraid that the Blood Killing Sect will not be needed to deal with us, and the people of other countries will just They will destroy us, so we can’t just come up and fight with the Blood Killing Sect, we have to preserve some of our own strength.”

Having said this, the Lion-Hearted Emperor paused for a moment. He glanced at the people below and said in a deep voice: "I know what you are thinking. Even if you are swallowed up by those people, you are just serving others as their subordinates. But the current situation is different from before. Now you have lost a lot of territory in your hands. And with the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, do you think that people from other countries will definitely be able to defeat them? Even if Can defeat the Blood Killing Sect. How many of the cities under your rule can be preserved, do you think? Without those cities, there are only a few floating islands, and you are just rootless ducks. Are those people really going to be like that? Do we value you? So now we should stick together as a team. We must maintain a certain level of fighting power and let those people fight with the people of the Blood Killing Sect. It is best for both sides to lose, no matter whether it is possible for both sides to lose, In the end, as long as we still have a usable power in our hands, our voices will be louder, do you understand?"

Everyone was not fools, of course they understood, so they all agreed in unison. The Lion Heart Emperor looked at them and said in a deep voice: "Although we have to maintain our strength, we can't stop fighting the Blood Killing Sect all the time. Xiang Yu just arrived. He said that reinforcements from other countries will be sent in five days." It will come later. Before they come, I am preparing to fight with the Blood Killing Sect with real swords and guns. First, I want to let those people know that we are indeed fighting against the Blood Killing Sect. Secondly, I also want to let the Blood Killing Sect know that we are fighting against the Blood Killing Sect. The people of the sect know how powerful our Yaksha clan is, so don’t think that we, the Yaksha clan, don’t have the strength to defeat them.”

Everyone responded in unison, this time the voice was much louder than the last time. Obviously, they still very much agreed with the words of the Lion Heart Emperor. They all wanted to have a fight with the people of the Blood Killing Sect. I want the people of the Blood Killing Sect to know how powerful they are, so that's why they do this.

The Lion Heart Emperor glanced at them, and then said: "Okay, let's go back and prepare. Tomorrow, we will attack. The people of the Blood Killing Sect have a way to see us, so we don't have to think about sneak attacks. We will march over with an upright army and fight with them to let them know how powerful we are." Everyone responded with a roar, and the sound almost lifted the roof of the hall.

Seeing everyone's appearance, the Lion Heart Emperor nodded with great satisfaction. Morale was usable. This was the thing he cared about most. The Lion Heart Emperor knew very well that they were far behind the people of the Blood Killing Sect. , the equipment cannot match, the strength cannot match, and the number of people cannot match. In this case, if the morale cannot match, it is really over, so today he mainly wants to boost the morale of these people. Only in this way can they have a chance to fight against the Blood Killing Sect.

After everyone left, the Lion-Hearted Emperor turned to the Prime Minister who stayed behind and said, "Prime Minister, are we ready here? There won't be any problems, right?" The reason why the Lion-Hearted Emperor asked this was because of them Some of the troops have been transferred away. Those are their reserved personnel. He will not let those people participate in tomorrow's war.

He had already seen the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, he was really surprised after seeing the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect was too strong. Facing the Blood Killing Sect, they It was very difficult to escape unscathed, so the Lion Heart Emperor made some preparations in advance. He transferred all the elites who were loyal to him. These people would become a trump card in his hand in the future.

Fu Xiang said in a deep voice: "It has been arranged, and they have been arranged to go to Wulao City on the border of our rule. There are not many people in that city. It is just right to arrange for them to go there, and no one will pay attention there." Fu Xiang is doing things. , has always been very careful, this is what the Lion Heart Emperor values ​​​​the most about him.

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, as long as the arrangements are made, let us let go and have a good fight with the people of the Blood Killing Sect. I really want to see this. Can the Blood Killing Sect really defeat us all?" After saying that, he strode out of the hall and went to arrange manpower.

Fu Xiang looked at the back of the Lion Heart Emperor and couldn't help but sigh. He knew that in fact, the Lion Heart Emperor no longer had any confidence that he could defeat the Blood Killing Sect. If he really had confidence, he would not say these words. , so he has lost confidence, and they will lose this battle.

But this battle must be fought, otherwise when reinforcements from other countries arrive, they will see that they have no losses here. In that case, conflicts will arise, and those people will be even less able to contribute, so they There has to be a fight, and it's best to start the fight right away, otherwise it will be a problem when the reinforcements arrive.

Of course, they want to start a fight, not just to show off to those people. As the Lion Heart Emperor said, the people below are already a little dissatisfied with him. If he doesn't start the fight, then the people below will It's time to renounce morality. It was precisely because of this incident that the Lion Heart Emperor saw clearly which people were most loyal to him and which people were not, so he directly transferred those who were loyal to him, and those who were loyal to him. Those who were not so loyal stayed behind and prepared to participate in tomorrow's war. This was also a way to eliminate dissidents.

However, the Prime Minister actually does not approve of the Lion Heart Emperor doing this, because although this kind of action seems to have benefits, it actually has great disadvantages. After this action, those people will find out if they think about it carefully afterwards. Something is wrong. By that time, they will only leave Li De even further from the Lion Heart Emperor. This is definitely not a good thing.

But there was no way. The Lion-Hearted Emperor decided to do this. Even if the Prime Minister didn't want to agree, he couldn't do it. After all, he was just a prime minister, not the emperor. The Lion-Hearted Emperor was the emperor, so the Prime Minister stopped objecting after his objections were ineffective. , just do what you should do.

Fu Xiang's situation is actually quite special. Although his strength is good, he has never developed his own power. He is not like other generals. They all have their own power, and even have their own floating islands. Their own subordinates, those people are relatively independent from the Lion Heart Emperor. Although they all obey the Lion Heart Emperor, they usually have their own subordinates, and their subordinates take orders directly from them. Instead of taking orders from the Lion Heart Emperor.

Fu Xiang is different. Fu Xiang is very strong, but he has always been the prime minister of the Lion Heart Emperor and has a very good status. But it is precisely because of this that he has not established a force that is entirely his own. He can make those people obedient. , relying not on his own power, but on the power of the Lion Heart Emperor, so his perspective on thinking about problems will be different from those of those people.

He didn't want the Lion Heart Emperor to have a problem. Once there was a problem with the Lion Heart Emperor, he would be the one who would be most affected. So he was wholeheartedly planning for the Lion Heart Emperor. But unfortunately, this time those people really caused trouble. The Lion Heart Emperor was very angry. He had to do this, and he couldn't stop it. He could only control the matter within a certain range.

Although he didn't come up with this trick of transferring some people out and leaving enough trump cards, he didn't object too much. Anyway, with such an elite soldier in their hands, no matter what they do in the future You will have enough confidence to do anything.