c7259 proposal

Wen Wenhai stood in the main hall, looked at everyone, and said with a slight smile: "This battle was very beautiful, and we directly repelled the Yaksha clan's army. This is definitely a good thing for us. , but we must also see that the army of the Yaksha clan we face this time is not their real army. It may just be the Yaksha army that fought us before, and their attack at this stage is also very difficult. It’s weird, I think maybe it’s because their reinforcements are coming, so they will attack at this time, after all, they have never started a large-scale war with us before.”

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said: "The enemy's attack was very organized, but they didn't seem to be very determined to attack. After the formation was in chaos, they immediately chose to retreat, and they retreated very well. Completely, very far away, and now we are almost at a place where our radar can’t find it. In this way, it is not that easy for them to fight us at once, so I think their attack this time , there is indeed something weird, it seems that they are attacking on purpose, but they don’t really want to defeat us, it doesn’t look like it’s a test, it’s very weird.”

After hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, everyone nodded. They all watched the battle this time. To be honest, the attack of the Yasha clan this time was really weird. It seemed like it was what they had guessed before. In that case, he might really want to attack them and show it to other Yaksha.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Although the attack of the Yaksha clan seems weird, their attack is actually easy to understand. It may be just to show other Yakshas. There is no need for us to guess. The real power of the Yaksha clan The army should be coming soon. We must also be prepared for a big war. Our territory has expanded very quickly these days. Many things in the territory have not been built yet. I think we should rest for two days. Improve the ground defense of the entire base, especially the ground defense. The Yasha clan has many ground Yashas, ​​and they will definitely attack."

Everyone nodded, but at this time Li Ji said: "I want to tell you some good news. Now we have new research results at Lingzhi Hall. They have given us the Bread Tree and Babel Vine. Improvements have been made, and now these two plants do not require soil, but only energy arrays, so they can survive very well. I have asked them to prepare a lot of seeds of these two plants. I think these two plants should It can block the enemy's ground attack."

Upon hearing what Li Ji said, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned at first, but then they were overjoyed. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Mrs. Li Ji, how powerful are these improved bread trees? And those Babel vines, their How's the power? Can it really block the enemy?"

Li Ji said in a deep voice: "The power is pretty good. The breadfruit tree can still throw out breadfruit as before, and these thrown breadfruit contain a lot of seeds. After the breadfruit explodes, the seeds will shoot out." Go out, the power is not small. The most important thing is that this is the improved breadfruit. If those seeds are shot at those yakshas, ​​even if those yakshas are immortal, the energy will be absorbed by the seeds of the breadfruit, and finally on his body. , new breadfruit trees will grow, and there is no need to use Babel Vine, they just grow longer and have strong attack power."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "That's great. With these two spiritual plants, our combat effectiveness will be stronger. In fact, I think these two spiritual plants can not only be used on the ground It can be used on the ground, even in the sky, and with the addition of the Gangfeng Tree, the combat power of these plants will definitely surprise those Yakshas."

Everyone nodded excitedly. At this time, the Lingzhi Hall had produced two powerful spiritual plants. It was indeed good news for them, and they were really happy. Li Ji smiled and said: "That's true, but there are still many areas that need improvement. Now it can only be used without force."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "This is already very good. Let's do this. Just don't let these two plants be used in the air. Just help us guard the ground. Leave the air to us. Everyone will be fine. Right?" Everyone responded in unison, of course there would be no problem. Even if there were no such plants, they didn't think there would be any problem.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, let's get ready. By the way, let the disciples outside be more careful when cleaning the battlefield. I heard that the Shenji Hall is currently using Yasha teeth to clean the battlefield. Research, I heard there is a lot of progress, they may need a large number of Yasha teeth in the future, we must prepare them for them."

Everyone agreed, and Wen Wenhai waved his hand and said: "Okay, let's go back and prepare. Maybe that day, a war will come. After you go back, you must pay attention to the emotions of the disciples and discover the emotions." That's not right, we have to let them return to the space immediately and rest for a while. This is no small matter." Everyone responded again, then turned and left.

At the same time, the Lion Heart Emperor was also sitting on the throne of the main hall, his face extremely ugly. He looked at the Yaksha below. After a while, he took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice: "Tell me about this time. Let's take a loss." The Lion Heart Emperor knew that the loss this time must be not small. The most important thing is that the attacks of the aliens on both wings were too fierce and crazy, which greatly increased their losses. The most important thing was that they were directly attacked. It affected the frontal battlefield and caused their frontal battlefield to collapse directly. For them, the impact was really too great.

Fu Xiang stood up at this time and said in a deep voice: "The loss of personnel is above the fourth floor, the loss of the fat cow is above the fifth floor, and the loss of the eight-legged cow is above the sixth floor. If we hadn't retreated quickly, the losses would have only been greater." Big." Fuxiang didn't say how many people they lost, only how many floors they lost, but the number he said made everyone in the hall change their expressions.

The Lionheart Emperor closed his eyes in pain. After a while, he opened his eyes, looked at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Do you have any opinions about this battle? No matter what you think, you can Say it directly, I don't blame you, just talk about it." There was a hint of exhaustion in his tone.

But everyone looked at each other in confusion. The Lion Heart Emperor had always given them a very tough impression. This was the first time they had seen him like this. They all felt very puzzled, but no one dared to say anything. Everyone looked at the Lion Heart Emperor with calm faces. No one dared to say anything. They were afraid that this was intentional.

Fu Xiang also turned to look at everyone, and then he turned to the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty, I feel that the failure of today's battle has nothing to do with our command. The real reason for our failure is our strength. Our strength is far inferior to that of the Blood Killing Sect, which is why we failed, so Your Majesty does not need to blame yourself."

Everyone else responded in unison. They didn't dare to say anything. They knew very well that the Lion Heart Emperor was not an easy person to talk to. If they spoke out and really made the Lion Heart Emperor unhappy, then they would Just wait for bad luck. If you don't do it right, you may even lose your life, so no one of them dares to say anything.

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "After the war, let's do some post-war summary and see what improvements we can make in those areas. Let's all talk about it and see what methods we can use. To deal with the Blood Killing Sect, only in this way can we possibly deal with the Blood Killing Sect, let’s talk about it.”

When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned, but then they all fell into deep thought. Then Panshan Lord suddenly came out, saluted to the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Your Majesty, I have a suggestion, I don't know what to say. It's inappropriate to talk about it." Strictly speaking, Lord Panshan was not a confidant of the Lion Heart Emperor, so he was actually living very carefully now, but at this time, he still decided that he had to say something.

The Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help but his eyes lit up when he saw it was Lord Panshan. It could be said that Lord Panshan was the first person to come into contact with the Blood Killing Sect, so he really wanted to hear what Lord Panshan would say. He nodded and said in a deep voice: "I said, this time is the post-war summary. You must speak out what you are thinking. Only in this way can we defeat the Blood Killing Sect. Let's talk. Speak up boldly and I won’t blame you.”

Panshan Jun responded, and then he said: "Your Majesty, where is the strength of the Blood Killing Sect? Their fighting power is very strong, their battle formation is very strong, and even their magical weapons are very strong. Their giant beasts are also very strong. Although we don’t know where they got their giant beasts from, they are fortunately endless. This makes us have to be careful, so I The idea was, if we could put the victory on the ground, maybe it would be different."

When Lord Panshan said this, everyone was stunned, but then they all fell into deep thought and put the battlefield on the ground. That is to say, the forbidden air array must be used, but if the forbidden air array is used, then Their floating island will also be affected. If there is no floating island, can they still deal with the Blood Killing Sect?

But if the battlefield is placed on the ground, there are many benefits for them. The first is that the square magic circle of the Blood Killing Sect cannot be used. The second is that they can get the support of the Yaksha on the ground. , to make up for their lack of numbers. The third is that they can get the cooperation of Dixing Yaksha. In this way, the situation will be completely different.

It can be said that this kind of decision has advantages and disadvantages, so everyone really doesn't know how to choose for a while. Don't talk about them, even the Lion Heart Emperor was sitting there with a frown at this time, and the expression on his face was uncertain. Lord Panshan's proposal really surprised him, but at the same time it also made him He felt that this proposal was really feasible, but he really couldn't make up his mind for a while.