c7254 hidden worries

The Lion-Hearted Emperor stood in front of the hall, looking at the sky in the distance. Fu Xiang stood beside him. After a while, the Lion-Hearted Emperor sighed and said: "Those guys are gone. I hope they can send troops earlier." , otherwise we really won’t be able to withstand it. Now we are trying our best to delay the Blood Killing Sect’s attack time. If we continue to delay it, we really can’t afford it. After this battle, our Lions The country of heart is finally over."

Fuxiang said in a deep voice: "Not only the Lion Heart Kingdom, but also our Yaksha Realm can be spared this time. The Blood Killing Sect is not an easy place to deal with. They are just here to destroy our clan. Don't talk about us Lions." The Heart Kingdom, and the other countries, may not be able to withstand the Blood Killing Sect's attack. With all the power of our Yaksha Realm, we may not be able to fight, but cannot win. It's really hard to say. "

When the Lion Heart Emperor heard what Fu Xiang said, he couldn't help but turn his head and glance at Fu Xiang and said: "Prime Minister, what do you mean by this? Are you not optimistic about our Yaksha clan? Do you really think that by gathering the strength of our clan? , aren’t you the opponent of the Blood Killing Sect?” The Lion Heart Emperor still knows Fu Xiang very well, and the fact that Fu Xiang can say such words really means that he is not optimistic about the Yaksha Realm, so he said this.

Fu Xiang shook his head, sighed, and said in a deep voice: "You should also know what Lord Panshan said before. Although I don't want to admit it, what Lord Panshan said may be true. We, the Yaksha clan, may really be Who made it? The fact that the Blood Killing Sect knew this and was able to kill here already speaks for itself. All we can do now is to try our best to see if we can kill the Blood Killing Sect. Go down."

The Lion Heart Emperor was stunned, and then he stopped talking, because what Fu Xiang said was very reasonable. In fact, it was not just them, I am afraid that many people who knew about this matter thought so, but they didn't say it out loud. As for what Mr. Fu said, it was just to boost everyone's morale, and no one would take it seriously.

Lion Heart Emperor understood, and Fu Xiang also understood that the enemy they faced this time was not simple, but they had no other way to go. They could only fight the Blood Killing Sect, because the Blood Killing Sect was here to destroy them. There was no intention to accept their surrender, so they could only fight.

Fu Xiang looked at the Lion Heart Emperor, and then said in a deep voice: "The development of the Blood Killing Sect is really terrible. When they first came to our Yaksha Realm, I am sure that they were not that strong, but now, they They have become so strong, and the more this happens, the more worried I am. With our current strength, it is really difficult for us to be their opponent."

The Lion Heart Emperor sighed softly and said: "No matter what, just like what you said, Prime Minister, just try your best. Okay, Prime Minister, let's go and prepare. We have to fight the Blood Killing Sect. Then we can leave here, so no matter what, we must be prepared for a big battle." Fu responded, and the two of them turned around and returned to the hall.

But at this time, Wen Wenhai and the others were sitting in the headquarters, looking at a projection in the headquarters. The current situation on the battlefield was all displayed on this projection. The Blood Killing Sect's army was moving forward, and today they were heading towards someone. After advancing nearly a thousand miles, such a distance is already considered short. It is getting dark now, and Wen Wenhai is not ready to let the army continue to advance.

Wen Wenhai looked at the projection, turned to Chang Jun and said: "We still haven't met the main force of the Yasha clan. What do you think those guys from the Yasha clan are thinking? We have been advancing these days, and the speed is very fast. We We have occupied a large area of ​​their territory, why haven’t they come out to fight us? Do they just want to hide like this forever?”

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "It's impossible. They can't keep hiding like this. They will definitely attack. They just don't know when they will attack. We just need to be prepared." Chang Jun knew very well that Yasha It is absolutely impossible for a clan to continue attacking like this without any resistance. The reason why they have not responded yet is simply because they feel that it is not the time yet.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then sighed and said: "Although the Yaksha clan seems easy to deal with now, I can be sure that their resistance in the future will be very fierce. Think about it, the Yaksha clan is already like this If it is difficult to deal with, then what will happen to the people we meet in the future? The enemies we will meet in the future will only become more and more difficult to deal with. I hope what the boss said is right. We only need to face eight interfaces. Okay, otherwise, we will be delayed here for too long, which may not be a good thing for us."

The reason why Wen Wenhai said this is because he found that many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have had some minor problems. Some disciples have become bloodthirsty and warlike, while others are just the opposite. They There was a mood for war. Wen Wenhai saw all these changes. He also knew what was going on. It was simply because the fighting in the Blood Killing Sect had been too intensive recently that those disciples had such emotions.

But now they are only halfway through. In the future, they will have to lay down four interfaces, and each interface is more difficult to defeat. Under this situation, he is really worried that one day those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will be defeated. If the disciples' emotions fluctuate greatly, it will be a big problem.

When Chang Jun heard what Wen Wenhai said, he was stunned. He really had not noticed the emotions of those disciples, so he looked at Wen Wenhai with some confusion and said: "Old Wen, has something happened? ? Why do you have such an idea? Do you know something? "

Wen Wenhai sighed lightly and told Chang Jun what he found, and then said: "Old Chang, this matter is actually very serious. If the emotions of those disciples have always been like this, for them, it must be It will have a big impact, and if you don’t do it right, you may go crazy, which is really serious.”

When Chang Jun heard what he said, he also frowned. He really didn't know that this kind of situation has already happened in the sect. As Wen Wenhai said, this situation is still very serious and cannot be solved by anyone. Well, something might really happen, and he absolutely couldn't let that happen.

When he thought of this, Chang Jun immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "This matter must be discussed with the sect leader. We don't have much experience in this area. We must ask the sect leader to see how this situation will go. Solve it, if a disciple really goes crazy, it’s not a trivial matter.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I will go back and write a report and give it to the ladies. The boss is currently in retreat. It is up to the ladies to decide when to report this matter to the boss. ." After saying that, he turned around and left without Chang Jun stopping him. He also knew that this matter was very important and must be resolved as soon as possible.

When Laura received Wen Wenhai's report, she couldn't help but frown. Then she turned to Meg and the others and said, "What do you think about this matter?" The changes in the monk's mood were generally It has to do with inner demons, and inner demons are the most difficult to deal with. If you don't handle it well, you may go crazy, so Laura takes this matter very seriously.

Li Ji said in a deep voice: "You can start from two aspects, one is the Kung Fu method, and the other is the Buddhist method." At this point, Li Ji paused for a moment, and then said: "The Kung Fu method is very simple, the Blood Killing Sect's Kung Fu method , the purpose is to improve one's own strength through fighting, to control one's killing intent and increase one's strength. Now some disciples are eating and killing. This can only be said to be in the recent period. There have been more battles, and they have not. The method is to completely absorb and digest their own killing intent, so if they are affected, they can concentrate on practicing the technique for a period of time and digest those killing intent properly."

"The Dharma is also very simple. There are some disciples who have emotional problems. You can let them listen to the Dharma. Although the Dharma is said to persuade people to be kind, it can also slowly calm down people's emotions. , As long as the emotions of those disciples can be calmed down, it will be considered completed, and then we can continue to let them practice the exercises, so I think we can start from these two aspects and work together."

Laura nodded, then he thought for a while and said: "Brother Hai also has some projections of preaching. We can put all of those projections into the real illusion. Although we can't practice in the real illusion, we can still preach the scriptures." There is no problem in calming down the emotions of those disciples. In addition, with the help of Fajing, there should not be any problems in the aspect of Buddhism. In terms of Kung Fu, the disciples can also be allowed to sit down. Enter the real illusion and listen carefully to Brother Hai's sermon. At the same time, we must also arrange the rotation of disciples. Those disciples with obvious mood swings should be allowed to rest for a period of time until their emotions have adjusted. Just let them join the war."

Several people nodded, and of course they would not object. This could indeed play a certain role. After all, the most important thing this time was psychological counseling, not really explaining martial arts to them. But this also requires some preparation. After all, there are more people in the Blood Killing Sect now. Any decision will affect many people, so they must be careful.

At this time, Meg said: "Sister, I think we can give Fajing some support. Fajing is Brother Hai's servant, and it is impossible for him to betray us. And now he mainly focuses on studying Buddhism, so why should we If you don't give him some support, let him build a temple in the Xuanwu space. Let him accept some disciples who are excited about Buddhism and join the temple and become monks. Then we will be able to handle this kind of thing in the future. There are a lot of monks available, and with these monks preaching to the disciples, I believe we won’t have this kind of thing happen again.”

Laura was stunned for a moment, but then her eyes lit up, and then nodded and said: "This is feasible, we can give Fajing some support, and he will not betray Brother Hai anyway, okay, that's it. ”