c7250 discuss

The figures of Xiangyu and Xiangkong appeared on the Lion Heart Emperor Island. Their faces were very ugly. They never thought that they just wanted to go out and have a look, but Lu Fang and the others suddenly lost a thousand dollars. Many people died outside. Although Lu Fang and the others may have just fought with each other and may not necessarily be dead, Xiang Yu knew very well that the possibility of Lu Fang and the others coming back alive was extremely slim.

As soon as Xiangyu and Xiangkong appeared on the Lion Heart Emperor Island, a flying yaksha came over, clasped his fists at the two of them and said, "You two, please follow me." After saying that, he turned around and headed in the same direction. As they walked forward, Xiangyu and Xiangkong followed immediately. After a while, the two of them arrived in front of a room. The Feitian Yaksha who led them there said to the room: "Prime Minister, Xiangyu and Xiangkong are the two envoys." came back."

The voice of Fu Xiang came: "Let them come in." The flying yaksha responded, opened the door, and made an invitation gesture to the two of them. The two nodded to the man and entered the room. inside. This is a small room, and the furnishings in the room are also very simple. There are only three tables. Fu Xiang sits on one of the tables inside. On both sides of Fu Xiang's table, there are two long tables. These two The long tables are placed side by side. Behind each long table, there are two people sitting, and they are busy processing the documents in their hands.

Fu Xiang sat there with his eyes closed. When he heard the footsteps of the two people, he slowly opened his eyes, glanced at the two people, and closed his eyes again, as if he was very tired and couldn't even find the strength to open his eyes. It’s the same as nothing. Then Fu Xiang said: "I'm back, have you seen the enemy?"

Xiang Yu said in a deep voice: "I saw it. I'm sorry, Prime Minister. General Lu Fang and the others may be in danger. Please ask the Prime Minister to send someone to rescue immediately." Although Xiang Yu met Lu Fang for the first time, he really wanted to Speaking of which, the deaths of Lu Fang and the others were directly related to him. He didn't want Lu Fang and the others to die, so he wanted to ask Prime Minister Fu to send troops to rescue Lu Fang and the others.

Fu Xiang still did not open his eyes, but said: "You have good intentions, but it's useless. They are probably dead now. The alien clan of the Blood Killing Sect will not let them go. The Blood Killing Sect's aliens will not let them go." The magic of the magic circle is very powerful. I don’t know what kind of magic circle they used, but they were able to detect our existence from a very far away place. So I sent them to protect you this time, and I have no intention of letting them come back alive. , you'd better tell me what you saw there. We really know too little about the Blood Killing Sect. Everything we knew about the Blood Killing Sect before was all told by Panshan Jun and others. We didn’t see it with our own eyes, so tell us what you saw.”

When Xiangyu heard what Fu Xiang said, his face couldn't help but become even more ugly. Then he said: "The enemy is very powerful. We saw a lot of giant beasts and some castles that can fly in the sky. We We didn't dare to get too close. Even so, the enemy sent people out to attack us. We had no choice but to retreat. While retreating, we encountered the enemy's people who looked like our Yasha clan. General Lu asked us to Come back first."

Fu Xiang nodded and said in a deep voice: "It seems that what Mr. Panshan and others said is true, so there is no need to say anything more. You should believe our words now, right? Go back and keep you here. What I saw and heard, tell the Sky Eagle Emperor and ask him to send troops as soon as possible. This time is really a matter of life and death for our Yasha clan. If they can send troops one day earlier, we will have a better chance of winning, so go ahead."

When Xiang Yu heard what Fu Xiang said, he didn't say anything more. Instead, he saluted to Fu Xiang and then exited the room. Then he followed Xiang Kong and the two of them, sitting in the teleportation array, and returned directly to the Sky Eagle Emperor. Island, they must tell the Sky Eagle Emperor what is happening here as soon as possible. What happened this time is really not some conspiracy of the Lion Heart Emperor, but a real enemy.

Fu Xiang heard the sound of the two leaving, but he did not open his eyes, just sighed softly, and then said: "Is there any news from General Cheng? How are they equipped to deal with the enemy's long-range attack weapons? ?" Fu Xiang is most concerned about this matter. He knows very well that the attack range of that kind of magic weapon is too far. If they can't deal with it, they will suffer a big loss from it.

A person sitting behind the table on his left said: "General Cheng and the others have come up with an idea, which is to use magic weapons to attack the enemy's long arrows and block them. No. Let those long arrows attack us. Now it seems that this is the only way, and other methods don't seem feasible."

Fu Xiang pondered for a moment, then said: "Let them do it, but they must do it quickly. We don't know when the war will happen. If they are not ready, we will be the ones who suffer." The person who replied before agreed. With a sound, he took out a jade slip, entered some content into it, and then put it on the table. Then the light flashed on the table, and the jade slip disappeared. That table actually has the function of teleportation.

The room then became quiet, and Fu Xiang didn't make a sound for a long time. He knew very well that they had already done what they should do now. It would be up to them to see how those people reacted. If those people If they are still unwilling to deal with the Blood Killing Sect together, then they must think of some other way.

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others also received the news. Because of the radar, Xiang Yu and the others had already been informed by the people of the Blood Killing Sect before they arrived near the Blood Killing Sect. They just wanted to kill Xiang Yu and the others. They put them in front of them and then dealt with them, but they didn't expect that Xiangyu and the others would have a portable teleportation array on their bodies, allowing them to run away.

Wen Wenhai and the others can also imagine what these guys are here for. They must be here to get the news, so they are not surprised. They have long been prepared to fight the entire Yaksha world, so no matter what the opponent is like Scouting, it’s not surprising, they are very confident in their own strength.

After wiping out several waves of enemies of the Yasha clan, Wen Wenhai and the others were a little unsure. They didn't know what was going on with the enemies. They knew that such reconnaissance was to bring death, but they kept sending people here. Is there something wrong with this? To be careful, Wen Wenhai directly called everyone into the hall to discuss it.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "You may already know that those guys from the Yasha clan have actually sent several groups of people to our place to conduct reconnaissance during this period. Although only one of them A few people escaped with the portable teleportation array, but the others all died here. What they did was very strange, and anyone with a discerning eye could see it. We just set a trap and were waiting for them, but they Why do you keep sending people here? This is too weird? Is there any conspiracy? "

Everyone nodded, and after a while, Chang Jun finally said: "I don't think they have any conspiracy. Although we have only fought a few times with the Yaksha clan so far, the Yaksha clan has We all know clearly what the means is, and at most it is just the power of a curse. There is really nothing to worry about, so I feel that there must be other reasons for them to do this."

Everyone fell silent, lowering their heads in deep thought. At this time, Zhu Yong suddenly said: "I really feel that this may be the enemy conducting reconnaissance, and at the same time, they are also conducting a joint operation." Zhu Yong has rarely done anything in recent times. He opened his mouth, firstly, because in the recent period, all external reconnaissance was done by Shu Li and the others, and Zhu Yong did not interfere. Secondly, because recently, he was practicing the skills given to him by Zhao Hai, so he He rarely speaks now, but this time, he had some thoughts of his own, so he spoke out directly.

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned when they heard what Zhu Yong said. Then Wen Wenhai looked at Zhu Yong and said, "Tell me carefully." Wen Wenhai still attached great importance to Zhu Yong's opinions. He knew very well that Zhu Yong was Zhao Hai's servant, and he has been in charge of the Blood Killing Sect's intelligence work. It can be said that although his reputation is not obvious, his status in the Blood Killing Sect is very high, not even below him.

Zhu Yong glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "In fact, we don't know much about the situation of the Yaksha clan here. We don't know much about their hierarchies and power divisions, but one thing can be said. For sure, that is, the area here in the Yaksha Realm will definitely not be smaller than that in the Snake Realm. Then the strength here in the Yaksha Realm cannot be just the small amount we have encountered. They are a race, and there are also influences. They should not be like your other interfaces. When we attack a place, some enemies will appear. They should be able to concentrate all their power to deal with us, but they have recently done something with us. Do you think that the strength of those Yaksha clan members who fought can be the strength of the entire Yaksha clan? Obviously it is impossible. In other words, the Yaksha clan may not have truly united and gathered the strength of the entire clan. Deal with us."

At this point, Zhu Yong paused and glanced at Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai frowned and said, "You mean, those people who came to conduct reconnaissance recently are not actually here to conduct reconnaissance. They are other people." People from powerful forces come to check what is true and false. If they check and understand, then maybe the entire Yaksha world will truly unite? Isn’t that right?”

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Yes, that's what it means. I think it may be like this. They are most likely here for this. The Yasha clan is a fighting race. Although their battle formations look chaotic, they are actually based on actual combat." This shows that the Yasha world has never been peaceful. They have always been at war with each other. It is very obvious that there is no peace between them. They might be enemies. What an enemy said , no one will believe it easily, so if the Yasha clan wants to completely unite, they will definitely take action, and this time they may be here to observe us."