c7253 gag

The Lion-Hearted Emperor sat on the throne and looked at the people below. All of these people included the envoys who came last time. Xiangyu and Xiangkong were also inside. When he saw these people, the Lion-Hearted Emperor felt in his heart He couldn't help but sneered. It had been more than ten days since these people left, and now they had just come back, and there were still so many people back. The reaction of those people really made him feel cold.

However, the Lion Heart Emperor did not show it. Instead, he looked at these people and said in a deep voice: "Guys, what good news did you bring back when you came back? I'm not afraid to tell you that the Blood Killing Sect is here these days. They are frantically attacking our Lion Heart Country and have occupied thousands of miles of our Lion Heart Country. They have invaded hundreds of cities in our Lion Heart Country. Our Lion Heart Country will suffer heavy losses. If they can't send people to support us, then , then our Lion Heart Country will be unable to hold on, and we will have no choice but to retreat to the borders of your countries."

Lionheart Emperor discussed it with Fu Xiang, and before the other party put forward the conditions, they made the matter more serious. In fact, they did lose thousands of miles of land and hundreds of cities, although they can still fight against the blood. Zong Yi fights, but they will definitely be defeated in the end, so he doesn't need to panic.

And by saying this, he can also block the conditions those people want to put forward directly in their mouths. If they dare to put forward conditions, then he can directly turn against him. Anyway, he has already said it all in advance. Well, at this time, if those people don't put forward conditions, then even if he turns against him, they won't be able to say anything.

Sure enough, upon hearing what the Lion Heart Emperor said, Xiang Yu and the others showed a look of shame on their faces. As soon as the Lion Heart Emperor saw their expressions, he knew that he had guessed correctly. These guys had indeed come with conditions, and judging from their appearance, they must have formed an alliance, and this time they were probably coming to force the palace. coming.

When he thought of this, the Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help but snorted in his heart, but on the surface, he remained calm, just looking at those people with a calm face. Xiang Yu and the others looked at each other, and finally Xiang Yu stood up, and he faced Lionheart Emperor held his fist and said: "Your Majesty Lionheart Emperor, we are here this time just to inform you that we are already making preparations, but you also know that it will take some time for the army to arrive here. So I hope, His Majesty the Lion-Hearted Emperor, you can persist for a while longer."

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at Xiang Yu, snorted coldly and said: "Hold on for a little longer? It's so easy what you said, how can I persist? My military strength is not as good as the Blood Killing Sect, my magic power is not as good as the Blood Killing Sect, the magic weapon Not as good as the Blood Killing Sect, not as strong as the Blood Killing Sect, and I don’t dare to use the Divine Punishment Formation that I rely on the most. How do you want me to persevere? By the way, there is one more thing I forgot to tell you last time. As long as it’s us The Yaksha clan will take away all the Yaksha teeth left after they die in battle, and the members of the Blood Killing Sect will take them away. In other words, as long as we, the Yasha clan, die in the hands of the Blood Killing Sect, we should not think about reincarnation. Okay, do you understand what this means? This means that there will be fewer and fewer people in our Yasha clan. The Blood Killing Sect is here to exterminate the clan. They will not make any conditions to us. If you still can't do it as soon as possible If the delaying troops arrive, then I have no choice but to retreat."

Xiang Yu and the others knew very well that where the Lion Heart Emperor meant to retreat was to retreat to their countries. By that time, if the Blood Killing Sect really invaded all countries, they would be the unlucky ones. . When they thought of this, they couldn't help but be shocked. To be honest, they had never thought of this situation before they came. They were originally prepared to negotiate with the Lion Heart Emperor, but now it seems that they are It's absolutely impossible. The Lion Heart Emperor just flipped the table over, so why talk about it? There's no need to talk about it at all.

When he thought of this, Xiang Yu couldn't help but said immediately: "Your Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, please give us a little time. We will go back immediately and report your information to our emperor and ask them to send troops as soon as possible. However, Lion Heart Your Majesty, can we go to the front line and have a look?"

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded and said: "Okay, the Blood Killing Sect should be attacking now. We no longer have the strength to fight the Blood Killing Sect, so we can only retreat. Go and see where we have retreated to. You should understand what I said." After saying that, he said in a deep voice: "Here comes." Following his voice, a general in black armor immediately walked in from outside and saluted the Lion Heart Emperor.

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded and said to the man: "You arrange for people to be sent to the front line to have a look. The Blood Killer Sect should still be attacking now, right? Let them see where the Blood Killer Sect has already reached. , our Lion Heart Kingdom is really unable to resist now, let’s go.” After speaking, the Lion Heart King waved his hand.

The general responded, then turned to Xiang Yu and the others and said, "Guys, please come with me." After saying that, he led Xiang Yu and the others outside. Once outside, he got on the teleporter directly. Formation, arrived at the front line. Of course, the place where he led Xiangyu and the others was also what they had arranged long ago.

It’s not like Tianshi Heart Emperor and the others have never fought against the Blood Killing Sect these days. In fact, they have fought against the Blood Killing Sect quite a few times, but to no avail. No matter what kind of actions they take, the Blood Killing Sect will know in advance. The Blood Killing Sect will make corresponding adjustments and make the most targeted arrangements. It is precisely because of this that the Lion Heart Emperor and the others cannot be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect. They were defeated by the Blood Killing Sect. , I had to retreat and then retreat.

However, the Lion Heart Emperor and the others did not completely retreat. They knew very well that that was impossible. If they really retreated, they would only benefit the Blood Killing Sect in vain, so they are still They are resisting step by step, so it is actually very easy for Xiangyu and the others to go to the front line.

However, the Lion Heart Emperor and the others did not really resist with all their strength. After the failure of the first few battles, the Lion Heart Emperor knew very well that he could not be the opponent of the Blood Killing Sect, so he is resisting now. They were all ordinary Yakshas on the ground, but the flying Yakshas like them did not resist.

But their floating island did not retreat too far. If they did that, they would let the Yashas below know that they had given up resistance long ago. It is really hard to say what the consequences would be. , so they still left a floating island close to the front line.

Although the Yaksha clan has the kind of curse that cuts off the queen, if this curse is used on everyone at once, it may cause some not very good effects, so they will not directly apply it to the Yaksha in a city. Only the people in that city can use it on the remaining yakshas when they retreat, so they must make a gesture to let those yakshas know that they have not given up on them.

When he knew that Xiang Yu and the others were coming, the Lion Heart Emperor had already sent a floating island to the front line. This time, he wanted to let Xiang Yu and the others go to that island and make Xiang Yu and the others believe that blood would kill them. Zong is indeed attacking, and the attack speed is very fast. Only in this way will Xiangyu and the others believe what he says.

When Xiangyu and the others appeared on the island, a battle was taking place not far away. The Blood Killing Sect's army was attacking a Yaksha City below. This Yaksha City was not small. There were at least one person in the city. With one million people, it can be considered a big city, and the Blood Killing Sect has just arrived and is preparing to attack.

Xiangyu and the others were invited to the city wall, and then they saw how the Blood Killer Sect attacked the city. They saw a huge iron ball rolling directly onto the city's shield, and then released many small iron balls. The ball, and then all the iron balls, all started to roll. In the end, you could barely see the shadow of the iron ball, and soon the city's shield was directly broken.

Then I saw the Blood Killing Sect. Countless giant beasts began to charge, and they directly broke down the walls of the city. There was nothing to say about the subsequent battle. The Blood Killing Sect immediately destroyed the city. , such a speed is really surprising.

Xiang Yu and the others stood on the city wall of the floating island, watching the battle below, their expressions changing. They did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect's attack would be so fierce. They didn't even give them a chance, and directly attacked the entire city. It was so surprising that it took such a short time to destroy it.

At this time, the general who led Xiangyu and the others said: "Guys, we have to go back. There is going to be a battle here soon. We must go back immediately, otherwise we may be in danger." What he said Are you lying to Xiang Yu and the others? The floating island they are on now is too close to the battlefield on the ground. If they don't do it right, people from the Blood Killing Sect may rush up. If that is really the case, Then there will be a fight here soon.

And Xiangyu and the others didn't say anything after seeing the bloody battle. They knew very well that if the people of the Blood Killing Sect really attacked the Floating Island now, they might really die. Here, they didn't want to stay here for a moment, so they all responded, and then got on the teleportation array directly, left the island, and returned to Lion Heart Island.

When they arrived at Lion Heart Island, they immediately asked to return to their own country. They knew very well that they must go back as soon as possible and report the situation here as soon as possible. Otherwise, if they really wait until the Lion Heart Emperor arrives, If they go to the country, the Blood Killing Sect will directly lead their people to attack their country, and they don't want that.

What they want to do most now is to return to their own country immediately, report the situation here, and then ask the emperor to send troops to support the Lion Heart Country immediately. Although this will bring them a lot of losses, but At least they can put the battlefield here in the Lion Heart Country without bringing the war into their country. If they really bring the war into their country, then their losses will be too great, at least those in their country I don’t know how much the city will be destroyed. Instead of doing that, it is better to keep the battlefield here in the Lion Heart Kingdom. When the time comes, all the bottles and jars broken will belong to the Lion Heart Kingdom, and they will not be heartbroken.