c7252 Calculate

"All the cities of the Yasha clan are resisting with all their strength. Even if the city is destroyed, they will leave some people behind to fight to the death with us. So in the end, we have no choice but to directly destroy all the cities remotely. , But in this way, our progress has also slowed down. ." Gu Yuanzheng was standing in front of the hall, talking to everyone.

They have been expanding for three days. During these three days, they have been attacking with all their strength. In these three days, they have advanced nearly two thousand miles and destroyed more than thirty enemy cities. This is a very astonishing number. It seems that the speed of advancement is very fast, but it is still far from their ideal distance.

After Gu Yuanzheng said this, he went back and sat down directly, but Wen Wenhai nodded, then stood up, walked to the front, turned to look at the crowd and said: "Now I am sure, the Yaksha clan just wants to We must use this method of constant resistance to slow down our progress and buy them more time. What do you think we should do next?"

No one spoke, Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Baiyan, tell me." Baiyan is one of the people with very good commanding ability. Zhao Hai also values ​​him very much, and so does Gu Yuanzheng. I think highly of him, so at this time, I specifically named him.

Baiyan stood up and said in a deep voice: "I don't think there is any need to change anything. It is better for us to attack like this now because we have a spherical formation, so our attack speed will be so fast. If before, our attack It is impossible to reach such a fast speed, so I think the current attack speed is pretty good. If we speed up the attack, it will only allow the Yaksha clan's alliance to be completed faster. Like now, the Yaksha clan's alliance , it may still be waiting for a while, so I don’t think there is any need to make any changes.”

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng also stood up and said: "I also think that this attack speed is pretty good. We are not only attacking now, but we are also preparing for war. If we attack too fast, it may It will cause those people of the Yasha clan to counterattack crazily, and then we will have no way to prepare for war. Now we still have some problems with the reserves of Tianhuo, so I think we should not hurry up."

As soon as they heard what the two people said, everyone nodded. They knew very well that these two people had been on the front line all the time. Their reaction to the situation should be the most direct. The two of them said that they should not speed up the attack. , then don’t speed up the attack, otherwise problems may really arise.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, you two said so, then it's settled. We should attack at this speed. We can't make our rear unstable because we attack too fast. Stability is our blood." What the Killing Sect has always pursued is to never give any chance to the enemy." Everyone responded.

Wen Wenhai turned to look at Chen Li again and said: "Shen Li, you are now in charge of the entire sect's reconnaissance matters. I don't care about anything else. You must understand the enemy's movements and you must not give the enemy anything. Opportunity." Shun Li responded without saying anything else. He was very clear about the meaning of Shun Li's words. Now the Yaksha clan may have mobilized as a whole. At this time, if they don't check any of them, they may let them go. The Yaksha Clan is going to be tough. They must monitor all the Yaksha Clan's movements and must not give the Yaksha Clan a chance.

Of course, now that the Blood Killer Sect has radar, it is almost impossible for the Yasha clan to sneak attack on them. However, the people of the Blood Killer Sect are actually a little worried. Although the radar is easy to use, it has always performed very well. , there is no problem, but don’t forget that among their enemies, there is the power of the law of the Shadow Clan. What if the power of the law of the Shadow Clan discovers the sound waves of the radar and then interferes with it? By then the radar may be completely useless, and even if the enemy touches it under their noses, they may not even know it.

Therefore, although the people of the Blood Killing Sect have been using radar, they have also been using it for the reconnaissance of Alien Yaksha, and compared to radar, they are more willing to believe in those Alien Yaksha. In their opinion, even if this radar is good, That couldn't replace the alien Yaksha, so Wen Wenhai gave such an order.

Seeing that Shun Li also agreed, Wen Wenhai continued: "Okay, that's it for today. Everyone, let's go back. Old Ding, you must also be prepared. There are masters in the Yaksha clan, so you must Be careful, if the Yasha clan really sends out experts, you will have to come forward then."

Ding Chunming nodded. Since Zhao Hai gave them the skills, their strength has improved by leaps and bounds. Now he is one of the many masters in the Blood Killing Sect. His strength has improved a lot than before. Of course, this includes Sheng Si and Gouzi. These Zhao Hai's confidants also have people like Cheng Chunming, so now Ding Chunming and the others are more confident.

Of course, Ding Chunming and the others only want to practice, and they don't pay much attention to other things. It is precisely because of this that Ding Chunming and the others rarely talk, only when they are ordered to let them They will take action when it's time to take action.

Of course Wen Wenhai also knows this, and their strength is improving very quickly, so he doesn't take it to heart that Ding Chunming and the others are making such rapid progress. Ding Chunming and the others are strong, which is also a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. , what the Blood Killing Sect lacks now is high-end combat power.

After all arrangements were made, everyone went back, and the Blood Killing Sect's attack also began. This time, instead of speeding up the attack, they slowed down a little, and captured all the people they wanted. The place they capture will immediately become the territory of their Blood Killing Sect, which is very important.

The territory they occupy must be occupied, otherwise it means that they have not occupied it. The Blood Killing Sect has always done things like this. The territory they occupy must be occupied, and turn it into their base, and then With this base behind them, they keep attacking forward, so that their territory will become bigger and bigger.

What surprised the people of the Blood Killing Sect was that none of the Yakshas, ​​except for the ordinary Yakshas on the ground, took the initiative to fight with them. If they entered, the Yakshas would retreat. , which made the Blood Killing Sect even more certain that those Yashas must be waiting until all the other Yashas gathered together so that they could deal with the Blood Killing Sect together.

It was indeed what Wen Wenhai and the others thought. This is what the Lion Heart Emperor thought now. The crazy offensive power of the Blood Killing Sect during this period really scared him. Only then did he know that the Blood Killing Sect How could he not be surprised that his troops were so powerful? It was precisely because of this that they kept retreating, firstly to wait for the other emperors to react, and secondly to avoid the bloodshed. The soldiers who killed the clan.

Now the Blood Killing Sect's troops are at their peak, and their morale is like a rainbow. At this time, it is really unwise to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. If they don't get it right, something will happen. That's why they retreat, just to avoid the Blood Killing Sect. The sharp edge of the Killing Sect, when the Blood Killing Sect's offensive slowed down, they were counterattacking.

After the Blood Killing Sect deliberately slowed down the attack speed, the Lion Heart Emperor and the others breathed a sigh of relief, because they felt that the Blood Killing Sect might have consumed too much energy and had lost its edge, but they also They will not attack the Blood Killing Sect at this time. They have already discovered that their military strength is much inferior to that of the Blood Killing Sect, so it is better for them to be more honest and wait until there are replies from the other emperors. Let’s deal with the Blood Killing Sect together.

In this way, the Blood Killing Sect attacked for ten days in a row, advancing about ten thousand miles, and destroyed hundreds of Yaksha Clan cities in total. Half of the territory of the Lion Heart Country was almost occupied by the Blood Killing Sect. The Emperor of Heart was about to lose his temper. If the other emperors didn't respond, he would be ready to take action himself.

At this time, envoys from other emperors came to the Lion Heart Kingdom at the same time. When he heard that the envoys came together, the Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help being stunned. He immediately invited the Prime Minister to his study. , after the blessings arrived, the Lion-Hearted Emperor immediately said: "Prime Minister, the envoys from those countries arrived at the same time, do you think they have united?" This is what the Lion-Hearted Emperor is most worried about. If the emperor's people unite, then his life will definitely not be easy.

Fu Xiang said in a deep voice: "Of course, those emperors' people must have united, but Your Majesty, so what if they unite, no matter what conditions they put forward, they will all agree to them, and at the same time tell them, We, the people of the Lion Heart Country, are exhausted from the long battle with the Blood Killing Sect and really have no strength to fight. Let’s ask people from these countries to take action. We have to go to the rear to rest. If they agree, then we can withdraw. We retreated and let them fight to the death with the Blood Killing Sect. Once they have worked out their anger with the Blood Killing Sect, it will not be too late for us to deal with them. By then, no matter what conditions we agreed to before, we can do it now. Don't take it to heart, it's just an empty talk. Strength is king. If they don't agree, then tell them that they don't need to send troops. Anyway, if we can't stand it by then, we will retreat to their countries. , when the time comes, the Blood Killing Sect will follow and kill them, and by that time, they won’t be able to fight with the Blood Killing Sect even if they don’t want to.”

When the Lion Heart Emperor heard what the Prime Minister said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he nodded and said, "What the Prime Minister said makes sense. If they really put forward a bunch of conditions, but in the end they delayed sending troops to deal with Xue Sha Sect, in the end we have to deal with the Blood Killing Sect ourselves. In that case, they have not paid any price, but got a lot of benefits from us. This is absolutely not possible. If we do what you said, Then there won't be any problem. If they don't send troops, we can keep our main force intact and enter their countries. By then, they will no longer want to fight with the Blood Killing Sect. Okay, just Do it like this."