c7262 Make it clear

Wu Litian was indeed smarter than Xie Gufang. He could see that the emperors of other countries did not have any good intentions towards the Lion Heart Kingdom. Otherwise, the general would not have chosen Xie Gufang. Xie Gufang was so powerful. The general of the country, and the Tiger Power Country and the Lion Heart Country are close to each other. The two countries have always been at odds with each other and have had many conflicts. It can be said to be a feud. Under this situation, people from other countries just let Xie Gu Fang came to command the army, and his purpose was originally ulterior.

The reason why Wu Litian went head-to-head with Xie Guzhi before was because he knew very well that if he showed too much weakness, then they would have no right to speak at all, and no one would take their Lion Heart Country seriously. Son, even Xie Gufang would push even further. In the end, the unlucky one was the Lion Heart Country, so he had to be very tough and suppress Xie Gufang with the overall situation and righteousness.

Wu Litian knows Xie Gufang well. He is a very pure soldier. Although he is arrogant, he takes the mission of a soldier very seriously. He will not act out of loyalty just because of everyone's feelings. Son, this is not his style, so Wu Litian uses the overall situation and righteousness to suppress Xie Gufang, and he will definitely be able to suppress Xie Gufang.

But if he keeps suppressing Xie Gufang like this, it will arouse Xie Gufang's resentment. Xie Gufang is also very arrogant. If he goes too far, then if Xie Gufang really fights back, the situation will be out of control. This is not what he wants to see, so he must ease the relationship between the two parties at the appropriate time.

What he said before was a way for Wu Litian to ease the relationship. Now it seems that it is very successful. Xie Gufang is no longer like an angry hedgehog like he was at the beginning. This is exactly the result he wants. . Wu Litian knew very well that the Lion Heart Emperor did not want to control this army, but wanted to let this army fight with the people of the Blood Killing Sect, but they did not participate in it. When these people, against the people of the Blood Killing Sect, , got angry, and by that time, no need for them to say anything, the people of these countries will deal with the Blood Killing Sect wholeheartedly.

Sometimes, what you do is obviously a good thing, but you have to use some means, otherwise, no one will believe you. You have to do a good thing, but you must also be careful not to let others take advantage of you. I'll swallow you up. Are those people who put themselves in it just to do good things really good?

This is the case with the Lion Heart Emperor. They know that what they do is right. They must deal with the Blood Killing Sect. This is for the sake of the entire Yasha clan. But if they really fight all the way, no one will sympathize with them. In the end, At least until the other countries are defeated, people from other countries will not sympathize with them, but will laugh at them for being stupid.

And if they really fight it all, even if the Lion Heart Emperor survives, he will lose the right to speak, and no one will listen to what he says. Even if he tells those people how terrible the Blood Killing Sect is , those people may not necessarily listen, so they must use some means to unite everyone. Only in this way can they truly fight against the blood. Note that they only want to fight against the Blood Killing Sect, and no one really dares to say that they can defeat the Blood Killing Sect.

After these few battles, everyone in the Lion Heart Kingdom knows that it is not easy to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. If nothing else, it is difficult to deal with the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect is also difficult to deal with. There are so many large magic weapons, and the most important thing is that the Blood Killing Sect really has a way to stop them from colliding with the floating island, and they are not afraid of their trap magic circle. Even they don't dare to use the trap magic circle now. This is The most terrible thing.

They really have no confidence that they can defeat the Blood Killing Sect just by relying on a head-on battle with the army. The key is that the Blood Killing Sect has too many offensive methods. Those energy beasts, those arrows flying all over the sky, and the changeable battle formations, All of this shows that the Blood Killing Sect is definitely not that easy to deal with.

Now the Lion Heart Kingdom already knows that the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect is absolutely extraordinary. They are very powerful and have a large number of people. I heard that there are many masters. Faced with such an enemy, the people of the Lion Heart Kingdom believe that , even if we gather the power of the entire Yaksha Realm, we may not be able to defeat them, let alone destroy the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this that the Lion Heart Emperor made these arrangements. He There is nothing that can be done about it.

If he wants to save the Yaksha Realm, he must have the right to speak. If he wants to have the right to speak, he must have strength. If no one listens to what he says, how can he save the Yaksha Realm? Therefore, the Lion Heart Emperor must preserve his strength. Some means must be used. Only in this way will people listen to what he says in the future, and he can find a way to unite the entire Yasha clan to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, what is waiting for them is probably the annihilation of the clan. disaster. The Lion Heart Emperor would never doubt this, because the Blood Killing Sect had such strength.

The Lion Heart Emperor sent Wu Litian to greet the reinforcements because Wu Litian was a smart man. He wanted strength and brains. It was most appropriate to send him to greet the reinforcements. So the Lion Heart Emperor came, and What he did was really the best. Not only did he make the reinforcements honest, but he also eased the relationship between himself and Xie Gufang a lot.

When Wu Litian led Xie Gufang to the main hall of Lion Heart Island, Lion Heart Emperor and others were already waiting for them in the main hall. Wu Litian led Xie Gufang into the main hall. Xie Gufang naturally did not dare to be rude to Lion Heart Emperor. In any case, the Lion Heart Emperor is an emperor, but his status is quite different. If he really dares to be unreasonable to the Lion Heart Emperor, don't talk about others, even their emperor. The Tiger Power Emperor is afraid They won't let him go.

In the Yasha clan, there is a not-so-clear rule, that is, for an emperor, even if he fails, ordinary people are not allowed to be rude to him. The only one who can deal with him is another emperor, and everyone else is not allowed to treat him unreasonably. Without such power, anyone who dares to deal with that emperor at will will be committing a big taboo and will be tabooed by other emperors.

Therefore, Xie Gufang really did not dare to be rude to the Lion Heart Emperor. He stepped forward and saluted the Lion Heart Emperor and said: "Xie Gufang has met His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor. Gu Fang, following the orders of the other emperors, now leads an army of tens of billions. If you come to confront the enemy, please ask His Majesty the Lion-Hearted Emperor to check it out." Although Xie Gufang has the power to command the reinforcements, he still has to talk about the situation when he gets here.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor looked at Xie Gufang, nodded, and said in a deep voice: "Forget it, stand up straight and speak." Xie Gufang responded, then stood up straight, and at the same time looked at the Lion-Hearted Emperor. , he had met the Lion Heart Emperor before. They had not dealt with the Lion Heart Emperor before, so they all knew the Lion Heart Emperor because they had to understand their enemy.

Xie Gufang just wanted to see if there were any changes in the Lion-Hearted Emperor now. This look really made him see that the Lion-Hearted Emperor looked much more haggard than before, and his face was also... With a hint of sadness, although it is very light, it is really there. The most important thing is his eyes. Although his eyes are still sharp, there is a trace of worry in them.

As soon as he saw the appearance of the Lion Heart Emperor, Xie Gufang believed what Wu Litian said before. The Lion Heart Kingdom must have suffered a big loss at the hands of the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, the Lion Heart Emperor would not have reacted like this. When he thought of it, Here, Xie Gufang couldn't help but feel a shiver in his heart. Although he was not as smart as Wu Litian, he was a qualified general. He knew very well that the people from the Lion Heart Kingdom were not weak, and could even be said to be very powerful. , but even so, they were still defeated by the Blood Killing Sect, which is enough to show the strength of the Blood Killing Sect.

Adding to what Wu Litian said before, he didn't believe that Wu Litian would lie to him about this kind of thing, because there was no need. Sooner or later, he would have to face the Blood Killing Sect. If he discovered the Blood Killing Sect's strength, If he is not as strong as Wu Litian said, it would be like slapping Wu Litian in the face, so he still believes in Wu Litian's words. But after seeing the Lion Heart Emperor, he believed Wu Litian's words even more.

The Lion Heart Emperor also looked at Xie Gufang and said in a deep voice: "General Xie, you came just in time. A few days ago, we just fought a battle with the Blood Killing Sect. The battle was very fierce. We will fight I will tell you the whole process, and I will also tell you the blood-killing fighting style completely. I hope you must be careful. The blood-killing sect is extremely powerful, and you must not take it lightly. Do you understand?"

Xie Gufang responded, but didn't say much. The Lion Heart Emperor looked at Xie Gufang and said solemnly: "I know, you may not believe what I say now, but when you actually fight against the Blood Killing Sect, After that, you may believe what I say, and you must be careful, the people of the Blood Killing Sect are really difficult to deal with."

Having said this, the Lion-Hearted Emperor paused for a moment, then he looked at Xie Gufang and said: "I don't think you will give me this military power, so I won't want it, but I will tell you what I should tell you to avoid you At a loss, what happened this time is not only related to our Lion Heart Kingdom, but to the entire Yaksha Realm. Our Lion Heart Kingdom is now unable to fight. I will personally go see the other emperors and tell them. With the situation here, I am also planning to lead the remaining people from the Lion Heart Country to leave the Lion Heart Country and go to the rear to rest."

When Xie Gufang heard what the Lion Heart Emperor said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He didn't expect that the Lion Heart Emperor would actually say it openly and directly mention the military power, and also directly said that he would not hand over the military power. Go out, the fact is indeed the case. Xie Gu was the commander of this army, and before he came, he also got the support of other emperors. The other emperors told him that if the Lion Heart Emperor wanted his The military power must not be given away. If the Lion Heart Emperor wanted to deal with him, they would be responsible for it. Therefore, Xie Gufang never thought about handing over the military power. However, he did not expect that the Lion Heart Emperor would directly deal with him. This matter, if you say it outright, it's a bit much.

In the world of cultivation, generally everyone is well aware of this situation, but no one will actually say it out loud. After all, everyone still has to save some face for each other, so what the Lion Heart Emperor said is indeed true. This surprised Xie Gufang.