c7265 attack

Wen Wenhai stood in the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect, glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone, it has been seven days since the last battle with the Yasha clan. I think we have almost rested. Okay. Let’s make the next attack plan. We can’t stop attacking just because we’re afraid of the enemy’s army coming in. That’s not our style, what do you think?”

Everyone nodded, and then Gu Yuanzheng said: "Even if the enemy's army comes, I don't think it will be a big deal. We have radars, and Shu Li and the others have been monitoring the enemy's movements. Even if they come, , So what, let’s go on, I really don’t believe it, with the current strength of our Blood Killing Sect, should we still be afraid of their Yasha clan?” His words also expressed the thoughts of many people, and everyone was united. All nodded.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Yes, Lao Gu is right, I think so too, I also think we have been a little too careful recently, so I also think we should attack, right , Shun Li, what are the results of the recent reconnaissance? Is there any news?"

Shun Li stood up and said in a deep voice: "There has been no news recently, but many of the alien Yakshas we sent to investigate were killed by the Yaksha clan. The Yaksha clan seems to have strengthened recently. The strangulation of our scouts has been so intense that our scouts can no longer get close to them. This is an abnormal situation."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then asked: "When did this situation start?" He must understand every abnormality of the enemy, because this is very important to them, every abnormality of the enemy , it may mean that the enemy has changed.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "It started the day before yesterday." Shun Li was originally prepared to observe for two days and then report to Wen Wenhai, but now that Wen Wenhai asked, he said it directly. He thought Wen Wenhai He would not attack the Yasha clan so soon. Now it seems that Wen Wenhai no longer wants to wait.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It seems that the enemy's reinforcements may have arrived, otherwise they would not be so abnormal, but this is just right. We will attack now. If the enemy's reinforcements really come, then they will definitely not be able to sink." Don't worry, if we don't attack, the enemy may keep waiting, and we can't give them too much rest time."

Everyone nodded. They were all experienced in many battles. Naturally, they knew what the enemy's abnormal behavior meant. They had just defeated the enemy, and they defeated the enemy. Maybe they were not the enemy's real main force. Now the enemy But they suddenly intensified the stranglehold on their scouts. This can only show that there is something going on there that the enemy does not want them to know about. The most likely possibility is that the enemy's reinforcements are coming.

Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said in a deep voice: "Then let's go back and prepare now. Give me two hours, and we can set off immediately. We can get all the cities we encounter along the way in the shortest time. Next, when our Blood Killing Battle Fort moves forward, we will know whether the enemy's reinforcements are coming."

The idea of ​​the Ancient Expedition is very simple. Since they want to attack, they should not waste time and attack immediately. This way they can draw out the enemy earlier and at the same time allow the Blood Killing Battle Fort to advance. As long as the Blood Killing Battle Fort moves forward, the radar on the Battle Fort can detect the enemy.

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Okay, get ready. The attack will begin in two hours. This time we must advance with the entire army, because this time our attack will most likely trigger a full-scale counterattack by the enemy. , and the reinforcements coming from the enemy this time may be the coalition forces of the Yasha clan, and the number will definitely be large, so we must be careful."

Everyone responded in unison, and Wen Wenhai said to Gu Yuanzheng again: "Old Gu, you must not rush too fast, and you must pay attention to the distance between you and the rear army. If you rush too fast, let the front and rear troops If you are out of touch, it will be dangerous at that time. Although I am not worried that your entire army will be destroyed, it is not good if there are too many losses. So we must not mess around, understand?"

Wen Wenhai knew that Gu Yuanzheng might act randomly when he got excited. He had such a temper, so he explained it specifically. Gu Yuanzheng responded. Although he usually behaved carelessly, he was not an idiot. After all, he had commanded so many battles. He naturally knew what to do at this time. If he went alone, it would be terrible. It's not a good thing, he will definitely be careful.

Wen Wenhai felt relieved when he looked at Gu Yuanzheng. He knew very well that although Gu Yuanzheng was a bit impatient, he could still distinguish priorities. He just reminded him that now Gu Yuanzheng agreed , then he won't mess around, so Wen Wenhai is relieved.

Then Wen Wenhai waved his hand, and everyone left immediately. As soon as everyone left, bursts of alarm sounds came from the Blood Killing Sect's base. This sound was to remind the Blood Killing Sect's disciples that they should immediately Just start gathering and get ready for battle, so that the gathering speed will be faster.

Soon the Blood Killing Sect had all assembled. Gu Yuanzheng was still in the vanguard, but the army behind them also followed suit. The other armies of the Blood Killing Sect were all ready, and those at the front were still Those giant beasts, this time Gu Yuanzheng and the others did not stand on the backs of the monsters, but sat quietly in a radar ship.

This radar ship is actually a large radar base. It has certain melee capabilities, but it has no long-range attack capabilities. The most important thing is to use it as a radar, and the reconnaissance range of this radar is a full five thousand. Of course, this is under normal circumstances. If the Shadow Clan is scouted, it is impossible to reach that far. Although they use sound waves, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws still has a great impact on the sound waves. Under normal circumstances, when entering the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, the sound waves will be affected by about one thousand to two thousand miles. Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect's radar can generally only detect two people within the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Something within a thousand miles.

It is precisely because of this that the people of the Yasha clan know that the Blood Killer Sect has a device that can monitor them remotely, but they do not know the true surveillance range of the radar. Enhanced reconnaissance can make the radar's reconnaissance range wider, but they cannot do this. If they really do this, they may be discovered by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and that will be the end, so they will kill each other with blood. Zong has never strengthened the radar's reconnaissance range. Now that it is so large, it is enough.

Gu Yuanzheng stood in the radar ship and looked at a projection in the radar ship. This projection was exactly the situation in front of them. There was no enemy on the radar yet. Gu Yuanzheng paid attention to his own aspect. Fortunately, he In this regard, the army is now almost complete.

Gu Yuanzheng turned to Shu Li who was standing next to him and said: "Old Shu, with this thing, you alien clan will have to rest in the future. How about it? What do you think? Do you feel a sense of loss? "Gu Yuanzheng was joking at Shen Li. They have known each other for a long time, so there is no need to be polite. It is normal for them to joke like this with each other.

When San Li heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "You old Gu, can our alien race only do reconnaissance? Don't forget, we are the real main battle race. We are now used for reconnaissance." , it’s already overkill, what do we have to worry about? You guy.”

Gu Yuanzheng and Yama Wang Ling also burst out laughing. At this time, a staff officer came in and saluted the three of them: "Report, the army has been assembled. Please give instructions." These staff officers were assigned to them recently. Although the entire Blood Slaughter Sect has only one headquarters and one staff, people like Gu Yuanzheng who are fighting on the front line, Wen Wenhai and the others believe that they should also be given a staff, so they are given Some staff officers were assigned, and Gu Yuanzheng's place was also officially renamed as the Frontline Command. It was under the unified management of the General Command, but it also had a certain degree of autonomy.

So now most things are reported to him by the staff officers. After he gives the order, the staff officers pass the order. This seems to be very troublesome, but in fact it is more formal, because sometimes , the order they gave was to be archived.

After hearing the words of the staff officer, Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Okay, I understand. Pass the order and the army will set off." The staff officer responded and immediately went to give the order. Following this order, the Blood Killing Sect The forward army, which consisted of 500 million people, began to slowly move out of the Blood Killing Sect's base and attacked the Yaksha Realm.

Naturally, the army behind had to keep up. Although the entire army was not advancing very fast, the formation was maintained very well. Even the giant beasts stood in their positions and did not run around. This was even more true for the Blood Killing Sect army, which was all lined up in a Rubik's Cube formation and moving forward slowly.

It was relatively easy for the Ancient Expedition and the others to arrive at this time. A few of them looked at the projection and chatted. They had carried out actions like this too many times, and they had long lost any sense of tension, so now a few of them are still here. Chatting, for them, is just a normal action. When they discover the real army of the Yasha clan, they will become really nervous.

The army moved forward for about three hundred miles, and suddenly there was a change in the projection. The outline of a city slowly appeared on the projection. Only then did Gu Yuanzheng and the others pay a little attention. As the army continued to advance, , they soon saw the city clearly. As soon as they saw the city, Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "A city with less than a million people is not interesting. What do you think?"

Yama Wang Ling looked at the size of the city, shook his head and said: "It's really not interesting, but you can go forward and see if there are other cities next to this city. If there are, That’s a bit interesting, but if it weren’t for it, a city like this would probably be bulldozed in half an hour.”