c7266 Discover

The King of Hell did not exaggerate. They could indeed bulldoze a city like this in half an hour. They first broke the shield on the city, and then attacked with fire and energy beasts. After the attack As soon as the giant beast charged, the city was basically bulldozed, and it only took half an hour at most.

Now the Blood Killing Sect has not used their new Mantianhuo. There is no way. The original Mantianhuo has been made too much and has too much inventory. If you don't use up all those old Mantianhuo, do you want it? Use the new Mantianhuo? That's impossible, so now they still use the old Mantianhuo.

Although the attack power of the old Mantianhuo is also very powerful, it is much worse than the new Mantianhuo. However, for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they are now accustomed to using the old Mantianhuo. Yes, there is nothing new without new ones. Anyway, I have been using the old one for so long, and there are no problems. It works well.

Shun Li also looked at the city and said: "According to the Yasha clan's long-standing city-building principles, cities like this are generally considered small cities, and next to such small cities, there will usually be big cities, and it's not easy to There is not just one big city in the surrounding area, there should be several cities."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "You should know what's going on if you go forward. Let's go." While they were talking, the army did not stop and kept moving forward. After a while, the radar had already detected the whole situation. All the cities were included in the projection, and then they walked forward a lot, and soon another city appeared in the projection.

Then two more cities appeared in the projection, and at this time, they were almost reaching the outside of the first city. Their speed was not very fast, but anyway, they were flying in the sky. The speed is much faster than traveling on the ground. Only in this way can we reach the bottom of the small city in such a short time. It is said to be under the city, but it is actually about ten miles away from the city. But even if there is no need for radar here, We can also see the city clearly.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the four cities and said in a deep voice: "Send the order, the first to fourth teams attack, each team attacks a city, give them one hour, they must take that city, at most give They have an extra half hour to clean the battlefield. If anyone fails to complete the task within the specified time, don't blame me for being rude. The attack plan is decided by the captain of each team, so go ahead." A staff officer set up the plan for the ancient expedition. Order, and then immediately went to deliver the order.

The order was issued, and the forward army immediately divided into four teams and rushed towards the four cities. The four teams here were not small teams. Each team had at least 20 million people, except for the 20 million people. In addition to people, they are also equipped with a thousand giant beasts and fifty blood-killing battle forts. This kind of combat power is already very powerful.

Recently, the Blood Killing Sect has also been increasing the construction speed of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Although the Blood Killing Sect does not have enough people to exert the strongest combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the Blood Killing Battle Fort is now used as a radar base station. , so naturally we need to build more.

The King of Hell looked at the four teams setting off in the projection, and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Old Gu, you are still so careful. You only gave them an hour and a half for these cities. What? You are still worried that they can't take them. Isn’t this a city?” In Yama Wang Ling’s view, it took less than an hour to capture these cities and clean the battlefield. The ancient expedition actually gave them an hour and a half, which was already too easy.

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at him and said: "Give them a little more time to prevent them from being too anxious. When they are anxious, they will easily make mistakes. Although we are not worried about them making mistakes, with an attack like this, if they really make mistakes, , if something goes wrong, we will be the ones who suffer the loss in the end, so it’s better to be careful." Yama Wang Ling nodded and didn’t say anything.

Soon the four teams had arrived at the outskirts of the four cities and began to attack the four cities. Their attacks were all in the same routine. First, they used the Sky-Swallowing Net to break down the city's shield, and then It was a burst of attacks from the Skyfire on the fifty Blood Killing Battle Forts. After several rounds of Skyfire attacks, those giant beasts began to charge directly. The charging speed of those giant beasts was very fast, and they charged in the blink of an eye. When they arrived at the city, there was no one else in the city except some Yakshas who had stayed behind to cut off their queens, so the four cities were quickly bulldozed.

After bulldozing these four cities, the army continued to move forward. It only took about an hour in total, which was about the same time as Gu Yuanzheng and the others thought. This made Gu Yuanzheng very happy. In any case, now the bloody killing The disciples of the sect have become very proficient in using this set of tactics.

Although this set of tactics seems very simple, it is very suitable for the fighting method of the Blood Killing Sect. It can bring out all the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect, and it does not require the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to charge directly, and the maximum attack speed is reduced. There were no casualties, so now all the Blood Killing Sect teams are very familiar with this way of fighting.

The fighting method of the Blood Killing Sect has a name within the Blood Killing Sect, which is called the crushing tactic, which means just like crushing the enemy, just push over and flatten the enemy. This fighting method, Except for the Blood Killing Sect, there will be no other forces that can use it.

The army moved forward for about a hundred miles. On the projection, a dense patch of light suddenly appeared. The number was so large that it was difficult to count. Upon seeing this, the spirit of Gu Yuanzheng was shaken. He immediately said loudly: "Okay, the enemy's army has been discovered." This voice also called Shu Li and Yama Wang Ling, who were drinking tea and chatting aside.

The two of them also took a look at the projection. When they saw the light spots on the projection, they were also excited for a while. Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "Send the order, all the blood-killing battle forts of the forward army are lined up, move forward. When advancing, you must see clearly how many enemies there are and how large they are, quickly."

The staff officer immediately went to give the order, and then all the blood-killing battle forts of the forward army were lined up. The distance between each blood-killing battle fort was about five hundred miles. Although there would be a certain overlap, there was no There was no mistake, and then the army moved forward as a whole, and the speed of movement also slowed down.

At this time, on Xie Gufang's island, several members of the Yasha clan were reporting to Xie Gufang. While Xie Gufang listened to his words, his expression kept changing. After a while, he waited for the man to finish speaking. He then said: "The other party really only sent a small number of people to attack all four cities within an hour?"

The yakshas nodded together, and one of them said: "General Xie, I have a projection here that you can see. I risked my life to take this picture. The blood-killing sect's reconnaissance methods are very strong, and we are all close to it." If we can’t come back, luckily they don’t take us to heart, otherwise we definitely wouldn’t be able to come back.”

As soon as Xie Gufang heard what those Yakhas said, he immediately took a jade slip that the man brought over. Jade is not produced here in the Yaksha world. These jade slips are actually refined from the pure land here. They are just called The name of a jade slip is not actually jade, but it can play the same role as a jade slip. Moreover, this kind of projected jade slip has long been available in the Yaksha world, but they only have it here. Some images can be recorded, but there is no way to record sound. The recording time is also very short, and it is impossible to achieve the same effect as live broadcast.

Xie Gufang looked at the projection on the jade slip. The projection on the jade slip was not very clear, and the time was not very long. Xie Gufang finished reading it quickly. After he finished reading, Xie Gufang's face turned ugly. He put down the jade slip, turned to look at those people, and then said: "Okay, I understand, you can go down." Those people responded, then turned and left.

After those people left, Xie Gufang came to the main hall, and then called all the leading generals to the main hall. When everyone arrived in the main hall, Xie Gufang looked at everyone and said: " We just received news that the Blood Killing Sect’s army has moved towards us, and just now, they have destroyed four cities. It only took them an hour to destroy these four cities. What do you think about this? view?"

Hearing what Xie Gufang said, those people were also a little surprised. They looked at Xie Gufang and really didn't know what to say. They were really shocked. They captured four cities in one hour. Such Is the attack power too strong? How could they not be surprised by this?

Xie Gufang glanced at them and said in a deep voice: "I also have a clip here that records the four cities where the Blood Killing Sect attacked. Let's take a look." After that, he handed the projection jade slip to the person next to him. Man, the man took the jade slip and handed it to a general. After reading it, the general looked unhappy, and then handed it to another general. After a while, everyone had read the contents of the jade slip.

After everyone had read the contents of the jade slip, Xie Gufang said to them: "Do you have anything to say about the Blood Killing Sect's attack?" After saying that, Xie Gufang's eyes sparkled. Looking at the crowd, he really wanted to see what these people had to say.

Everyone was silent for a while, and it took a while for someone to speak: "The Blood Killing Sect's attack is very fierce, especially their arrow-like magic weapon, the attack power is really powerful, so How did the people of the Lion Heart Kingdom deal with magic weapons in the past? To be honest, I really haven’t figured out any way to deal with this magic weapon now.”

The others all nodded. They had not figured out how to deal with the attack of this magical weapon, because the attack of this magical weapon was too fierce. This was the most powerful attacking magical weapon they had ever seen. , they really don’t know how to deal with it, and the people from the Lion Heart Country can confront the Blood Killing Sect for such a long time, so they should have some ways to deal with it, right? They really want to know that no matter what, some help can be provided to them.

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "Lion Heart Country actually mentioned a method, which is to refine a large number of ordinary magic weapons, and then release those magic weapons when facing the Blood Killing Sect, and use them to What do you think of this magical weapon that can block the Blood Killing Sect?"