c7264 Prepare

When Xie Gufang heard what Wu Litian said, he couldn't help but be surprised. He really brought the Divine Punishment Formation. He didn't expect that the Divine Punishment Formation couldn't be used here, which surprised him. He immediately said: "Is there anything else? What is the best attack method of the Blood Killing Sect?"

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang and said in a deep voice: "The attack method that the Blood Killing Sect is good at is actually no different from the attack method that we are good at. When we fight, we usually use fat cows and eight-legged cows. Put it at the front of the team, then the army, then put the floating island at the end, and the Blood Killing Sect is similar. They also have a lot of giant beasts. They will also put the giant beasts at the front, and then the army in the middle. Behind their army are some of their large magic weapons. Although those large magic weapons are not as huge as the floating island, they are quite useful."

Wu Litian paused for a moment when he said this, then looked at Xie Gufang and said in a deep voice: "The Blood Killing Sect has more behemoths than us, their disciples have more magic weapons than us, and their long-range attack weapons are also very powerful. They are powerful and their attack range is very far. The most important thing is that they also have a kind of energy beast. The attack range of these energy beasts is also very far and their attack power is very strong. The most important thing is that if you If you want to use the curse technique to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, you don’t have to think about it, because it won’t work. The people of the Blood Killing Sect are not afraid of the curse technique at all.”

The more Xie Gufang listened, the more frightened he became. He really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful. When he heard the end, he had to say: "Then what advantage do we have over the Blood Killing Sect? ? Strength? Number of people? Or other aspects, which aspect has the advantage? "

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang, shook his head and said: "No, there is no advantage in any aspect. Even if you bring these 10 billion people this time, there will be no advantage at all. And the more people you bring, the more people you bring. The Blood Killing Sect's attacks will probably become more powerful, so you must be prepared."

Xie Gufang nodded and didn't say anything, but in his heart, he was already more vigilant about the Blood Killing Sect. Although he still didn't believe that the Blood Killing Sect was really as strong as Wu Litian and the others said, he also knew very well that Wu Litian and the others should not talk nonsense. The strength of this Blood Killing Sect should not be too bad.

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang's look and knew that Xie Gufang couldn't believe everything he said, so he could only sigh secretly in his heart, and then said: "You'd better rest for a few days, and then When preparing to attack the Blood Killing Sect, remember, you must not bring the Divine Punishment Formation, otherwise it will only become a means used by the Blood Killing Sect to deal with you."

Xie Gufang nodded, and Wu Litian said in a deep voice: "You can rest here, or you can go back to the army to rest. It's up to you. I've already given orders to the people outside. If you need anything, you can come directly. Let them prepare for you. You're welcome. Although we had a bad relationship before, this time is different. This time we are facing a common enemy." After saying that, Wu Litian stood up, clasped his fists at Xie Gufang, and said Turned and left.

After Wu Litian left, Xie Gufang sat in the side hall for a while, then stood up, called his entourage, and then returned directly to the army. He would rather be in the army than stay there forever. Here on Lion Heart Island, he always felt very awkward staying here.

Having said that, this time the army formed by several emperors will naturally not be without floating islands. In fact, this time the army has a lot of floating islands, more than fifty, and one of them is Xie Gufang is where his headquarters is located. He must go back, find the commanders of each team in his headquarters, and give detailed instructions. Especially what Wu Litian said, he must follow them carefully. Someone tell me.

When Xie Gufang left Lion Heart Island, he immediately told the Lion Heart Emperor the news. The Lion Heart Emperor had not left yet. After hearing that Xie Gufang left, he didn't care and just waved his hand. , and let people go down. Naturally, someone also told Fu Xiang the news, and Fu Xiang also didn't have much reaction.

The Lion Heart Emperor also left Lion Heart Island not long after Xie Gufang left. He had to meet with the other emperors and talk about the Blood Killing Sect. He had to let the other emperors know about the Blood Killing Sect. It's awesome. At the same time, the other emperors must agree to let their Lion Heart Kingdom army rest in the rear. Only in this way can they go to the rear to rest. Otherwise, it will arouse the suspicion of the other emperors. The Lion Heart Emperor doesn't want to be here. time, causing internal strife.

At this time, Xie Gufang was already on his island, calling all the leaders of the armies into his room. This time, the leaders of the armies were not only people from their powerful country, but also people from their own country. There are people from other countries, and the leaders sent by other countries are very important to their military power. Although Xie Gufang holds the position of a reinforcement leader, the only things they can really control are Although he has the power to command and mobilize the people under his command, it is impossible to completely control those armies.

But Xie Gufang didn't say anything. He knew that it was useless. Just like it was impossible for him to hand over the military power to the Lion Heart Emperor, it was impossible for those people to hand over the military power to him. He could avoid strong command. Those people were already pretty good, so Xie Gufang didn't say much about this situation.

When everyone arrived, Xie Gufang said: "Everyone, this time we are here to support the Lion Heart Kingdom, not only to protect the Lion Heart Kingdom, but also for ourselves. We don't know much about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. Not many, but people from the Lion Heart Kingdom told me some things about the Blood Killing Sect today, and I feel it is necessary to tell you."

Speaking of this, Xie Gufang paused for a moment, and then Xie Gufang said: "Wu Litian told me this news. I think everyone knows about Wu Litian's situation. He is also a famous general in the Lion Heart Kingdom, and what he said , Regarding the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, it is mainly about the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect, so I think you need to know."

Then Xie Gu Fangzhu told everyone what Wu Litian told him. Everyone's expressions changed after hearing Xie Gufang's words. When Xie Gufang finished speaking, those people looked at each other and didn't say anything for a while. After a while, one of the generals looked at Xie Gufang and said: "General Xie, How much truth do you think Wu Litian said?"

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "Although Wu Litian has not dealt with me before, and I have suffered losses at his hands, he is indeed a good person, and he will not do anything like this. Lie to us. If they lie to us about this kind of thing, it will not do them any good. After all, we are here mainly to help them, and they have no reason to lie to us about these things."

No one spoke. After a while, another general finally spoke: "But according to what they said, we can't use the Divine Punishment Formation. Our military strength may not be as good as that of the Blood Killing Sect, nor can our magical weapons." Even the giant beasts can't compare to the Blood Killing Sect. We can't compare to the Blood Killing Sect in every aspect, so how can we fight this battle? Can we just fight for consumption? What if the people of the Blood Killing Sect are really better than us? If it’s too much, then even if we fight hard, we can’t beat the Blood Killing Sect? So what should we do?”

Xie Gufang shook his head and said in a deep voice: "We are here now. We still don't know how strong this Blood Killing Sect is, but after meeting with people from the Lion Heart Country today, I don't feel very good. , the people of the Lion Heart Kingdom seem to have developed a kind of fear towards the Blood Killing Sect. Everything they say is that the Blood Killing Sect is invincible. This makes me feel very bad. I feel The people in the Lion Heart Country have been frightened by the Blood Killing Sect, and they are no longer suitable for the battlefield."

When everyone heard what Xie Gufang said, they couldn't help but be startled, but then their eyes lit up. They finally understood the meaning of Xie Gufang's words. If the people of the Lion Heart Country are really not suitable for killing with blood, If Zong fights, the people of the Lion Heart Country must retreat, and if they retreat, then the Lion Heart Country will be their territory, how can they be unhappy.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone and said, "His Majesty the Lion-Hearted Emperor has told me personally that the Lion-Heart Kingdom's army is preparing to withdraw from the territory of the Lion-Heart Kingdom. What do you think about this matter?" Xie Gufang naturally knew what these people were thinking, so he directly told the Lion Heart Emperor's plan.

After hearing what Xie Gufang said, everyone became even more excited. One of the generals looked at Xie Gufang and said, "Is what General Xie said true? If it is true, then we must report this matter immediately. By the way, what is the situation of the Lionheart Army now? Can you tell us in detail?"

Xie Gufang glanced at the man, and then said in a deep voice: "It seems that the losses are not small, and morale is completely lost, so I said that they are no longer suitable for the battlefield. This matter does need to be reported, but then We still need to take a closer look at the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. If the people from the Blood Killing Sect are strong, we need to be more careful."

Everyone nodded. Xie Gufang's words were indeed right. Even if the people of the Lion Heart Country retreated, most of the territory of the Lion Heart Country was now occupied by the Blood Killing Sect. It would be of no use to them. I think. To get these territories, they must first defeat the Blood Killing Sect, and they can only think about the rest now.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone, and then said: "Let's take a break for two days. First, let everyone have a good rest and deal with their own affairs. Second, we have to pass through Lion Heart Country and get to know each other better. After understanding the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, we are deciding the next step, but if nothing unexpected happens, we will attack the Blood Killing Sect in two days. Do you have any opinions?"

Everyone shook their heads. Of course they would not have any objections. Two days were enough for them to report the situation in Lion Heart Country and get instructions from above. As for attacking the Blood Killing Sect, would they come? Is this what you came for? Is it possible to retreat directly without attacking the Blood Killing Sect? That's obviously impossible.