c7260 change

But Fu Xiang was the only one who remained calm. He just turned his head and glanced at Panshan Jun, and then said: "Go on." After hearing what he said, everyone came back to their senses, and then they all felt a little uncomfortable. Looking at Fu Xiang in confusion, could it be that Mr. Panshan hasn't finished speaking yet? It shouldn't be. He said that by putting the battlefield on the ground, it should be over. Everyone knows what he means, so what else is there to say?

Panshan Jun was startled, and then he immediately bowed and said: "Yes, Prime Minister, Your Majesty, what I mean is that although we want to put the battlefield on the ground, we must ensure that our floating island always flies on the ground. Once we get there, we need to ask Lord Yasha God for help. Please ask Lord Yasha God for help so that our floating island can fly in the sky. This is the best result for us. Is it feasible?"

When the Lion Heart Emperor and others heard what Panshan Lord said, their eyes could not help but light up. If it was really like what Panshan Lord said, they put the battlefield on the ground and used the forbidden air formation, but their floating island If they can still fly, then for them, it is definitely a good result. Then they will definitely have the upper hand in the battle with the Blood Killing Sect, and it can even be said that they can be invincible. place.

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at Lord Panshan with gleaming eyes, and then said in a deep voice: "Lord Yasha God, can you really help us? You must know that this is not a trivial matter, and even our floating island can fly It's in the sky, but we still don't have a good way to attack the Blood Killing Sect. After all, even if the floating island is in the sky, there aren't many ways to attack the Blood Killing Sect. It doesn't seem to be very useful. Bar?"

When everyone heard what the Lion Heart Emperor said, they were all stunned. Then they realized, yes, if the floating island can fly in the sky, then it doesn't seem to be of much use, right? The floating island lacks the means to attack the ground. If people are released directly from the floating island to attack the Blood Killing Sect, it will not be very useful. Because of the existence of the forbidden air formation, those floating People who come off the island may fall directly to the ground and die, which will not be of any use.

Panshan Jun said in a deep voice: "Don't worry about Quexia. If the floating island can really fly in the sky, then we still have many ways to attack the Blood Killing Sect. The simplest one is to directly hit the Blood Killing Sect's base guard. If you destroy the shield of their base, I don’t believe that the Blood Killing Sect will still be nervous at that time.”

The Lion Heart Emperor was stunned, and then he immediately realized that it was indeed the case. If they could really destroy the shield of the Blood Killing Sect's base, it would indeed bring a lot of trouble to the Blood Killing Sect. By that time, the people of the Blood Killing Sect will probably have no intention of attacking them, and by that time, they will also have countless means to deal with the Blood Killing Sect.

Thinking of this, the Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help but nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "If you want to ask Lord Yasha God for help, five emperors must submit a letter together. It's useless for me to say it alone. I will wait until the other emperors arrive and discuss it with them before I can decide. However, this method is good and I think it is feasible. I will try my best to convince the other people."

Lord Panshan responded and then retreated, but Prime Minister Fu said at this time: "Reinforcements from other countries will arrive in three days. We must also make some preparations. We cannot let the Blood Killing Sect be here these days. They are attacking us. You all go back so that you can organize your army and prevent the Blood Killing Sect from attacking." All those people responded, then turned and left.

After those people left, Prime Minister Fu turned to the Lion-Hearted Emperor and said: "Your Majesty, I think Lord Panshan's words are very reasonable. Putting the battlefield on the ground has more advantages than disadvantages for us. We should do our best. It's possible to contribute to this matter, but I have a different view on the floating island."

Speaking of this, Fu Xiang paused for a moment, and then he said: "Panshan Jun's method is very good, but he forgot one thing, that is, the floating island does not have its own power. If the floating island wants to move forward, it must An eight-legged cow must be used to pull it, but if the forbidden air formation is really used, the eight-legged cow will definitely be prohibited from flying. In that case, the eight-legged cow will not be able to move forward to the floating island, so his This method can be said to be unworkable.”

The Lion Heart Emperor was stunned for a moment, but then his expression changed drastically. It was indeed as Fu Xiang said, the floating island did not have its own power. Even if it was not afraid of the forbidden air formation, without the eight-legged bull, it would only It is impossible to move even if it is floating in the air, let alone attack the enemy. This is indeed not feasible.

Fu Xiang looked at the Lion Heart Emperor and said in a deep voice: "Your Majesty, I think Lord Panshan's idea is good, but as he said, leaving the floating island in the sky is really not a good idea, although it can be done directly Attack the base shield of the Blood Killing Sect, but it is impossible for the Blood Killing Sect to be helpless. Your Majesty, don’t forget that the Blood Killing Sect has its own laws. Even if we turn the entire Yaksha Realm into It is forbidden to fly, but it is of no use in the Blood Killing Sect. In the base of the Blood Killing Sect, it is still forbidden to fly. By that time, our floating island will lose any advantage, then It’s not good, so I think Panshanjun’s method is not very good.”

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at the Prime Minister and said: "The Prime Minister said that this method is not very good, which means that this method is actually feasible, but you think that the handling of the floating island is not very good. Prime Minister, what do you think should be done with the floating island? Do you have any ideas?"

Fu Xiang said in a deep voice: "Yes, the veteran believes that we should let the floating island fall, but not completely to the ground. It is best to be some distance from the ground, so that the eight-legged cow can continue to move forward from the floating island. , and at the same time, because the floating island is still some distance from the ground, it will not affect the speed of the floating island. At the same time, the floating island can also rush forward and attack the enemy. This should be a good choice, please make your decision."

The Lion Heart Emperor thought for a while, and finally nodded and said: "Yes, if this is the case, it is indeed feasible. Okay, I understand. When the other emperors come, I will discuss it with them. This matter is just It’s useless for me to say it alone, it depends on all of them.”

Fu responded, and then said: "When the reinforcements from the emperors first arrived, your majesty told them that it would not have any effect. Although they all knew about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, but there was no In the case of a real battle with the Blood Killing Sect, I'm afraid they won't really believe what you say, so even if you say it, Your Majesty, they probably won't agree. Only they are in the hands of the Blood Killing Sect. Only when they suffer a loss will they think of what your Majesty said."

The Lion Heart Emperor sighed softly and said: "No matter what they think, I have to do this. This time's matter is really not related to our Lion Heart Kingdom, but to the entire Yasha clan. , if I didn’t have such an idea before, then I already have such an idea now, the combat power of the Blood Killing Sect is indeed too terrifying.”

Fu Xiang nodded. To be honest, the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect was indeed beyond his expectation. He really didn't think about it that much now, but there were some things he still had to do with the Lion. What the Heart Emperor said was just like this reminder, he is the Prime Minister of the Lion Heart Emperor, and he must say these words.

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at Fu Xiang, and then said: "Okay, Prime Minister, you should go back and have a rest. Before the reinforcements of those people arrive, I will not attack the Blood Killing Sect. As for Panshan Jun's If you have an idea, I will also find a suitable opportunity to tell those people, so you don’t have to worry."

Fu Xiang nodded, then bowed to the Lion Heart Emperor, and then turned and left. His status in the Lion Heart Kingdom is very high, and the Lion Heart Emperor has always been very polite to him, so he is like this. Even if he talks to the Lion Heart Emperor, the Lion Heart Emperor will not blame him, because the Lion Heart Emperor knows very well that Fu is absolutely loyal to him.

Three days, to the Lion Heart Emperor and the others, was really nothing. It passed in the blink of an eye. During these three days, the army of the Lion Heart Kingdom had been paying attention to the movements of the Blood Killing Sect, which made them feel Surprisingly, the Blood Killer Sect actually rested for a period of time and had no intention of attacking. This made the Lion Heart Emperor very surprised and at the same time very happy. He was really afraid of the Blood Killer Sect. Taking advantage of the power of the victory, they attacked directly. If that was really the case, it would be really troublesome. They would not be able to stop the Blood Killing Sect's attack at all.

Fortunately, the Blood Killing Sect did not attack, which made the Lion Heart Emperor very happy. If the Blood Killing Sect rested for a whole day, he would give them an extra day. He couldn't bear to think that the Blood Killing Sect would rest for a few more days, so that they would be safe. . Although the Lion Heart Emperor said that this matter related to the entire Yasha clan, he must do his best, but if he was asked to fight the Blood Killing Sect now and fight to the last person, he would really do it. I can't, and I'm not happy, because after all, other countries have nothing to lose now. They worry not about scarcity but about inequality. This is everyone's mentality. I am here to fight for the entire Yaksha clan, but nothing has happened to you. , then there is such a good thing. I am not just doing it for myself, I am also doing it for you. You must come over and fight together, otherwise I will not do it. This is the mentality of the current Lionheart Emperor.

In fact, the psychology of normal people is like this. There are not many people with real noble feelings, so it is normal for the Lion Heart Emperor to think so. This is why he wants to preserve his strength, but it is also Because of this, they cannot be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect. Compared to the Blood Killing Sect, they are nothing but a piece of loose sand.

From top to bottom, there is only one voice in the Blood Killing Sect, and that is Zhao Hai's voice. Zhao Hai's will is the Blood Killing Sect's will. No one has any opinions, so the Blood Killing Sect can achieve unified command. No one will object to assigning tasks to anyone, even if it is a very dangerous task, and this is absolutely impossible in the Yaksha world.