c7269 fishing

Gu Yuanzheng frowned, and then said: "Retreat, and let the Blood Kill Battle Fort attack the enemy while retreating. If it reaches the range, let those energy giant beasts also attack. There are too many enemies now." , is twenty times stronger than us. We must not fight head-on with the enemy. Lao Chen, if you really want to have a fight with the enemy, wait a while and wait until the enemy gets closer and reaches the attack distance of the energy beast. You guys should take action too.”

Both Yama Ling and Shun Li nodded, and the staff also recorded the ancient expedition's order, and then passed it on directly. As the Yama Ling's order was issued, the Blood Killing Sect's army also began to slowly retreat. , but their blood-killing battle fort did not stop, and they kept attacking the enemy with sky-full of fire.

Then the Blood Slaughter Sect retreated faster and faster, no longer slower than the enemy's advance. It was like the Blood Slaughter Sect's people were fishing, keeping fishing for the Yaksha clan's army before they could escape. , and did not let them get close, just kept attacking the enemy.

Xie Gufang also discovered the Blood Killing Sect's tactics. When he heard that the Blood Killing Sect's people began to retreat, and attacked them while retreating, and the opponent's retreat speed was not slower than them, he couldn't help but frowned. If the enemy keeps using this method to deal with them, it will be really troublesome.

But after thinking about it, Xie Gufang snorted coldly and said: "I don't believe you can retreat there. If you can retreat, don't you also want your base? Give the order to speed up the march. It must be as short as possible." Within the time limit, I can rush to the enemy's base and break through their base. I really want to see where they can run."

Immediately, a messenger took down the order, and then passed it on directly. The Yaksha clan's army accelerated their march again, and this situation was naturally discovered by Gu Yuanzheng and the others immediately. , Ancient Expedition has radar, how could they not detect them.

When Gu Yuanzheng saw the speed of the Yasha clan, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Interesting, it seems that those guys from the Yasha clan really thought that we were afraid of them, so they sent a letter to Elder Wen and asked them, How long do they have before they can join us, and at the same time, we have to tell them our current situation, so go ahead.”

The staff officer immediately wrote to Wen Wenhai, and Wen Wenhai's reply soon arrived. Based on the current situation, they will meet up in less than two hours. If necessary, they can speed up their advance. Speed ​​up and strive to meet up within an hour.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Send a letter to Elder Wen and ask them to speed up. We must meet up within an hour. Let's go." The staff officer immediately responded, and then went directly to deliver the order. Although he said Wen Wenhai is now commanding the Ancient Expedition, but now that the Ancient Expedition is on the front line, his opinions are naturally more important.

Yama Wang Ling said in a deep voice: "Do we need to speed up a little bit? Otherwise, I am afraid that when we join Lao Wen and the others, the enemy will also kill us." Yama Wang Ling still attaches great importance to this matter. , they now only have about 500 million people, but the enemy has 10 billion. This number is really too different. If they really fight with the enemy or are surrounded by the enemy, the consequences will be really unimaginable. .

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "No, the current speed is just right. When the enemy gets closer and our energy beasts can be dispatched, the enemy's speed should slow down, and we can't be too far away from the gang." Otherwise, when Lao Wen and the others join us, what if the enemy turns around and runs away when they see that there are so many of us? Won’t we have no way to deal with them? Just catch them like this Enough."

When the King of Hell heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "You are really cunning. Okay, let's do it like this." After saying that, he looked at the projection, and a trace of excitement flashed in his eyes. With murderous intention, he then said in a deep voice: "This Yaksha clan is indeed difficult to deal with. I don't know what the next interface will be, but none of the remaining interfaces are easy to deal with. We must be careful."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said in a deep voice: "None of the remaining interfaces are really easy to deal with. There are even races like Celestial Beings and Dragon Clan. These races are all powerful fighting races. We want to Fighting against such an enemy is definitely not an easy task, so the Yasha clan is just an appetizer."

The King of Hell nodded, and then he suddenly laughed. Gu Yuanzheng looked at the King of Hell with some confusion and said, "Old Yan, why are you laughing?" He really didn't know what the King of Hell was thinking. They need to clear at least four spaces before they can leave from here. What's so exciting about this.

The King of Hell said with a smile: "I'm laughing, the destiny is indeed on our side. Think about it, if we don't ascend here after ascending, but directly ascend to the Wanshan Realm, I'm afraid our blood will be destroyed." The Killing Sect will not develop so fast. Also, the space here is so magical, and the young master said that it has not been refined yet. That means that as long as we conquer these few spaces, we can kill him. The refining is complete, and the young master also said that these spaces should be integrated into our Xuanwu space. Then won’t our Blood Sect be stronger in the future? Doesn’t this mean that destiny is on our side?”

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he was slightly startled, but then he also laughed, and after a while he said: "Hahahaha, when you say that, it seems true, the young master is indeed very lucky. Man, it seems that not only is it not a bad thing for us to be here, on the contrary, it is also a good thing."

Shun Li also spoke at this time: "Of course it's a good thing. This place is a land without an owner. Except for the people of the Shadow Clan in the black and white battlefield, the remaining spaces, although controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, It is polluted, but it is not under the control of the Shadow Clan. We can use our fists here casually. If we really go to Wanshan Realm, how could we have such an opportunity? So of course it is a good thing to be here. We are bloody The Killing Sect’s strength has improved so rapidly in recent times, it’s because of this, why should we be unhappy.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, then he looked at the projection and said in a deep voice: "The Yaksha clan is just a small test. Now we can't learn anything from them. They are no longer our opponents." Okay, we have to solve the problem here in the Yaksha Realm as soon as possible."

The King of Hell said in a deep voice: "We must also be careful. Although the Yaksha clan has nothing for us to learn now, there should still be some masters in the Yaksha clan, but I don't know why, but they have not taken action. But we must be careful. Didn't you hear what Lao Wen said? He has always asked Lao Ding and the others to be ready to fight at any time. We must also be careful to prevent the opponent's masters from suddenly attacking. "

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said in a deep voice: "Don't worry about this. As long as the opponent's masters dare to take action, I will ask Lao Ding and the others to take action immediately. The strength of those guys is really strong enough. Now I'm afraid he's a little stronger than you and me, right?" Gu Yuanzheng still has a certain understanding of Ding Chunming's strength.

Yama Wang Ling said with a smile: "Of course, those guys are all selected by the sect master. They are very powerful and have very special physiques. They can be said to be the most talented ones in our Blood Killing Sect. Batch of people, we can’t compare to the talent of those guys.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, did not speak, but stared at the projection. Now the enemy was getting closer and closer to them, and they were about to enter the attack range of the energy beast, but Gu Yuanzheng did not give any orders. He believed that the people below knew what to do, so Gu Yuanzheng did not speak.

Sure enough, after a while, the people of the Yasha clan had already entered the attack range of the energy giant beast. The attack range of this energy giant beast was about five hundred miles. Of course, only energy giant beasts could attack such a distance. Ordinary energy beasts , the attack distance is only about two hundred miles, and they will dissipate if they are far away.

As soon as the Yaksha clan's army entered within a radius of five hundred miles, the energy beasts of the Blood Killer Sect immediately rushed over and began to attack the people of the Yaksha clan. The attacks of these energy giants were very fierce. They are very huge, and their attack power is also very powerful. The average Yasha clan really can't stop them.

However, Xie Gufang also learned some experience from Wu Litian and others. He knew that to deal with these energy behemoths, he had to concentrate his strength and attack them non-stop. It was best to use magic weapons. The more the better. Naturally, Xie Gufang was not polite, and directly asked the people of the Yasha clan to use magic weapons to attack the energy beast.

Although it is true that many energy beasts were dispersed in this way, more rational beasts still rushed into the army of the Yaksha clan. However, the Yaksha clan are all experienced in battles. They did not flinch, but instead attacked the energy beast with all their strength. Even though the energy beast rushed into the army and caused some casualties to the Yasha clan, the casualties were not very large.

However, their sky-filling fire never stopped attacking. Just as Gu Yuanzheng thought, although the Yasha clan was still advancing while blocking the attacks of the sky-filling fire and the energy beast, the speed of their advance was He unconsciously slowed down, and Xie Gufang had no choice in this situation.

The people of the Blood Killing Sect didn't care about this. The enemy slowed down, and they also slowed down. They just didn't let the enemy get too close, and didn't let the enemy get too far away, because they still had to wait. After the large forces of the island are reunited, they will launch a counterattack. In this case, it is naturally impossible to pull the enemy too far. When they want to counterattack, they will also give the enemy time to escape, so their speed is always controlled. very good. At the same time, Gu Yuanzheng was also constantly in contact with Wen Wenhai, keeping an eye on Wen Wenhai's position so that they could make adjustments at any time.