c7268 Speed ​​up the attack

Gu Yuanzheng sat in the radar ship and looked at the projection in front of him. Their army had stopped advancing. Now they were about a thousand miles away from the opponent's army. He stopped when he reached this distance. He was not attacking. He was waiting. He has already seen the arrival of the army from behind. The number of enemies is definitely around tens of billions. This is a very huge number. Facing so many enemies, he cannot take it lightly, so he must wait until the army from behind arrives. Only then can we take the next step.

At this time, he suddenly saw that some people in the enemy's army began to retreat slowly, as if they were leaving. This made Gu Yuanzheng stunned, and then he couldn't help but reveal a strange look on his face. He immediately reported this situation to Wen Wenhai.

The ancient expedition has almost guessed that those who retreated from the enemy may be the Yakshas who fought with them before. Now those Yakshas have left, and those who stayed to fight with them are all the Yakshas who have come to support them. It seems true. As everyone has analyzed, the Yaksha clan is not monolithic.

Sure enough, not long after he sent the message, Wen Wenhai and the others wrote him a reply. It was pretty much what he thought. Wen Wenhai and the others also had the same opinion. There would be no surprises in the ancient expedition. As long as the enemy did not attack, Then they can wait here with peace of mind, and when Wen Wenhai and others arrive, they can attack.

But just as he was entering, Gu Yuanzheng suddenly discovered that the enemy's army had moved, and they began to slowly press towards them. When he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng's spirit couldn't help but trembled, and then he immediately He said loudly: "Send a letter to Elder Wen and tell them that the enemy has already moved towards us. We are ready to stop the enemy on the spot. We are sending an order to all the blood-killing battle forts to use the sky full of fire and energy beasts to attack the enemy. Attack, quickly." The staff officer responded, wrote down Gu Yuanzheng's order, and then went directly to deliver the order.

At this time, King of Hell Ling and Shun Li also came to the room. As soon as they arrived in the room, they heard the order of Gu Yuanzheng. They immediately walked to the projection and took a look at the projection. Their expressions were After being slightly startled, King Yama Ling said, "I really didn't expect that they would take action first."

Shun Li also nodded and said: "Yes, I thought they would be there waiting for us to attack. Unexpectedly, they actually took action first, but that's okay. When will our army arrive? If the army If not, we probably won’t be able to stop them for long with our current military strength alone.”

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "It should be fast. Elder Wen and the others cannot be too far away from us. Our advance speed has not been very fast before, but we have deliberately maintained a distance from the army behind us. The distance between us is, It will definitely not take more than ten hours, and they should be arriving soon."

Shun Li nodded and said: "That's good. I have called all the scouts back and sent all the alien yakshas over. As long as we fight, they can immediately join the battle, but they are gathered here. , it will also take a certain amount of time, and we still have to be prepared for a hard fight."

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Don't worry too much. Skyfire and energy beasts will keep attacking them first, which will slow down their progress. Of course, if they keep rushing forward regardless of it, there will be no problem." What a big deal, just wait for them, I really want to see if they can eat us."

At this time, the staff officer came over and said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Elder Gu, Elder Wen ordered." He paused for a moment, and when Gu Yuanzheng signaled him to speak directly, he then said: "Elder Gu, please give me orders." Retreat while fighting, and must not hold on to avoid excessive casualties. The reinforcements will arrive in three hours. I hope you can take the initiative to retreat and join the reinforcements depending on the situation."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said, "I understand, let's go down." The staff officer responded, turned around and left. After he left, Gu Yuanzheng looked at the projection. He could see now that on the projection, countless sky-filled fires had begun to attack the enemy. He really wanted to know what choice the enemy would make.

Shun Li and the others also noticed this, and the King of Hell opened his mouth and said: "The attack distance of Mantianhuo is farther than that of the energy beast, but the attack power of the old-fashioned Mantianhuo is not very strong, and it may It is absolutely impossible to slow down the enemy, but it is absolutely impossible to cause too many casualties to the enemy, and the young master has never wanted us to rely on this kind of long-range attack to attack the enemy, which will make us bloody. The disciple has lost his courage. The young master is right. If he were a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect in the past, I am afraid he would not have had excessive mood swings and needed to rest. But now he needs it. Maybe it is because of the long-range attack weapons we use. So many reasons.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then he sighed softly and said: "The young master asked Shenji Hall to get those magic weapons in order to reduce the casualties of the disciples of the sect, but he did not expect that it would end up like this. Such a result, no wonder the young master has been telling everyone not to give up on close combat, it is indeed very important."

Shu Li and Yama Wang Ling both nodded, but then they focused their gazes on the projection, and saw that the sky-filled fires had now hit the Yaksha clan's army, and Gu Yuanzheng and the others were all paying attention. Being attracted, they wanted to see what the enemy would do in the face of such an attack.

Xie Gufang stood on the city wall of his island and looked at the countless bright spots flying over in the distant sky. Those bright spots were like shooting stars, shooting straight towards them. Xie Gufang's face was calm. He knew that these were Wu Litian and the others. The kind of magic weapon mentioned. He has seen the attack power of this kind of magic weapon. To be honest, the attack power of this kind of magic weapon is really powerful, especially for those places where there is no shield. Still big.

But Xie Gufang is not afraid. The reason why he is not worried at all is because he has brought many people this time. What is the concept of more than 10 billion people? People say that if there are more than 10,000 soldiers, it is boundless and has more than 10 billion people. It is not as simple as 10,000. The number of people is really too many, which can be said to be overwhelming.

Although the Yaksha clan's army formed a three-dimensional formation when they advanced, their formation was also relatively loose, so the area they occupied was not small at all, or even larger, so their army , it is really endless as far as the eye can see. With such a large army, facing such an attack from the enemy, it is not a big deal, so Xie Gufang didn't take it to heart at all.

However, he had already told the people below how to deal with this kind of magic weapon. When he saw countless yakshas, ​​he directly released his magic weapon and rushed towards the sky-full of fire. Some sky-fires directly He was hit by those magic weapons, and exploded in the air. It did not hurt the people of the Yaksha clan. Of course, there were also some fires in the sky, which fell directly into the army of the Yaksha clan, and then exploded. This naturally caused some damage to the people of the Yasha clan, but the damage was not very serious.

Xie Gufang naturally saw the power of those sky-filled fires. He nodded with great satisfaction, then waved his hand and said loudly: "Speed ​​up the advance. As long as we get close to those people and hang together with them, then their The magic weapon is useless, move forward, speed up." Someone immediately responded and went down to deliver the order, and then the Yasha clan's advance speed accelerated.

At this moment, a loud noise came from the top of Xie Gufang's head. Xie Gufang turned his head and saw that a Mantianhuo exploded above his head, but the power of the Mantianhuo was not very strong. The shield on his island was blown open. When he saw this situation, Xie Gufang couldn't help but be stunned. Then a smile appeared on his face, and then he murmured: "Hahahaha, I see, the explosive power of this thing Although it is not small, the armor-breaking power is not very great. If it seems that you want to deal with this thing, there is still a way, come here."

Following his voice, someone immediately walked up to Xie Gufang. Xie Gufang said, "For the record, although the enemy's arrow-shaped weapon has a powerful explosion, its armor-piercing power is not very strong. I suggest you use it." In the army below, use the protective shield array to protect the disciples from injury. You can disperse the fat cows into the army, and set up a shield on the fat cows to protect the surrounding soldiers. Finished ."

The Yaksha also finished recording, and then he put one on top of what he had recorded and showed it to Xie Gufang. After Xie Gufang looked at it, he nodded and said: "We will keep one point and write another one to send to His Majesty." Go." The Yaksha responded, turned around and left. This is also a habit of Xie Gufang. If he feels that there is anything that needs improvement, he will definitely record it and then send a copy to Emperor Huwei for future convenience. When necessary, you can take it out and look at it to give other people a heads up.

At this time, the army of the Yasha clan did not stop, but was still advancing, and the speed was very fast. They were only a thousand miles away from the army of the Blood Killing Sect, which may be very far for people on the ground, but for people on the ground, For the people of the Yasha clan who are flying at full strength, it is really not that far away, and it won't take long for them to arrive.

And Gu Yuanzheng and the others also saw the opponent's movements. They originally wanted to delay the opponent's attack through the attack of Mantianhuo, but they did not expect that the opponent not only was not delayed, but actually accelerated. See Seeing that the other party was getting closer and closer to their army, Gu Yuanzheng's expression could not help but become serious.

The King of Hell also saw that the other party had sped up. He couldn't help but frown slightly and said: "The other party not only did not slow down, but actually sped up. Could it be that they wanted to strangle us earlier to make us satisfied?" You can't help but use the sky fire? You must have some brains, Lao Gu, what do you think we should do now?" King of Hell Ling is also experienced in many battles, so as soon as the other party makes such an action, he immediately understands what the other party means, so Once they arrived, they had to make a choice, whether to defend here or to retreat and fight at the same time.