c7263 inform

Of course, what surprised Xie Gufang even more was that in front of the Lion Heart Queen, it was very clear that he was leaving the Lion Heart Country and would take everyone in the Lion Heart Country with him. , this is tantamount to completely giving up the Lion Heart Country, giving up its own territory and its own foundation, which is completely beyond Xie Gufang's expectation.

Xie Gufang stared at the Lion Heart Emperor blankly, not knowing whether what he said was true or false, because it didn't sound true no matter how much he said it. If the Lion Heart Emperor stayed here, then as long as the Yaksha clan wins in the future, Now, the territory in the Lion Heart Kingdom still belongs to the Lion Heart Emperor, and others will not occupy it. Even if it does, it will not take all of it. After all, an emperor still has to give face.

But if the Lion Heart Emperor really leaves the Lion Heart Country, it means that he has given up on the Lion Heart Country. Then when they defeat the Blood Killing Sect, the land in the Lion Heart Country can be divided among other countries. If you don't give it to Lion Heart Emperor, Lion Heart Emperor can't say anything. After all, he gave up here himself.

It is precisely because of this that Xie Gufang was so surprised. He never thought that the Lion Heart Emperor would take the initiative to abandon the Lion Heart Kingdom. This surprised him so much that he even thought that he had heard wrong. But looking at the Lion Heart Emperor's expression, it didn't feel like it.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor also saw Xie Gufang's expression. He said in a deep voice: "I know you may not believe what you said, but what I said is true. Now our Lion-Heart Kingdom is really not fighting against blood. We have to retreat to the rear to rest and recuperate. To be honest, General Xie, I really don’t believe that you can defeat the Blood Killing Sect, so we must make some preparations in advance.”

Xie Gufang's face turned red immediately. He felt that he had been slighted. He never thought that the Lion Heart Emperor would say this. You must know that they have 10 billion people. Ten billion, not just one person. One hundred, not one million, but ten billion. That boundless army is just there. What else is there to worry about? He really didn't believe that anyone could stop the attack of their tens of billions of troops.

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at Xie Gufang, sighed softly, and then turned to Wu Litian and said: "General Wu, please lead General Xie down, tell him a good story about the Blood Killing Sect, and how to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. During the battle, tell General Xie about all the attack methods you will encounter and how you will deal with them. You should also tell General Xie about them so as not to let them suffer too much." After saying this, he waved his hand and said very Obviously, he was chasing people away.

Wu Litian also came to Xie Gufang at this time, and said to Xie Gufang: "General Xie, please come with me, and we will talk about the Blood Killing Sect in detail." At this time, Xie Gufang looked at the Lion Heart Emperor, He said in a deep voice: "Your Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor, are you afraid of the Blood Killing Sect? Otherwise, why do you promote the Blood Killing Sect so highly?

Upon hearing what he said, the expressions of everyone in the hall changed, and the expression of the Lion Heart Emperor also changed slightly. Then he glanced at Xie Gufang and said in a deep voice: "General Xie, what exactly do I think? , I don’t need to explain to you, you should go down with Wu Litian and get to know the Blood Killing Sect." After saying that, he didn’t even look at Xie Gufang.

Wu Litian's face also darkened. He glanced at Xie Gufang and said solemnly: "General Xie, you'd better pay attention to your words. You can't choose my emperor. Come with me." Walking straight out, it was obvious that he was already warning Xie Gufang.

Xie Gufang took a deep look at the Lion Heart King, then turned his head and followed Wu Litian out. He really wanted to hear what Wu Litian had to say. To be honest, he was really very fond of the Lion Heart King now. Disappointment Country, because since he entered the Lion Heart Country, the people of the Lion Heart Country have been talking about how powerful and terrifying the Blood Killing Sect is, which makes him very uncomfortable. It is precisely because of this, That's why he just contradicted the Lion Heart Emperor.

After Xie Gufang left, the Lion Heart Emperor's expression recovered. He glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "You must be prepared to retreat at any time. I will go to the other emperors soon to see you. While they are there, tell them about the front line, and at the same time tell them that we are going to retreat, but before I give the order to retreat, all of you are not allowed to act rashly, do you understand?"

Everyone responded in unison, and the Lion-Hearted Emperor turned to look at Fu Xiang, and said: "Prime Minister, I leave this to you. You have to keep an eye on them, and you must not let them mess around. While I'm away, At this time, our Lion Heart Kingdom will rely on you to preside over it. You have the same power as me. If anyone dares to disobey you, you can kill them directly without asking me."

Fu responded and said nothing more. He had always followed the Lion Heart Emperor, and the Lion Heart Emperor was the most at ease with him. Now to contact other emperors, the Lion Heart Emperor must come forward in person, and he cannot do so, so this At that time, he could only be in charge of Lion Heart, and only he could suppress everyone in Lion Heart without causing any trouble.

The Lion Heart Emperor glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "While I am away, if anyone dares to disobey the Prime Minister, even if the Prime Minister does not kill him, I will deal with him. Do you understand?" Lion The Heart Emperor is very clear that the people's hearts in the Lion Heart Kingdom are already a little unstable now. He must be well prepared and must not let any trouble happen in the Lion Heart Kingdom.

Everyone agreed, and they also knew that the Lion Heart Emperor was hiding his strength, and the more at this time, the less likely they were to betray the Lion Heart Emperor, otherwise, the Lion Heart Emperor would definitely kill them, and the other few. I am afraid that the emperor will not fall out with the Lion Heart Emperor because of them, so it is best to be more honest in the recent period.

At this time, Wu Litian and Xie Gufang had already arrived in a side hall outside. After sitting down in the side hall, Wu Litian had someone bring him spiritual wine. This spiritual wine was a special kind of spiritual wine made from the spirit of their Yasha clan. Made from a special plant seed, it tastes good and is also a favorite drink among the Yakshas.

Wu Litian drank a glass of wine, took a deep breath, and slowly calmed down. Then he glanced at Xie Gufang, who had just put down his glass, and said in a deep voice: "General Xie, we are old acquaintances. We used to There are some unpleasant things, and we can even say that they are enemies, but this time's matter is different from the previous things. In the past, it was an internal matter of our Yaksha clan, but this time, it is a matter related to our entire Yaksha clan. , I know, you may not believe it now. In your opinion, isn't it just that some enemies have come? Why is it related to the life and death of the entire Yasha clan? Even the other emperors think so, and they may even think that , what kind of conspiracy does our Lion Heart Country have? Later, after sending people to look at it and found that there was no conspiracy, they may have other thoughts and have the intention of our Lion Heart Country. Am I right in my guess?" After finishing speaking, After saying this, Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang with shining eyes.

Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian calmly and did not speak, but his expression made Wu Litian understand that he had guessed correctly. Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang, took a long breath and said: "General Xie, whether you believe what I said or not, I have to tell you this to avoid you suffering a loss. You'd better remember it. Otherwise, if you really lose, I'm afraid you will have no way to survive, and even if you don't die in the hands of those from the Blood Killing Sect, your emperor will probably not let you go."

Speaking of this, Wu Litian paused for a moment, and then continued: "This Blood Killing Sect appeared a few months ago. At first, he just attacked our Lion Heart Emperor, a handsome territory. At that time, they took that handsome army He was defeated, but the handsome man ran away. At that time, the Blood Killing Sect's attack power was not very strong, and even the shield on the floating island could not be broken. Then the handsome man joined forces with the king to attack the Blood Killing Sect. , was defeated again, the Blood Killing Sect was expanding, and that king found another king, Lord Panshan, but Lord Panshan was still defeated, and Lord Panshan had no choice but to report this matter to our emperor, and I After the emperor knew about this, he immediately took his people and prepared to destroy the Blood Killing Sect. However, he did not expect that when we first started fighting, we did not even see their main army, but they were A member of the scout race, coupled with some of their long-range attack weapons, suffered heavy losses and had to retreat. Later, we learned from the words of Lord Panshan that although this Blood Killing Sect had just appeared in the Yaksha Realm It didn't take long, but they have made great progress. Not only can they easily break through the shields of our cities, but they also have a weird race. That race actually eats the Yasha teeth of our Yasha clan. After that, they became almost like our Yasha clan, this race blocked our attacks, causing us to suffer heavy losses from the Blood Killing Sect using long-range attack weapons."

Speaking of this, Wu Litian's face showed a look of pain, and it took him a while to calm down. He then said: "The most terrifying thing is that the Blood Killing Sect doesn't know what method they used. They can do it in many places." We made a plan to find us. At least they would be able to find us about two thousand miles away from us and know all our actions. At the same time, they could actually find the Divine Punishment Formation we were carrying, and it could also detonate it. Divine Punishment Formation, do you understand what I mean? While the Divine Punishment Formation is still in our hands, they can detonate the Divine Punishment Formation and let the Divine Punishment Formation blow up ourselves. This is what we The reason for the heavy losses.”

At this point, Wu Litian's face became even more painful, but Xie Gufang was stunned for a moment. He glanced at Wu Litian and said in a deep voice: "Is what you said true? Is it the Divine Punishment Formation we use? This How is it possible? How could they detonate our Divine Punishment Formation in advance?"

Wu Litian shook his head and said in a deep voice: "I don't know, we even put the Divine Punishment Formation into the fat cow's belly, but it still didn't work. The Divine Punishment Formation actually appeared in the fat cow's belly. It exploded and finally killed all the fat cows, causing us heavy losses. So you must pay attention to one thing. When fighting against the Blood Killer Sect, you must not bring the Divine Punishment Formation with you, otherwise you will be seeking your own death. .”