c7261 Reinforcements arrive

The boundless army slowly came from the horizon, just like dark clouds rolling in from the horizon, slowly swallowing up the sky. The Lionheart Emperor stood on the wall of his floating island, looking at the army slowly coming from the horizon, and let out a long breath, but at the same time his face was also very ugly. The arrival of these armies would mean that, Here, he loses his dominant position, so there is nothing he can do to make his face look good.

Prime Minister Fu looked at the army in the distance and said in a deep voice: "Your Majesty, it's time to send someone to greet them. It's best to ask the general who leads the army to go to the island. At the same time, we must also arrange a place for them to garrison. If we can't Let them drive over like this, it will cause chaos." Fu Xiang knew very well that the people he looked at were also from the Yasha clan, and they were here to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, but those people would not necessarily treat them There is no good intention, so they must prepare in advance.

The Lion Heart Emperor nodded, and then said: "Send the order, the whole army is on alert, General Wu, go to meet the other party, ask the other party's leading generals to come to Lion Heart Island, and tell them at the same time, we have divided the garrison for him. Earth, remember, the etiquette is coming, but we cannot weaken the majesty of our Lion-Hearted Kingdom."

Behind the Lion Heart Emperor, a man with a majestic figure, wearing black armor and a huge bear head responded, and then flew directly to the outside of the island. Behind him, there was also a team of a thousand people. , this team is all composed of this kind of Yaksha with a bear head. This is an elite under the Lion Heart Emperor, called the Flying Bear Army. It is very powerful and famous in the entire Yaksha world. .

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at the approaching army in the distance, smiled slightly for a while, and then said in a deep voice: "It looks really majestic, but I don't know that when they faced the Blood Killing Sect, What will it be like?" After saying this, the Lion Heart Emperor turned around and returned to the main hall. Fu Xiang and the others quickly followed, and no one glanced at the reinforcements.

General Wu led the Flying Bear Army and flew in the direction of the reinforcements. The distance between the two sides was actually very far, but there were too many reinforcements coming, so they could be seen from a distance, but General Wu But he is not afraid at all. He is also very loyal to the Lion Heart King. This time he is here to see what these guys have planned. Do they still want to give the Lion Heart Kingdom a blow?

Nearly half an hour later, General Wu and the others had arrived about five miles in front of the army. They could now clearly see the army, and the army also saw them, but the army did not stop and was still moving slowly. They were moving forward, not very fast, but they showed no intention of stopping.

When General Wu saw this situation, he couldn't help but snorted coldly. Then he waved his hand and all the Flying Bear Army stopped. Then General Wu looked at the direction of the army and roared: "The Lion Heart King of the Lion Heart Kingdom is sitting here." Next, the commander of the Flying Bear Army, Wu Litian, has come to meet the friendly forces from all sides under the orders of the Lion-Hearted Emperor. Please come and agree with the leaders. If no one answers within ten breaths, it will be regarded as an invasion of our Lion-Hearted Kingdom. ." After saying that, he raised his hand, and all the yakshas behind him took out their own weapons, long-handled axes. It was obvious at a glance that they were heavy weapons.

As soon as Wu Litian said this, the speed of the army could not help but slow down slightly, but it did not stop and was still moving forward. At this time, Wu Litian continued to speak: "One, two, three, four... "He has already started counting. If the opponent doesn't stop when he counts to ten, he will never be polite and will definitely attack.

As soon as they heard that his count had begun, there was some commotion among the army. They were here to support, not to fight against the Lion-Hearted Emperor. If they hadn't encountered the enemy yet, it wouldn't be too bad for them to fight first. Is it embarrassing? Until then, it makes no sense for them to be there.

Just when Wu Litian counted to eight, a voice came from the army: "Wu Litian, your Lion Heart Country is so overbearing. We are obviously here to support you, but now you are treating us like this. Is it possible?" Aren't you afraid of chilling the hearts of the soldiers?" The voice was calm. Although the words were very rude, there was no hint of anger in his tone, as if he was chatting with a friend.

Wu Litian said in a deep voice: "This time, the enemies our Lion Heart Nation faces are the enemies of the entire Yaksha Realm. It can be said that it is us, the Lion Heart Nation, who have blocked the enemies from invading the Yaksha Realm. You are not here to support us so much. We, the Lion-Hearted Emperor, might as well have arrived late to fight the invaders. Now that the army has arrived, our Emperor personally sent people to greet us, but you are rude and rude to us. I don’t know who will. Whose heart is chilled?"

Although Wu Litian is stout and has a big bear head, he looks stupid, but he is a smart man, so he is really not afraid of bickering. Come to press him, he immediately pressed him back with a big fork.

There was a slight silence among the army, and then the army slowly stopped. Then several figures flew out from the army and came to the front of the army. The leader was a tall but very thin man. , a general with a lion's head, his eyes were cold and ruthless. Although he didn't look as strong as Wu Litian, he was no less powerful than Wu Litian. He glanced at Wu Litian and said in a voice without any emotion. , came out of his mouth: "General Wu, we meet again." Obviously, this person also knew Wu Litian.

Wu Litian glanced at the man, smiled slightly and said: "Who is it? It turns out he is General Xie from the Lone Wolf Army. Is General Xie the leader of the army this time? This really makes Wu very happy. What an accident." Wu Litian looked at General Xie and said angrily.

Wu Litian actually knew General Xie. His name was Xie Gufang. He was a general from the Huwei Kingdom, which was adjacent to the Lion Heart Kingdom. He had always commanded the Lone Wolf Army, an important legion of the Huwei Kingdom. This Lone Wolf Army It is also an elite regiment in the Huwei Kingdom, and its combat effectiveness is very strong. Wu Litian and the Flying Bear Army under his command have also fought with the Lone Wolf Army before. The Lone Wolf Army suffered a small loss, so Wu Litian saw Xie Gufang At the time, he really didn’t mean to be polite at all.

Xie Gufang snorted coldly, glanced at Wu Litian and said, "Wu Litian, what do you mean by this? Do you think that this general cannot command an army?" Xie Gufang had suffered losses at the hands of Wu Litian, so he saw When Wu Litian gets angry, he will naturally not be polite to Wu Litian.

Wu Litian said in a deep voice: "I didn't say that. General Xie, our emperor has already designated a place for the army to be stationed. I think it would be better for General Xie to lead the army to the station. At the same time, our emperor also wants to summon the army. General, I also hope that General Xie won’t miss the time, otherwise if something happens, I’m afraid you won’t be able to bear it, General Xie.”

Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian, snorted coldly and said: "We are here to support the Lion Heart Emperor, so naturally we want to see the Lion Heart Emperor, but I don't know if the Lion Heart Emperor will be like you. So rude, if he is as unreasonable as you, it will really chill the hearts of the army." After saying that, Xie Gufang waved his hand, and the people behind him immediately entered the army, and then the army Start slowly.

Wu Litian also understood what Xie Gufang meant. He immediately sent people to lead the army to their stationed place, but Wu Litian came to Xie Gufang. He looked at Xie Gufang, and Xie Gufang also looked at him. After a while, Wu Litian finally smiled bitterly and said: "Lao Xie, you and I are old acquaintances. There is no need to be like this. Come on, follow me to see His Majesty. This time our enemy is different. Our Lion Heart Country In the hands of the Blood Killing Sect, we suffered a big loss. If we don't handle it well this time, our Yasha clan will really be doomed. I'm not kidding."

Xie Gufang was stunned by Wu Litian. They were rivals in the past. He had never heard Wu Litian talk to him in such a tone. He knew Wu Litian very well. Although Wu Litian was very smart, he also dealt with it very well. He has principles, but to be honest, this guy is also arrogant. He will never speak softly to others, especially people like himself who have suffered losses at his hands, but now he treats himself like this Speaking of which, this is really surprising.

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang's look, smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "When you face the people from the Blood Killing Sect, you will know how powerful those guys are. Not only are those guys powerful, but they are all There are some guys who are not afraid of death and don't care about their lives. None of them are easy to deal with. Lao Xie, if you confront them, you must be careful." After saying this, Wu Litian sighed again, with a sad look on his face.

Xie Gufang couldn't help but feel moved when he looked at Wu Litian. He looked at Wu Litian and said, "Then the people from the Blood Killing Sect are really that powerful?" Xie Gufang has never fought against anyone from the Blood Killing Sect, but he doesn't think that , he has brought so many armies, but he is still no match for the Blood Killing Sect. You must know that the army he brought has tens of billions of people. With so many people, can't they take down the Blood Killing Sect? He really didn't believe it.

Wu Litian shook his head and sighed: "You think things are too simple. The number of troops you brought this time is indeed quite large, but the number of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will only be more than yours, not Fewer than you, and now our Lion Heart Country’s army is almost disabled and will not be of any help to you. Under such circumstances, it is indeed not easy for you to defeat the Blood Killing Sect. Our current thinking is , you first support the Blood Killing Sect for a while, and then His Majesty personally comes forward to meet with the other emperors, asking them to send reinforcements and to completely unite to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise, I'm afraid they will... It’s really difficult to handle.”,

The reason why Wu Litian spoke to Xie Gufang like this was, firstly, to comfort Xie Gufang and remove the grudge between Xie Gufang and them, and secondly, to make Xie Gufang be careful. He did not lie to Xie Gufang and kill the sect with blood. The strength is there, and it is indeed very difficult to deal with. If Xie Gufang and the others are not careful, they will indeed suffer.