c7267 complex

When everyone heard what he said, their eyes lit up, and a general said: "This method is feasible, then do we need to prepare and start to refine more such magic weapons in case of emergencies? We need it, but we don’t know how long the enemy will give us.”

Xie Gufang shook his head and said: "There is not enough time. The enemy will not give us that much time. Now they are less than two thousand miles away from us. We don't have that much time to make magic weapons. We can start from I borrowed some from the Lion Heart Kingdom, but I'm afraid it won't be enough, so if we really face the Blood Killer Sect, we have to find a way to deal with them ourselves." What Xie Gufang said is true, and he also I have thought of ways to deal with it a long time ago, but they are not feasible and there is no other way, so I will tell everyone about this situation.

When everyone heard what Xie Gufang said, their faces were not very good-looking. They saw how violent the Blood Killing Sect's attack was. Although it was only a short fragment, the attack left a deep impression on them. Impression, now that I heard Xie Gufang say, there is no good way, how can they be happy.

A general said: "We can spread out the formation a little more, so that the magic weapon attack of the Blood Killing Sect will not have such a big effect, and I think that as long as we can do it in the shortest time, Within a short period of time, they were strangled together with the people of the Blood Killing Sect. They should not use this kind of attack, right? After all, such an attack is a range attack at first glance. It is impossible to distinguish the enemy. The people of the Blood Killing Sect, If you don’t want to increase your own casualties, you wouldn’t use such methods.”

When Xie Gufang heard what he said, he couldn't help but nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "What you said makes sense. The number of people dispatched by the Blood Killing Sect this time is much lower than us. When the time comes, we will directly If we hang together with them, they will probably stop using such magic weapons to attack, and we can use our numerical advantage to take them down."

Everyone nodded in unison, Xie Gufang thought for a while, and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone go back and get ready. After all, the enemy is too close to us now. We must be ready to fight at any time. I will Invite Wu Litian from the Lion Heart Kingdom and ask him what he has to say about the Blood Killing Sect. Let’s go back first.”

Everyone responded in unison, and then left the hall, and Xie Gufang immediately sent someone to invite Wu Litian. In his opinion, Wu Litian and the others had been fighting against the Blood Killing Sect for so long, and they had to know more about the Blood Killing Sect. There were many more than him, so he wanted to hear Wu Litian's opinion.

When Wu Litian arrived at Xie Gufang's island, he was directly invited to Xie Gufang's study. After the two sat down, Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian and found that Wu Litian had a smile on his face, which made him a little uncomfortable. Explanation, the last time I saw Wu Litian, Wu Litian still had a trace of sadness on his face. He looked like he was worried. How could he be so happy now? This made him very puzzled, so Xie Gufang said: "What is General Wu happy about? Now our confrontation with the Blood Killing Sect has reached a critical moment, and the Blood Killing Sect's army has already arrived. I I really can’t think of anything else that would make General Wu so happy.”

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang, smiled slightly and said: "Our emperor has returned. He has discussed with the other emperors that our army from the Lion Heart Kingdom will withdraw from the Lion Heart Kingdom and temporarily retreat to the Tiger Power Kingdom for rest and recuperation. , our Lion Heart Country has suffered too much loss, and now we finally have a chance to rest and recuperate, I am naturally happy. What did General Xie say about the Blood Killing Sect’s army approaching the border? Can you tell me in detail? "

When Xie Gufang heard what Wu Litian said, he also knew why Wu Litian was happy, but in his opinion, Wu Litian really shouldn't be happy about this kind of thing. They are people from the Lion Heart Country, and now they want to give up their foundation and go to Going to the Huwei Kingdom is called rest at best, but it is tantamount to taking refuge at worst, and even means living under someone else's roof. Therefore, in Xie Gufang's view, Wu Litian was so happy. It makes no sense.

But no matter what, this is the decision of the Lion Heart Kingdom and has nothing to do with him. He glanced at Wu Litian and then said in a deep voice: "The Blood Killing Sect's army started to attack us. Just now, they destroyed Four cities have been lost and are heading towards us, less than two thousand miles away from us. What does General Wu think about this matter?"

Wu Litian thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "The Blood Killing Sect has never been slow in advancing. The distance of two thousand miles is nothing to them. As for the destruction of four cities, it is even less surprising. , I’m afraid it won’t take them long to destroy those four cities, right?”

Xie Gufang nodded and said: "Yes, in one hour, those four cities were wiped out, cleanly and neatly. They also used the magic weapon you mentioned before, and it was overwhelming. To be honest, I really I am very surprised, please tell me what you can do."

Wu Litian's face straightened, and he asked: "How many people from the Blood Killing Sect came this time?" Wu Litian knew very well how strong the Blood Killing Sect was, so he wanted to hear how many people came from the Blood Killing Sect this time. Attack, only then will we know how determined the Blood Killing Sect is to attack. If the Blood Killing Sect really has many people attacking, it will have a great impact on them.

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "The scouts reported that there are about 500 million people. Speaking of which, I was just about to ask you, didn't you say that the Blood Killing Sect's troops are not less than ours? Or even more than us? Why now? Are there only such a few people?" This is where Xie Gufang is a little confused. He really doesn't believe that Wu Litian would lie to him about this matter.

When Wu Litian heard what Xie Gufang said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "You don't think that the Blood Killing Sect only has such a few people, do you? If they really only have such a few people, will we rescue them? Will we say Are they the biggest enemies of our Yasha clan? Are you too naive? This is just the vanguard of the Blood Killing Sect. The large force of the Blood Killing Sect is still behind. It seems that this time they are really going to attack in an all-out way. Yes, you should be careful."

Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian and said in a deep voice: "Tell me carefully. If you don't explain it clearly, we won't be able to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. Please tell me carefully." Xie Gufang really I want to know more about the Blood Killing Sect. After all, they are the ones facing the Blood Killing Sect now.

Wu Litian nodded and said: "No problem, the magic weapon of the Blood Killing Sect attacks very fiercely. We used to rely on the magic weapon in our hands to fight, but there are too many people here this time, and these people are impossible All are thrown into the battlefield. Their magical weapons will definitely attack your rear army. We can send you some magical weapons, but I am afraid that the number will not exempt you from using them. You still have to think about it yourself when the time comes. There’s a way.”

Xie Gufang did not speak, but listened quietly. Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang, and then said: "You also need to pay attention, when they fight with you, they may release a lot of magic weapons. Those magic weapons are all Released by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it is a very strange magical weapon. After it is released, it will attack you directly. But when it attacks you, if you block the magical weapon, it will fly up, and then Then he attacks you, and even if you dodge, he will attack you in turn. That kind of magical weapon does not seem to need to be controlled by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It is very useful on the battlefield of such a large-scale battle."

Having said this, Wu Litian paused for a moment, and then said: "Besides these, we must pay attention to the battle formation of the Blood Killing Sect and their number. Tejia is their alien clan; their alien clan is all Some lunatics who fight without their lives will keep attacking and are not afraid of death. In fact, I have told you all this. When I tell you this, you may not be able to feel it. Only you can truly fight with the Blood Killing Sect. Only when you fight can you feel the horror I am talking about."

Xie Gufang nodded, glanced at Wu Litian, and said in a deep voice: "Thank you, what you said is very effective. When will you leave?" Xie Gufang knew that Wu Litian and the others would definitely leave soon, especially When they knew that the Blood Killing Sect was about to attack, they would definitely leave faster. They probably didn't want to fight the Blood Killing Sect now.

Wu Litian said solemnly: "We will leave tomorrow. Now we are ready, so you can only face the Blood Killing Sect by yourself. We can't help you. I'm sorry." Wu Litian said this As he spoke, there was no trace of smile on his face and he looked a little solemn, and there was a very complicated look in his eyes.

Xie Gufang waved his hand and said: "We are here just to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. There is nothing we can do to apologize for it. You are leaving tomorrow, so go back and make some preparations. Take care of yourself. I hope we can work together again in the future. A day of fighting." Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian with a very complicated look in his eyes. In his opinion, Wu Litian should be a very proud person. He should never shrink back when facing the Blood Killing Sect. Even if he died in battle, he wanted to leave now. This was not his style, so he looked at Wu Litian with very complicated eyes, as if he saw an arrogant person who gave up his pride, which was unbearable. I can't help but feel sad.

Wu Litian stood up, cupped his fist towards Xie Gufang and said: "Thank you, I also hope that we can fight side by side one day. You must be careful. The Blood Killing Sect is definitely difficult to deal with. Don't think that the people in your hands are Even if there are many, the Blood Killing Sect's troops are definitely more than you think. If it doesn't work, you can retreat. Our emperor has given orders to the cities below, and the people in those cities will resist. But after the city is broken, except for a small number of people who stay to break up the rear, the others will leave through the teleportation array to preserve their strength. Also, it is not the time to fight desperately yet, we must not let our family members casually. The masters go out to fight, maybe the Blood Killing Sect is waiting for this.”