c7274 discuss

The battle is over. From the beginning of the Ancient Expedition, they fought against the Yasha clan until the final battle was completely over. It took three days. Three days of almost non-stop fighting, and finally the Yasha clan was left behind. All the people in the end were wiped out. This was a rare battle with such high intensity and long time since the Blood Killing Sect fought with the enemy.

But at this time, Wen Wenhai and the others all gathered in the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect. Even Li Ji arrived. When Wen Wenhai saw that everyone had arrived, he coughed lightly and asked everyone to be quiet. After he stopped, he finally said: "This war is the biggest war since we entered the Yaksha Realm. I wonder if anyone has any thoughts about this war?"

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone was silent for a moment, and then Gu Yuanzheng stood up first. He said solemnly: "Although we won this battle, to be honest, in this battle, I let us completely Now that we understand the fighting power of the Yaksha clan, they cannot be underestimated whether they are fighting alone or fighting in battle formations. We must be careful when we encounter them in the future."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then Baiyan stood up and said: "It can be seen from this battle that the Yasha clan has experienced hundreds of battles. In fact, whether it is in terms of tactics or the quality of single skills, we have fought bloody battles. In fact, the disciples of the sect do not fight against those who are cheap. The reason why we can win is because our magical weapons are powerful enough. The magical weapons I refer to do not only refer to the external incarnations used by the disciples, but also include all aspects, such as radar, For example, our communication array, our sky-wide fire, our Blood Killing Battle Fortress, etc., all these aspects added together are the most realistic combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect."

Everyone nodded unconsciously, and what Bai Yan said was really correct. If they used the same magic weapon as the Yasha clan and the same command system as the Yasha clan, with the same number of people , fighting against the Yaksha Clan, the outcome is hard to say, but because their magical weapons are much better than the Yaksha Clan, the Yaksha Clan lost, but they were defeated.

In other words, they were more advanced than the Yaksha clan, so they won, and the Yaksha clan was behind them, so they lost. This is actually the best summary. This also made everyone in the Blood Killing Sect have to think about this issue carefully. Now, they can defeat the Yasha clan by relying on their own advancement. What if one day, they also meet someone who is more advanced than them? Can others defeat them?

Wen Wenhai nodded solemnly and said: "What Bai Yan said is very reasonable. Because our magic weapon is stronger than the Yasha clan, we won, but this also reminds us that if there is an enemy stronger than us in the future, , then can they deal with us just like we deal with the Yasha clan? This is something we should be vigilant about."

Everyone nodded, and no one spoke. Wen Wenhai continued: "So we can't be proud now, we still have to develop. We shouldn't think that we are already very good now. We must not have such thoughts. If we have such thoughts If you think about it, then we are probably not far from failure, and everyone must keep this in mind.”

Everyone agreed in unison, and then Wen Wenhai said: "This problem cannot be explained clearly this time, nor can it be solved this time. As long as we keep remembering that sentence, it reminds us all the time. That’s enough, let’s talk about the metal wall tactics used in this battle.”

Hearing Wen Wenhai say this, the atmosphere in the hall couldn't help but relax, and then Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Today, I also invited someone, he is the metal wall tactical reformer, the 15th Brigade of our Sword Team. , the commander of Team 17, Zhuo Yingcai, let him tell us about his experience."

Following his voice, a young monk stood up. He saluted everyone with a nervous look on his face. He was not very strong. Although he was a little nervous, it could be seen that , his expression was very calm, leaving a good impression on everyone.

Wen Wenhai looked at Zhuo Yingcai who stood up and said with a smile: "Xiao Zhuo, come and tell us how you came up with this improved metal wall tactic. Don't be nervous. Just say what you think. "After saying that, Wen Wenhai invited Zhuo Yingcai to the front of the hall, but he returned to his seat.

Zhuo Yingcai stood in front of the hall, still a little nervous. He took a deep breath and then relaxed. Then he glanced at everyone, then saluted them and said: "Elders, I will show up then. It’s ugly, actually I didn’t improve the metal wall array, this is just a normal usage of the metal wall array.”

He paused for a moment, then looked at everyone with some embarrassment and said: "We have trained the metal wall tactic in the real illusion before. Everyone is very familiar with this tactic. Those of us in After training in the real fantasy world for a long time, it became a bit boring, so everyone just wanted to play around and came up with such a change. In addition to this change, there are actually several changes." He said As he did so, he took out a jade slip, and then activated the jade slip. A projection immediately appeared in front of everyone. However, this projection was not very big. However, Wen Wenhai hit the ground of the hall with a spell. This The projection was immediately enlarged so that everyone could see the projection.

Zhuo Yingcai was startled, but he recovered immediately. He glanced at everyone, and then said: "The changes I mentioned include scorpion changes, hammer changes, rolling stone changes, etc." As he spoke, he pointed at the projection, and the projection was a metal wall. As he spoke, the metal wall was constantly changing. First, the metal wall was an ordinary metal wall, and then the metal wall looked like The two sides are extended, and finally an encirclement is formed. This is the scorpion-shaped change. As for the hammer-shaped change, it is interesting. Behind the metal wall, there are many more metal blocks, and then these metal blocks , actually flew out from behind the metal wall and smashed towards the enemy, just like a hammer, so it is called the hammer shape transformation, and the rolling stone transformation is even more interesting. The metal wall turned into a shape in the sleeping room. The metal ball rolled over like an enemy. This is the transformation of a rolling stone.

After Zhuo Ying finished speaking, he saluted everyone again and then returned to his seat. Wen Wenhai came to the front of the hall once, and then he smiled at Zhuo Yingcai, and then said: "Not bad, Xiao Zhuo's speech was very good. I still like your way of daring to think and do. Yes, if you have any other ideas next time, you can also conduct experiments or report them directly. I will find someone to cooperate with you to conduct experiments. What are the actual effects of the changes you mentioned later on the battlefield? How about, we don’t know about this yet, we can conduct an experiment in the real illusion, and then take it to the battlefield, do you understand?”

Zhuo Yingcai nodded sheepishly and responded. He knew very well that Wen Wenhai actually meant to criticize him. Although the metal realm this time was only a simple improvement, it had an unexpected effect. Very good, but if other changes are made, they may not really have such a good effect. If they are used directly on the battlefield without actual combat training, it may have the opposite effect. But it's dangerous.

In fact, even if the metal wall is raised this time, there is actually a certain danger. If the enemy attacks the Blood Slaughter Sect disciples behind it from under the metal wall while it is rising, then your If the metal wall is raised, it will be useless.

Although monks' battles are all conducted in the air and are three-dimensional attacks, that is to say, you can attack up, down, left, and right, this kind of battle actually has certain space restrictions. You and the enemy fight. In the frontal battlefield, the area occupied by the upper and lower areas is actually limited. If you spread the battle line too far in the upper and lower spaces, or the distance of your attack is too far, it will give the enemy time to react, and then your plan will fail. Impossible to succeed.

In aerial combat, there will be many changes, but in fact there are not as many as imagined. There are many tactics that must be trained in actual combat before they can be used on the battlefield, otherwise it will be very risky. There is actually a reason why the Blood Killing Sect, which now has such a high-level magic weapon, still likes to use the Rubik's Cube Array the most. This is because the Rubik's Cube Array has been tested in actual combat and is very stable. Only disciples of the sect like to use the Rubik's Cube Formation.

However, Zhuo Yingcai and the others have improved their metal wall tactics, but they have not been tested in actual combat. If they continue to praise them now, these guys may come up with more whimsical methods next time and get them directly without any tests. It would be very dangerous to use it on the battlefield, so Wen Wenhai said this and beat him.

After criticizing Zhuo Yingcai, Wen Wenhai then continued: "We still encourage everyone to think of more solutions. If all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect can come up with good solutions, even if only a thousand people can come up with these good solutions, If one out of ten or one out of ten thousand is proven to work, it will be of great help to our Blood Killing Sect. However, these methods must be proven before they can be used. Do you understand? ?”

Zhuo Yingcai's face straightened, and he immediately saluted Wen Wenhai and said, "Yes, elder, please don't worry, we will be more careful in the future." Zhuo Yingcai also knew that Wen Wenhai was just reminding them, not really. The criticism was just because he was afraid that they would mess up. He still understood this, so he was not angry at all.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then continued: "What we want to talk about now is the changes in this metal wall. Madam Liji, the Rubik's Cube Formation is the most commonly used and basic battle formation of our Blood Killing Sect. This point It won’t change, but now we want to combine the Rubik’s Cube formation with the metal wall tactic, do you know if it’s okay?”