c7275 puppet disciple

Li Ji had not spoken since she arrived at the main hall. Now when she heard Wen Wenhai ask her this question, she seemed to have just come back to her senses. Then she nodded: "Okay, actually I have been thinking about this question just now. , I showed up, this metal wall tactic can indeed be used in conjunction with the Rubik's Cube Formation, and the effect may be better."

At this point, Li Ji also stood up, glanced at everyone, and said with a smile: "Don't think that there is no need for this Rubik's Cube formation just because we came up with it without criticizing it. It's just disrespectful to us. It's not necessary at all. The Rubik's Cube Formation was originally improved from other formations, and you have to keep improving it, because the situation on the battlefield is constantly changing. We The enemy is not always a group of people. When we face different enemies, we have to come up with different methods and make different changes. Only in this way can we pay the minimum price to defeat the enemy, and even It’s to eliminate it.”

There were bursts of applause in the hall. Some people really had this idea before. If you don't use the Rubik's Cube when fighting the enemy, will it be disrespectful to Li Ji and the others? If this causes Li Ji and the others to It would be bad if they were dissatisfied, so everyone was inevitably a little helpless. Now when they heard Li Ji say this, they were completely relieved.

Li Ji also smiled at everyone, then returned to her seat and gave up her position to Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai saluted to Li Ji, then turned to everyone and said: "Everyone has heard what Mrs. Li Ji said, then when we go back, we must think carefully about how to use this metal wall tactic. , I will ask the staff department to come up with a solution, and we will discuss it carefully when we have our next meeting." Everyone responded in unison.

Wen Wenhai then said: "Let's stop talking about this matter first, and let's talk about another matter, which is the matter of the Yaksha Clan's army. This time the Yaksha Clan has dispatched an army of 10 billion, but these armies are absolutely Not all of them, our radar showed it before. When the 10 billion Yaksha army fought with us, a large part of the Yaksha clan retreated directly. The part of the people I want to retreat , must be the people of the Yaksha clan who fought with us before, and there are quite a few of them. They retreated and did not participate, which means that there are still many such people in the Yaksha clan, and they may come at any time. To form the second tens-billion army and the third tens-billion army, we must be careful."

Everyone nodded. When the Lion Heart Emperor and his army retreated, everyone saw it through the radar, so they fully recognized Wen Wenhai's words. Wen Wenhai then said: "And don't forget, although the area of ​​our base is not small now, it does not touch the boundary wall of this layer of interface in all directions. In other words, the enemy may form several groups. The army attacks us from other aspects. If we really do that, then even if we have a lot of troops, we may not be able to defeat all the enemies at once, and we can use the number of people on the frontal battlefield. It will be much less, and these are all things we must take into consideration.”

Everyone's faces were a little solemn. Wen Wenhai's words were very reasonable. If the enemy really attacked them from all sides, then they would really be in trouble. Even if they feigned attacks in other areas, they would also attract part of their combat power. Yes, by then the number of people they can use to fight on the frontal battlefield will be much smaller.

Don’t forget that the Yaksha Clan also has a teleportation array. The existence of the teleportation array actually plays a great role in mobilizing troops. Especially the Yaksha Clan’s backing is the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws, and the Shadow Clan’s The power of law is alive, and he can help the Yasha clan to mobilize large-scale troops. With this in mind, the Blood Killing Sect needs to be even more careful.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "These are the questions now. Let's do this. After everyone goes back, we will all write a report. When we have the next meeting, we will mainly discuss it. Today's meeting will be about raising questions, and The next time we have a meeting, we will mainly discuss how to solve the problem. Everyone has to write. You can also let your disciples or subordinates participate in it, and everyone can think of a solution together. Only in this way can we come up with a good solution. Come, otherwise it will be just us who are thinking of solutions, and in the end everyone may find that the solutions we come up with are all the same, and we need some creative thinking, some innovative thinking."

Everyone responded with a roar, but Li Ji looked at Wen Wenhai and smiled slightly. Wen Wenhai now looks more and more like a commander, which is good. Li Ji has never doubted Wen Wenhai's loyalty. However, she is not worried that Wen Wenhai will sideline Zhao Hai and kill him with blood. No one in the sect can do this. Liji has confidence in Zhao Hai. No matter how good Wen Wenhai is, Zhao Hai will always be the blood killer. The best one in the killing sect.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai returned to his room. As soon as he returned to his room, he couldn't help but sigh. To be honest, he was really under a lot of pressure now. Zhao Hai was now focusing on cultivation. Practice, put all his mind on training, which is a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect, but the daily management of the Blood Killing Sect falls on him. He is really afraid of making mistakes. If something really goes wrong, Then he was very sorry for Zhao Hai, so the pressure on Wen Wenhai now is not ordinary.

In the past, Wen Wenhai saw that Zhao Hai was methodical no matter what he did, and many things were solved in just a few words, so he didn't think anything about it, but when he really stood alone, he really started to control bloodshed. Only then did he realize how difficult it was to achieve Zhao Hai's level of success.

While Wen Wenhai was thinking about these things, someone suddenly knocked on his door. Wen Wenhai was stunned and immediately said in a deep voice: "Come in." Then his door was pushed open, and Chang Jun Walking in from the outside, when he saw Chang Jun, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but said strangely: "What's wrong, Old Chang? Is something wrong?"

Chang Jun said with a smile on his face: "Something happened, something good happened. Didn't I say before that those puppet disciples were in seclusion? Now they have come out of seclusion, they have just come out of seclusion." When Chang Jun said this , with a happy face, such an expression was rare, which made Wen Wenhai a little puzzled. He didn't know why he was so happy when those puppet disciples came out of seclusion.

Wen Wenhai looked at Chang Jun with some confusion and said: "Old Chang, what does the release of those puppet disciples have to do with you? Why are you so happy?" Wen Wenhai really couldn't understand that there were so many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Well, aren't it just a few puppet disciples who have left seclusion? As for being so happy?

Chang Jun smiled and said: "It's different, that's completely different. Now the strength of those puppet disciples has improved too much. They have replaced some of the magic circles in their bodies with spherical magic circles." Yes, the power of that spherical magic circle is very huge, and their current strength is very astonishing."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he also became interested in him. He looked at him and said, "Really? How strong is it? Tell me and listen to it?" Wen Wenhai really became interested, because if strictly speaking, , these puppet disciples are what the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will look like in the future. Of course, he must take good care of them.

Some people may not understand that although the puppet disciples are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, those puppet disciples were just magic circle creatures at the beginning. Later, after they truly opened their spiritual wisdom, they became disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , they are completely different from the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Why does Wen Wenhai think that those puppet disciples are what the Blood Killing Sect disciples will look like in the future? These are completely two different things?

In fact, this is very simple. Don't forget that although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have several lives, these lives are not completely unyielding. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use their first life, which is their own. The main body, and the undead creature is the second life, the life seed is the third life, and the fourth life is the external incarnation. In the final analysis, the external incarnation is almost the same as the puppet disciple, and it is also a magic circle. Life, if a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect uses up all the three lives in front of him, then he will use the fourth life, which is almost the same as those puppet disciples, there is no difference.

If the strength of those puppet disciples increases now, it means that the strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples will also increase in the future. This is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of thinking of this, That's why Wen Wenhai became interested, because he felt that this matter was also very important to the Blood Killing Sect.

Chang Jun looked at his appearance and said with a smile: "Haha, what happened this time is really a coincidence. Those puppet disciples went into retreat just to change the magic circle in their bodies into a spherical magic circle. , in order to improve their strength, but in the process of changing the magic formation, they actually understood the spherical formation, and also rearranged the magic formations in their bodies, so their current strength is very powerful. Yes, not only can they make their bodies grow bigger and smaller, but they can also change their shapes and costumes at will. The most important thing is that the power in their bodies is very strong and powerful."

Wen Wenhai quickly asked: "How do they compare with Lao Ding?" The Lao Ding that Wen Wenhai mentioned is naturally Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming and the others are very strong now. It can be said that the strength of Ding Chunming and the others is definitely Although the top person in the Blood Killing Sect is not as good as Zhao Hai, he is definitely the top person in the second echelon of the Blood Killing Sect. Wen Wenhai takes Ding Chunming and the others as a benchmark. He wants to know what those puppet disciples are. What is the strength of .

Chang Jun smiled and said: "It's almost the same. Although it's not comparable, it's not much different. If they really go against Lao Ding and the others, even if they can't defeat Lao Ding and the others, there's absolutely no problem in escaping. That's fine. It is said that their strength has reached the top of our Blood Killing Sect."