c7278 time speeds up

What the Blood Killing Sect lacks most now is this. They currently lack some top masters, and people like Wen Wenhai or Ding Chunming do not lack life. Their lives are very long, and they can live for thousands of years. I'm afraid there is no problem in Nian. If they are allowed to go to the time acceleration zone to practice for a period of time, so that their strength can be improved at once, but there is not much time outside, then they are absolutely willing.

Zhao Hai also discovered that if he wants to better control and use the boundary core, he needs to communicate with the boundary core more and warm up the boundary core more. At the same time, it has a lot to do with his strength. The stronger his strength, the better the boundary core. The stronger the power that the core can exert, the greater the degree of integration with the world core and his strength. He can only draw an area that accelerates ten times the time in the Xuanwu space. It won’t work anymore. Therefore, Zhao Hai's retreat this time is actually completed.

Moreover, through communication with the world core, Zhao Hai also had a certain understanding of some laws of time and space. It was not until he fully understood how to draw ten times the space area that he came out of seclusion. , because he also knew very well that he could not remain in seclusion forever, and he actually still needed to pay attention to the matter of the Blood Killing Sect.

Laura and the others naturally told Zhao Hai all the things that happened to the Blood Killing Sect in the recent period, including the various difficulties the Blood Killing Sect encountered, how to solve them, and what tactics the Blood Killing Sect will use to deal with Yasha now. The clan, as well as metal wall tactics, trap formations, new types of Skyfire, and even the upgrade of puppet disciples, etc., all were told to Zhao Hai, so that Zhao Hai could understand more clearly that now the blood killing What is the situation with Zong.

After hearing what Laura and the others said, Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded and said: "Yes, it's really very good. I didn't expect that so many things have happened in the Blood Killing Sect in recent times, and Wen Wenhai They handled it so well, even they did so well in the Ancient Expedition. It seems like these guys still need to be released and trained properly. Otherwise, you really don’t know how much potential they have. .”

Laura nodded, and then said: "Brother Hai, how is your retreat this time? What progress have you made?" Laura and the others didn't know the purpose of Zhao Hai's retreat this time. They just thought that Zhao Hai was cultivating. That's why they asked, they just wanted to know if Zhao Hai's current strength has improved.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Very good, this retreat is really good, you don't have to worry about anything. This retreat has made great progress. I will prepare a section in the Xuanwu space in a few days." This area is specially used for the practice of the elders of the sect and some talented disciples. The flow of time there will be ten times that of other places. What do you think?"

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then Laura said to Zhao Hai with some uncertainty: "Brother Hai, you mean, in the Xuanwu space, create a time flow that is ten times faster than other places. A place? Does that mean that if you spend ten days there, you will only spend one day outside?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, that's what it means. If you practice there for ten days, it will only be one day outside. But if you practice inside, it will really be equivalent to ten days. It doesn't mean that , the time you practice inside, when you get outside, is equivalent to you having spent a whole day, it’s not like that.”

Laura said excitedly: "This is already very good. It is impossible that we have spent ten days there, and when we get outside, it is only equivalent to one day. It is impossible to go back in time, but with such a place , it is equivalent to having a training accelerator. If we, the Blood Killing Sect, go there to practice for a few years, wouldn’t it be equivalent to practicing for decades? Then do we, the Blood Killing Sect, need to worry about any masters? ?We will soon be able to train a large number of masters."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. What do you think?" Zhao Hai actually thinks that this method is very feasible, and judging from Laura and the others, they won't object, but he still wants to Listen to Laura and the others. Sometimes women see things from different angles than men. He had better listen to Laura and the others.

Laura said excitedly: "Okay, great. If there really is such a place, that would be great. Brother Hai, where are you going to set aside such an area? How many people can be allowed to practice at one time?" ? There are many masters in our Blood Killing Sect now. Although they are not top masters, their potential is huge. As long as you give them time, they will grow up. And your time acceleration zone is equivalent to What a good thing it is to give them this time. If we can train a large number of masters before leaving here, then we won't have to worry about any forces even when we get to Wanshan Realm."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, it is precisely because of this that I went into seclusion before. In fact, when my strength reaches my level, I don't have to go into seclusion all the time. But this time I gained a lot from seclusion. Come on, go out, let’s call Wen Hai and the others over and tell them about this retreat.”

Laura and the others responded in agreement and followed Zhao Hai out of the space. They arrived in the Xuanwu space. After arriving in the Xuanwu space, Zhao Hai and Laura returned to their own rooms. Their room was different from other people's rooms. Completely different, it can even be said that they are not in the same space at all.

However, they only walked around in their room, and then came directly to the Xuanwu Space. When they arrived at the Xuanwu Space, they did not go directly to Wen Wenhai and the others, but walked around directly in the Xuanwu Space. , and finally found a small island that was not very big. The area of ​​this small island was not very large, but it was not too small either. The environment of the island was good, very quiet, and just suitable for training. Zhao Hai decided to This island is designated as a time acceleration zone. From now on, people from the sect can be sent directly here to practice.

Zhao Hai landed on the small island, and then he opened his mouth, and a round and crystal ball spit out from his mouth. Zhao Hai formed handprints with his hands, and the handprints kept changing. For a while, Zhao Hai Then he stopped, and then he shouted loudly: "Scout!" With this sound, the light on the ball became brighter, and finally the light covered the entire island. After a while, the light stopped. When it got up, the light disappeared, but something like a shield formed on the outside of the island, which looked very strange.

Zhao Hai's face was a little pale. After taking a few breaths, he slowly recovered. Laura and the others had been standing by Zhao Hai's side. They were all a little surprised when they saw Zhao Hai like this. They knew Zhao Hai very well. With Hai's strength, it only took such a short time to make Zhao Hai's face become so ugly. It can be seen that he used too much force, which also made Laura and the others feel the extraordinary power of this method. at.

Zhao Hai glanced at Laura and the others, smiled slightly, then walked to the middle of the island, and then used a magic trick in his hand. In the middle of the island, a stone statue appeared, and this stone statue looked like Zhao Hai. It looked like It looks a bit like the statue that Zhao Hai left at the Tanhai Sect before.

In front of the stone statue, there was an open space with a teleportation array. After completing these, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and the others and said: "Because of the different speed of time, in fact, this island is now separated from the outside world. Rong left, even if you want to leave this island now, it will be very difficult, because it is almost equivalent to breaking a space barrier. Time and space have always been two laws that cannot be separated. Therefore, if you want to enter and leave here, you must borrow this teleportation array. If you want to contact the outside world, you must pass this statue. Only by treating this statue like a god like the Tanhai Sect can they communicate with the outside world. Contact, this is not something I did intentionally, but is restricted by the power of the law, we must do this."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai sighed lightly and said: "This space is created by me using the power of the world core. In this space, I am a god, so I can control the flow rate of this space. The outside world is different. People who enter this space may also be affected by this, but there is no way. This is necessary. Now I almost understand why the great power here in Wanshan Realm has reached the level of strength. After reaching a certain level, you must refine your inner space, because the process of refining your inner space is equivalent to the process of creating a world that treats you as a god. Doing so will not only make you aware of time and If you understand the laws of space better, you will also accept a large number of divine servants. These divine servants are more powerful than slaves. They can not only provide you with the power of faith, but also fight for you when necessary. You go to hell, and the most important thing is that those servants of God are practicing in this space. Every time they practice a trace of spiritual energy, one-tenth of the spiritual energy will enter my body. If it enters If there are enough people in this space, it means there are countless people helping me practice, so those people will refine the inner space."

Laura and the others listened to Zhao Hai's words blankly. It was not until Zhao Hai finished speaking that Laura looked at Zhao Hai in surprise and said: "Brother Hai, is this true? But this is not the first time you have made something like this. "Things, why do you know these things?" Laura knew that the Xuanwu space refined by Zhao Hai before was completely different from this one. That is to say, this place is different from the inner space refined by the great power in Wanshan Realm. The spaces are somewhat similar, but Zhao Hai has never refined such an inner space before. How could he know these things?

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "This is very simple. As long as you really understand this, you will naturally know it. But I can be sure that this place is better than the inner spaces created by those powerful people in Wanshan Realm." It's much stronger, because the inner space created by the great power of Wanshan Realm cannot have a boundary core. They don't have the ability to find the boundary core. They can only use some special materials to refine an inner space. It’s incomparable to the situation here, it’s equivalent to a simplified version of this place.”