c7271 Hedging

Xie Gufang knew very well that if they retreated now, the Blood Killer Sect would definitely pursue them. If they wanted to use reflection to kill the enemy, it would be almost impossible. With an army of tens of billions, it would be impossible. Once they reached that point, once retreat was formed, it would be too difficult to get them to stop, so he knew very well that at this time, he could never retreat, he could only move forward.

When those people heard what Xie Gufang said, their faces changed slightly. However, they turned around and glanced around, and immediately understood what Xie Gufang meant. If so many people really retreat, what are they thinking? It would be difficult for them to stop, let alone turn against the enemy, which would be even more impossible.

Not to mention that they are a tens of billions country, but they are composed of people from several countries united. They are not very united in the first place. If they retreat now, everyone will run away together, thinking of bringing them together. It's difficult, let alone getting everyone to retreat in an orderly manner. If it's not done well, it will become a big rout. If it really collapses, it will be of no benefit to anyone, so they also understand why Xie Gufang No retreat at this time.

At this moment, Wen Wenhai and the others had already arrived on Gu Yuanzheng's radar ship. Wen Wenhai looked at the projection on Gu Yuanzheng's radar ship and said in a deep voice: "The enemy is preparing to see it. It seems that they have to fight. Come on, let’s push them back first, and then we’ll slowly press them forward.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "That's what I mean too, but now we have too few behemoths here and we don't have enough troops, so we are waiting for your arrival. It's good that you are here now. Prepare to attack." Gu Yuanzheng originally wanted to attack, but their troops were too few. Even including those alien yakshas, ​​the number was too small, not to mention that the alien yakshas had already rushed out, so he could only wait for Wen Wenhai They are.

Now that Wen Wenhai and the others are here, they are ready to attack. Naturally, Wen Wenhai would not object, and he immediately ordered: "Send the order, all giant beasts, all move to the front of the army, all energy giant beasts also stop attacking first, Mantianhuo also stops, wait for my order, and then attack together ." Immediately, messengers went to deliver the order. Following Wen Wenhai's order, the entire Blood Killing Sect's army suddenly became quiet. The attacks of the energy beasts and Mantianhuo all stopped. Those who were still charging The alien Yaksha also began to retreat, but their retreat was not smooth. The Yaksha army did not want them to retreat, so they continued to attack them.

Then countless giant beasts appeared at the front of the army and began to line up, preparing to charge. And Xie Gufang also got the information at this time, and he immediately sent out all the fat cows and the free eight-legged cows. He had already seen the impact of the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect before. Well, he really didn't dare to take it lightly. He knew very well that if they couldn't stop the impact of the Blood Killing Sect beast, their losses would be huge.

In a battle like this with tens of billions of people, any conspiracy is useless. Everything is a conspiracy. Everyone starts to prepare, and then attacks. How far the fight can go in the end depends on who can persist the best, Wen Wen Hai understands this truth, and Xie Gufang also understands it, so both sides are arranging their troops and waiting for the attack.

Soon the Blood Killing Sect was ready. As soon as Wen Wenhai saw that it was ready, he immediately said: "Get ready, beat the drum and march!" In the Blood Killing Sect, to direct the battle, just give the order directly. Wen Wenhai can even directly issue orders to every soldier, but in such a large-scale battle, it would be too simple and not conducive to improving morale, so when attacking , sometimes no order is needed, and beating the drum means attacking.

Following Wen Wenhai's order, the huge drum sound spread throughout the battlefield. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard the sound of the drum. This drum was not an ordinary drum. This drum was a magical weapon of the Blood Killing Sect. , is a drum head made of the skin of a high-level demonic beast, and a drum body made of strange wood. It is struck by a powerful soldier with a giant hammer, and the sound is loud, like the roar of a beast.

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect understood what the sound of the drums meant, and even the giant beasts understood it. So when they heard the sound of the drums, the giant beasts all looked up to the sky and let out a long roar, and then rushed towards the enemy. , and the same goes for those energy giant beasts. They rushed over directly like the enemy, and countless sky-filled fires also shot at the enemy.

The people of the Yaksha tribe also heard the movements of the Blood Killer Sect. As soon as they heard the huge drum sound, they knew that the Blood Killer Sect was about to attack. They were also prepared. As soon as they saw the Blood Killer Sect, they The giant beast that killed the sect began to charge, and the fat cow and the eight-legged cow of the Yasha clan also started to charge. Although they were on the defensive now, if the fat cow and the eight-legged cow were allowed to charge, they would not move. Standing there, they were afraid that they would be in danger, so they started to charge directly. Only charge against charge could they block the enemy's attack.

Everyone on both sides knows that a charge like this is just the beginning. The reason why you use giant beasts to hedge is because if you don't use giant beasts to hedge, the other side will use giant beasts to charge at you. Then your formation It's chaos, so we can only use giant beasts to hedge, so that everyone can draw a tie, and then it's a battle between the armies.

In fact, it is almost the same. There are more giant beasts in the Blood Killing Sect than in the Yaksha Clan. Although the giant beasts in the Yaksha Clan were overwhelmed, there were still many giant beasts that rushed into the Yaksha Clan’s army, but the Yaksha Clan’s It was obvious that they had been prepared for a long time. Although those giant beasts rushed into the Yaksha clan's army, they did not cause much confusion and were eventually eliminated. The reason why they did not cause much confusion was because they rushed in. There are too few giant beasts. If all the giant beasts rush into the Yaksha clan's army, the Yaksha clan's army will definitely be in chaos.

At this time, the armies of both sides were slowly approaching, and soon the armies of both sides were getting closer and closer. When the armies of both sides were about two hundred meters apart, they almost coincidentally released magical weapons at the same time. , the countless curved revolving swords here in the Blood Killing Sect are attacking the Yaksha clan's army, like butterflies. Not to be outdone, the Yasha clan also released all kinds of magic weapons, colliding with the whirling sword wings of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, it is obvious that the number of the opponent's magical weapons cannot be as large as the number of the Blood Killing Sect's magical weapons. The Blood Killing Sect's spinning sword wings are also very powerful, while the Yaksha clan's magical weapons are only for auxiliary purposes, and the materials It's not very good. Their magic weapon is made of pure land as the main material, and some fat ox bones are added to it. Naturally, the material of such a magic weapon cannot be too good, and it is not as good as blood. The revolving sword wings used to kill the sect are naturally incomparable.

The attack of the whirling sword wings is also very fierce. In addition, the magic circle added to the whirling sword wings of the Blood Killing Sect is already a spherical magic circle, so it is even more powerful. In this battle, many members of the Yasha clan The magic weapon was destroyed, but there were many revolving sword wings, which directly attacked the Yaksha clan.

The Yaksha clan still holds magical weapons in their hands, and these magical weapons they hold are their natal magical weapons. The materials of these magical weapons are different and very tough. Naturally, they cannot be afraid of suicide. Zong's whirling sword wings were blocked, so they directly used the magic weapons in their hands to block the whirling sword wings.

But one special thing about the Whirlpool Sword Wing is that it will fly back and still attack you. This kind of attack method is unmatched by anyone. So after those Yashage flew the Whirlpool Sword Wing, they found that those sword wings After flying out, it actually flew back and attacked them again, which gave those Yashas a headache.

Xie Gufang, who had been watching this situation, had a very ugly face. Wu Litian had long told him how powerful the Blood Killing Sect's magical weapon was. Although he was interested in it at the time, he didn't pay too much attention to it. Now After the actual fight, he discovered that the Swirling Sword Wings of the Blood Killing Sect race were really powerful. If nothing else, just the fact that he could fly back and hurt people would give people an incomparable headache. .

But there is no good way. You have to block the magic weapon when it comes. As long as you block it, it will pester you like a maggot attached to the bone. The more force you use when blocking, the more powerful it will be. The bigger it is, the stronger it becomes when it flies back to attack you. This is really a headache.

Xie Gufang knew very well that they could not continue like this. If they continued like this, they would be doomed. When he thought of this, Xie Gufang immediately said loudly: "Rush over and fight them in close combat. We can't occupy the magic weapon." Get any advantage." Following his order, the sound of horns came from the Yasha clan again. Following the sound of horns, countless Yashas rushed directly towards the army of the Blood Killing Sect, two hundred meters away. For a monk, the distance is only reached in the blink of an eye.

With the attack of the Yasha clan, the two sides officially strangled together and began a real close combat. However, Xie Gufang soon discovered that even in close combat, they could not gain any advantage. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may be similar to those Yaksha in terms of personal strength, but in terms of cooperation, those Yaksha are not as good as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This is really beyond Xie Gufang's expectation. , in his opinion, the Yasha clan are born warriors, and the Yasha clan has never been truly peaceful in these years. In this case, how could anyone be their opponent?

But today the people of the Blood Killing Sect taught them a lesson, telling them not to think that only you Yasha clan will cooperate. The Blood Killing Sect is not bad at all, and is even stronger than you. Facing such an enemy, Xie Gufang really had a headache and he really didn't know what to do. Xie Gufang is considered a famous general in the Yaksha Realm. Otherwise, he would not be allowed to command the coalition. Although he suffered losses at the hands of Wu Litian, Wu Litian did not really defeat him on the battlefield. , he lost in other aspects, so he has never been convinced by Wu Litian, but now when facing the Blood Killing Sect, he really has a headache.