c7270 The army arrives

Xie Gufang looked at Fang Fang, with a hint of uneasiness on his face. More and more energy beasts were attacking them now. Although they were only more than two hundred miles away from the enemy, the distance of more than two hundred miles seemed to The enemy did this deliberately, because their current speed is no longer than before, but the enemy's speed has also slowed down, which is obviously unreasonable.

They slowed down because the enemy used energy beasts to attack them, and there were more and more energy beasts. They had to slow down, but the enemy slowed down, which made no sense. They were mentioned as the fastest before. At that time, the enemy didn't let them close the distance. How could they let them close the distance now? There's something weird about this.

At this time, a Yaksha walked up behind Xie Gufang and said: "General, the enemy has stopped." This Yaksha was the one who commanded those invisible Yakshas and had been monitoring the movements of the Blood Killing Sect army, so Xie Gufang Know what the Blood Killing Sect army is doing now.

Upon hearing what he said, Xie Gufang couldn't help but be stunned, and then he said: "Stopped? Did you see clearly?" When Xie Gufang heard that the Blood Killing Sect's army had stopped, not only was he not happy, but he was a little uneasy. , he would not naively think that the people of the Blood Killing Sect stopped because they could no longer fly. There must be a reason for them to stop now.

The Yaksha nodded and said: "Yes, they have indeed stopped, and they have already set up their formation. It seems that they are waiting for us there." After saying that, he closed his mouth and stopped talking. He was just a scout. , can't influence Xie Gufang's decision, he can only follow orders.

Xie Gufang thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Go down and closely monitor the movements of the Blood Killing Sect's army." The Yaksha responded, turned and left, and then Xie Gufang continued: "Here comes someone." Following his voice, a messenger immediately came to Xie Gufang's side.

Xie Gufang looked at the messenger and said in a deep voice: "Send the order, the army will get into battle formation and advance slowly. Remember, no one dares to underestimate the enemy and advance rashly. Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude." The messenger responded. After making a sound, he immediately went to deliver the order. The Yaksha army once again slowed down. At the same time, each army also began to form a team. The formation of the entire Yaksha army began to be slowly adjusted. Before, it was a little loose due to the rush. The formation slowly recovered.

Gu Yuanzheng was also looking at the projection at this time. When he saw the actions of the Yasha clan, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "Not bad, this is indeed an easy deal. As soon as we stopped, he already noticed that something was wrong. , made preparations immediately, yes, but they are doomed to fail today, when will Lao Wen and the others arrive?"

A staff officer immediately said: "We will be here in an hour, and at the enemy's speed, it will take a cup of tea earlier than Elder Wen and the others." This staff officer was not the only one who said this. analysis, but the result of analysis by the frontline command and staff team.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "We can still afford to wait for a cup of tea. Even if the enemy attacks, we can withstand it. After passing the order, the magic squares of each army are activated, releasing energy beasts to attack the enemy. Giant beasts Be prepared and be ready to attack the enemy at any time." The staff officer responded and immediately turned around and left.

After the staff officer left, Gu Yuanzheng turned his head and glanced at Shu Li. Shu Li nodded and said: "Don't worry, the alien Yaksha has already attacked. I'm afraid the enemy will be blocked by them before they get close to us. No need to worry." After saying that, Shun Li looked at the projection and pointed towards it.

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Shu Li said, he also nodded. He knew that it would be best for the death squad to use Alien Yaksha, because Alien Yaksha is not afraid of death at all. It can even be said that they are just sending death, because after they die , they will become dead hair and become a clan, and they can practice. This is actually a good thing for the alien clan.

And unlike other undead tribes, once the other undead tribes become undead, they basically return to the Ancient Expedition and the elders of the undead tribe to take care of them. However, the alien tribe is different. Even if they become undead, they will After becoming the undead clan, they are still under the control of the alien clan. This can be regarded as a preferential treatment for them.

Yama Ling said: "Let the giant stone bull alien charge first, and then the alien yaksha will charge. This will be better. Otherwise, it will be difficult for the alien yaksha to charge away from the giant beasts in front of the enemy army." Those giant beasts All are under the command of the King of Hell. The situation of the giant stone bull is similar to the situation of the alien Yaksha, so the King of Hell made such a proposal.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said solemnly: "Let's take action." The King of Hell responded, and then gave the order directly. Commanding those giant beasts is different from commanding an ordinary army, especially those giant stone aliens. They He can only understand some simple commands, so he must be commanded by the King of Hell himself.

There is a communication array on the body of the giant stone bull. The most important thing about this communication array is that it allows Yama Ling to issue orders directly, so this order must be given by Yama Ling himself. Following the command from the leader of Hell, those giant stone aliens immediately began to attack.

As the giant stone bull aliens attacked, the alien Yakshas also followed. They were like huge arrows, shooting straight at the Yaksha army, and the Yaksha army immediately received the blood-killing sect members. However, after hearing about the scale of the Blood Killing Sect's attack, the Yaksha army did not stop, but began to attack directly.

The Yaksha army did not stop. They were still in neat formation and kept moving forward. As they moved forward, they directly collided with the attacking alien army. A loud bang was heard, and the giant stone alien and the fat bull of the Yasha clan collided directly. Because of the protection of the stone armor, it often took several fat bulls to knock the giant alien to a stop. It's really surprising.

But in the end, those stone giant aliens stopped, but at this time, the alien yaksha had already rushed into their formation. Xie Gufang also knew why Wu Litian specifically mentioned this kind of alien yaksha, because these guys They are really too brave. They don't know what fear is at all. They just rush forward with such desperate energy that it makes people feel scared just looking at them.

Xie Gufang looked at the battle in front of him with a livid face. Although the battle area was not very large, it made him feel very angry. He did not expect that the members of the Blood Killing Sect, with their weak military strength, would dare to take the initiative. How could he not be angry when he came to attack them.

Just when he was about to order the entire army to attack, suddenly the scout Yaksha came to Xie Gufang and said to Xie Gufang: "General, the scouts in front reported that behind the Blood Killing Sect army, a large number of Blood Killing Sect suddenly appeared. The Zong army is so numerous that we can’t even count them. Preliminary estimates suggest that they are only a lot more than ours.”

Upon hearing this, Xie Gufang's expression changed drastically, and then he immediately turned to look at the man and said, "Is the news certain? It's not a phantom formation created by the Blood Killing Sect, right?" Xie Gufang knew very well. Wu Litian told him that the Blood Killing Sect's magic array technique was stronger than the Yasha clan's magic circle technique, so it was very possible for the Blood Killing Sect to create an illusion array to confuse them. But in his heart, he almost believed the news.

The scout immediately shook his head and said: "It's not an illusion. We have sacrificed several scouts." After saying this, he stopped speaking. If the other party's phantom array had been used, it would be impossible to kill their scouts. Now Their scouts had been killed, or were killed by the enemy's army, so the enemy's army could never be a phantom formation.

Xie Gufang's face changed wildly, and he immediately said loudly: "Send the order, form a formation, and defend." His order this time was very simple, but he believed that everyone in the army could understand what he meant. The reason why he didn't The reason for saying so many words is that at this time, the simpler the order, the better. The simpler, the faster the army will move. They must form a good alliance before the Blood Killing Sect’s army attacks. Defend the formation to avoid being attacked by the enemy's army.

The messenger immediately went to deliver the order, and the Yaksha clan's army also became thinner in the shortest time. It changed from the skirmish formation during the attack to a defensive formation. The defensive formation he flashed was also very thin. What is particular about it is a wave-like defensive formation. This formation looks very weird. The Yasha clan in front looks like a wave. It is not straight, but a wavy line.

Such a position is also important. If the enemy attacks, such a fighting position will make it easier for the disciples behind to come forward to help. If they retreat, such a fighting position will also make it easier to cover and retreat alternately. Of course, if the enemy is strangled, If they are together, this kind of fighting position can attack the enemy from many aspects, and the defense is very strong.

After giving this order, Xie Gufang stood on the city wall and looked ahead with an extremely ugly face. Soon he saw that in the distance in front of him, a black wave was rolling in, turning all the color of the sky away. Blocked, this black wave is of course the enemy's army. When he saw the number of the enemy's army, Xie Gufang's face became even more ugly.

At this time, other leaders also saw the army of the Blood Killing Sect, and their faces became extremely ugly. Several people even came directly to Xie Gufang's island, directly to the city wall, and came to Xie Gufang's island. One of the people beside Gu Fang said: "General Xie, now the enemy army has arrived, what do you think we should do?"

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "I'm afraid it's too late to retreat now. Don't forget the enemy's long-range attack weapons. The enemy won't let us go. Go back and prepare. We have to fight the enemy. Look. Let’s see what the enemy can do. If it doesn’t work, we will leave a group of people behind and slowly retreat. If we retreat directly now, the enemy will keep chasing us. By then, even if I’m afraid it will be difficult to keep someone as a heir.”