c7277 Exit

"Our idea is actually very simple. It is based on the Rubik's Cube and uses the magic square array method to control the metal wall. However, if we want to control the metal wall, we do not need the magic square array, but need to use another magic square array. A kind of magic circle, that is the magic circle of the mother-child magic weapon." Li Ji looked at everyone and directly expressed her thoughts.

Everyone listened to Li Ji's words with some confusion. They didn't quite understand what he meant. How to control the metal wall using the method of using the son-in-law magic weapon? Some smart people have already thought of what Li Ji wants to say, but they still feel as if they are separated by a layer of veil.

Li Ji looked at everyone and said with a smile: "If the metal wall wants to change and play its maximum role, there must be a unified command. What I mean is that we can use the method of controlling the mother-child magic weapon. To control the metal wall, a Rubik's Cube array, there is only one commander, and this commander's external incarnation must transform into a mother array, and other people's external incarnations must transform into mother arrays. Of course, I said The most important thing is when using the metal wall, and the disciple who transforms into the sub-array does not need to command the metal block. He only needs to provide energy to the metal block. Let the person who transforms into the mother array command the metal wall and the child-mother magic weapon. Everyone should know how to use it, and this method is also stored in our optical brain. We can use this method to command the metal wall. I think in this way, there will be many changes in the metal wall. Of course , and not all methods of using the child-mother instruments are suitable for metal walls, and we still need to make some improvements."

As soon as they heard what Li Ji said, everyone immediately understood what Li Ji said. They all nodded involuntarily. To be honest, they had never thought of this method before. Now when they heard what Li Ji said, they suddenly felt a sense of urgency. I suddenly felt enlightened. It was indeed a good idea to use the method of using the child-mother magic weapon to direct the metal blocks to form a metal wall.

Li Ji looked at everyone and said: "However, there are several difficulties in doing so, which need to be solved by everyone. First, it is the problem of disciples' coordination, especially those disciples who have transformed into sub-formations. They must learn how to not It is necessary to control the metal blocks transformed from the body outside your body. You must know that it is not an easy task to do this. This requires good training. The second is the arrangement of the metal blocks. The metal blocks Everyone knows that commanding a metal block is absolutely different from commanding an ordinary magic weapon, so this also requires training. "

Having said this, Li Ji paused for a moment, then said: "Of course, using the method of mother-child array to control metal blocks to form metal walls is just a change of metal walls. We also thought of several other Methods, such as the magnetic connection method, the metal blocks transformed by each disciple's external incarnation must be transformed into different magnetic forces at different times. Using the method of repelling same sex and attracting opposite sex, those metals can be The blocks are directly glued together, so that the metal wall will be stronger."

Everyone listened to Li Ji's words quietly. The two points raised by Li Ji were things they had never thought of before. They were just thinking about how to use those metal walls to form tactics, but Now when they heard what Li Ji said, they suddenly felt that as long as the metal wall was used properly, there would be too many changes, many more than they imagined, which was definitely a good thing.

Li Ji said several more methods, and then stopped. When she returned to her seat, she was immediately greeted with applause from everyone. Wen Wenhai even smiled and said: "It can be seen that these ladies are very interested in this." We still attach great importance to this matter. Let's do this. Everyone, please give me the methods you have come up with. I will take them to the staff department, summarize them there, and then ask them to design several sets based on our methods. A simple and practical method, what do you think?"

Naturally, everyone would not have any objections and directly handed over all the methods they came up with to Wen Wenhai. Even Li Ji also handed over the methods she came up with to Wen Wenhai. After Wen Wenhai announced the adjournment of the meeting, All these methods were directly sent to the staff department, and the staff were asked to design tactics based on these methods.

Li Ji also seemed very happy after returning to the space. The method they came up with was adopted by everyone. This was definitely a good thing for them. At this moment, Zhao Hai saw Zhao Hai coming from outside. When they walked in, Li Ji and the others were stunned for a moment, but then they came forward with happy faces. Laura even said: "Brother Hai, are you out of seclusion? How do you feel this time?"

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Yes, I have gained a lot from this retreat. How are you? Is there anything you are happy about? I heard your laughter outside the door before." Zhao Hai gained a lot from this retreat. It's really not small. Not only did he turn many of the formation symbols in his body into spherical formations, but he also thought of a way to improve the real illusion.

This time Zhao Hai is in retreat. The most important thing is to think about how to improve the real illusion, so that the people of the Blood Killing Sect can practice in the real illusion, so that they can achieve the goal of practicing in the real illusion. Just like practicing outside, it is best to use the ability to accelerate time. Let the people of the Blood Killing Sect practice for ten hours in the real illusion, but it is equivalent to only one hour in the outside world. This way This can greatly speed up the training speed of Blood Killing Sect disciples.

This is not an easy thing, because this matter includes the two basic laws of the Blood Killing Sect, that is, the law of time and the law of space. Only when these two laws are very clear, can we In a real illusion, use this method.

But after reasoning, Zhao Hai found that this method is actually very difficult to do, because in the real illusion, although everything seems real, in fact everything is not real. It can be said that it is all an illusion, all data, not real. You can practice ordinary martial arts there, but if you practice Zhenqi, it will definitely not work, because if you practice reality too much too fast If you do it, it will have a huge impact on your body, and if you don't do it right, you will go crazy.

It was precisely because he thought of this that Zhao Hai thought that this matter was not feasible, but he also felt that he was actually a little wrong. If he did not put the matter of practicing reality in the real illusion, Woolen cloth? Instead, create a space where time accelerates so that the flow of time there is different from the flow of time in other places. Wouldn't this problem be solved? The time-accelerated space is not a real illusion. It is a real space, but the speed of time there is different. Therefore, if a disciple practices there for ten hours, in the real space, it is only equivalent to one hour that has passed. , wouldn’t this also achieve the same effect?

After having this idea, Zhao Hai suddenly felt enlightened. He thought of many things at once, such as the Exploring Sea Sect, the space where the Blood Killing Sect was originally located, and the space where he is now. The flow rate of time is inherently different, especially the time flow rate between the original space of the Tanhai Sect and the Blood Killing Sect. The difference is even greater. One year with the Tanhai Sect is only equivalent to one day with the Blood Killing Sect. When he was in the Blood Killing Sect, in order to contact the people in the lower world, he spent a lot of effort until he reached the island master level before he could successfully contact the lower world. This is actually a good reference.

Now these spaces have all been integrated to form the current Xuanwu space, and this Xuanwu space also has its own boundary core. This boundary core is a new boundary core produced by the combination of multiple spaces. In the past, Zhao Hai really didn't take this world core too seriously, but after having this idea, Zhao Hai couldn't help but pay attention to this world core. He wanted to see how much this world core could help him.

Zhao Hai soon discovered that this world core is indeed very different, because to put it bluntly, this world core is actually a combination of the two basic laws of time and space. At the same time, it has something to do with the Xuanwu space. Direct connection is the real core of Xuanwu Space.

In the past, Zhao Hai only regarded him as an ordinary core, but after getting to know him deeply this time, he realized that this world core was far from that simple. This world core was now integrated with him, and the world core's The effect is very huge. He can control the Xuanwu space and make different places in the Xuanwu space have different characteristics. For example, he can control the terrain in the Xuanwu space, control the climate in the Xuanwu space, etc. These are just the most common. Simple control, Zhao Hai was able to control the Xuanwu space before because of the existence of this boundary core.

But this world core can also control the Xuanwu space deeply. How to control it deeply? This needs to be controlled through the boundary core. For example, Zhao Hai can mark out a place in the Xuanwu space, so that the time flow rate in that place is different from other places. When people enter that place, every time Ten days have passed, but only one day has just passed outside. This is the ability of the boundary core, and this is the acceleration of time.

Of course, there are some disadvantages to using this method of time acceleration. For example, if ten years have passed in a place where time is accelerated, although only one year has passed outside, you will really age. Ten years, that is to say, the place where time accelerates will affect the monk's life. Every minute and every second you spend there is actually real, but the flow rate of time there is different from that outside. , so when you get outside, you will find that only one year has passed, and when you are inside, ten years have actually passed, but you will really lose ten years of life, not one year of life. It is not an illusion there. , is real, it is a time accelerator, not an illusion.

However, in Zhao Hai's view, this is not actually a problem. For monks, time is actually very long. If you have spent ten years in a place where time accelerates, but your strength has been improved, then you may It will add a hundred or even a thousand years to your life. Then when you go out from there, only one year has passed outside. Then won't you be majestic? And this is what the Blood Killing Sect needs most now.