c7276 constant

Wen Wenhai was surprised when he heard what Chang Jun said. He really didn't expect that the strength of those puppet disciples would be so strong. You must know that the strength of those puppet disciples before was not very strong. After the bloody killing, Zongli was once used as a mobile formation, allowing them to form formations and form small bases. They did not participate in many real battles because their strength was not very strong at the time.

Although their strength later became stronger, they could only reach the level of the formal disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They were far behind the true disciples and core disciples, let alone compared with Ding Chunming and the others. The reason why Wen Wenhai asked how they compared with Ding Chunming was actually just a casual comment. He did not think that those disciples could compare with Ding Chunming. But he didn't expect that what he got in the end would be such an answer.

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai and said with a smile: "Are you very surprised? I am also very surprised, but the strength of those disciples is indeed good. Although they are not as good as you and me, they are better than those core disciples." They are much stronger. They actually created many spherical formations in their bodies, and in each formation, there is a Yin-Yang Thunder Pool. With these Yin-Yang Thunder Pools providing them with energy, their strength is indeed It won’t be bad. In fact, what they are lacking now is their mental power. If their mental power is enough and they can control more magic circles, their strength will increase."

Wen Wenhai said with bright eyes: "Okay, great, I really didn't expect that their strength would be so strong. This is definitely a good thing. What our Blood Killing Sect lacks most is actually high-end combat power. We, the The combat power is definitely not top-notch in Wanshan Realm. I have been worrying about this matter. Now that we have them, we can breathe a sigh of relief."

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai puzzled and said: "What do you think? Why can you breathe a sigh of relief with them? Why didn't I understand? Their combat effectiveness is not as good as ours, how can you regard them as Are you using top combat power? Isn’t this a joke?”

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "I am not joking, but I am very serious. And you are wrong at all. Their strength may not be as good as ours, but their combat effectiveness is definitely not much worse than ours. You Don’t forget, they are puppet disciples. They are not easy to be injured or die. They can become bigger, smaller, and change shapes. If you use these well, their combat power will definitely be extremely powerful. Let me ask you, if you encounter What would you think if you see such an iron pea that cannot be beaten or broken? Do you have the ability to really defeat them? "

When Chang Jun heard what Wen Wenhai said and saw the fighting power of those puppet disciples, he couldn't help but shook his head. What Wen Wenhai said is absolutely correct. The changes in the bodies of these puppet disciples are really a headache. The most important thing is that fighting against them is completely different from fighting against ordinary monks. They are made of metal, but they are completely different from other people. It is very difficult to kill them.

Wen Wenhai then said: "Well, you tell Lao Ding to let these puppet disciples become Lao Ding's sparring partners. Although these puppet disciples are good in strength, they don't have much practical experience. They must be allowed to The potential is transformed into combat effectiveness, do you understand?"

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, this is a good idea. Letting them become Lao Ding's sparring partners can improve their strength. Okay, I will make arrangements right now." After saying this, Chang Jun did not follow. Wen Wenhai was polite and turned around and left. His relationship with Wen Wenhai no longer required such politeness.

Wen Wenhai watched Chang Jun leave, but he let out a sigh of relief, and then a smile appeared on his face. He was really happy. With these puppet disciples, the Blood Killing Sect will have more high-end combat power in the future. , now the high-end combat power of the Blood Killing Sect is their core elders. The strength of other disciples is still a little bit behind, and now those puppet disciples have grown up, which is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. .

Time passed bit by bit, and five days passed in the blink of an eye. During these five days, the Blood Killing Sect did not change much. After the previous battle, the Blood Killing Sect also needed to rest, but although They are resting, but they are still expanding. Anyway, those Yashas have retreated, and they will naturally occupy the large areas of land left behind. Although there are still some Yasha cities on the territory, once the Blood Killing Sect passes, they will naturally occupy them all. After cleaning up, there is no threat to the Blood Killing Sect. Generally speaking, the Blood Killing Sect is advancing slowly and is just taking a rest.

On this day, Wen Wenhai also called everyone to the main hall. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "I told everyone last time that everyone should think of a solution when they go back. Let’s solve the two things we proposed before. The first is the metal wall tactic, and the second is how to face the enemy’s army attacking from all sides. I don’t know how prepared everyone is, so let’s talk about it today.”

Everyone was silent for a while, and then Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said: "I haven't come up with a good way to deal with the metal wall. I think the method we used before is actually very good. What Elder Chang mentioned I think the method of combining the metal walls to form a metal box is pretty good. The second thing I thought about carefully is to deal with the enemy attacking from all sides. I think even if the enemy has too many troops, , it may not necessarily be much more than us. In fact, we don’t need to be too careful. We can defend on three sides and attack on one side. When defending on three sides, leaving 10 billion people on each side should be enough. , use our energy weapons to the highest level, and add the sky full of fire, the defense will definitely not be a problem. We have 30 billion people to attack, which is enough." After speaking, Gu Yuanzheng sat down.

The method he mentioned is actually very simple. It was the method they used when they first attacked the Blood Killing Sect. They defended on three sides and attacked on one side. This is not new, but this method is actually the safest method, so Everyone nodded.

Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "I understand what Lao Gu means. You want to stay the same despite all changes. No matter how you deal with us, we have only one way to deal with them, and that is to ignore them. They defend with all their strength on three sides and attack with all their strength on one side, no matter which side they feign attack on, it’s still the same, is that what you mean?”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, that's what he meant. Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, although this method is a stupid method, it is also the most reliable method. Our Blood Killing Sect does not need to go too far. It is feasible to make rapid progress and focus on stability, Mrs. Li Ji, how many old-fashioned sky-wide fires do we still have in the Blood Killing Sect?"

This is an issue that Wen Wenhai and the others are very concerned about. They all know that the new type of Mantian Fire in the Blood Killing Sect is very powerful, but they have a lot of old-fashioned Mantianhuo in stock and have not used it, so they have not used the new type of Mantianhuo. Tianhuo, of course, this is also because the old-fashioned Mantianhuo can still meet their current use requirements, so they are not in a hurry to use the new Mantianhuo.

But now they really wanted to see how powerful this new type of Sky Fire was, so Wen Wenhai asked directly, because if the new type of Sky Fire was used for defense, then the Blood Killing Sect would It will be easier to defend your territory.

Li Ji said in a deep voice: "There are not many old-fashioned Skyfires left. In fact, there are some old-fashioned Skyfires that can be improved and have been modified. Now there are not many old-fashioned Skyfires. If there is a war, I'm afraid that it will be completely consumed in just a few rounds of launches, and the new Skyfire is now in place, and the reserves are also very sufficient."

Hearing what Li Ji said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but clapped his hands and said: "Okay, that's good. With the new type of Mantianhuo, we will be more confident about defeating the enemy. Then we will make this decision so as not to change the situation." In response to the changes, do you have any new suggestions? If you think there is a suggestion that is better than this one, please speak up and listen to it?"

Everyone shook their heads. The methods they came up with were actually similar. After all, the battle has reached this point, and there really is no conspiracy left. This is a contest between two completely different races. , you can't use countermeasures or other methods. After all, the other party has the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to help, so only this method of adapting to the ever-changing changes is the most suitable for the Blood Killing Sect. of.

Seeing that no one objected, Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "That's it, let's talk about another thing, which is the matter of the metal wall. Everyone, let's talk about this metal wall tactic. How to improve it, how to combine it with the Rubik's Cube Formation, any good methods, please tell me and listen."

As soon as Wen Wenhai said this, many people wanted to speak. Wen Wenhai named them one by one. These people did propose a lot of methods. Some methods were even a little whimsical, but no one did. You mean to blame him, after all, he did find a way, so naturally no one will blame him, at most they will just laugh and let it pass.

Finally, Li Ji stood up, smiled at everyone and said: "Everyone has come up with a lot of methods, so let me also talk about the methods we came up with. The Rubik's Cube Array was created by our sisters, so in After knowing about this metal wall tactic, we also thought of some ways, let's talk about it and let everyone listen to see if the method I mentioned is feasible."

When everyone heard what he said, they all sat up straight and listened quietly to Li Ji's words. They still attached great importance to Li Ji's opinion. They valued it so much not only because of Li Ji's identity, but also because of Li Ji's opinion. Their abilities, the invention of the Rubik's Cube Formation, have already shown Liji's abilities. They can definitely be called masters of tactics. No one dares to ignore their opinions.