c7279 meeting

Wen Wenhai and the others came to the hall excitedly. This time, Zhao Hai summoned them, so Wen Wenhai and the others seemed very excited. They all knew that Zhao Hai was in seclusion, and they had not seen Zhao Hai for a long time. Hai, now Zhao Hai finally came out of seclusion, and summoned them as soon as he came out of seclusion, how could Wen Wenhai and the others be unhappy.

When Wen Wenhai and the others arrived at the main hall, they found that Zhao Hai and Laura were all in the main hall, chatting and laughing. When he saw them coming in, Zhao Hai also turned his head, smiled at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then spoke He said: "Here we come, please sit down." Everyone responded and then took their seats and sat down.

After everyone arrived, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "I already know what you have done in recent times. To be honest, I am really surprised. I didn't expect that you did it." It's so good. It's really very good. Here I want to focus on praising Gu Yuanzheng, Zhang Hongliang, Wen Wenhai, and you all. What you have done is really very good, especially the invention of radar, which is very good. ,well done."

The people whose names were called quickly stood up excitedly and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and asked them to sit down. Then he looked at the crowd and said, "I called everyone here today. In fact, it's not just for this. I commend you for something very important, and I want to tell you that this matter is of great importance to our Blood Killing Sect."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "One of the biggest headaches for our Blood Killing Sect has always been the lack of high-end combat power. I have been worried about this matter, and this time of retreat, also The main reason was to find a way to solve this problem, and finally I came up with a way, which is the time acceleration method."

Wen Wenhai and the others listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly. Even when Zhao Hai talked about the time acceleration method, no one had any strange expressions. They all listened carefully and looked at Zhao Hai carefully. I want to hear what Zhao Hai will say next. They really don’t know what the time acceleration method is.

Zhao Hai looked at them and said with a smile: "I believe in the time acceleration method. Many of you have never heard of it. Let me tell you one thing. Everyone must know it, right? When we are in the Blood Sea Realm, we have to It is very difficult to contact the Sea Exploration Sect. Why? Because the time flow rate is different between the Sea Exploration Sect and the Blood Sea Realm. We spend one day in the Blood Sea Realm, but one day passes with the Sea Exploration Sect. Over the years, the time flow rate of the two interfaces is different, so it is very difficult for us to contact each other. I was also inspired by this situation and came up with this method."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, their eyes couldn't help but light up, but they didn't move, and they all looked at Zhao Hai intently. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly: "You have all guessed it, right? You are thinking about the same thing. The time acceleration method I am talking about is to carve out a place in the Xuanwu space and let the time flow there. , completely different from the outside. Now I can only create an area where time accelerates ten times, that is to say, ten days have passed there and only one day has passed outside. Do you understand now?"

Wen Wenhai and the others had expressions of ecstasy on their faces, and Wen Wenhai even said: "Boss, do you mean that we have practiced there for ten years, but only one year has passed outside? This It’s really great, in this way, the biggest problem of our Blood Killing Sect will be solved.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "That is indeed the case, but there is also a problem here, that is, if you enter the time acceleration area to practice, then your time will really accelerate. In other words, you are inside Ten years of practice, then you have really spent ten years. It does not mean that it is just one year outside, you are just living one year. Do you understand what I mean?" Zhao Hai must make it clear to these people. , because some people may not understand the acceleration of time very well. If you don't tell them, they may have a grudge. After all, for monks, time is very precious.

Wen Wenhai and the others immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and Chang Jun said: "Sect Master, we understand what you mean, but it really doesn't matter. The first disciple of our Blood Killing Sect has several lives. But it’s very long. Even if we spend decades of our lives there, it’s nothing. Not to mention that if our strength is improved there, the lives we gain may be much more than the lives we lose. More, which is also a good thing for us.”

Everyone else also nodded. They all thought this was a good thing. For monks, time is sometimes a double-edged sword. Ten years of practicing in the time acceleration zone really means that ten years have passed. But only one year has passed outside. On the surface, it seems that you have used up nine more years of your life than others. But if you succeed in cultivation and increase your strength inside, your life will increase. If you gain a few hundred years of life in one go, your situation will be completely different. If you come out of the time acceleration zone and live outside, it will be equivalent to gaining a few hundred more lives at once. This is actually It's very cost-effective.

Zhao Hai looked at the people in the Blood Killing Sect and said with a smile: "I know what you guys think, but if you want to enter the time acceleration area to practice, you can't go in all at once. That's unrealistic. You have to do it in batches. Just enter, just in time, we are in this space for a certain period of time. Beyond the Yaksha Realm, there may be other interfaces, which also gives us time to arrange people in batches. Entering the time acceleration area to practice without any problems. During this period of time, there are puppet disciples sitting in the Blood Killing Sect, which is enough. If it doesn't work, I can still take action, so Many of you should practice with peace of mind and improve your strength here. When we enter the Wanshan Realm, then we don’t need to be afraid of anyone. Anyone who wants to kill the sect with us Anyone who is an enemy will be easily dealt with by us."

Everyone responded in unison. Zhao Hai turned to look at everyone, and then said to Ding Chunming: "Chunming, you led the special training disciples and entered the time acceleration area first. You are the first batch." Ding Chunming stood up, responded, and then sat down again.

No one would say anything about Zhao Hai's decision. Ding Chunming and the others are now the strongest group of people in the Blood Killing Sect, so it is very important to let them go to the time acceleration area to practice first. Normally, no one would object. Everyone knew that as long as Ding Chunming and the others could practice successfully, there would be no shortage of masters in the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai turned to everyone and said: "Others don't have to worry, you will all go in to practice, including Lao Wen and you, and in the future we will select some talented disciples and let them go in to practice. , this can also be regarded as a benefit for the sect."

Everyone responded, and everyone looked very excited. Improving their own strength is what they want to do most now, so each of them wants to improve their strength as quickly as possible, and the time acceleration area, It is the best place to improve their strength. Of course, they want to enter earlier. Although they cannot be the first batch to enter, they are very happy to get Zhao Hai's guarantee that they can enter in the future.

Looking at the faces of everyone, Zhao Hai was also very happy, and then said: "You have all done very well recently. I have also seen some of your suggestions. I also think that what you have done is not wrong. So next, we need to Just do what you want, train the disciples, carry out attacks, prepare everything."

Everyone responded in unison, then turned and left. After everyone left, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said: "Laura, please make arrangements so that Ding Chunming and the others can enter the time acceleration as soon as possible. area to practice, remember, Fajing and the others should not let them in first. They are people from Wanshan Realm. It is not easy for them to pass this level. Let them Practicing in the time acceleration zone will not be of any benefit to them in passing the test, so they cannot be in a hurry."

Laura nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Brother Hai, do you really think those puppet disciples are enough to deal with the people here? You must know that there are not only people from the Yaksha tribe here. If we cross the Yaksha world, we will also We will encounter stronger enemies, and by that time, it’s hard to say whether these puppet disciples will be able to handle them.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Don't worry, don't worry about anything. I know the strength of those puppet disciples very well. Their strength is enough. After all, isn't it me? I haven't made a move for a long time." Okay, I've been a little restless and restless lately, if there's someone worthy of me taking action, I won't object and I'll take action."

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Hai, are you really going to take action? I can see that your understanding this time seems to be very remarkable. What? You don't want to sort out what you have learned. Didn't you say that what you have learned this time is related to time and space? Don't you want to sort it out and turn it into a method for yourself? "

This is what Laura and the others are most concerned about. They also know very well that in the entire Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai is the strongest and the foundation of the existence of the entire Blood Killing Sect. If anything happens to Zhao Hai, the Blood Killing Sect will be destroyed. It's over, they're done too. And they are Zhao Hai's wives. They don't want anything to happen to Zhao Hai. Naturally, they hope that Zhao Hai will be stronger as possible. And Zhao Hai also said what happened this time. The laws he understood are related to time and space. This is The two basic laws are also the two most powerful laws in the world. If they master these two basic laws, then Zhao Hai can definitely be said to be invincible in this layer of interface, so they really want to take a look. , can Zhao Hai master these two laws? If he can, then the Blood Killing Sect will not have to worry about anything in the future, and the Blood Killing Sect can continue to exist safely.