c7272 cavalry

Wen Wenhai looked at the Yaksha clan's army, nodded and said: "That's right, these Yaksha clan families are indeed good. They have strong individual combat capabilities, and their formations are also good, and their coordination is also good. Although they are not as good as We are here, but they are pretty good, no wonder they are so difficult to deal with, inform Sun Buyu to prepare for an attack."

Immediately, a staff officer wrote down the order and passed it on to Sun Buyu. Sun Buyu was now commanding the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect. The cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect had already been assembled, but they were divided into three teams. Facing the cavalry of the Yaksha clan's army, they are puppet cavalry specially trained by the Blood Killing Sect. These puppet cavalry are all puppet beasts sitting upright. The impact is very powerful, and the knights are all wearing thick heavy armor. What he held in his hands were all heavy weapons, and their impact was very powerful.

Standing on the left wing are the alien cavalry and the undead cavalry of the Blood Killer Sect. They are very fast, and the weapons in their hands are all long spears and scimitars. Their speed is very fast, and their impact is very strong. However, Strictly speaking, they cannot be regarded as heavy cavalry.

On the right wing, Wen Wenhai deployed orc cavalry. The mounts of the orc cavalry were all monsters. These monsters were all wearing heavy armor, and the cavalry were all wearing heavy armor. The hands of these cavalry were all heavy weapons. , but they are mainly heavy axes, their impact is also very powerful, and they are also heavy cavalry.

Wen Wenhai left these cavalry behind and did not let them attack immediately. He wanted to wait until the two sides were fighting inextricably. Then he let these three groups of cavalry suddenly attack and push away the Yaksha clan's formation in one fell swoop. Then the army covered them up and killed them. , I believe that at that time, the Yaksha clan’s formation would not be able to remain so complete.

But now Wen Wenhai just asked them to prepare and did not let them attack. Although the armies of both sides have been strangled together, it is not the time yet. He is still waiting until both sides are completely strangled together and have their formations ready. When some deformations made it difficult for anyone to retreat, he asked the cavalry to charge.

Everyone on the radar boat understood what Wen Wenhai meant, and no one was in a hurry. However, they all stared at the projection nervously. They believed that they would not lose, but sometimes the fighter opportunities are in your own hands. If you can't grasp one, Okay, let's not talk about letting the enemy turn defeat into victory. Even if we win, we won't be able to do much damage to the enemy, so that would be a loss.

Xie Gufang also looked at the battle ahead with a solemn expression. Now the two sides are strangled together. Judging from the current situation, the Yasha clan is not at a disadvantage, but Xie Gufang also knows that they cannot wait like this forever, otherwise They will definitely suffer a loss, so Xie Gufang is also prepared to give the Blood Killing Sect a harsh blow.

When he thought of this, Xie Gufang said: "Let the eight-legged oxen cavalry on both wings be ready and wait for my order." It turned out that his idea was the same as Wen Wenhai's. He was also preparing to use the cavalry to kill him from both wings. Zong's large formation to attack, and he was also waiting. When the time came, the eight-legged oxen cavalry he placed on both wings would also charge.

Xie Gufang is also a famous general. He naturally knows the importance of fighter planes, so he is not in a hurry. He is also waiting quietly. Sometimes, what a general fights for on the battlefield is patience. Which side's patience is poor, maybe It is the losing side. Of course, this patience is also a human condition. The general is patient because his soldiers are tough and can withstand a long battle. Otherwise, the general's patience is in vain.

Both sides have very complete battle formations that can rotate their disciples. However, in comparison, the Blood Slaughter Sect's magic cube battle formation is more flexible. The Blood Slaughter Sect's disciples may attack or defend, advance or retreat, and change. It is extremely flexible. On several occasions, it can attack the enemy from above and below. After attacking, it can retreat calmly.

Xie Gufang gritted his teeth and looked at the battle situation. The two sides had been strangled together for an hour. This time was not short, at least in his opinion, it was not short. He felt that it was time to take action, so He immediately said loudly: "Cavalry on both wings, attack." Immediately, messengers went to deliver the order, and then the sound of horns came from the Yaksha army. From the two wings, there were sudden bursts of shouts of killing, and at the same time there was a thunderous rumble.

That was the sound left by the eight-legged cow when it was running in the air. Normal monsters would make no sound when they were running in the air, but the eight-legged cow was different. When they were running in the air, they would still make a sound. There was a roaring sound, and the sound was very loud. This sound really felt like it had the upper hand.

But Wen Wenhai and the others were all staring at the projection blankly. After a while, Gu Yuanzheng laughed loudly and said: "Hahaha, I didn't expect that the guy on the other side is also a wonderful person. They actually made the first move, haha." Haha, Old Wen Na, it seems that you have really thought of not getting along." Upon hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, everyone couldn't help laughing, even Wen Wenhai also laughed.

After a while, Wen Wenhai finally said: "Yeah, I really didn't expect that the guy opposite would be able to do something like this, but don't worry, just let them come. When their cavalry retreats, it will be ours." When the cavalry attacked, I ordered the two wings to be defended and formed a medium-sized magic weapon array."

The messenger immediately went to deliver the order, but the people in the hall were not nervous at all. They knew very well that the Blood Killer Sect's use of cavalry to attack the enemy might have a very good effect, but if the enemy used cavalry to deal with it, However, they will not have any good results, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all have external incarnations, and their external incarnations can become larger or smaller. This is something that other forces do not have. .

The medium-sized magical weapon formation that Wen Wenhai mentioned was developed by the Blood Killing Sect. It is a method specifically designed for cavalry charges. They are just afraid that one day they will encounter the enemy's cavalry. If they also encounter the enemy's cavalry, , so how should they respond? How to deal with it in order to inflict maximum damage on the enemy with minimum casualties? It is precisely because of this idea that they came up with this medium-sized magic weapon array.

This kind of medium magic weapon formation is very simple to say. It means that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect incarnate their bodies into medium magic weapons, and then form a large formation, because the magic weapon is large and there is a yin and yang thunder pool. As a driving force, even if they stop there and let the enemy attack, it will be difficult for the enemy to attack their defense line. Their medium-sized magic weapons are not boat-shaped or car-shaped, but square iron blocks. These The iron blocks are connected together like metal walls. Facing such metal growth, even the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect will have a headache, let alone other people.

Following Wen Wenhai's order, two such metal walls also appeared on the two wings of the Blood Killing Sect. When the cavalry of the Yasha clan rushed to the two wings of the Blood Killing Sect, they were instantly stunned, with both sides high. A tall metal wall stood in front of them. Looking at the metal wall made of pieces of metal, they really didn't know what to do?

Finally, the people of the Yasha clan gritted their teeth and immediately mobilized the eight-legged bull to rush towards the metal wall. They wanted to see whether the metal wall was a real metal wall or just a fake one, just to scare them. So they rode the eight-legged bull and rushed towards the metal wall. It looked like they were going to hit the wall. In fact, they really thought so.

With a loud banging sound, the eight-legged bull knights of the Yasha clan were sure that the metal wall was a real metal wall, and it had more than one layer. They could clearly see that they were hitting the metal wall. When I was there, the metal wall didn't even move. This was really scary.

In the end, the Yaksha clan's cavalry had no choice but to retreat. As soon as Wen Wenhai saw the Yaksha clan's cavalry retreating, he immediately shouted loudly: "Cavalry attack." The staff officer immediately gave his order, and with that After his order, some of the disciples on the metal walls on both sides of the Blood Killing Sect, and even on the battlefield in front of the Blood Killing Sect, suddenly retreated, and then countless cavalry rushed out from these three directions, heading straight towards the Yasha clan. The army rushed over.

The reason why the people of the Blood Killing Sect put the puppet cavalry in the middle and let them attack the frontal army of the Yaksha clan is because these puppet cavalry, their puppets are very tall, each puppet is about ten meters in height, completely Just metal monsters.

Seeing those metal monsters rushing toward them, the Yakshas were stunned for a moment, and then their eyes showed a trace of fear. They have not been activated by anyone yet, and they are not crazy yet, so they still know how to be afraid. , and precisely because of this, they were a little scared when they saw these puppet cavalry rushing over.

The alien cavalry and undead cavalry that rushed out from the left wing of the Blood Killing Sect were very fast, and they made no sound when they rushed forward. They almost rushed out of the Blood Killing Sect's formation. When they came out, they immediately increased their speed to the fastest. Before the Yaksha army could fully react, they were already in front of the Yaksha army. The Yaksha army was taken aback. When they wanted to meet the enemy, they It has already rushed into the army of the Yaksha clan.

As for the orcs riding behind the right wing, the monsters they sat on were not as tall as the puppet cavalry, nor as fast as the alien and undead cavalry, but the riding skills of these orcs were the best. They formed a neat formation. shape, and the monster they sat down on was also extremely powerful, not very high but powerful. In addition, it was wearing heavy armor, and the Yaksha clan's attacks were insignificant whether it was against humans or beasts. As a result, the orc cavalry rushed into the Yaksha clan's formation very smoothly.

Like three sharp knives, these three groups of cavalry rushed directly into the Yaksha Clan's formation. The Yaksha Clan could not stop the charge of these three groups of cavalry. In the blink of an eye, the Yaksha Clan's formation had already appeared. There was chaos, and this chaos was still spreading among the Yaksha army...