c7273 Vomiting blood

Xie Gufang felt as if his head had been hit hard with a sledgehammer. Stars were flashing in his eyes, and he almost fainted, but he knew very well that he must not faint. , if he really faints, then the 10 billion army of the Yasha clan will be finished.

Xie Gufang shook his head and forced himself to come to his senses. Then he took a look at the battlefield and found that the three groups of cavalry from the Blood Killing Sect were in large numbers, and now they had already charged into power. It was not easy to stop them. Now Their formation was in chaos, and the Blood Killing Sect's army also took the opportunity to attack them. If they didn't make a decision, they would really be doomed. When he thought of this, Xie Gufang immediately said in a deep voice: "Send the order, after leaving one billion people behind, we must block the attack of the Blood Killing Sect's cavalry and army, and the others must retreat."

When Xie Gufang's voice came out, he felt that the voice did not seem to be his own, because the voice seemed extremely hoarse, as if it were a person whose throat had been completely broken after several days of screaming. , the sound he made was startled when he heard it, let alone others.

But the people of the Yaksha clan also knew very well that time is life now, so they immediately passed on the order. As the order was issued, the people on the front line of the Yaksha clan also changed their appearance. As if they were crazy, regardless of casualties, they fought against the Blood Killer Sect's people. At the same time, the Blood Killer Sect's cavalry also encountered unprecedented resistance. The Yashas charged towards them one by one as if they were desperate, trying to block them. Their charge speed.

Wen Wenhai had been paying attention to this situation. As soon as he saw this situation, he immediately said: "The people of the Yasha clan want to run away. Let the cavalry withdraw. They cannot break through these desperate Yashas, ​​and the Yashas The clan will probably not get entangled with us after they retreat. If they really dare to do that, next time I will directly let the Blood Kill Battle Fort charge. I really want to see if they can still survive. I can withstand it." The staff officer responded immediately and gave the order directly.

Following the orders of the staff, the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect began to retreat, but the way they retreated was rather strange. The entire cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect sank down. They did not turn their heads and retreat, but faced directly towards the ground. Up and down, this made the Yakshas fighting with them all stunned. They didn't know whether they were chasing or not.

At this time, the other Yashas had already begun to retreat. Those Yashas who had been cursed by the Broken Queen began to charge in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect, especially the two wings, which were used to deal with the cavalry. , they were even more so, and they charged desperately towards the two wings of the Blood Killing Sect.

But when they rushed to the two wings of the Blood Killing Sect, they encountered the same situation as the cavalry. What they faced was not the Blood Killing Sect's disciples, but the Blood Killing Sect's medium-sized magic weapon array. They really don't know what to do with such a metal wall. Although they can rush towards the wall, if they rush upward, the wall will move upward and keep blocking them, and there are still The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect used magic weapons to attack the yakshas non-stop, which almost made the yakshas almost vomit blood in anger.

The Yaksha clan has never encountered such a shameless enemy. They actually built a movable wall, and then their people stood on the wall to attack them. You can't attack the wall, but the people on the wall can't. Attacking you, this situation made the people of the Yasha clan so depressed that they almost vomited blood.

But at this time, Xie Gufang really vomited blood. After he gave the order to retreat, he spit out a mouthful of black blood. However, after spitting out the black blood, it turned into black smoke and disappeared. Several confidants around Xie Gufang immediately gathered around and looked at him with worried faces.

Xie Gufang waved his hand and said in a hoarse voice: "I'm fine, retreat." Those people responded and immediately went to give the order. Following Xie Gufang's order, except for the Yaksha who were still fighting , the other yakshas began to retreat slowly. Although their formation was still a bit chaotic, they retreated in no hurry, because they believed that the yakshas who were behind would buy them enough time.

While retreating, they formed a team. Finally, after leaving the battlefield, the Yasha clan also completed the team. Speaking of it, the Yasha clan is really all warriors who have experienced hundreds of battles. Under such circumstances, they can still complete the team as a team. This is Even Wen Wenhai and the others had to admire each other.

Seeing the opponent retreating, Wen Wenhai did not order a pursuit. He just let the blood kill the battle fort and bid farewell with a sky full of fire. Of course, this kind of farewell ceremony was not liked by the Yasha clan, but Wen Wenhai and the others liked it. At the same time, Wen Wenhai also issued an order to kill these Duanhou Yaksha.

After these orders were issued, Wen Wenhai and the others all breathed a sigh of relief. They knew very well that there was absolutely no way for the remaining nearly one billion Yashas to survive, and Wen Wenhai would not let them escape alive. The commanders of each team of the Blood Killing Sect are all experienced in many battles. They naturally know how to deal with these yashas. They don't need to worry too much. But now Wen Wenhai thought of another thing.

Wen Wenhai glanced at the projection, then turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Lao Gu, you also saw the metal wall that the two wings made before, right? Do you have any ideas?" Wen Wenhai had noticed the two wings of the Blood Killing Sect before. He thought this method was very good, so he asked Gu Yuanzheng about it.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "I see it. To be honest, this metal wall tactic was originally used to deal with cavalry. Because the cavalry is faster and has a stronger impact, this metal wall tactic is used , it can indeed play a certain restraint role, but the latter method, in which the metal wall slowly rises as the cavalry flies high, was something that was not available when this tactic was first practiced. They just figured it out."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Sure enough, if you want to see if any tactic works, you must try it on the battlefield. No, it doesn't seem like the metal wall tactic is too eye-catching on the battlefield. It's great to have such a change, really, it can almost change the way we attack."

Of course everyone understood what Wen Wenhai meant, and they all nodded. This change would indeed change the way they fight the enemy. The bloody Rubik's Cube Formation is very powerful, but when dealing with the enemy, the casualties will not be too small. But what if they were using this metal wall strategy? When they faced the enemy, the front and left and right sides were all covered with metal walls. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attacked the enemy on top of the metal walls, their casualties would be much smaller.

Chang Jun said: "This method is indeed very good. We can try it out. And I think this tactic is actually more flexible. The metal wall was made by our disciples using their external avatars. They can use it at any time. It can be taken back, and the disciples behind will still form a Rubik's Cube formation, so that the metal wall will not block their attack path, and no matter it is above or below, they can also create metal walls, and even when necessary, someone can The metal wall that is there can disappear directly, attack the enemy directly, and then form again. If this tactic is really used with ease, then we will be more relaxed when facing the enemy."

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded, but Wen Wenhai also said: "But this also requires a long period of training, otherwise it will be absolutely impossible. Let's go back and discuss it carefully, and then try it out. , to see if this method is feasible, it is best to listen to the opinions of some ladies. I heard from the boss that this kind of Rubik's Cube battle formation is a battle formation that a few ladies came up with. To be honest, so far, So far, I have not seen a better battle formation than this, and if our metal wall tactics can be combined with the Rubik's Cube battle formation, it would be great."

Everyone nodded, they were very satisfied with the Rubik's Cube Battle Formation, but to be honest, the power of the Rubik's Cube Battle Formation has almost been exerted to its limit. If the Rubik's Cube Battle Formation can be equipped with metal wall tactics, then I believe that The Rubik's Cube Battle Formation will definitely have more changes and will be more powerful.

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at the projection and said in a deep voice: "I'm afraid the current battle will have to wait for a while to be over, but we still have to be careful to prevent the Yaksha clan from counterattacking. You must know that their main force has withdrawn. , if they really counterattack, it will be very dangerous. When the fighting here completely stops, it will not be too late for us to have a good discussion, but I think we can send people to the ground to clean up the battlefield now. Just take away all the things that can be used."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "I'll leave this to you. Let's go back first. When the war here is completed, you will return to the space. We will have a chat for a while. I will go see how the situation is at the base. That's it." After saying that, Wen Wenhai led everyone to leave, and the power of frontline command was handed over to Gu Yuanzheng.

Gu Yuanzheng didn't say anything. He also knew that those Yakshas couldn't run away at all now, so there was no need to worry, just take it slow. So he really wasn't in a hurry at all and commanded the army to encircle and suppress those Yakshas. , and at the same time, they are also preparing for the counterattack of the main force of the Yasha clan.

At this time, Xie Gufang was standing on the city wall, listening to the report of his scouts, and heard the scout say: "General, although the enemy is besieging those we left behind, there are also a large number of people who have been They are in a defensive posture, the formation is very neat, without any disorder, and they seem to be preparing for our counterattack."

When Xie Gufang heard what he said, he couldn't help but open his mouth and spit out another mouthful of blood. Then he waved his hand and said: "Go down, someone comes, give the order, the whole army retreats five thousand miles at full speed, no stop in the middle, go." The ordering soldier responded and went down to deliver the order, but Xie Gufang stared at the direction where the blood was flowing, with a look of unwillingness in his eyes.