c7280 biggest advantage

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he knew what he meant. He smiled and said: "It's okay. In fact, those two laws are not so easy to understand. It's good that I can understand some now. If If you deliberately think about this matter, you won’t have any understanding, so let’s go back and take a rest.”

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they didn't say anything. They all knew very well that in terms of practice, they were far behind Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai said that there was no need to retreat to practice. After understanding the two major rules, it was useless, and they didn't need to worry too much, so they all agreed and followed Zhao Hai back to their room.

It was also on this day that Ding Chunming led the specially trained disciples to the small island. The environment on the island was very good, but there was nothing on the island. However, Ding Chunming and the others did not take it to heart. These people mainly focus on training. If we really count them, they can be regarded as the ancient monks of the Blood Killing Sect, so they do not have very high requirements for the living environment.

And this time before they entered the island, Laura and the others had made arrangements for them. They brought a lot of food and supplies for them, which was enough for them to use for several years, so they only needed to find a place to rest. Just a place, nothing else is needed.

After Wen Wenhai and the others returned, they began to organize disciples for training, mainly to train those disciples on how to use the metal wall tactic. This tactic really brought about a lot of changes in the Blood Killing Sect's tactics, so They must be trained well.

At this time, in the main hall on Xie Gufang Island of the Yaksha Army, all the leading generals of the Yaksha Army were sitting. However, Xie Gufang was sitting on the main seat with a pale face at this time. No, it looks like a person who has been ill for a long time and whose life is not long.

In fact, the reason why he became like this is because he vomited blood before. Everyone else also knew this. While everyone sympathized with Xie Gufang, they also felt a little bit sad. In fact, they were here to deal with the blood. Before the killing sect, they never thought that things would turn out like this this time. In their opinion, as soon as their army arrived, the blood killing sect would be wiped out immediately, but the final result was that they Unexpectedly, they never expected that the final result would be their defeat. If Xie Gufang had not given the decisive order, their losses would have been even heavier.

There were 10 billion people when they came, and now, although they still have more than 8 billion people, their morale is low. It is much worse than before. Under this situation, they are even more desperate. They may be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect, and if they really fail, then they may not be able to get any good results when they return to their countries.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Since the battle with the Blood Killing Sect, we have held several meetings these days, just to find a way to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, but we haven't found one yet. Come out, to be honest, I am actually very disappointed with this matter, but this failure cannot be blamed on everyone. To put it bluntly, there is nothing wrong with my command, it’s just We miscalculated the power of the Blood Killing Sect, which is why we failed. I think everyone has to admit this, right?"

No one spoke, but everyone nodded. In fact, they had been reflecting on the previous few meetings, but in the end everyone came to the conclusion that their failure this time had nothing to do with anyone, and their command had nothing to do with it. No matter the problem, even when the battle was the fiercest and most cruel, no one retreated, no one passively avoided the battle, and no one fled. Xie Gufang did not make any mistakes in command. The reason why they failed was entirely There was a gap in strength. The Blood Killing Sect was stronger than them, so they failed.

Xie Gufang looked at them and said in a deep voice: "I know that many people are thinking about retreating now, but I think that we must not retreat. You may wonder why we haven't retreated since this is the case. There is a reason why I say this. If we retreat now, the Blood Killer Sect will definitely pursue us behind us. A direct sweep will bring the flames of war to all our countries. This is one, and the other is, if we retreat now If we retreat, then we have failed to retreat. We will be punished after we go back, so we cannot retreat. What we have to do now is to ask other countries to send some reinforcements and at the same time kill the Blood Killing Sect. We must make it clear to everyone about our strength, and we must allow all countries to send reinforcements as soon as possible, otherwise it will really be over."

Everyone was lost in thought. Many of them really wanted to retreat immediately. They had been frightened by the Blood Killing Sect. Even 10 billion people were no match for the Blood Killing Sect. Now these people , it is even more impossible to be the opponent of the Blood Killing Sect. They are really afraid that the Blood Killing Sect will attack them with all their strength. By that time, it will not be easy for them to escape.

It was precisely because of this idea that they wanted to retreat immediately. But now when they heard what Xie Gufang said, they were all stunned. They suddenly thought that Xie Gufang was right, very right. If they really retreat, it will be equivalent to admitting complete failure, and they will be punished after returning. As for what Xie Gufang said, the Blood Killing Sect will take the opportunity to invade other countries, they are not very serious about it. worry, because adjacent to the Lion Heart Kingdom is the Huwei Kingdom, and Xie Gufang is from the Huwei Kingdom, he must think about the Huwei Kingdom, but other people do not have such thoughts, so no one cares about this.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone, and then said: "We stay here to block the attack of the Blood Killing Sect. Even if reinforcements are sent from various countries, they must listen to our opinions and will not punish us immediately. As long as They have seen the power of the Blood Killing Sect, and I believe they will not think about punishing us."

Everyone nodded. They were finally persuaded by Xie Gufang. No one likes to be punished, and they are the same. So when they heard what Xie Gufang said, they naturally gave up the idea of ​​retreating to other countries, but What they have a headache now is how to block the Blood Killing Sect's attack.

One of the generals said: "General Xie, you are right, we cannot retreat now. If we retreat, we will give this place to the Blood Killing Sect for nothing, but you have also seen the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, it’s really strong. We’re worried about our opponents. If we keep blocking here, our people will eventually be wiped out.”

Everyone else also nodded. This was the same thing that they were in trouble with before. If they had really been here to block the Blood Killing Sect's attack, based on their strength compared with the Blood Killing Sect, sooner or later they would have They fought hard, which was also an important reason why they wanted to retreat before and did not want to fight the Blood Killing Sect.

Xie Gufang nodded and said: "I know what everyone is thinking. A few times ago, we also summarized the reasons why the Blood Killing Sect defeated us. First, they had more troops and stronger strength than us; second, their The magical weapons are better than ours, and thirdly, their battle formations are more flexible than ours. We have talked about all of these. If we want to block the Blood Killing Sect's attack, we must think of a way to put these together. Factors that are good for us become factors that are good for us.”

Upon hearing what Xie Gufang said, everyone couldn't help but be stunned. They didn't quite understand what he meant. How could they block the bloody attack when they were disadvantaged in all aspects? How can the conditions that are not conducive to them be turned into conditions that are beneficial to them? This made them all very puzzled.

Xie Gufang looked at the crowd and said: "The Blood Killing Sect has more people than us, so we will let more people join us and deal with the Blood Killing Sect with us, and these people are the ordinary yakshas in the city below. , there are a lot of them. As long as we can gather them together, our number will soon increase, and it will be very large. This will be enough to block the attack of the Blood Killing Sect. The second is the magic weapon. The thing is, we are not as good as the Blood Killing Sect in terms of magic weapons, but if we include all the bed slaves in the city below, then we have a lot of magic weapons. Even if we are not as good as the Blood Killing Sect, we still have a lot of magic weapons. It won’t be too different. The third issue is the battle formation. We can completely cancel out the Blood Killing Sect’s battle formation, making their battle formation impossible to use at all. We can even make our battle formation even more powerful. With our flexibility, in this case, we might really be able to block the Blood Killing Sect’s attack.”

After hearing what Xie Gufang said, everyone was even more puzzled. They really didn't understand where Xie Gufang got his confidence. What made him so confident that he could easily use several superior techniques of the Blood Killing Sect? To offset it? Especially the first one, he actually wanted to let those ordinary yakshas join them. Those yakshas can't fly. In this case, how can they let those ordinary yakshas help them deal with the Blood Killing Sect? Woolen cloth? There are also those bed slaves. Although there are many bed slaves, how can those bed slaves pose any threat to the Blood Killing Sect? Isn't this a joke?

Xie Gufang looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "I know what everyone is worried about. It is nothing more than worry. We have no way to do this. In fact, everyone has nothing to worry about. If I dare to raise these, I can come up with a solution. , everyone may not have noticed one thing, that is, these superior styles of the Blood Killing Sect are all based on one thing, and that is flying. These advantages of the Blood Killing Sect are actually directly related to being able to fly. , what if we can’t fly? What if we can only fight on the ground? Are these advantages of the Blood Killing Sect still advantages?”

When everyone heard what Xie Gufang said, they were all stunned, and then their eyes suddenly lit up, because they discovered that what Xie Gufang said seemed to be very reasonable. All the advantages of the Blood Killing Sect were based on On the basis of flying, if they can't fly, then most of their advantages will disappear.