c7286 determination

Xie Gufang did not turn around to look at Wu Litian, but said in a deep voice: "This is a matter related to the life and death of our Yasha clan. I have to be nervous. This time I must teach the Blood Killing Sect a lesson. Let the Blood Killing Sect People know that our Yasha clan is not that easy to deal with. This time I am going to take action myself. I really want to see what masters there are in the Blood Killing Sect now. Old Wu, if I die, you must take command. Army, drag the Blood Killing Sect here as much as possible until the defense line behind us is ready." Xie Gufang's voice has always been very calm, but in that calmness, there is incomparable determination, and his words , but Wu Litian was stunned for a moment.

The two of them cannot be regarded as friends. They were enemies in the past. The reason why Wu Litian eased the relationship with Xie Gufang before was also for the Lion Heart Emperor's plan. Therefore, it is really difficult to say how good his relationship with Xie Gufang is. He even never thought about becoming friends with Xie Gufang.

But now what Xie Gufang said made Wu Litian stunned, because he could hear the determination to die from Xie Gufang's words. Xie Gufang had already thought about it. Even if he died, he would still die. Let the people of the Blood Killing Sect know how powerful the Yasha clan is. Facing such a person, Wu Litian suddenly felt that he had been so despicable and unbearable before.

Wu Litian suddenly wanted to become a true friend of Xie Gufang, and as a friend, he really didn't want Xie Gufang to die like this, so he said: "Lao Xie, stop joking, our war with the Blood Killing Sect , the victory or defeat cannot be determined by one or two games. We must be prepared for a long battle. How can you think of fighting the Blood Killing Sect now? If you die, what will happen to our Yasha clan? It's a big loss." Wu Litian is very clear about Xie Gufang's commanding ability. He is very clear that Xie Gufang's value is definitely not only reflected in his strength, but his commanding ability is his most valuable place, so he didn’t want Xie Gufang to die.

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "It's useless. The battle this time is no better than before. In the past, when we fought with each other, we could use various tactics to deal with each other, but when facing the Blood Killing Sect, what tactics? It's all useless. The Blood Killing Sect won't compete with you on tactics, and there's no need to compete on tactics. They just come with their army and fight you openly, forcing you to fight them openly. Such opponents are the most difficult opponents to deal with, because they do not know how to use any tactics, and the methods you come up with will not have much effect on them. In fact, they have completely simplified the war. Therefore, command ability is actually not important for such a war."

"Who said that, no matter how simple the war is, command ability is crucial." Wu Litian said: "Don't the Blood Killing Sect have tactics? They seem to be attacking openly, but in fact, isn't this a tactic? Is that so? They are forcing us to fight openly and openly with them, but we haven’t found a way to break their tactics yet. How can you want to fight the enemy desperately just because of this? "

Xie Gufang shook his head and said in a deep voice: "You can't break their tactics. How can you break them? Attack their base? There are a lot of energy weapons in their base, a lot of explosive magic weapons, and There are a lot of people defending, and the most important thing is that the mountain guard formation at their base is also very strong. If you want to attack their base and make them retreat, this method is useless."

Having said this, Xie Gufang paused for a moment, then said: "I have also thought about dividing all our people into small teams, and then harass them constantly, grind them to death, and finally grind them to death. But this is obviously impossible, because they have the kind of magic weapon that can detect us from a long distance. It is impossible for us to sneak attack on them. That would just be putting food in their mouths, and they will eventually be killed. Eat it one bite at a time.”

Xie Gufang sighed and said in a deep voice: "I have tried many methods, but there is no way to break the opponent's tactics. Their tactics are very clever and clumsy. They don't seem to have anything surprising, but they are just right." Because of this, there are no loopholes. Originally, I was thinking of setting up a forbidden air formation here to let the ground troops cooperate with the underground Yaksha to deal with the Blood Killing Sect together, but you also said, They also have an army underground, and their combat effectiveness is no worse than that of the underground Yaksha. In this case, how else can we deal with them? Do you want to figure it out?"

Wu Litian stopped talking. To be honest, he had not thought of it. Although the Forbidden Air Formation could weaken the Blood Killing Sect's advantage as much as possible, it was only a weakening. Really, relying on the Forbidden Air Formation, he could Can he defeat the Blood Killing Sect? He was not sure, really not sure at all. In this case, what else could they do? No, there really is no way. There is no other way except desperately. Maybe Xie Gufang thought of this, so he decided to fight against the Blood Killing Sect, because sooner or later, he would risk his life. No matter how hard you try, the end result is the same.

The Yaksha clan is a race that is very good at fighting. It can be said that they are born warriors. They are not afraid of fighting, let alone death. Although the Yaksha clan also sometimes retreats, they will also use curses in order to break up the queen, but generally speaking, If the Yaksha Clan faced off against ordinary monks, it would be absolutely impossible for ordinary monks to compare with the Yaksha Clan in terms of toughness.

But even if the Yasha clan is not afraid of death, now when they hear about someone they are familiar with, they will fight to the death, and it is almost a fight with a win or lose. This is almost equivalent to committing suicide, but they still let Wu Litian felt very uncomfortable. After a while, he looked at Xie Gufang and said: "Old Xie, the two of us were enemies before, but now we are not actually friends, but in any case, we are all from the Yasha clan, and we have a common enemy. You As for this man, although he has a bad temper, I know your ability to lead an army. To be honest, if I were to lead an army in a single battle, I'm afraid I wouldn't be as good as you. Your death will mean nothing to us, the Yasha clan. It's a loss. Now we are fighting against the Blood Killing Sect. It can even be said that we have just begun to prepare for the war. At this time, how can you have such an idea? You can stay useful today and wait until you face the Blood Killing Sect later. When killing a clan, you should use more force."

Xie Gufang turned to look at Wu Litian, burst out laughing for a while and said: "Old Wu, this is the most honest thing you have said since I met you, but it's a pity that I don't have such an opportunity. Last time I Failed. If I fail this time, then I will have no chance to lead the troops. Instead of dying in the hands of my own people, I might as well die in the hands of those from the Blood Killing Sect. Maybe I can still How many people from the Blood Killing Sect can be killed?" After saying that, he stopped talking.

When Wu Litian heard what Xie Gufang said, he was stunned at first, and then he immediately understood the meaning of Xie Gufang's words. He was more mature politically than Xie Gufang, so when he heard what Xie Gufang said, he immediately When he realized it, he was from the Huwei Kingdom and wanted to deal with Xie Gufang.

When he thought of this, Wu Litian immediately said in a deep voice: "Lao Xie, why are you doing this? Your current strength has not lost much. Even if you leave Huwei Country, you will still be in trouble if you go to any other country. You will be reused, what do you have to worry about? If it doesn’t work, you can come to our Lion Heart Country and I will tell His Majesty, I believe His Majesty will accept you."

Xie Gufang waved his hand and said: "Forget it, if it were before, before the Blood Killing Sect came, your method would have been feasible, but it is no longer possible. Now our Yaksha clan has reached a critical moment of life and death. In At this time, what our Yaksha clan needs most is unity. I think His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor also understands this, so even if you tell His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor about me, it is impossible for him to accept me. He is There will not be any conflict between me and His Majesty at this time, and I will not let such a thing happen. Everything is focused on the overall situation now."

Speaking of this, he sighed softly and said: "In fact, when we were defeated last time, someone proposed to retreat. I knew at that time that if we retreated, then we would not have a good result, so I Instead of leaving, I stayed and prepared to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. However, doing so would also cut off my retreat. If I won, it would be easier. If I lost, I would not even have a chance to survive. All are gone. Now the countries are united, but I also heard from your words that it was His Majesty the Lion Heart Emperor who facilitated this matter. There are not many people in the entire Yasha clan who have such a vision, so if I If I lose, I will definitely die. Unfortunately, I am not from the Lion Heart Country. If I were from the Lion Heart Country, I would be fine. But I am from the Tiger Power Country. Your Majesty wants to take back the power in my hand. He won't give me a chance."

Although there were some ambiguities in Xie Gufang's words, Wu Litian understood what he meant. The Lion Heart Emperor had a far-sighted vision. If Xie Gufang was a subordinate of the Lion Heart Emperor, even if he failed, the Lion Heart Emperor would not What will happen to him, because the Lion Heart Emperor knows that now is the critical moment of life and death for the Yasha clan, and it is the time to employ people, so he will not touch Xie Gufang.

But the emperor of Huwei Kingdom did not have such a vision. In his eyes, this was a good opportunity, a good opportunity to take back his power. That’s why he wanted to take back his power. If Xie Gufang could do it this time, If he is defeated, Emperor Huwei will not give him a chance. He will definitely kill him, take away the power in his hands, and take away all the people in his hands. At that time, Xie Gufang, as a member of the defeated army, General, didn't even have the strength to resist at all.

Thinking of this, Wu Litian couldn't help but sigh. Xie Gufang was also a famous general in the Yasha clan. Who could have imagined that he would end up like this in the end. This really makes people feel very unworthy, but Wu Litian He is also very clear that he is afraid that he really does not have the ability to protect Xie Gufang, because now is the time when the Yasha clan needs to unite. If Emperor Huwei really conflicts with them because of Xie Gufang's matter, That would be a disaster for the entire Yasha clan.