c7281 Method

Xie Gufang looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said, "Have you figured it out?" I believe that when he spoke to such an extent, everyone already understood what he meant.

Everyone nodded in unison, their eyes shining brightly. Of course they had figured it out, they couldn't have understood it better! The Blood Killing Sect's advantage is in the sky, so they can let the Blood Killing Sect fight on the ground and directly offset his advantage. In this way, they might be able to block the Blood Killing Sect's attack.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone, a smile appeared on his face, and then he said: "And don't forget, our Yasha clan also has a particularly disabled race. Although we rarely see them, their Their fighting power will give everyone a headache, and no one dares to underestimate them."

Everyone was stunned, and then they immediately understood which race Xie Gufang was talking about, the Dixing Yaksha clan. When it comes to them, they usually don't come to the ground, but the fighting power of their clan is a headache for everyone. It can even be said that the fighting power of the Earthly Yaksha clan is the strongest existence among the Yaksha clan.

But the Dixing Yaksha Clan also has a shortcoming. It is this shortcoming that prevents the Dixing Yaksha Clan from becoming the main force of the Yaksha Clan, and that is the population. The Dixing Yaksha Clan has the smallest population among the Yaksha Clan, so they He failed to become the true ruler of the Yaksha clan.

But when Xie Gufang said it now, everyone immediately remembered, yes, they still have the Earthly Yaksha clan. The Earthly Yaksha clan can move freely underground. If the Blood Killing Sect is lifted to the ground, then let the earth If the Xingyaksha clan attacks them underground, it will definitely make the Blood Killing Sect extremely uncomfortable.

When they thought of this, everyone couldn't help but get excited. In fact, they didn't know that the Dixing Yaksha clan had also suffered losses at the hands of the Blood Killing Sect. It was also Wu Litian's fault that they didn't tell Xie Gufang and the others about the failure of the Dixing Yaksha clan. In fact, Wu Litian and the others didn't either. Thinking that Xie Gufang actually wanted to use the Dixing Yaksha clan to attack the Blood Killing Sect, that's why he didn't tell Xie Gufang about the Dixing Yaksha clan.

A general said: "Use the Forbidden Sky Array to pull the Blood Killing Sect to the ground and fight us on the ground. Then let the Yaksha clan on earth sneak attack the Blood Killing Sect underground. In this way, the Blood Killing Sect will be the biggest enemy." The advantage is gone. We can get the support of the ordinary Yaksha clan, supplement our military strength, and get the support of more bed slaves on our magic weapons. We will become more powerful, enough to compete with the Blood Killing Sect. , this is definitely a good thing for us.”

Everyone nodded. This was exactly what everyone thought. Pulling the Blood Killing Sect to the ground to fight would be very beneficial to them. On the contrary, it would be very detrimental to the Blood Killing Sect. So why did they Otherwise, almost everyone agrees with this proposal.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "If everyone agrees, then we can make preparations now. I am going to set up a forbidden air formation directly thousands of miles behind us, and at the same time give the lion heart country All the Yakshas in each city go out to recruit troops and let them gather there to deal with the Blood Killing Sect with us. Whether they are ordinary Yakshas or earthly Yakshas, ​​they must obey our unified dispatch, so that we can deal with the Blood Killing Sect. And everyone actually has less calculations, that is, the fat cows. Although the fat cows have always been raised by us, their body shape is there. We can completely let the fat cows also participate in the attack. With their body shape And strength, even if they don’t know any magic, they can still fight some of the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect, so our chances of winning will be even greater."

Everyone laughed excitedly. They felt that this method was really feasible, but soon a general stood up. He looked at Xie Gufang and said: "Elder Xie, what you said is very feasible. It's feasible, but there is one thing that you still haven't solved, that is the problem of our floating island. Our floating island cannot fly above the forbidden air formation. Don't you want to use our floating island? Did you join the war?"

As soon as this person's words came out, the smiles on everyone's faces solidified. The Floating Island has always been the pride and biggest support of these flying yakshas. If the Floating Island cannot participate in the war, then they really I don't know what they did, so they were all stunned for a moment.

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "I have thought about this issue. I am afraid that our floating island will really not be able to participate in the war. We must retreat our floating island behind the forbidden air formation, and then we will Yes, we all go to the forbidden air formation to participate in the battle. Only in this way can we block the attack of the Blood Killing Sect. Don’t forget, although the floating island is very good, if it cannot be used on the battlefield, then it will be useless. It’s really useless, I believe this, no one will object, right?”

Everyone was silent for a while. Indeed, the floating island is the foundation of Feitian Yaksha, but if the floating island is useless at all and cannot play any role on the battlefield, then the floating island will be useless. , although they don’t want to admit this, they must admit it from time to time.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone, and then said: "I know, everyone may be thinking about whether to use the floating island to attack the Blood Killing Sect's defense line directly. With the Blood Killing Sect's strength, there may be no way at all. Block the impact of our floating island, right? Has anyone thought so?"

Some people in the hall nodded unconsciously. They may not have noticed that they had been led away by Guzhu Xie unconsciously. Xie Gufang had been mobilizing and controlling their emotions. Let these people follow his ideas. It has to be said that this failure in the battle with the Blood Killer Sect has made Xie Gufang mature a lot. He is no longer a pure soldier, but is changing like a politician.

Xie Gufang looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "In fact, I also thought about it, but then I gave up this idea. It was not that I wanted to give up, but that I had to give up, because Wu Litian told me before , he said that a handsome lord who first fought against the Blood Killing Sect used this method to attack the Blood Killing Sect, but was blocked by the Blood Killing Sect without success. He also attacked like this twice in a row. , none of them succeeded. The first time the Blood Killing Sect blocked it was very thrilling, but the second time it was not so thrilling. In other words, the Blood Killing Sect has found a way to restrain this method, so everyone should not I thought, just use the floating island to hit the Blood Killing Sect’s defense line, it won’t work.”

Everyone was stunned at first, but then they all let out a sigh of relief. At the same time, their fear of the Blood Killing Sect became even deeper. Xie Gufang let out a long breath and said: "At first, when I heard that the Lion Heart Emperor issued a divine order to summon all the countries of our Yasha clan to fight against the Blood Killing Sect, I was a little disapproving and thought it was the Lion Heart Emperor. What conspiracy, but after fighting with the Blood Killing Sect once, I no longer have this idea. This Blood Killing Sect is definitely the biggest enemy of our Yasha clan. If they cannot destroy the Blood Killing Sect, they are definitely capable. , threatens our entire Yasha clan, so now we don’t have to think about anything, just think about how to destroy the Blood Killing Sect. I hope everyone can have the same idea as me. We must work hard now We must do it in one place, otherwise, we are likely to fail. If we fail, then we are really finished. Even if we can go back alive, punishment will be inevitable."

Everyone was silent. The reason why they were persuaded by Xie Gufang today was also a big part of the reason. If they failed and went back, they would definitely be punished. They are very prosperous now and have their own power, but In their own country, they are definitely people that their emperor is very afraid of. This time, their emperor sent them out, it is not a bad idea, and the idea of ​​weakening their strength by killing the clan with blood, if they really fail When they go back, their emperor can use this as an excuse to deal with them directly and take over their power.

It is precisely because of this idea that they do not want to go back. Going back does not mean they admit defeat and they will definitely die. But if they stay and fight the Blood Killing Sect, they will not be able to go back. They will definitely die. If all countries know the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, not only will they not die, but they will also be reused. This is why they don't want to go back.

Xie Gufang looked at them and knew that the heat had come, so he continued: "Okay, if everyone agrees with my plan, then I will let people implement it now. Do you have any questions? If there are any questions If you do, say it right away. If you don’t say it, then I will assume that you all agree.”

Everyone shook their heads. None of them would object to Xie Gufang's plan. In fact, apart from this plan, they could no longer think of any other way to stop the Blood Killing Sect's attack and at the same time protect themselves. So none of them opposed Xie Gufang's plan.

War is never a simple matter. Even for a force like the Blood Slaughter Sect, fighting is a very important matter. Who is sent to fight and who leads the troops all have to be particular about it, let alone Like the Yaksha Clan, the Yaksha Clan is not a whole, it is divided into many countries, and this time the entire Yaksha Clan is mobilized to participate in the war, there are more things involved, so there are many things that I want to deal with There is more, and those who failed like Xie Gufang want to think more. It is precisely because of this that they are so careful, because they must understand that once they fail, what awaits them , it may be a completely different fate.