c7285 joint

Wen Wenhai and the others all smiled, and they also discovered that they had indeed matured. Of course, they also knew why they had such changes. It was simply because they had fought more battles, so to be honest, they had such changes. , they are indeed very happy with their changes.

Zhao Hai glanced at Wen Wenhai and the others, and said with a smile: "You can now stand alone. Even if our Blood Killing Sect reaches Wanshan Realm, then we will face the attacks of the monks and the Shadow Clan at the same time. I don’t have to worry about anything anymore, now I have enough confidence to defeat them completely.”

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but smile. Wen Wenhai said: "Boss, don't worry, we can definitely defeat those guys. So what do you think we should do now? The other side uses this kind of The magic circle can block our sky-wide fire, so what should we use to carry out long-range attacks against them?"

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Don't forget our Sky-Swallowing Net. I have seen the Sky-Swallowing Net. It is a very good magical weapon and very powerful. You must be good at using all the resources in your hands. Sometimes, even if it is something inconspicuous, as long as it is placed in the right position, it can play a huge role, let alone a magic weapon like the Sky-Swallowing Net." After saying this, Zhao Hai said He returned to his seat and closed his eyes again.

Wen Wenhai and the others are thinking about Zhao Hai's words. They are also using the Sky-Swallowing Net now, but they are more used to break formations, because the Sky-Swallowing Net was originally designed to break formations, and It's that kind of protective array, but now the opponent is using a forbidden air array. How to use the Sky-Swallowing Net to break the opponent's forbidden air array?

When they thought of this, Wen Wenhai and the others' eyes lit up. They were not fools. They all knew very well that the Forbidden Air Array was also a kind of magic circle, so they could use the Sky-Swallowing Net that was specially designed to break the Array. Formation doesn't seem to be a difficult task. You must know that the way the Sky Swallowing Network breaks the formation is very different from the way other formation breaking methods break the formation.

The method of swallowing the sky network to break the formation is not to find the weakness of the formation, and then break the formation. The method of swallowing the sky net to break the formation is actually very simple. He just wants to use all the energy of the formation to It absorbs the light, so the magic circle is naturally broken.

No matter what kind of magic circle it is, the essence of its operation is energy. If the energy is absorbed, then no matter what kind of magic circle it is, it will not be able to operate, let alone the protective magic circle. The Blood Killing Sect's Five Elements Killing Formation cannot operate once its energy is absorbed. Therefore, it is not an exaggeration to say that the Sky-Swallowing Net is the nemesis of all formations.

When they thought of this, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately got together and discussed how to use the Sky-Swallowing Net to directly destroy the opponent's forbidden air formation. However, after their discussion, they found that this was actually very difficult. Yes, because the opponent's forbidden air array is very huge in scale, it is not easy to destroy the opponent's forbidden air array in a short time. In addition, the opponent will not watch you destroy their forbidden air array. Once the air formation is broken, there must be another way, so it is not an easy task to directly use the Sky Swallowing Net to destroy the opponent's air forbidden formation.

After Wen Wenhai and others discussed it, they finally decided on a plan, which was to attack and break the formation at the same time. Their army would attack the opponent's defense line, and while attacking, they would use the Sky-Swallowing Net to break the formation, so that the enemy would be attracted by their attack. With strength, it will be even easier for the Sky Swallowing Network to break through the formation.

Zhao Hai sat on his seat, listening to Wen Wenhai and the others, with a smile on his face. Although the method that Wen Wenhai and the others came up with was very simple, it was the easiest method to implement on the battlefield. The battlefield It's no better than other places. The method you come up with must be practical, otherwise it won't be effective.

So on the battlefield, your method must be simple and practical, and Wen Wenhai and the others have obviously achieved this. This is what Zhao Hai is most happy about, because it means that they are indeed used to it. The environment on the battlefield is completely adapted to the battlefield.

After figuring out the method, they asked people from the staff department to improve it, and then directly sent the new order to Gu Yuanzheng in the form of a document. Now that the enemy has arranged the forbidden air formation, everyone They have all entered the forbidden air formation area, which means that the enemy is already prepared. In this case, they must also adjust their attack method.

Gu Yuanzheng received a new battle plan from the General Staff. He took a look at it and gave the jade slip to the King of Hell. Then he smiled and said: "Old Yan, take a look. The General Staff sent it here." The new battle plan, haha, has finally come up with us."

Yama Wang Ling took the jade slip and took a look at it, then gave it to Shu Li next to him, and then said in a deep voice: "First build our base outside their restricted area, and then slowly attack They mainly use ground attack and formation breaking, and at the same time use energy beast attack and underground attack as assistance. This is really similar to the method we came up with."

Shun Li put down the jade slip and said in a deep voice: "They still forgot one thing, that is the opponent's rapist. The opponent's rapist is very strong. We must be careful, but they did not mention it. It seems that they have not thought of this. We have to remind them that it is really enough. Our higher-level Man Tianhuo cannot play its role, but their bed slaves are. It’s really surprising that it works.”

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "Even if the opponent has bed slaves, they won't be of much use. Don't forget, we still have metal walls. Their bed slaves are not large-scale attack weapons, so they are not very powerful. , at most it is a relatively strong single-target attack weapon, which is much worse than our Mantianhuo. We can completely deal with it with metal walls."

Shun Li nodded and said: "That's true. Although they have many bed slaves, as long as our base is built and our metal walls are added, it is really impossible for the other party to do anything to us. Then we will press Let's make a battle plan." Shu Li is now one of the frontline commanders and has certain command rights.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Instruct the army to move forward, stop fifty miles away from the opponent's restricted air zone, then fall to the ground, expand our base shield, and wait until the army arrives. After arriving, we will attack them." Immediately, a staff officer recorded the order and issued it.

At this time, Xie Gufang was standing on the head of a fat cow magic weapon, looking at the sky in the distance. In the sky of the expedition, a black cloud had appeared, and the black cloud was rolling towards them. That overwhelming feeling made him feel very depressed. His face was as cold as ice. He would not accept the second failure. He was already so angry that he vomited blood after the first failure. If he failed the second time, Even if he didn't commit suicide, he would probably be angry to death. He was fully prepared and must teach the Blood Killing Sect a lesson.

A man came to Xie Gufang and said to Xie Gufang: "Old Xie, don't be so nervous. Victory or defeat is a common thing for military strategists. Don't take it to heart. Your failure this time will be a big blow to our Yaksha clan. It's not necessarily a good thing. Now people from all over the world have truly understood the power of the Blood Killing Sect and have truly united. Isn't this a good thing? You don't need to be so nervous." The person who spoke turned out to be Wu Litian, he actually came back here again.

In fact, Wu Litian has just come back. As he said, after Xie Gufang and the others failed last time, it was a good thing for the countries of the Yasha tribe. All countries knew the horror of the Blood Killing Sect, and they For the first time, they truly united and prepared to teach the Blood Killing Sect a lesson, so Wu Litian would come back.

Wu Litian not only returned here, but also brought news that all countries have now completely united to form a coalition. They are now fully preparing for war and building a new line of defense in the rear. As long as they can hold them back here, It will take a while to defeat the Blood Killing Sect's army. This new line of defense also uses the Forbidden Air Array, but the later Forbidden Air Array is more advanced. The floating island will also fall into the Forbidden Air Array. On the ground, but it is still about two meters away from the ground, so that the Bajie Niu can still drag the floating island forward, which makes their combat effectiveness stronger.

This new normal line was proposed by the Lion Heart Emperor, and all the emperors from various countries agreed. This time they received secret reports from the military leaders in their own countries, and they knew the horror of the Blood Killing Sect. You are welcome. If anything, they really had no confidence in defeating the Blood Killing Sect, so they had no choice but to join forces.

It is precisely because of this that even if they knew that the Lion Heart Emperor did not try his best when resisting the Blood Killing Sect, they did not fall out with the Lion Heart Emperor. In any case, the Lion Heart Emperor still had many things in his hands. The army was also the main force against the Blood Killing Sect, so they did not fall out with the Lion Heart Emperor. Instead, they agreed to the Lion Heart Emperor's proposal and established a defense line based on the forbidden air formation, preparing to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. , have a good fight.

This time, all the countries have really tried their best, because they now know that if they don't use their full strength, they may really die in the hands of the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect will not be polite to them. Yes, they already know that after killing Yaksha, the Blood Killing Sect will really take away the Yaksha teeth. That means that if the Blood Killing Sect wins, then their Yaksha clan will really be exterminated. In the real genocide, not a single Yaksha will be left. They will not accept such a result.

Wu Litian was sent here by the Lion Heart Emperor to help Xie Gufang and the others fight against the Blood Killing Sect. The purpose was to allow Xie Gufang and the others to hold off the Blood Killing Sect for a while and buy them more time. , to improve their new defense line, so Wu Litian came here.