c7289 attack

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chang Jun said, he couldn't help but shook his head and said: "This is difficult. It is easy for us to undo our own curse, but it is very difficult to undo the enemy's curse. And don't forget the number of enemies. There are so many Can we remove all of our enemies’ curses? Do you think it’s possible?”

Chang Jun thought for a while, and could only smile impatiently and said: "Yes, you are right, it is indeed very troublesome, that's all, then we can only do it forcefully. Let's see how the Yaksha clan reacts this time. Well, none of the guys from the Yasha clan are weak, so we have to be careful."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Let's go and have a look at the staff headquarters." Chang Jun nodded, and then followed Wen Wenhai to the staff headquarters, which was not far from the main hall. There is a large courtyard in the staff department, because there are many staff officers in the staff department, and they are divided into several departments. Each department has the same responsibility, so as to improve their work efficiency, so there are still many people in the staff department. The space required is naturally larger.

The staff now knew how to work, so when Wen Wenhai summarized four opinions and sent them to them, they immediately made a complete battle plan based on these opinions. The main points of this battle plan were It means to make some plans for some emergencies in the battle, and at the same time, to refine the points mentioned by Wen Wenhai and others before.

For example, Wen Wenhai said that the original cavalry teams of the Blood Killing Sect should be divided into various places and used as vanguard soldiers. So where to put these cavalry and when to let them attack are all very particular, and These tasks must be completed by the staff, and the more detailed the better.

After the general staff finally came up with the battle plan, Wen Wenhai and the others took a look at it and thought they had done a good job. Then they asked the staff to share the battle plan with others. Soon all the core elders received this gang war plan.

Wen Wenhai didn't call everyone for a meeting, he just asked everyone to follow the battle plan. Gu Yuanzheng was still the frontline commander, but this time there were too many people fighting, and he had nothing to command. , just on the front line, directing the disciples to set up battle formations.

One by one, the giant beasts have already lined up their battle formations. They all stood there quietly. Only the giant stone alien beasts roared twice from time to time, and their long tails kept swaying. That ferocious big mouth was dripping with saliva, looking very scary.

Behind the giant beast, there are blood-killing battle forts one after another. The countless legs under the blood-killing battle fort have all been stretched out, but they have not moved. All the tentacles have also been stretched out, dancing in the air. It looks like Like a steel monster. Behind the Bloody Battle Castle, there were phalanxes. Teams of cavalry stood there neatly. They all held spears in their hands and wore heavy armor, ready to charge at any time. .

As soon as he saw that everyone was ready, Gu Yuanzheng immediately reported to Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai also saw the situation on the front line. He did not wait and ordered the attack directly. It can be said that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all injured. After hundreds of battles, they were fighting now and did not need to carry out any pre-war mobilization. There was no need at all. All they had to do was give orders. So Wen Wenhai was not polite and directly ordered the attack.

As Wen Wenhai ordered the attack, the Blood Slaughter Sect's army began to slowly rush out of their base. The first ones to go out were naturally the giant beasts. One by one, the giant beasts came out of the Blood Slaughter Sect's base. Suddenly, the people of the Yasha clan also knew that the Blood Killing Sect's attack was about to begin, and they mobilized with all their strength.

Xie Gufang stood on the head of a fat cow, looking at the giant beast of the Blood Killing Sect, and then said in a deep voice: "Send the order, all the giant beasts attack, we can't let our giant beasts stand here and let the enemy hit them." , in that case it is impossible for us to block their attack, and we must hedge against them. Others, be prepared, and let the people who control the magic circle be prepared. After the giant beast rushes out, immediately put down the earth wall. Support me."

The ordering soldier responded and immediately went to convey the order. As the orders were issued one after another, the giant beasts of the Yasha clan also walked forward one by one, the speed became faster and faster, and finally walking turned into running. By the end, their speed had completely increased, and they began to rush towards the giant beast of the Blood Killing Sect crazily.

Just when those giant beasts left the forbidden area, rows of earth walls immediately appeared in front of the Yaksha clan's army. These earth walls were about five feet high, but the thickness was about two feet. The earth walls There were five rows in total, standing there one after another, protecting the Yaksha clan's army behind them.

The giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect all began to charge at this time. Of course, these giant beasts also knew that if the opponent dared to charge, they could not move forward slowly, otherwise they would be the ones who would suffer, so they also began to charge, and the speed became faster and faster, and soon reached the limit.

The two torrents collided hard, and a loud roar was heard. One by one, the giant beasts flew up. They really flew up. Their whole bodies kept rolling in the space, and at the same time, they kept coming. They let out bursts of screams, and some giant beasts were directly knocked to death. Some were knocked down and were trampled into pulp by other giant beasts.

After a while, the giant beasts of the Yasha clan finally couldn't withstand it anymore. Their number was smaller, and their power was not as good as the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect. In such a collision, they actually suffered a great loss. In the end, everyone All the behemoths of the Yaksha Clan were scattered, but the behemoth legions of the Blood Killing Sect crashed straight into the earthen walls of the Yaksha Clan.

Behind the behemoth of the Blood Killing Sect are the Blood Killing Battle Castles. These Blood Killing Battle Castles are like multi-legged insects. Countless metal legs are under the castle, constantly moving. Then, the castle moved forward quickly. Although it was not as fast as the giant beast of the Blood Killing Sect, it was not slow either.

Wherever the Blood Killing Battle Fort passes, all the giant beast corpses on the ground will disappear. Whether they are the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect or the giant beasts of the Yaksha clan, they will all disappear, as if they are being cleaned up. Likewise, wherever they passed, everything disappeared and there was nothing left.

The giant beasts of the Blood Killer Sect also rushed in front of the earth walls at this time. They crashed directly into the earth walls without any intention of slowing down. They heard a loud bang and a wall of earth hit them directly. It collapsed, followed by the second and third sides.

Although the impact of the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect was very powerful, they were not invincible. They rushed forward and after collapsing several walls, they were exhausted. And when they stopped, Suddenly, hundreds of people rushed out from the army of the Yasha clan. These people were very fast. They all held various weapons in their hands. They were like lightning. They rushed towards those giant beasts. As soon as they reached those giant beasts, they waved the weapons in their hands and went straight to the vital points of those giant beasts.

You can tell at a glance that these people are the masters of the Yasha clan. Those giant beasts are now exhausted. It is the time when the old power is gone and the new power is not born. As long as they are hit by them, it will be dangerous. , but fortunately, among the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect, many are undead giant beasts, and their reactions are also very fast. As soon as they see the other party attacking them, they immediately attack them in their own way. The outside of the body is covered with armor. They did not wear armor before for ease of movement.

As for the stone giant aliens, although they did not have time to use the stone armor technique on themselves, as soon as they saw the opponent coming, they stretched their tails and immediately attacked the opponent. But it is a pity that their speed is still slower. Just when their long tails attacked those people, those people's bodies moved and they directly let go of the long tails they were attacking. The weapons had already hit them, and several stone giant aliens fell to the ground in one fell swoop.

But at this time, the giant bulls behind them all retreated. How could those people let these giant beasts run away? They immediately chased after them, but they happened to hit the Blood Killing Battle Castle head-on. When they wanted to attack the Blood Killing Fort, some people suddenly appeared in front of them.

These people were all wearing armor, and their whole bodies were covered by armor. In their hands, they all held a large sword. They were all dressed in the same way, and they all looked at the Yaksha clan coldly. The masters, those masters of the Yasha clan, were only slightly startled when they saw these people suddenly appearing, but then they immediately killed them with various weapons.

There are also many people in the Yasha clan who use long weapons. Most of the people here use long weapons, and those people from the Blood Killing Sect also use long weapons. When they rush towards those people , those people also rushed towards them, and the two sides immediately fought together.

Ling Jian is a master of the Yaksha clan. He is a flying Yaksha. His strength is good, but he is a person who naturally does not like to care about other things. He just likes to practice, so he has never had his own power. In addition, He has been on good terms with Xie Gufang since he was a child, so he has always been by Xie Gufang's side. It can be said that Xie Gufang has the status he has today, and he is indispensable. If there is a real comparison of strength, Xie Gufang is probably not him. opponent.

Ling Jian usually just stayed there and practiced by himself, but didn't care about other things at all. This time Xie Gufang had to ask him to come forward. Ling Jian didn't care about this kind of thing at all. He didn't object. In his opinion, this was an opportunity to fight and it would be very helpful for his training, so he agreed directly.

Ling Jian is also a relatively traditional Yaksha. The weapon he uses is also a long weapon, a long halberd. As he waves his arms, the halberd is flying up and down in his hand. One person can directly He blocked the attacks of five people on the opposite side and trapped those five people in his halberd, preventing those people from escaping. This shows how powerful he is.