c7287 wait

Xie Gufang also felt Wu Litian's emotions. He looked at Wu Litian, smiled slightly and said: "No matter what, I am a member of the Yasha clan, and the Blood Killing Sect is my enemy. I must deal with the Blood Killing Sect, so I will not let the Blood Killing Sect have an easy time this time, I will lead my men and fight to the end with the Blood Killing Sect to buy us more time."

At this time, Wu Litian also turned to look in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. Now the Blood Killing Sect's army had arrived about fifty miles away from their forbidden air formation, and the army had stopped and was falling from the sky. They His movements were neither slow nor fast, neither wasted nor busy, and was orderly.

Wu Litian looked at the movements of the Blood Killing Sect and sighed softly: "Judging from the current situation of the Blood Killing Sect, they obviously already know that we have used the forbidden air formation. These guys are really smart." Wu Litian He is not an idiot. You can guess the thoughts of the Blood Killer Sect from his actions.

Xie Gufang smiled slightly and said: "This is necessary. If they can't even guess this, they are not worthy of being our opponents. In fact, this is the most powerful thing about the Blood Killing Sect. Okay, it looks like they There will be no attack today, they should be waiting for the arrival of their army, and those coming now are just their forwards."

Wu Litian looked at the Blood Killing Sect's army and said in a deep voice: "Their vanguard only has about 500 million people. It looks like this is the most. Do you think we should attack them? We have more than 10 billion people now. , if we can really kill their forwards, it will be a blow to the Blood Killing Sect."

Xie Gufang shook his head and said: "It's impossible. The person leading the troops of the Blood Killing Sect should be a general who has experienced hundreds of battles. He is very aware of our methods. Don't look at the fact that they seem to be building a base now. Believe it or not, if we really want to attack them, they can retreat in the shortest time. To be honest, I don’t admire others in the Blood Killing Sect, but I admire their magic circle skills, they are really too powerful."

Wu Litian was not talking, but said: "Then what do you mean, we are just waiting here? Isn't that too passive?" Wu Litian really didn't understand Xie Gufang's thoughts. Is it really true? Are you just waiting here? This is not like Xie Gufang's style of doing things.

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "We can only wait. In any aspect, it is not as good as the Blood Killing Sect, so we can only do this. Otherwise, what do you think we can do to them? Attack with arrows What about them? Believe me, it won't be of any use. Attacking them? It won't be of any use. Even though we are very close, this distance is enough for them to react. The trap circle cannot be used. , the earth-moving yaksha cannot be used, the arrows cannot be used, and the giant beast's attack is useless. In this case, what else can we do? It's good to be able to hold on."

Wu Litian didn't say anything. He knew that what Xie Gufang said was right. The most terrifying thing about the Blood Killing Sect is their stability. They are too stable and scary. They will not give you any chance. , as long as they launch an attack, they will advance steadily. It is impossible for people to sneak attack them. You can only fight head-on with them. The most important thing is that you are not his opponent yet. Enemies like this are the most terrifying.

Xie Gufang let out a long breath and said: "The people of the Blood Killing Sect are definitely not simple. Maybe what they say is true, maybe what they say is false, but they say they have conquered several interfaces, absolutely It's impossible to fake it. Their reaction is too fast. They can find a way to crack any new method we come up with in a short time. This is absolutely impossible for some people who are not engaged in large-scale battles. The forces can do it, I hope our Yasha clan can still have some incense this time."

Wu Litian also let out a long breath, and then said: "Come on, let them do it. I really want to see how strong they are. Even if our Yasha clan is really not their opponent, we still have to fight." Bite off a few pieces of meat from their bodies to let them know that our Yasha clan is not that easy to deal with."

Xie Gufang shook his head, chuckled, and then said in a deep voice: "Ignore him, who cares what they think, and those who oppose us are our enemies. I only hope that all of us, the Yaksha clan, will I can use my courage to fight to the death with the Blood Killing Sect. This fight to the death starts with me. I really want to see if the people of the Blood Killing Sect can still survive when they see us who are completely desperate for our lives. Be as resilient as ever.”

Wu Litian stopped talking. He knew that Xie Gufang had made up his mind to die, so it was useless to say anything. The next step for them was to prepare for a battle with the Blood Killing Sect. It was absolutely impossible for the Blood Killing Sect to let go. They must be prepared for a big battle.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng and the others were building a base, and the spherical arrays were released one by one. As long as their spherical array was connected with the army's spherical array, their base was considered complete, and Before the base is completed, they must be prepared to face the attack of the Yasha clan.

However, Gu Yuanzheng was not very worried. If the Yaksha Clan really came out of the Forbidden Sky Array, they would directly use the sky full of fire to deal with the Yaksha Clan. At a distance of fifty miles, even the Yaksha Clan was very fast. The firing speed of the Killing Sect Mantianhuo is enough to fire five rounds. The first two rounds of the five-round salvo are still the old-fashioned Mantianhuo, and the last three rounds are the new Mantianhuo. The new Mantianhuo is used. Skyfire's power is no joke, so Gu Yuanzheng is confident that as long as the enemy dares to come out of their restricted area, they will make the opponent look good.

Time passed little by little, and the Yaksha clan did not attack. This surprised Gu Yuanzheng, but he did not relax. The Yaksha clan did not attack, which was a good thing for them. When the army arrived, Then they can take care of the Yaksha clan.

About three hours later, Gu Yuanzheng and the others felt a sudden flash of colorful light outside them, and the next moment a gray shield appeared outside them. When they saw this, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but sigh. He took a breath and said in a deep voice: "Okay, great. Now that the shield is up, the enemy will have no chance to attack us. As soon as the army arrives, we can take care of them." .”

Yama Ling also nodded, and then he said: "We must be careful. The enemy is too cunning. We must not give them a chance. Has the old man arrived?" The old man he mentioned is naturally Cang Ming. Now they are here But on the front line, and they were still on the ground, in order to avoid being attacked by the enemy from underground, they naturally asked Cang Ming and others to come, so the King of Hell asked this question.

As soon as he finished speaking, he heard a burst of laughter, and then a voice said: "What's wrong, Lao Yan, do you miss me?" As he said this, Cang Ming's short and fat figure came from outside. When he walked in, he was not tall to begin with, but he had gained weight. He looked like a Maitreya Buddha. He gave people a very festive feeling at first glance.

Yama Wang Ling looked at Cang Ming and couldn't help but smile and said: "You guy, why are you here at this time? We have been living on tenterhooks for a while." Yama Wang Ling really didn't lie. He was a little worried that the enemy would attack them from underground. You must know that those underground yakshas made no sound at all when they moved underground. He was really worried that the underground yakshas would attack them directly. That was It's troublesome enough.

Cang Ming smiled and said: "We have been here a long time ago, but we have been making preparations underground, so we did not come up to see you. This is the front line now. How dare we come too late? Aren't we afraid that the young master will deal with us?" Cang Ming said. But really, this time they are jointly acting. If something goes wrong with them, Zhao Hai will not let them go.

Gu Yuanzheng also smiled and said: "Okay, what do I have to worry about when you do things? All we have to do now is to hold this place before the army arrives. But it seems that the people of the Yasha clan don't want to It’s time to attack, this will save us a lot of worry.”

Cang Ming smiled and said: "They probably won't attack. I found some earthly yakshas in their underground, but their earthly yakshas are all nestled under their forbidden area. They have no intention of attacking it, it seems that they just want to stick to their forbidden air."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as they don't attack, we can wait here with peace of mind. I want to inform everyone that we must be prepared for battle and never give the enemy a chance." A staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order.

Cang Ming smiled and said, "I usually see you being so careless, Lao Gu, but I didn't expect you to be very careful on the battlefield. It really impressed me." Cang Ming has not been on the front line with Gu Yuanzheng, so he still This was the first time he saw Gu Yuanzheng acting so cautiously, which really surprised him.

Gu Yuanzheng smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "It's okay if we are not careful. Where is this place? This is the front line, and a battle may occur at any time. If we are not careful, we will be the unlucky ones in the end. , so naturally I have to be more careful.”

Cang Ming nodded and said in a deep voice: "It's right to be careful. The opponents this time are not ordinary people. Those Yeji are very cunning. To be honest, this is the worst thing we have encountered in these years. Difficult opponents to deal with. They are more cunning and stronger than monks. Most importantly, they also have strong toughness. In all aspects, they are not much worse than us. Such enemies are definitely difficult to deal with. "

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, it is precisely because of this that we need to be more careful. Didn't you see that after this, there is not even a tentative attack on my side? It's better to wait until the army We’ll tell you when we get there, we’re not in a hurry anyway.”