c7283 means

When Zhao Hai heard what the two said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "You guys, why are you so careful? Am I still afraid that you will ignore me and take the Blood Killing Sect away from my hands? I let you If you do this, you can do it with confidence and boldness. Just like your previous method, isn't it very good? If there is anything, everyone can discuss it, and then the majority of people agree, and then it can be decided. This method is very good. , I have not been in retreat recently, but it does not mean that I will never retreat. In the future, if I have to retreat, the time may be very long, so you must become familiar with this management method as soon as possible, do you understand?" Zhao Hai really felt a little headache for the two of them. He established the command center just to let them take care of things. If it was like what the two said, then what had become of the command center? A senior staff?

When Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun heard what Zhao Hai said, they both lowered their heads involuntarily. Finally, Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, boss, that's what we have decided. But as long as you don't retreat, we will make it All important decisions will be sent to you for your review. If you think they are not good, you can directly veto them. Do you think this is okay?"

When Zhao Hai heard what Wen Wenhai said, he also nodded and said: "Okay, then it's decided. Send me a copy of the document you made the decision. If I feel that reconciliation is not possible, I will veto it directly. Then you are re-researching it. If I think it is feasible, you can just do it. Okay, go back."

The two of them responded, then turned and left. After the two of them left, Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Come in." Following his voice, Zhu Yong walked in from the outside. As soon as he entered the room, he immediately He saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I have met the young master. What are your instructions?"

Zhao Hai looked at Zhu Yong and said in a deep voice: "Zhu Yong, your performance has been very good recently. Although you seem to have no achievements in external reconnaissance, that is also because of the environment and your ability. It has nothing to do with it. As for some situations in the sect, you have always paid good attention to it. This is very good. You will do this again in the future. Although I believe that people in the sect will not betray me, but We must also pay attention to some of the fights between them, whether there is a situation of mutual exclusion. I don’t want this kind of situation to happen in the sect, and I don’t want the various forces in the sect to fight overtly and secretly. I want to be very serious about this. Attention, you have to remember that on the surface, you have to listen to Wen Wenhai and the others, but in terms of strength, you only need to listen to me and a few ladies. If I retreat, if anything happens, you can Just tell the ladies directly, but you have to remember, you are my dagger hidden in the dark, don’t show up in the sun, do you understand what I mean?”

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "Yes, please rest assured, young master, I understand." Zhu Yong really understood. He was very clear that what they did must not be known to anyone. In fact, in the entire Blood Killing Sect, , there are really not many people who know what he did. Except for Zhao Hai and Laura, there is no one else, because what Zhu Yong does is to monitor the entire blood. Killing Sect, if the disciples of Blood Killing Sect knew this, it might arouse their resentment.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, as long as you understand, remember, don't show it, your recent low-key performance is very good, go on." Zhu Yong responded, then turned and left, he came to see Zhao Haidu came in secret because Zhao Hai didn't want anyone to know.

After Zhu Yong left, Laura and the others walked into the study. Laura looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Brother Hai, as long as you are a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, you don't know what they are doing. ? Do you still need to ask Zhu Yong and the others to do this? I don’t think it is necessary at all. "

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "It is not necessary, but it is also necessary. I can monitor everyone in the sect through my external avatar at any time. I cannot let everyone in the sect know, so Zhu Yong and the others are very worried. It is necessary to exist because he is a cover. If all the disciples in the sect know it, I can monitor them through my external incarnation, and I can even kill them at any time through my external incarnation. What do you think? Will they still use their external avatars like they do now? I think it’s impossible, right? So this matter must not be known to them.”

Zhao Hai paused for a moment before saying with a wry smile: "Do you really think that people in the sect don't know what Zhu Yong is doing? There are no fools in the sect, they all know what Zhu Yong is doing. , but this is something they can accept and understand, so no one will object to it, and this is exactly the effect I want. What I let them know, they all know, no matter what channel it is through, they Everyone will know, and if I don’t let them know, they won’t know. Only in this way, they won’t have any other ideas.”

"Human beings are actually very strange creatures. Once he has a grudge, he will think of the bad things you have done to him from time to time, and the good things you have done to him will be remembered by him. I will selectively forget when I do it. I don’t want the disciples in the sect to have such a grudge, so there are some things that I still want them to know. Just like Zhu Yong and the others, everyone knows it, but they can accept it. , so they just pretend not to know, isn’t that great?”

Laura and the others are not stupid. In fact, they have all done management work before, so they actually understand these things. However, the Blood Killing Sect has always seemed too innocent, so innocent that they have almost forgotten the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, there are struggles in the sect, and there are some things that cannot be let too many people know, so they ask like this.

Now when they heard what Zhao Hai said, Laura and the others understood what Zhao Hai meant. Laura took a long breath and said: "Brother Hai, I really didn't expect that in the Blood Sea Sect, you actually have to spend so much thought. , Didn’t you single-handedly establish the Blood Killing Sect? Why do you still do this? With your strength and your prestige, is there anyone in the Blood Killing Sect who dares to disobey you?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "Of course no one dares to disobey me, but I don't want the disciples of the sect to feel that I am threatening them, but at the same time, I must also ensure that the interests of most disciples are the same. Raise hundreds of people, and people are different. You don’t know which of them will sell out most of them for a little profit. As a person in a superior position, especially a For a superior person like the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, I must be aware of it and kill all the bad things to ensure the normal operation of the entire Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, after so many years, They have been following me since I came to the lower world. Even the people from the Haizong sect have been following me since I came to the lower world. I don’t want anything to happen to them. People all have feelings. Naturally, I have feelings for them too. , naturally I don’t want anything to happen to them.”

Having said this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh, and then said in a deep voice: "Monks have always been focused on forgetting one's feelings, but who can truly achieve complete forgetfulness of one's feelings? Even if it's a piece of stone, I'm afraid it won't Can you really forget your feelings? The reason why monks say you should forget your feelings is because as you practice for a long time, your relatives and friends may leave you first. If you cannot forget your feelings, then It's really dangerous, you may go crazy, that's why I say you have to forget your feelings, but forgetting your feelings doesn't mean that you have to forget all your feelings. The Blood Killing Sect is my hard work, how could I completely regard the Blood Killing Sect as... What about a tool? I can't do it. In order for the Blood Killing Sect to continue to exist, necessary means must be available. It is impossible for a complete saint to become a good superior, and the means are also It has to be there.”

Laura nodded, and then she sighed softly and said: "Is there really no pure land in this world?" Laura and the others actually knew that what Zhao Hai said was right, and what he did was even worse. Wrong, but they are women, and they really hope that there can be a legendary pure land in this world, a pure land without any worries or struggles.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Pure Land? Now here in the Yaksha Realm, isn't it the Pure Land? Although it is not a complete Pure Land, it is also a Pure Land, but look at what has become here. Is that so? The pure land only exists in your heart. As long as there is a pure land in your heart, then no matter where you are, you will be in heaven."

Laura and the others nodded, then Laura glanced around, then sighed softly and said: "To be honest, Brother Hai, sometimes I really want to stay in the space and never come out. Maybe For us, that is the real pure land, and there is no possibility of a pure land outside."

Zhao Hai sighed softly and said: "The reason why you think that space is a pure land is because in space, we are gods, and we want to make it a pure land, so that is the pure land. In fact, in space Will there be less fighting? Some of the races we received in the space were released from the space before. Why should we let them out? Don’t you know? Do you still think that the space is a pure land? "

Laura stopped talking. One of the very important reasons why some races in the space were released from the space by Zhao Hai is that those races have long lost the gratitude and joy they had when they first entered the space. In awe, they have even forgotten the existence of Zhao Hai. They have also forgotten long ago that that is Zhao Hai's space. They regard it as an ordinary world. They fight with each other there. They fight for each other's interests. Massacre, they are no longer what they were when they first entered the space.

In such a battle, their strength did not improve at all, but rather regressed. Therefore, Zhao Hai endured the pain and directly cleared the space for those people, because they were no longer in the suitable space, so They were kicked out, that's the reality.