c7282 Prepare to attack

Ten days after Zhao Hai met Wen Wenhai and the others, Zhao Hai called everyone to the main hall at once. During these ten days, although Zhao Hai has not interfered with the Blood Killing Sect, he has been paying attention to it. Following the actions of Wen Wenhai and the others, in the past ten days, Wen Wenhai and the others had almost taught those disciples several simple tactics of metal walls, and this was enough. Zhao Hai felt that it was almost time to start attacking.

In the past ten days, they have actually been expanding forward, but the expansion speed is not very fast, but their radar can now see the army of the Yaksha clan, that is, they can see the Yaksha clan's army. When the army came, they stopped, and then they have been training their disciples. Now that they are almost done training, it is time to attack.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Zhao Hai glanced at Wen Wenhai and nodded slightly. Wen Wenhai understood what Zhao Hai meant. He was asking him to organize this meeting. They have been reporting their situation to Zhao Hai. Before, Zhao Hai was in seclusion, and they could handle everything by themselves. Now that Zhao Hai has come out of seclusion, if anything happens to them, they will naturally report to Zhao Hai. Although Zhao Hai He told them that even if he was released from seclusion, he would not care too much about the Blood Killing Sect. They were still responsible for the Blood Killing Sect, but Wen Wenhai was still reporting to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai also knew what Wen Wenhai was thinking. Although Wen Wenhai had been in charge of the Blood Killing Sect, he had always been cautious. He was really worried. If something happened one day, what would happen to him? But he couldn't bear this responsibility, so he had always been worried about this. Now that he was out of isolation, he naturally had to report everything to himself and let himself check it for him.

Zhao Hai is also very impatient with Wen Wenhai's actions. To be honest, after mastering the boundary core, Zhao Hai is not worried that Wen Wenhai and the others will ignore him at all. If Wen Wenhai and the others really dare to do that, Zhao Hai With just one thought, Hai could directly kill Wen Wenhai and the others, and then turn them into a clan of undead. Then they would be loyal to him, so Zhao Hai didn't worry about Wen Wenhai seizing power at all.

But Wen Wenhai has always been worried about this. He was afraid that he would misunderstand that he was seizing power, so as soon as he saw that he was out of isolation, he immediately asked for instructions and reported everything, which annoyed Zhao Hai so much that Zhao Hai finally scolded him. After giving him a meal, Wen Wenhai came less often, but he still had to ask for instructions on important matters. Zhao Hai was also very helpless about this.

And this meeting was not Zhao Hai's opinion, it was Wen Wenhai's opinion, it was the opinion of the entire headquarters. They all felt that it was almost time to attack, so they came to ask Zhao Hai for instructions, and Zhao Hai naturally agreed. Yes, that's why we have this meeting.

Wen Wenhai stood up, coughed twice, and then said: "Everyone, the sect master has been out of seclusion for ten days, and our disciples have been trained almost in these ten days, so I think, It's almost time for us to attack the Yaksha clan. In fact, we originally had the strength to defeat the Yaksha clan, but we wasted these days in order to train our disciples. Now I think it's time to attack."

No one spoke. Instead, they all looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai nodded lightly. Everyone immediately understood that this was what Zhao Hai meant, so they didn't say anything and all looked at Wen Wen. Hai, wait for Wen Wenhai to continue. Wen Wenhai could obviously see everyone's actions, but he was not angry at all. If these people all listened to him and didn't care about Zhao Hai's feelings, then he would be worried.

Wen Wenhai ignored everyone's expressions and continued: "The sect leader also agrees with our attack plan, so there is no need for us to wait and prepare to attack directly. Do you have any objections?" Everyone shook their heads. , the General Staff has already formulated a battle plan, and Zhao Hai has agreed to it, so if they have anything else to say, they can just follow it.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then picked up some jade slips, gave a piece to each person, and then said: "What each of you needs to do is written on the jade slips. Just go back and prepare yourself. The entire battle plan has been prepared by my sect master here. If there is a problem with any of you, we will hold one of you responsible. Is there no problem?"

Everyone looked at the jade slips in their hands and were stunned for a while. This was the first time they had encountered something like this that directly asked them to carry out the battle plan. In the past, they had given them direct orders at meetings. This time, they were given a task directly, which surprised them.

In fact, this is also because the General Staff of the Blood Killer Sect has really grown up. Since the establishment of the General Staff of the Blood Killer Sect, although there have been several opportunities to perform, there have never been many opportunities. The battle plans they have formulated The plan is also stable and has no special features, but it only occupies the word "stable", so the sense of existence has not been very strong.

But the Blood Slaughter Sect's staff has been growing. They are learning, how to become an efficient staff, and how to make the most secure and complete battle plan. From the very beginning, their first battle , they just formulate a battle plan. Until now, when they fight for the first time, they will formulate at least five battle plans. In fact, these five battle plans are all extensions of a set of battle plans. Everything that might happen was considered, and various countermeasures were made. After countless revisions, the battle plan was finally handed over to Wen Wenhai and the others.

Their approach also won the goodwill and trust of Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai. They found that these people in the staff department had indeed made rapid progress, and the plans they had made now were better than what they had thought up. The plan is much better. Because of this, Wen Wenhai and the others are paying more and more attention to the General Staff. Until this time, after seeing the General Staff's battle plan, they directly asked the staff to do it. Multiple copies of the battle plan were made, and each person was given a point. At the same time, it also made those people clearly know what their mission was.

Of course, the people in the staff will not make plans too detailed. For example, how to deploy the troops and how to attack will not be specified in detail. They will leave it to the commanders to decide for themselves. , their battle plan only tells these commanders when and to what extent they should achieve it, how many troops they have, and what kind of mission they should complete. As for how you use these troops to complete this mission, Then they will not take care of it, but they will give some reference opinions, but they are only reference opinions, and they do not ask you to completely respect their opinions.

This kind of plan is actually very good. If the people in the staff department make the plan too detailed and too rigid, the army will lose its flexibility and the commander will lose the ability to adapt. If it really If any special situation occurs on the battlefield and the commanders fail to react, it will be dangerous.

Seeing everyone looking at the battle plan in their hands, Zhao Hai finally spoke. He said in a deep voice: "I think everyone has seen this battle plan. It seems to be just a framework, not very specific. This The purpose is to give everyone some room for independent development. After all, the battlefield is constantly changing, and anything may happen. If the regulations are too rigid, you will have certain difficulties if you want to change the battle plan on the battlefield. That’s why it’s like this, you can do it with confidence and boldness, give full play to your commander’s autonomy, and make your own adjustments according to the situation on the battlefield, do you understand?”

Everyone responded in unison. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and then smiled slightly and said: "Okay, that's good. Then go back and prepare. Let's attack tomorrow. Let's go." Everyone responded in unison, Then they all turned and left, but Zhao Hai said at this moment: "Wen Hai, Chang Jun, you two stay here for a while."

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun responded and stopped, while the others quickly left the hall. After everyone left, Zhao Hai nodded to the two of them and said, "Let's go, follow me." Go to the study room." This study room was naturally Zhao Hai's study room. They both responded, and then followed Zhao Hai and walked towards his study room.

When the three of them entered Zhao Hai's study, Zhao Hai asked them to sit down, looked at them and said, "In this period of time, your performance has been very good, and you have managed the Blood Killing Sect very well, but there are A little bit, you still have less control now. The reason why I set up the headquarters in the first place was just to let you people manage the Blood Killing Sect so that I don’t have to worry about the Blood Killing Sect. Now if you still have nothing to do If you come here to ask for instructions, then why should I set up a headquarters? So from now on, you don’t need to come to me for instructions on anything, do you understand?"

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately said: "Boss, we understand what you mean, but there are some things that we really can't make the decision. If you were in retreat before, then we Making the decision is unavoidable. Even then, we will only do it after a meeting and most people agree. Now that you are out of isolation, you only need to make the decision on these things. There are so many Conveniently, you are the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, so you can't just ignore everything." Wen Wenhai has a very good relationship with Zhao Hai, so he dared to talk to Zhao Hai like this.

Chang Jun also said solemnly: "Sect Master, Elder Wen is right. After all, you are the sect leader of the Blood Killing Sect. You can't ignore these things. There are some things we can decide, but there are some things that must be decided by It's up to you to decide, otherwise no one will be convinced. Sect Master, we all know that you don't want to take care of things now. You just want to practice. But the Blood Killing Sect was founded by you. You can't ignore it. If you If you don't care, what will we do with the Blood Killing Sect? Without your leadership, we really don't have the confidence to manage the Blood Killing Sect well."