c7288 Prepare

Xie Gufang looked at the overwhelming Blood Killing Sect army in the distance, took a long breath and said: "It's finally about to begin. The Blood Killing Sect's army is finally here. They're here, and the war is about to begin. Come on, Pass the order, the army is ready for war, and is ready to fight at any time." Immediately, the ordering soldier responded, then turned around and ran away.

After the man left, Wu Litian said to Xie Gufang: "Lao Xie, you didn't just come up and fight against the Blood Killing Sect's people, right? That's not possible. We have to hold off the Blood Killing Sect for ten days. After a few days, the defense line behind us will be almost ready, so you can’t just go up and fight.”

Xie Gufang smiled and said: "Don't worry, I won't do that, but I have prepared a big gift for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, hahahaha, I really want to see how the people of the Blood Killing Sect look. How will you react to this big gift from me?" After saying this, Xie Gufang burst into laughter.

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang and didn't know what to say. In the end, he said nothing. He felt that Xie Gufang was much more cheerful now than before, but he also knew very well that Xie Gufang was determined. He was determined to die, so he had put down all the previous things and let go of everything, so his mood actually got better. He didn't even want his own life, so what else was there? It can make him upset.

Wu Litian sighed secretly. He knew very well that he had no way to stop Xie Gufang's situation. He couldn't stop it. If he stopped Xie Gufang, it wouldn't be much better than dying in battle immediately. If he didn't do it well, he would Rather than die directly in the hands of their emperor, it would be better to let Xie Gufang die here. At least he died in battle and his reputation could be preserved.

At this time, the Blood Killing Sect's army also began to land. When all the Blood Killing Sect's armies landed on the ground, Gu Yuanzheng and the others were called directly to the Xuanwu Space by Wen Wenhai to prepare for a meeting. The meeting place this time was in the main hall. When everyone arrived in the main hall, they found that Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai were in the main hall. Everyone immediately stepped forward to salute, and Zhao Hai and the others just nodded to everyone.

After everyone arrived, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "I've called everyone here for a meeting to discuss how to attack the Yasha clan. Wen Hai, you should be the one to host this meeting. Now you have to be the same as before, just pretend that I don't exist." After saying that, Zhao Hai turned around and sat on the chair, closed his eyes, and stopped caring about things in the hall.

Wen Wenhai responded, then turned to everyone and said: "Now our army has arrived here, and the enemy is right opposite us, but this time the enemy used a forbidden air formation, so our attack The tactics have to be changed. Our previous opinion was that the ground attack should cooperate with the Sky-Swallowing Net. While attacking the enemy, we are also trying to find ways to break the enemy's formation. Do you have any opinions on this method?"

Everyone shook their heads. They really didn't have any opinions. They knew very well how powerful the Sky-Swallowing Net was. It would be best to use the Sky-Swallowing Net to break their magic circle. What opinions could they have? When Wen Wenhai saw everyone shaking their heads, he continued: "Okay, as long as you don't have any opinions, let's talk about the next thing, which is the order and formation of the attack. Everyone, let's talk about what you think. ."

Baiyan stood up first and said: "Elder Wen, I have an idea. The reason why the enemy wants to use the forbidden air formation to fight us is because they know that they are no match for us in the sky. So if they want to fight us on the ground, then we don't have to be polite. We will just use all our methods. The giant beasts and the Blood Killing Battle Fort will directly attack the enemy's formation. At the same time, we disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can all incarnate themselves into puppet beasts and directly attack the enemy's formation. The impact of cavalry is stronger than that of infantry. In this way, I believe that the enemy will be defeated. In a short time, although they will have giant beasts, their number will not be as large as ours, and they will not have large magic weapons. These are where we have the biggest advantage."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said, "Does anyone have any other opinions?" Bai Yan's tactics were actually very good. Wen Wenhai had never thought of transforming all the infantry before. As a cavalryman, what Bai Yan said was really good, but he still wanted to ask to see if others had other opinions.

At this time Cang Ming stood up and said: "I think we should attack underground and above ground at the same time. We must not give the enemy any chance to attack us from underground." Cang Ming has always been responsible for the underground attack, so Naturally, he would also start from this aspect.

Everyone also nodded, and at this time, Gu Yuanzheng also stood up, and then said: "I think that we have always overlooked an issue, and that is the opponent's master. All along, the Yaksha clan and us In the battle, we didn’t send any masters, so we didn’t use masters to deal with them, but we had to guard against the opponent’s moves.” Gu Yuanzheng’s experience is still very rich. For a long time, Gu Yuanzheng and their undead clan, They are all Zhao Hai's most important subordinates. They have seen all kinds of scenes, so he thinks about things comprehensively.

When everyone heard what he said, they were slightly stunned at first, and then they all nodded. They had indeed ignored this issue for a while. They had always focused on group attacks, and the opportunity for experts to take action was not A lot, especially in the first few interfaces. In the past, they would have some masters on the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, but after arriving at the Yasha Clan, their Blood Killing Battle Fortress has never been too strong. Master, there is indeed something wrong with this.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then asked: "Do you have any other comments?" This time no one spoke, and everyone looked at him quietly. Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, no one has any other comments. Opinions, then I will make a summary. Everyone’s opinions are actually very good. Then we will make some changes to our attack this time. We will make some improvements to the formation. The first behemoth is the first formation, and it will be a bloody battle. The fort is the second formation, and the rest are our brothers."

"Second, all disciples transform themselves into puppet beasts, transforming from infantry into cavalry. They attack the enemy's army and strive to completely break through the enemy's army. And our Blood Killing Sect's original cavalry , from becoming vanguard soldiers, assigned to various places to attack the enemy's defense line."

"Third, each blood-killing battle fort is equipped with five puppet disciples. Once the opponent's masters attack, the puppet disciples will immediately respond. If the enemy's masters form a battle formation and attack us, there is no need. You're welcome, all the puppet disciples will form a formation to fight against them, and other elders should also be prepared and ready to support at any time."

"Fourth, the ground and the underground must cooperate in fighting. This is also very important. The ground and the underground must cooperate well. The enemy also has troops underground. The fighting power of the underground yaksha is very powerful. We must Be careful with them, otherwise, if they suddenly come up from underground and attack us, it will be enough for us."

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and then said: "These are the four points I have summarized. If everyone has no objections, then I will ask the staff to make a battle plan for us now. Wait until their battle plan Once it’s worked out, we can attack, no problem, right?”

Everyone shook their heads at the same time. How could they have any opinions? This was already very comprehensive. When Wen Wenhai saw that no one objected, he immediately said: "Okay, as long as everyone has no objections, let's go back and prepare. When the battle plan comes out, I will send it to everyone." After he waved his hand, everyone stood up, saluted Wen Wenhai, then turned and left.

After everyone left, Zhao Hai opened his eyes, looked at Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun standing in front of him, and said with a smile: "Not bad, you did a good job, I will go back, and everything will happen next." I leave it to you." After saying that, he moved and disappeared.

Wen Wenhai watched Zhao Hai leave, and then said to Chang Jun: "Old Chang, do you think our plan this time can be completed smoothly? If it can be completed smoothly, then we will be equal to the Yasha clan. The tens of billions of troops were completely defeated. This is a great victory for us." Although Wen Wenhai felt that it was impossible for them to fail, at this time, he still felt unsure, so he asked this question .

Chang Jun looked at him and smiled slightly: "Old Wen, I said you are really smart. You were so confused for a moment. Why did you forget that the sect master was still sitting here before? If our plan really doesn't work If so, do you think the sect master will not stop us? Although the sect master wants to train us, he will not take the lives of his disciples as a joke. If our plan really doesn't work, the sect master has already told us that there will still be Wait until now.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, then shook his head with a wry smile and said: "It's true, I really forgot about this matter, that's all, let's not talk about it, let's go prepare it, but in my opinion, We may defeat the Yasha clan, but it is not an easy task to defeat all 10 billion of them. Don’t forget their curse of cutting off the queen. This thing is so annoying. ”

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, their back-breaking curse is really annoying. It will directly make people come up to fight us, and their main force is still retreating with all their strength. In this case , will reduce our desire to attack, and with their desperate efforts, it will be difficult for us to break through their defense line at once and chase back all those who escaped. Do you want us to find a way to bring them back? Is this curse of the end of the world broken? If we can break the curse of the end of the world on them, won't they have the courage to fight us desperately? Then we can deal with them."