c7284 Forbidden air

In the command room of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai were all there. Everyone looked at a projection in front of them. This projection clearly showed the situation in front. They could clearly see that the people of the Yaksha clan in front of them were The army, the army of the Yaksha clan was still stationed quietly in front, without any movement.

Wen Wenhai turned his head and glanced at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai nodded slightly at him. Wen Wenhai nodded to a staff officer next to him and said, "Let's get started." The staff officer responded immediately, and then directly passed on the order. With his order, the Blood Killing Sect's attack began.

To say that the attack has begun does not mean that they are about to attack immediately, but that the army is advancing. They are still about a thousand miles away from the army of the Yasha clan. To say that it has begun means that the forward army has begun to advance, and it has officially begun. Oppress the Yaksha clan's army and see how the Yaksha army reacts.

The reason why the two sides have to be a thousand miles apart is because for monks, a thousand miles is actually a relatively safer distance. If they invade within a thousand miles of the other side, it means that they are ready. The attack has begun, and if the opponent invades within a thousand miles of them, it means that the opponent is about to attack. After all, the monks fly in the sky very fast, and it will not take long to reach a thousand miles.

At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly said: "It seems that the Yaksha army has made other preparations. These people will retreat immediately when they see our attack." Zhao Hai has not been to the headquarters for a long time. Here he is, so when they knew he was coming, everyone was a little nervous. Now when they heard what he said, everyone couldn't help but be stunned, and then they all looked at the projection carefully.

After watching for a while, Wen Wenhai suddenly said: "I do have other ideas. All the floating islands of the other party have disappeared, and we didn't find it before. This is a major mistake. The other party put the floating islands If the island is taken away, then they must have other ideas, and we have to see what the other party will do next."

The other people all nodded. They also discovered this, but it was precisely because they discovered it that they felt a little ashamed. As Wen Wenhai said, the other party had already taken away the floating island. But they only discovered it now, or only discovered it after Zhao Hai reminded them. This is indeed a bit embarrassing.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and didn't say anything. He had discovered that Wen Wenhai and the others had indeed grown a lot now. Now they could completely stand alone. He didn't have to worry about these things now, so he didn't say anything. What's the matter? I went back to my seat and sat there with my eyes closed to relax.

As soon as Wen Wenhai and the others saw Zhao Hai's actions, they all knew what Zhao Hai meant, and they didn't say anything more. They knew that Zhao Hai was prepared to let them do such a thing on their own, so it shouldn't be There are too many things to worry about, so they naturally won't ask more questions.

After walking forward for a while, Wen Wenhai suddenly let out a light sigh, and then said: "It fell down. All of them fell to the ground, and they were still moving forward. The floating island also appeared, and now it is far away from us. There are still about two thousand miles, and the update has just appeared. This is a bit interesting. What do they want to do? Why did they suddenly move the floating island so far away, but their people have fallen to the ground now? Go up, now they are still far away from the floating island."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Forbidden Air Array, could the opponent have deployed a large-scale Air Forbidden Array? Otherwise, there is no reason for them to fall to the ground. Whether they attack or retreat in space, they will be very vulnerable." They are flexible, at least much more flexible than on the ground, but now they have all fallen to the ground, which is very abnormal."

Wen Wenhai also said: "Yes, it should be the forbidden air formation. Did you see it? Their number is increasing, and there are more and more. These should be those ordinary yakshas, ​​right? Those yakshas can't fly, but if If there is a forbidden air formation, then we have to fall to the ground and fight with them. Then those ordinary yakshas can also help. Although those ordinary yakshas cannot fly, they Their strength is not weak, with them helping those flying yakshas, ​​even the smallest ones will give us a headache."

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai and then said: "It seems that the enemy wants to fight us on the ground. They fight us in the sky and cannot take any advantage, so they want to fight us on the ground." Fight with us, haha, these guys are really cunning."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Come on then, I really want to see what tricks they can do on the ground. Come and inform the ancient elders that the enemy may have a forbidden air formation, so let's They must pay attention and ask Shu Li to send someone to check and confirm whether the other party has used the forbidden air formation and report back immediately." The staff officer responded and immediately went to pass the order.

After a while, a staff officer walked up to Wen Wenhai and said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, Elder Shu Li sent back a letter. The other party did use the forbidden air formation. Now a large area in front of us is covered by The Forbidden Air Array is affected. This area of ​​the Forbidden Air Array is very huge. It is composed of many different Forbidden Air Arrays. It is very troublesome. It seems to be very difficult to break the formation. The only option is Attack on the ground."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said, "Can you please tell them in detail what the other party's forbidden air array looks like?" Wen Wenhai really wanted to know what the other party's forbidden air array was like. What kind of magic circle? You must know that there is more than one kind of forbidden air magic circle. They must know which kind of forbidden air magic circle the opponent uses, so that they can make corresponding preparations.

The staff officer responded and immediately went to ask. Then he quickly turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "It's the earth magic circle, the gravity magic circle and the anti-gravity magic circle." The gravity magic circle is a very common forbidden weapon. The air formation is also the most troublesome air-forbidden formation, because the gravity formation can be transformed into two types: gravity and anti-gravity, and both of these two types of formations can actually prohibit the air.

When the gravity array is adjusted to an ordinary gravity array, multiple layers of gravity will be added to things flying in the sky, and eventually they will be pressed by gravity and fall directly from the sky. Anti-gravity The magic circle will bounce you into the sky. If the opponent's magic circle is used very well and you can freely switch between the two magic circles, then this kind of magic circle will be even more powerful. Now, think about it. First, gravity pulls you down. You must use an anti-gravity array to fight against it and fly into the sky. At this time, if the opponent suddenly switches to an anti-gravity array, you... At this time, it is also an anti-gravity array. If you add these two together, you will suddenly be weakly flew very far. If you use the gravity array to stabilize yourself at this time, the other party will be able to help you right away. If you use a gravity circle, you will probably fall directly to the ground. It can be said that this is a very difficult circle.

When Wen Wenhai heard what the staff officer said, he couldn't help but frowned, and then sighed softly and said: "It is indeed a gravity array. I found that these Yaksha seem to be very good at this kind of array. These ordinary The magic circle, in their hands, can exert considerable power. To be honest, since our Blood Killing Sect has reached a certain level of research on various magic circles, I have always thought that something like this Ordinary magic formations are no longer of any use to us, but when we actually arrived on the battlefield, I discovered that these magic formations are actually very useful."

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "Yes, it's not just the gravity array. In fact, some other basic arrays are also very powerful when used on the battlefield, because this kind of array is very simple and is the easiest to arrange. For a large-scale magic circle, the changes in this magic circle may be very few, but for people on the battlefield, such a simple change is actually enough. In fact, it is a high-level magic circle that can be used on the battlefield. , but it’s actually not very applicable.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The opponent used this simple magic circle to deal with us. In addition, they used a spherical magic circle. It is not easy to break. It seems that we can only attack on the ground. They are here, come here, inform Cang Ming and ask them to pay attention to the underground. Don't forget that there is another race of the Yaksha clan, the Earthly Yaksha clan." Immediately, a staff officer responded and went to pass the order to Cang Ming.

At this time, Zhao Hai also stood up and walked to the projection. He looked at the projection and saw the Yaksha clan who had all entered the restricted area. He smiled slightly and said: "The commander of this Yaksha army is really a Very smart guys, their air-forbidden formation can not only close the air, but also use time to deal with our sky-wide fire. It seems that they want to further slow down the speed of our attack. "

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai was stunned at first, but then he immediately reacted. He couldn't help but change his face and said: "What a Yaksha clan, they are really smart enough to even think of such a method. Come out and use the anti-gravity formation to deal with our sky-full of fire. This is a move we really didn't think of before."

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "That's true. If the anti-gravity array is used to deal with our Sky-Fire, it is very suitable. It seems that the opponent has really learned the lesson, and our Sky-Fire Fire, it seems, is not omnipotent, it really made the other party find a way to deal with our sky full of fire."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Isn't this better? As you said before, in fact, if those basic magic formations are used well, their power is not small. Just like this gravity magic formation, it has actually made We feel very headache, and the smart people in this world are not just the people of our blood-killing sect. Our enemies cannot all be fools. In the future, we may encounter all kinds of enemies. Naturally, we have to come up with various ways to deal with various environments. Haha, you have actually done very well. I am really very happy. You have grown really fast during this period. It’s quite astonishing.”