c7291 Influence

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang and said in a deep voice: "Do you think it is so easy for all countries to unite this time? Our emperor proposed the alliance. At that time, all the emperors opposed it, but in the end, the oracle suddenly issued an order for all countries to unite. At the same time, he also said that he would help As we work together to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, all countries have truly united. In other words, although we are protected by divine power, as long as the other party enters our area, its strength will be suppressed. , that’s why I said this, you understand.”

The divine power that Wu Litian mentioned is actually the power of law. What he said is actually very simple. It is nothing more than that they are protected by the power of law of the Shadow Clan. If the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect enter their area, It will be suppressed by the power of Shadow Clan's laws.

Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian and said in a deep voice: "Then why wasn't he suppressed before?" When Ling Jian fought with those puppets before, he was not suppressed. That's why Xie Gufang said this. It's not that he didn't believe what Wu Litian said. , but he was really surprised. In his opinion, God Yasha said that he would help them, so he would definitely help them. Why hasn't he done anything yet?

Wu Litian said in a deep voice: "Did you really not notice? The battle they fought before was outside the forbidden air formation, which was not affected by the divine power. They should have been able to fly at that time. Although they could not If they can't fly, that only means that the other party is also up to something, making it impossible for them to fly."

Xie Gufang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "So that's it, okay, let's do it. Lao Ling, you go back and prepare. If the opponent's army really rushes into our area, you are looking for an opportunity to take action." ." Ling Jian responded, then turned and left.

Watching Ling Jian leave, Wu Litian said with some envy: "To be honest, I really envy your relationship with Ling Jian. You two are real friends. If you can make such a friend in your life, even if you die, It’s worth it, that’s all, let’s not talk about this anymore, let’s get ready, the other party is coming.”

Xie Gufang did not answer Wu Litian's words. He just looked at the bloody battle fort that was coming towards him. A trace of absolute despair flashed through his eyes, and then he turned around and left. Wu Litian looked at his back and couldn't help but sigh softly and turned around too. After leaving, he had already seen the absolute look in Xie Gufang's eyes, and he already knew Xie Gufang's choice.

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others were all standing in the headquarters, looking at the projection, until they saw Ling Jian and the others retreating. Wen Wenhai took a deep breath and then said in a deep voice: "Fortunately, we are prepared. , otherwise, we really let the enemy take advantage of it. I really didn’t expect that they actually sent experts to deal with us. Did you see it? The movements of those guys are really fast enough."

Everyone else nodded, but Chang Jun said: "I feel that this may be because those puppet disciples have not fully learned to use their advantages to fight. Otherwise, their strength would not be so bad. Yes, the speed can't be so slow. Don't forget, they all have magic circles in their bodies. If they replace some of the magic circles with wind magic circles, then their speed will definitely be very fast. , at least it won’t be slower than the opponent’s speed.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "You are right. If they replace all the magic circles in their bodies with wind magic circles, the speed will indeed be faster. In fact, it is not just them. I think we have killed them with blood." Disciples, we have not exerted the full power of our external incarnations, what do you think?"

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, now everyone really has not used the power of external incarnations. External incarnations are not only those magical weapons that can be released externally, such as spinning sword wings, they can also be used as weapons. Our best helper, don’t forget, there are many yin and yang thunder pools in our external incarnations. Those yin and yang thunder pools can provide us with energy, and we can also control the Dharma in our external incarnations. Array, if we adjust the attributes of the magic circle in our external incarnation, do you think there will be different effects?"

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It's very possible, staff officer, write down these words and wait until the next time we have a meeting to discuss it." Wen Wenhai and the others are now used to it. If anything happens, they will do it. It is very beneficial to ask the staff to record it and prepare to discuss it later. Sometimes they may have a flash of inspiration. If they do not record it, they may forget it. If they record it all now, they may forget it in the future. It comes in handy.

The staff officer responded and recorded all Wen Wenhai's words. But Chang Jun did not take it seriously, but said calmly: "When we have a meeting, we should talk about this matter carefully, otherwise we will suffer losses in the future. Don't wait until we suffer losses." Come to think of it, that would be so embarrassing.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Look at the results of Baiyan's battle. Our bloody battle at the Battle Fort this time was the first large-scale attack on the Yasha clan. I really want to see it. Let’s see if the people of the Yasha clan can really block their attack.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Although the Blood Killing Battle Fort is very powerful, the Yaksha clan's army is indeed too large, and their combat power is not weak. If they go together, the Blood Killing Battle Fort is really not guaranteed. To be able to rush through the opponent's large formation, don't forget that now our Blood Killing Battle Fortress can only walk on the ground with its feet, not rush into the sky, but our Blood Killing Battle Fortress should not be able to do so. You will be trapped by them, just take your time and don't be in a hurry."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Yes, the number of our Blood Killing Battle Fort is actually still a little small now. It is slowly increasing. Who makes the number of our disciples small?" As they spoke, Blood Killing The battle fort has already rushed into the Yaksha clan's formation. The energy weapons and tentacles on the bloody battle fort immediately began to attack the Yaksha clan.

The disciples of the Yasha clan were also constantly attacking the Blood Killing Battle Fort with the magic weapons in their hands. There were even people from the Yasha clan who rushed directly towards the Blood Killing Battle Fort, hoping to climb to the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Go inside the Killing Battle Fort and directly attack the people inside the Blood Killing Battle Fort, but obviously, it is difficult for them to even get close to the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

However, facing such a terrible attack, the Blood Killing Battle Fort was very uncomfortable, and its speed also slowed down. What made Bai Yan most uncomfortable was that now they felt that the power of the forbidden air circle of the Yasha clan could not be The constant adjustments, the adjustments back and forth between the gravity array and the anti-gravity array, caused their center of gravity to be constantly adjusted, which greatly reduced their attack power.

At the same time, Bai Yan also discovered that the power of their Blood Killing Battle Fort seemed to have been greatly reduced. After the energy weapons were released, their power was less than half of their original strength. When he saw this situation, Bai Yan immediately knew what was going on. When the matter was over, he immediately said to a staff officer: "Get Elder Wen for me." The staff officer immediately responded, and then used the communication array to connect to Wen Wenhai. He knew that this must be Bai Yan who wanted to talk to Wen Wen. Hai said.

But the staff officer's expression soon changed. He turned around and rolled his eyes: "Commander, we can't get through to Elder Wen now. Our signal seems to be affected." They had really been in this situation before. It was rare that he encountered it, so he really didn't know what to do for a while.

Bai Yan was stunned for a moment, and then immediately said: "Use the secret communication circle, quickly." Bai Yan knew that he had guessed correctly. Now the Yasha clan must be using the power of law to suppress them, so they killed Zhan Bao with blood. The combat effectiveness will be reduced, and even communications will be affected. Fortunately, they have encountered this kind of situation before, so they invented the communication array to use it when the signal is affected.

The staff officer was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately realized that they did have a secret communication array here. He immediately responded and activated the secret communication array. As soon as it was activated, Wen Wenhai immediately After the connection was connected, Wen Wenhai's voice was heard: "Old Bai, why did you use the secret magic circle? The signal was affected? Did the other party use the power of law?"

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw the letter sent by Bai Yan using the secret magic formation, he already knew the situation at Bai Yan's place, so he asked directly. Bai Yan nodded and said: "Yes, we are suppressed by the power of law here. , and the suppression is very ruthless. Our energy weapons are less than half of their usual power. Although we have the Wheel of Law, they are still affected. I think we have to withdraw from here, otherwise there may be certain consequences. It’s dangerous. By the way, those puppet disciples may also be affected here. In this way, the other party’s masters will have a place to use, and we must be prepared in advance.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what Bai Yan said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his face changed slightly, and then he said: "Okay, I understand, you guys wait there, I will send some elders over directly, let them go first Teleport it to your Blood Killing Battle Fortress. If the masters from the other side really come to take action, let them deal with it." After saying that, Wen Wenhai immediately ended the communication and wrote directly to the other prepared elders, asking him to They immediately went to sit in the Bloody Battle Castle.

Chang Jun listened to Wen Wenhai's words and waited until Wen Wenhai made arrangements before he said: "It seems that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has taken action again. Has the power of the Shadow Clan's laws also become stronger? In the past, although the power of the Shadow Clan's laws could suppress our magic circle, it was not so serious. Now, this kind of suppression seems to be a bit too much, right?" The suppression of the Shadow Clan's law power, They have experienced it many times, but none of it has been so serious, that's why Chang Jun said this.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "Yes, although the power of the Shadow Clan's laws also suppressed us in the past, it was not so serious. It seems that we must inform all the disciples. They are all using external incarnations now. The puppet is working as a cavalry, and if it is really suppressed, the consequences will be serious."