c7293 forest

But the things they got out were rarely taken out. Those bread trees and Babel vines were not prepared on a large scale to be handed over to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so now the plant masters are still in the Blood Killing Sect. The lack of reputation made Hu Wei very uncomfortable.

She didn't really want to benefit a lot for Master Zhi, but she just felt that Master Zhi had made so many contributions to the Blood Killing Sect over the years, but he didn't get the treatment he deserved, so she felt very worthless. I want everyone in the Blood Killing Sect to know about Master Zhi, and I want everyone in the Blood Killing Sect to recognize Master Zhi, so I want to make Master Zhi famous.

Now when she received the news from Wen Wenhai, she was naturally extremely happy. She immediately organized people and went directly to the front line. After discussing with Gu Yuanzheng, she was directly behind the army and would not hinder the place where the army was fighting. Directly activated those bread trees with spiritual energy.

Speaking of which, in the past, bread trees had to have soil, but now this place is all pure land, and this incomplete pure land is not suitable for the growth of plants, so the Blood Killing Sect has never used planters here before. Attack, because even the war plants refined by them have no way to survive in the Pure Land.

However, after a long period of improvement by Hu Wei and the others, their bread trees now no longer require soil. They can absorb spiritual energy by themselves, and the part that absorbs spiritual energy is the magic circle in their bodies, not through their roots. So in this way, these planters no longer need soil, so they can be released for use.

After these planters were released, they were immediately activated, and a large number of breadfruit trees grew. The height of these breadfruit trees reached about ten feet, and some were even higher. The tallest one could even reach one hundred feet, but this way There are not many bread trees with a height of 100 feet, because these bread trees that reach 100 forks are a new type of bread tree. This kind of bread tree has certain genes of the Supertree and has strong defense, but the fruits they bear The fruit is very small, and the seeds in the fruit are also very small. It is useful for melee combat, but it is not very useful for long-range attacks.

The reason why Hu Wei and the others want to plant this kind of bread tree is because although this kind of bread tree does not have any long-range attacks, their melee ability is really strong, and if someone attacks them with something like a strong slave, these The bread tree will deflect all those arrows, and its defense is definitely very strong.

After the breadfruit trees grew up, the breadfruit trees below, which were about ten feet high, all quickly grew breadfruits one after another. After these basketball-sized breadfruits grew out, the branches of the breadfruit trees would pull back. , like a bow being drawn, and then it was thrown forward, and the breadfruit was thrown out. Each breadfruit was like a small cannonball, heading straight towards the direction of the Yaksha army. Throw it away.

The surface of these breadfruit is very hard. If it hits a Yasha tribe member, it will be killed directly. After falling to the ground, it will explode directly. With this explosion, the peel and the seeds inside the fruit will be scattered everywhere. When shot out, the powerful force of the explosion will turn these peels and seeds into existences like bullets. These seeds and peels shot out like bullets will directly cover one or two hundred square meters of Fangyuan. In this place, all the yakshas who were shot died on the spot, and some were shot directly into sieves, and those seeds passed through those people's bodies and would hit a second person, or even a third person. three people.

Finally, when this seed is left in the body of the Yaksha clan, they will absorb the energy of the Yaksha clan, quickly take root and sprout, and grow into a new big tree. From germination to growth, these big trees can only be a few at most. The effort of breathing, and then a new round of attacks.

It is precisely because of the characteristics of this attack that a large bread forest soon appeared among the Yaksha army. Those bread trees kept growing fruits, and then threw the fruits out. The fruits exploded and grew. New fruits are produced, so the growth rate of this bread tree forest is very fast.

Xie Gufang naturally noticed this. When he saw the bread trees growing so fast, Xie Gufang's face couldn't help but change slightly. He really didn't expect that there was such a thing in the Blood Killing Sect. This thing It was really terrifying, and he also discovered that those breadfruit trees could actually fight in close combat. Those branches and roots were as hard as steel. When wielded, they were no less than iron whips. If they were really beaten by this If the branch can be hit, it will be killed immediately.

As soon as he saw those trees, Xie Gufang's expression suddenly became very ugly. He said solemnly: "I really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would have such a thing. It's powerful enough. Someone, go tell Elder Ling." With a cry, let them take action and eradicate those trees in the shortest time. Also, it is best to go to the Blood Killing Sect and eradicate all the trees in the Blood Killing Sect. Let them see what they can do. If you can't do it, if it really doesn't work, forget it." A messenger immediately responded and then went to deliver the order.

Xie Gufang looked at the battle ahead with a solemn expression. The two sides were now in a stalemate at the defense line. The Blood Killing Clan's Blood Killing Battle Fort had already retreated to the back. The way they exited was very interesting. The legs under the battle fort suddenly stretched a lot, lifting the blood-killing battle fort more than ten feet above the ground. Then those legs began to retreat, and the blood-killing battle fort simply withdrew from the battlefield. Went to the back.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed up. At first, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were riding puppet beasts, but after being reminded by Wen Wenhai and the others, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all put away the puppet beasts, one by one. They all stood on the ground in heavy armor, changing from cavalry to heavy armored infantry.

These heavy armored infantry fought against the Yasha clan. The weapons they used were mostly long broadswords. The blades of these broadswords were more than one meter long, and with the handles nearly ten feet long, It is definitely a long weapon. When wielded, it is extremely powerful. This is the Mo Dao.

Needless to say, the power of the heavy armored infantry with the Mo Dao is really unparalleled. If they wave the Mo Dao one by one, all Yaksha who dare to approach them will be killed or injured. But those Yashas were not weak hands. They immediately made adjustments. Their formation slowly spread out, and then they began to fight against the Mo Dao soldiers. Although they could not repel the Mo Dao soldiers, they also defeated the Mo Dang soldiers. Blocked there, it became very difficult for Mo Daobing to move forward.

When the two sides were in a stalemate, the Yasha clan used strong weapons to attack the Blood Killing Sect, which in turn caused the Blood Killing Sect to use war plants to counterattack. The fight between the two sides was very enjoyable, but overall, it was a bloody killing. Zong had the upper hand, so Xie Gufang had to ask Ling Jian and the others to take action.

Ling Jian had actually been paying attention to the situation on the battlefield. He was also very surprised when he saw the attack of the bread trees. At this time, he received Xie Gufang's order. Ling Jian also knew that Xie Gufang should There was no other way. He had to ask them to take action at once. Of course he would not refuse, so he responded without saying anything. Then he said hello to some experts selected by Xie Gufang. They immediately gathered around Ling Jian.

Ling Jian held a long halberd in his hand and said to everyone: "Everyone, what we are participating in now is a battle related to the life and death of our Yasha clan, and we are the elite selected by General Xie, in order to fight in the final battle. At the critical moment, we can play the most critical role. Our mission may be very dangerous, but even if we die, we will die for the Yasha clan. I, Ling Jian, have loved training all my life and do not like power. If It is a battle between our Yasha clan and the two countries. I have no interest in participating. But this time it is a battle between us and a foreign race. Then we must participate and play the greatest role. Even if we die in the battle, We are also heroes of the Yasha clan, now, follow me to kill the enemy."

The other people of the Yaksha tribe were still very convinced of Ling Jian, because Ling Jian's strength was there. So when they heard what Ling Jian said, they all became excited. They all raised their weapons and shouted: " Kill the enemy!" After shouting, they rushed forward under the leadership of Ling Jian.

The strength of Ling Jian and the others is certainly not comparable to that of ordinary Yaksha. The fruits of the bread tree are really not a big threat to them. The seeds shot out of the fruits of the bread tree are not even for them. Even the armor on their bodies cannot be penetrated. You must know that the defensive power of their armor is directly proportional to their strength. Therefore, those seeds may be useful to ordinary Yashas, ​​but they are really of no use to Ling Jian and the others. .

Ling Jian and the others rushed forward and soon arrived at the grove of bread trees. With a wave of the halberd in Ling Jian's hand, a huge half-moon shaped energy flew out and struck several bread trees. On the ground, those bread trees were chopped into two pieces at once, and the bread trees that were chopped into two pieces turned into fly ash and disappeared.

All the other masters also took action. The defensive power of those bread trees is very strong, but it is impossible for them to be as strong as these masters. After being attacked by these masters, a lot of them were cut off at once. These masters were so powerful in the bottom lane that they quickly destroyed a large area of ​​bread trees. Come on, all of them have been chopped down, and after these bread trees are chopped down, they will immediately turn into fly ash and disappear.

The main reason why this happens is that those bread trees actually grew by absorbing the energy of those Yakshas. Because they absorbed the energy of Yakshas, ​​that is, the energy of the Shadow Clan, they are dying. After that, they will turn into ashes. The reason why they do not turn into smoke directly is because these trees grow by absorbing energy, which is very different from the Yasha clan.

After Ling Jian and the others cleared a forest, they immediately went to another forest. Their speed was very fast, and they cleared a forest almost in the blink of an eye. It was precisely because of this that Wen Wen was praised by Wen Wen. Hai and the others noticed that Wen Wenhai then wrote to Gu Yuanzheng to ask what happened on the front line and why so many bread trees suddenly died.