c7298 Death

While Xie Gufang was thinking about these things, Wen Wenhai and the others were also discussing the current battle situation. Chang Jun looked at the projection and said: "Old Wen, actually I think we can concentrate the giant beasts in our hands. Not only the giant undead beasts and stone giant aliens, but also many giant monsters, all of which can be used. In addition to those trees and the Babel Vine, these can all be used together. I think it should be It's easy to break through their defense line. As long as their defense line is broken, I don't believe they can stop the cavalry. Even the bloody battle fortress, although they are suppressed, they can't fight back at all. We don’t even have the power, we can use it.”

Wen Wenhai smiled slightly and said: "Of course I know what you said, and it is feasible. In fact, I have thought about it for a long time, but I have never done it. Do you know why? Because it is not the time yet." At this point, Wen Wenhai The expression on his face couldn't help but look a little strange.

Chang Jun couldn't help but be startled when he saw Wen Wenhai's appearance, and then he immediately reacted. He looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "Do you want to save these things for last use? Now this Yaksha The army is just a partial army to hold us back. We haven't met the real main force of the Yaksha clan yet. You are planning to use those things to deal with the main force of the Yaksha clan, right?"

Wen Wenhai looked at Chang Jun and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Yes, hahaha, you are absolutely right. That's what I meant. Keep them all until we meet the main force of the Yasha clan. Show them all, and then we can wipe out the Yaksha army in one fell swoop. Although the Yaksha army we are dealing with now has tens of billions, it is not actually the main force of the Yaksha clan. If we fight like this, we The loss is not very big, but if we encounter the main force of the Yaksha clan, our losses may be huge. At that time, we will use all our strength to defeat them in one fell swoop. Then the Yaksha clan will The clan will have no power to resist."

Chang Jun said with bright eyes: "Well, old Wen Na, I really didn't expect that you would be so insidious. You have already started planning so early. You have even concealed it from us. Now you are here." He is really becoming more and more like a sect leader, and he can already see so far."

Wen Wenhai shook his head, took a long breath and said: "We can never compare with the boss in this life. The boss's far-reaching vision is simply beyond our ability to compare. All we can see is this world." The gains and losses, but what the boss sees is far more than these, but we must grow up as soon as possible and help the boss solve all these things, this is what we should do."

Chang Jun nodded, looked at Wen Wenhai and said: "Old Wen, your talent is actually very good. Really, I really admire you. Among all of us, you are the only one who wins the heart of the sect master the most. The sect master is so I like you not just because you are the person who has followed him the longest. There are many people who have followed the sect master for a long time. Some people have followed the sect master longer than you, right? But now they can only be ordinary people. Elder, why? Because they can no longer keep up with the sect master, but you have always been able to keep up with the sect master. This is very rare, so I hope you can continue to work hard, and you must help the sect master. The Blood Killing Sect is built better, so that our Blood Killing Sect can continue to go forward and become the most powerful sect in the world."

Wen Wenhai looked at Chang Jun and said with a smile: "Not just me, but also you. You have been following the leader for a long time, and the same is true for you. If the Blood Killing Sect wants to go further, the only thing they can't do without is The only person we have is the leader. It doesn’t matter who we are missing, but as long as we are still in this position, we must exert all our strength to help the leader and work for the leader. Only in this way can the leader be able to focus more on other things and lead our Blood Killing Sect to go further."

Chang Jun nodded vigorously, his eyes shining with determination, as Wen Wenhai said, the Blood Killing Sect can have no one except Zhao Hai, but without Zhao Hai, the Blood Killing Sect would It's really over, so they must help Zhao Hai and deal with all the little things so that Zhao Hai can not worry about these little things. This is the most important thing.

The voices of the two people talking were not quiet. Everyone in the command hall heard what they said. The people sitting here are all the elites of the Blood Killing Sect. They are all the staff members of the Blood Killing Sect now, and they will be the staff of the Blood Killing Sect in the future. There will be a chance to go down below and lead the troops. Now that they heard what Chang Jun and Wen Wenhai said, there was a hint of fanaticism in their eyes. They could almost be said to be Zhao Hai's fanatic followers, and the words of Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun were exactly what they wanted. This will only make them more fanatical. Even if Zhao Hai asks them to die in the future, they will probably agree without hesitation.

The battle is very fierce, but once the two sides reach the stage of fighting for toughness, the battle is meaningless. It is nothing more than a seesaw, a constant see-saw, and finally see who will win and who has the strongest toughness. Of course, whoever wins will win. I won, but the process was very long and painful.

In the back-and-forth battle between the two sides, time passed little by little, and seven days passed in the blink of an eye. No, in terms of preparations, it was seven days and seven nights. During these seven days and seven nights, bloody killings Zong advanced a total of thirty miles, and the Yasha clan also retreated thirty miles, but it was only thirty miles. The two sides were still fighting and never stopped.

If you send a master to sneak attack me, I will immediately use the cavalry to attack me. If you attack me with a rapier, I will attack you with a bread tree. If you use underground troops to deal with me, I will take a step back and follow you. The fight reached a point where both sides were fighting to the death.

During these seven days and seven nights, the casualties of the Yasha clan reached an astonishing 1.5 billion, and the casualties of the Blood Killing Sect also reached about 500 million. Such huge casualties were something that neither side had expected at the beginning, and The resilience of both parties was completely beyond their expectations.

The battle continued. Xie Gufang stood on the back of a fat cow with blood-red eyes. In these seven days, he also participated in several battles. He was even injured. This shows how serious this battle was. Xie Gufang was also very clear about how terrifying it was, and they could no longer withstand it. At this time, the numerical disadvantage of their Yasha clan became apparent. They didn’t have as many people as the Blood Killing Sect, and they couldn’t defeat them even if they tried to consume them. A bloody murderer.

Wu Litian was standing behind him. He looked at Xie Gufang and said, "Lao Xie, go and take a rest. You are too tired these days and haven't rested for a while. If this continues, you won't be able to stand it." Although. They all have masters, and they only need to rest for a short while, and nothing will happen. However, Xie Gufang never rested, and he really couldn't stand it.

Xie Gufang shook his head and said: "No need, I can still withstand it. The intensity of the Heavenly Blood Killing Sect's attacks has not dropped, and we are almost unable to withstand it. Old Wu, what do you think?" Gu Fang's voice was still very calm, but it was a little hoarse.

Wu Litian looked at the situation on the battlefield and really didn't know what to say. To be honest, he really didn't have any ideas now, so he shook his head and said: "No, I don't have anything right now." There is no way, now that the war has reached this point, any ideas are useless."

Xie Gufang said in a deep voice: "I have an idea. I will take 500 million people to cut off the rear. We will retreat to your newly built forbidden air formation. How can we, 500 million people, fight for you?" In about one day to two days, you can use this period of time to take a good rest. Although the time is very short, it can also allow you to recover. By the time the Blood Killing Sect kills you, you will be almost the same. You can recover, how about it?"

When Wu Litian heard what Xie Gufang said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately shook his head and said: "No, absolutely not, Lao Xie, if you really do this, then you also know that these 500 million people are still It's all over for you. If you really want to do this, then leave 500 million people behind. Don't stay, come back with us."

Xie Gufang turned to look at Wu Litian and said in a deep voice: "If I don't leave my job, they won't be able to survive for a day, and then our plan will not be successful. Old Wu, listen to me, let's go, we must You have to hold on for ten days. After ten days, as long as the order from above comes down, you will retreat immediately. If the order from above doesn't come down, then you have to hold on for a few more days, so we are here to fight for you. One day or two more is crucial, and we will try to delay it for you for more time. For the sake of the Yasha clan, such sacrifices are necessary."

When Wu Litian heard what Xie Gufang said, he was speechless for a moment. He really didn't know what to say. , it is absolutely impossible for him to withstand the attack of the Blood Killing Sect, so if he wants to carry out Xie Gufang's plan, he must stay.

The most important thing is, as Xie Gufang said, no one knows whether the defense line behind can be deployed in ten days. If they cannot complete the deployment in ten days, then they will have to block the Blood Killing Sect for a few more days. Time, so Xie Gufang said, these two days of rest are really very important.

Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian, patted Wu Litian's shoulder hard and said: "Old Wu, I can only hold on here, and the rest will be left to you. Remember, we are doing it for the entire race this time. It’s not that person anymore, this is very important, let’s go, just remember what I said.”

Wu Litian took a deep look at Xie Gufang, then he nodded vigorously, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, Lao Xie, I'm leaving. If our Yasha clan can really defeat the Blood Killing Sect and achieve the final victory, If you do, no Yaksha will forget your contribution, I promise." After saying that, he bowed deeply to Xie Gufang, then turned and left. (https:)