c7297 Back

Wu Litian shook his head and said: "No, they are not puppets, they are real master monks. The figures of those guys are very impressive. After coming out of that large magic weapon, after a few ups and downs, they are almost at your place. Fortunately, You retreat quickly, otherwise, you will have to be entangled by them. If you are really entangled by those guys, it will be difficult for you to escape."

When Xie Gufang heard what Wu Litian said, he couldn't help but secretly rejoice that he was actually taking some risks in his attack this time. He was worried that he would be entangled by the masters of the Blood Killing Sect. If he was really entangled by the masters of the Blood Killing Sect, If so, their losses would not be small. Fortunately, they retreated quickly this time.

Xie Gufang took another look at the front line and found that the cavalry of the Blood Killer Sect had retreated, and the two sides were in a stalemate again. At this time, Xie Gufang suddenly found that the Yaksha army was in chaos at the front line, and then I saw huge insects that suddenly emerged from the ground. They attacked the Yaksha for a while, and then retracted back to the ground. However, this single blow caused the Yaksha clan to lose their lives instantly. Lots of people.

As soon as he saw this situation, Xie Gufang's face was slightly startled, and he immediately said loudly: "Come here, contact Dixing Yaksha and see how they are doing? Are you unable to stand it anymore? Why are you being raped by the other party?" Someone has touched our feet, go quickly." Someone immediately responded and went to contact Dixing Yaksha.

After a while, the man ran back and said to Xie Gufang: "General, the people of Dixing Yaksha said that they really couldn't stand it anymore, so they retreated a few miles, but now they have blocked the bloody killing again. Zong’s attack, but he said that in the end we can retreat five miles, otherwise we will still be attacked.”

Upon hearing what the man said, Xie Gufang's expression couldn't help but change. Then he snorted coldly and said in a deep voice: "Send the order, the whole army retreats five miles." Xie Gufang knew very well that they had to retreat. If they If they don't retreat, then the underground races of the Blood Killer Sect will keep attacking them from underground. Then their frontline troops will be too passive, so he can only order to retreat.

Wu Litian stood behind Xie Gufang and heard the entire conversation between Xie Gufang and the man. He did not interrupt. Although the status of the two of them was actually about the same between the two countries, Wu Litian's status in the Lion Heart Kingdom might not be the same. Even higher than Xie Gufang's status in the Huwei Kingdom, but now they are a coalition, and Xie Gufang is the commander-in-chief of the coalition. If he does not obey Xie Gufang's orders, then Xie Gufang will not be polite, although You won't kill him, but you can send letters directly to people in various countries. Then he will be in trouble.

What Xie Gufang did this time was also very correct. He had no reason to object. Now Dafang is actually fighting under one condition. If they don't retreat, then they will face the risk of facing the enemy on two fronts. By that time, it will only become more dangerous.

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang. He really admired Xie Gufang now. He could take it up and put it down. He was truly a character. If the Blood Killing Sect wasn't too powerful, he believed that Xie Gufang could definitely do it. He can easily defeat the opponent because he has such ability.

At this time, the Yaksha clan also received the news. They began to cover each other and retreat. During the retreat, the Zerg rushed out from the ground and attacked them several times. This made the Yaksha clan understand why they had to retreat. Now, the enemy can attack them from underground, even if they don't want to retreat.

And Xie Gufang looked at the situation on the front line, and after a while he turned to Wu Litian and said: "Old Wu, I will give you a task now, a very important task. You will return to our floating island immediately and put the We have taken out all the supplies on the floating island and are arranging the forbidden air array behind our existing forbidden air array. As you know, those guys from Earthly Yaksha, if they really can't stand it any more, They will not retreat, but if they can retreat once, they can retreat at once. We must be prepared. If they are retreating, we must retreat with them, otherwise it will be very dangerous, but our restricted air The area of ​​the magic circle is limited. If we keep retreating like this, I'm afraid we won't be able to hold on for a few days and we will retreat outside the restricted area. If that really happens, it will be over, so we must do it in advance. Just be prepared.”

Wu Litian was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately said: "Okay, leave it to me." After saying that, he cupped his fists at Xie Gufang, then moved his body and retreated directly behind him. He had to return to the floating air as soon as possible. Go to the island to mobilize supplies. Only when all the supplies are mobilized can you build the air forbidden circle.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng also received the news. He glanced at the Yaksha clan who were slowly retreating, and said in a deep voice: "It seems that these guys knew that their earthly Yaksha failed, so they retreated. But it seems The way they look, these guys won't just retreat, they will continue to be in a stalemate with us here."

The leader of Hell said solemnly: "It seems so. I think they must be building a defense line to deal with us. Otherwise, they would not be able to block us here all the time. Haha, but look at Lao Wen and the others. I mean, there doesn’t seem to be any rush, so we don’t need to be too anxious, let’s take our time.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "It seems that this can only be done. We should continue to advance steadily as before, and just take our time. Go and pass the order." A staff officer responded and immediately went to pass the order. After the bloody battle, they began to advance slowly. The Yasha clan took a step back, and they took a step forward. They did not strengthen their attack, but moved forward step by step, retreated and advanced.

Xie Gufang couldn't help but sigh when he saw the Blood Killing Sect's attack method. To be honest, he really wanted to see the Blood Killing Sect take advantage of their retreat and attack them with all their strength, but obviously, he was disappointed. , the Blood Killing Sect did not do that, which made his plan fail. In fact, he had already arranged it before. If the people of the Blood Killing Sect really attacked with all their strength, they would give the Blood Killing Sect a hard blow. Yes, they have prepared a surprise soldier. As long as the Blood Killing Sect attacks with all their strength, their formation will definitely loosen. When the time comes, they will attack with all their strength, which will definitely make the Blood Killing Sect extremely uncomfortable.

But now that the Blood Killing Sect is not attacking them with all its strength, but is advancing steadily like this, then his plan will not work. This is why Xie Gufang sighed. In his life, he has encountered many enemies, all kinds of enemies. Except for a small loss in the hands of Wu Litian, he has never been defeated at all, and in the hands of Wu Litian The reason why he suffered a loss was because someone in Huwei was holding him back. It was not because he was not strong enough.

It is precisely because of this that he has encountered various enemies in his life. Some of these enemies are powerful, and some are very cunning. No matter what kind of enemy they are, he can deal with them. But this was the first time he encountered an enemy like the Blood Killer Sect, and he really felt a huge headache.

The Blood Killing Sect's tactics seem very rigid. Even if they keep pushing forward, they are neither fast nor slow. They just push forward. As long as they are in front of them, they will bulldoze everyone. The territory they occupy will be defended well, just like an old farmer who clears up wasteland. He keeps clearing up wasteland, and all the land that is cleared up is theirs.

To be honest, he had never encountered such a force before, not even one, which made him feel very strange. He really didn't know where such a force came from. They used such dull tactics, but they were forced to this extent, which shows how strong they are.

But after thinking about it, he understood that the Blood Killing Sect's tactics were the most suitable for them. Because they had such strength, they could use such tactics. Once they conquered a place, they could hold it. Then they keep pushing forward, occupying territory, and finally force you to fight them. Such tactics can only be used by the Blood Killing Sect, but they can't use it because they don't have the strength of the Blood Killing Sect.

When he thought of this, he couldn't help but sigh again. He had actually understood it a long time ago. He felt that the Yasha clan could not be the opponent of the Blood Killing Sect. This was for sure. If the Blood Killing Sect kept advancing like this, If we don't make any mistakes, the Yaksha clan will definitely be defeated in the end, and it will be a matter of time before they are exterminated.

Xie Gufang was worried about the Yaksha clan, but then he thought about it. He was afraid that he might not survive this time, so what was there to worry about? He would do his part and help the Yaksha clan hold off the Blood Killing Sect for a while. Time, buy more time for the Yasha clan, this is the most important thing.

When he thought of this, his eyes couldn't help but become firm. He knew very well that the current situation of the Yasha clan was not very good. The defense line behind them should be the defense line that the Yasha clan had deployed with all their strength. If that defense line could not stop them, If they live there, the Yaksha clan may really be doomed. One of the most important reasons why they can set up that line of defense is that the Yaksha clan has received the oracle from the Yaksha god, so they will set up that line of defense. The oracle is here, and no one from that country dares to neglect it, so the line of defense must be very strong. Now he only hopes that the line of defense can block the Blood Killing Sect for a while, otherwise, they Yasha will The clan is afraid that it will be exterminated soon.

Although the battle between the two sides is now in a stalemate, Xie Gufang has always had a feeling that the Blood Killing Sect did not use its full strength. If the Blood Killing Sect really used its full strength, they would definitely be able to defeat them easily. Although he did not He knew why the Blood Killing Sect had not used its full strength, but one thing was certain, that is, the Blood Killing Sect was not in a hurry and they were confident enough. The more the Blood Killing Sect behaved like this, the more he felt in his heart. There is no bottom line. He is sure that the people of the Blood Killer Sect are not fools. If they have such confidence, they must have the corresponding strength to support their confidence. It is precisely because of this that he is even more worried. He thought Knowing the confidence of the Blood Killing Sect, the Yasha clan is almost running out of trump cards, but the Blood Killing Sect seems to have a lot of trump cards!