c7290 master

Ling Jian is still very confident in his own strength. The reason why he has not killed yet is because he wants to see how strong these people are. After looking carefully, he found that the strength of these people is really good. They are not weak. Although their strength is not as good as mine, their sword skills are very good and they are extremely powerful. Although their attack speed is not as fast as mine, they are not slow either.

But fighting is not a competition, let alone a sparring. A slight difference in strength can be fatal. Ling Jian is faster than those people, so he can kill those people, so the halberd in his hand is Tightly, after three or five moves, the halberd in his hand slashed, and the half-moon twig on the halberd slashed across a person's throat.

This halberd is very fast, and he uses the "drag" technique. With each stroke, even a piece of iron will be cut directly by him, let alone a person's neck. Although when the halberd passed by, he felt that the force on the halberd was greater than he imagined, but he did not think too much, thinking that the other party was a physical practitioner with a strong body, so he appeared here. This situation.

Ling Jian was too confident in himself, so after his halberd passed the man's throat, he did not look at the man and directly attacked the other man. But at this moment, he suddenly Feeling a gust of evil wind behind her, she couldn't help being startled. She ducked to the side to avoid the opponent's knife attack. At the same time, he took a peek and was stunned because the person who sneaked up on him... It was the person he thought he had killed before.

The man seemed to be fine at all. The Daguan Dao in his hand flew up and down and attacked him again. But at this time, Ling Jian was too shocked, so the movements in his hand were a little slow. The opponent's attack passed several times, and he was once at a disadvantage.

After a while, Ling Jian came back to his senses. He took a look at the full-body armor on the other party and found that the other party's full-body armor was very heavy. It seemed that the other party's heavy armor protected him. He couldn't help but let out a sigh, and then he The halberd in his hand flew up and down, and he slowly gained the upper hand. Then he seized an opportunity and swept the halberd in his hand. This time he still used a half-moon twig, and the twig was chopped in one stroke. On a person's neck, he immediately cut off that person's head.

Just when Ling Jian breathed a sigh of relief, he suddenly felt something was wrong, because he felt that there was no blood flowing out from the other party's neck. This surprised him, but just when he was surprised, Seeing that another head was slowly growing on the other person's neck. When this head first appeared, it looked like a flowing liquid metal. It slowly gathered into a water ball there, and then slowly It turned into a head, still the same as before, wearing a helmet. The helmet and the armor on the body were completely integrated together, making it look like a person wearing heavy armor.

If Ling Jian hadn't cut off a person's head with his own hands, he really couldn't believe that these people who had been fighting with him for so long could be such monsters. He was now sure that the other party was definitely not human. , but what it is, it’s really hard to say. He has never seen anything like it.

When he was thinking about these things, he naturally couldn't concentrate. He was stabbed several times by those people, almost hurting him. Ling Jian immediately calmed down and fought with these people with all his strength. While fighting, he looked at those people carefully. He wanted to see something from those people.

But what disappointed him was that he didn't see anything. Those people cooperated very well, and their sword skills were also very good. There was no awkwardness in the changes of moves, and the movements were very natural. If he hadn't cut After beheading a person, he didn't believe anything he said. These people were really not human.

Ling Jian was certain that the people he was fighting were definitely not human beings. They must be puppets of the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to still be able to fight after their heads were beheaded by him. In fact, in his opinion, , even if it is a puppet, it will be destroyed after being beheaded by him, and it will be impossible to fight. But the opponent's puppet can actually give birth to a head after being beheaded. This is really It made him extremely surprised.

So in the following battle, he kept attacking those five people, and at the same time he was conducting experiments. He cut off the hands and feet of those people, but it was of no use. The hands and feet of those people were still alive, and he stabbed He broke the hearts of those people, but it was of no use. The wounds of those people would recover immediately. He even tried his best to cut a person in half, but it was of no use. That person could still give birth to the other half. Half of his body can still fight.

When he saw this situation, Ling Jian's heart sank. It was really a headache for the other party to have such an unkillable puppet. Guys like this were the most difficult to deal with. When he thought of this, Ling Jian took a peek at the situation of the others. He was stunned when he saw it. He found that several people on their side had died in the battle, and many of the remaining people were carrying Injured, this is really beyond Ling Jian's expectation. You must know that these people are all masters of the Yasha clan. How could they kill several people in one battle, and bring so many people with them? hurt?

After thinking about it, he immediately understood that the others were probably like him, hurting those people and thinking that those people had no fighting power, but he did not expect that those people were not afraid at all, and then they were sneak attacked by those people. , if you had moved slower, you might have died in the battle, if you had moved faster, you might have been injured.

Ling Jian knew that he couldn't go on like this. If it went on like this, it would be too dangerous. If they didn't, they would all sneak in here. When he thought of this, Ling Jian immediately roared and then shouted loudly. : "Retreat." After saying that, he swiped the halberd in his hand and forced a few people away. Then with a movement of his body, he retreated directly towards the Yaksha clan's army.

The other people who heard his order were all stunned, and then they all moved, forcing their opponents to retreat, and then stepped back, but there were still a few people who failed to push their opponents away. He was forced to retreat and was immediately surrounded by those people. Although Ling Jian saw this, he did not turn around to save him. He knew very well that if they turned around to save them, they might trap more people inside, so he led them out directly. The people retreated back to the army of the Yaksha clan. And the few Yashas who stayed were naturally quickly killed by those people.

Just after those people killed those Yakhas, the Blood Killing Sect's army also began to attack. This time, the leader was the Blood Killing War Fort. The Blood Killing War Fort released energy behemoths from time to time. These energy behemoths could not Although they are living creatures, they can fly, so one by one, the giant energy beasts directly hit the earth wall of the Yasha clan. With a loud bang, the earth wall was destroyed by giant monsters one after another. The beast was crushed.

Then the Blood Killing Battle Fort moved forward all the way, rushing towards the army of the Yaksha Clan, and the army of the Blood Killing Sect also followed behind, rushing straight towards the army of the Yaksha Clan. The army of the Blood Killing Sect was now all They were cavalry. When they charged, they were very fast and the impact was very strong.

But at this time, Xie Gufang was standing on a fat cow with an ugly expression. Beside him, Ling Jian and Wu Litian were standing. Ling Jian was saying something to Xie Gufang. Until the end, he He said: "This is what we discovered. The puppets of the Blood Killing Sect are really too powerful. They are not afraid of any attacks. It's terrible."

Xie Gufang's face was very ugly. After Ling Jian finished speaking, he said, "Are those puppets really that powerful? They were cut in half by you and they can still fight?" He was really a little embarrassed. Dare to believe Ling Jian's words. This does not mean that he doubts Ling Jian. In fact, he really does not. He is just too shocked to believe it.

Ling Jian was not angry, but nodded and said: "Yes, and when we came back, I also noticed that there was nothing left behind in the place where we fought. In other words, their things were destroyed by us. The severed heads or hands actually returned to their bodies in the end and did not stay directly on the ground. This means that the opponent can be divided or combined, making it more difficult to deal with. We must think of a good way to deal with it. That’s what they do.”

"How strong are they?" Xie Gufang asked. He had to fully understand the opponent's strength before he could find a way to deal with the opponent, so he asked this question. Xie Gufang knew very well that the Blood Killing Sect was stronger than them. He thought that relying on his masters, he could give the opponent a sudden blow by surprise, but he did not expect that the opponent would react so quickly. He How could he not be surprised that his plan failed immediately.

But at this time, Wu Litian said: "Those puppets of the other party may be in their large magic weapons. Their large magic weapons are very powerful, but if their large magic weapons really break into our Sooner or later, the army will be completely entangled by us, so their large magic weapons should not always be in our army. At that time, they will still have to rely on the troops behind them. When those troops appear, I’m asking Elder Ling to take action. As for the opponent’s puppets, we really have to think of a way to deal with them. But I think that if those puppets enter our restricted area, their combat effectiveness will be greatly reduced. It should be suppressed."

Wu Litian's words surprised Xie Gufang. Xie Gufang looked at Wu Litian and said, "Oh? How can you see that?" Xie Gufang actually attached great importance to Wu Litian's words. It is clear that Wu Litian's ability is not inferior to his, and he is very careful. He is one of the few opponents he can like, so he also attaches great importance to Wu Litian's words.