c7299 respect

Xie Gufang and Ling Jian stood back to back, breathing heavily. Surrounding them were monks from the Blood Killing Sect. However, these people only surrounded them and did not kill them. The two of them were just determined to He looked intently at these people from the Blood Killing Sect. The two of them led the 500 million Yaksha to cut off the queen, and dragged the Blood Killing Sect for two days and two nights. Now all the others are dead, and only the two of them are left. .

At this time, the Blood Killing Sect's team fluctuated, and then the Blood Killing Sect monks in front of Xie Gufang stepped aside, and a group of people walked out. These people were all wearing blood-red clothes, but their aura was extraordinary. A group of people looked at them calmly, without any expression on their faces.

Xie Gufang looked at this group of people. He was sure that this group of people must be people with status in the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, they would not have appeared at this time. He looked at the two leading people. They looked like They are not very old, and although their appearance is not very special, their temperament is extraordinary, and they have been in high positions for a long time.

The two people were also looking at them. One of them looked at Xie Gufang, then raised his fist towards Xie Gufang and said in a deep voice: "Wen Wenhai, the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect, has met Mr. Xie. May I ask for your name?" The two of them were Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun. They had noticed Xie Gufang's Ling Jian before and knew that these two people had high status in the Yasha clan. When they saw the two of them personally leading the people to cut off the queen, they In the end, they were surrounded here, and Wen Wenhai wanted to see them.

Xie Gufang looked at Wen Wenhai, then he inserted the spear in his hand into the ground, stood up straight, and then gently patted Ling Jian. Ling Jian also turned his head and looked at Wen Wenhai. The halberd in his hand He also inserted it into the ground casually, and then Xie Gufang raised his fist towards Wen Wenhai and said, "Xie Gufang, this is Ling Jian."

Wen Wenhai nodded at the two of them, and then said: "Mr. Xie, Mr. Ling, Wen Hai admires the bravery of these two people very much. If the two of them are not from the Yasha clan, if we are not hostile, I will really I really want to make friends with you two, but it’s a pity, it’s a pity.”

Xie Gufang looked at Wen Wenhai and sneered: "What a pity? What's the pity? I don't see any pity at all. We are enemies. Either you die or I die. This is a war in the first place. We lost, so To die is a matter of course, unless we do not become enemies, otherwise we cannot become friends."

Wen Wenhai looked at Xie Gufang, nodded and said: "You are right, in fact it is really impossible for you to be friends with us. Although you have spiritual intelligence, you can only be regarded as a special one." Race, and the reason why you have spiritual intelligence is because you are affected by the power of the Shadow Clan Law. As long as you are affected by the power of the Shadow Clan Law, then we will never be friends."

Xie Gufang laughed loudly and said: "Everything is what you said. I really want to ask you, what did our Yaksha clan do wrong? Have we ever killed a monk? This Yaksha space is where our Yaksha clan has always been. In the place where we have been since then, apart from internal fighting, we have hardly seen an outsider. Now you suddenly appear, saying that we are affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws and you want to eliminate us? These are all just excuses. , what you really want is our Yaksha space, don’t say it so nicely.”

Wen Wenhai looked at Xie Gufang, smiled slightly, and said in a deep voice: "You are right. It is true that we have gone too far, but what I said is true. We have to eliminate you, because our real opponent is the shadow The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and you are controlled by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, so we must destroy you."

Xie Gufang looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "Then what else is there to say? Come on." After saying that, he took out the spear stuck on the ground and pointed it at Wen Wenhai. At this time, Wen Wenhai still didn't say anything. If he let them go, Xie Gufang knew very well that Wen Wenhai and the others would never let him go, so he wouldn't be polite.

Wen Wenhai looked at Xie Gufang and said in a deep voice: "It's a pity, it's such a pity. We are enemies after all. That's all. To show our respect for you two, let us personally send you on your way." After that, he Turning to look at Chang Jun, Chang Jun nodded, and the two stepped forward. At the same time, a layer of flowing metal appeared on their bodies, and this layer of metal covered their entire bodies. In the end, it turned into a set of full-body armor, and both of them also had an extra weapon in their hands, but they were two long knives.

When Xie Gufang saw that Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun had ended up in person, his eyes lit up. In his opinion, if he and Ling Jian could kill these two people, then they would be considered dead in battle. It was worth it. When he thought of this, the murderous aura in Xie Gufang couldn't help but become stronger.

Looking at Xie Gufang's appearance, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but chuckle. He turned to look at Xie Gufang and said: "Mr. Xie, I want to remind you, don't forget the name of our sect. The name of our sect is The Blood Killing Sect is a sect that is famous for controlling murderous intent. Controlling murderous intent is our sect's specialty. Now you are playing with murderous intent with us. It really surprises me. Okay, let's see, what are we doing? Whoever uses murderous intent is more powerful." After saying that, his aura suddenly changed, and a murderous intent rose into the sky. The surrounding environment seemed to turn blood red all of a sudden, and people seemed to be able to smell a faint smell of blood. Likewise, a river of blood fell from the sky and immediately surrounded Wen Wenhai.

When Xie Gufang saw the blood river, he couldn't help but be surprised. He knew very well that the first time he took action, he encountered a squad leader of the Blood Killing Sect. The squad leader used a set of sword techniques. It can be blessed by martial arts, and the blessing of that martial arts is the river of blood. Now Wen Wenhai still uses the sword technique and the river of blood. Could it be that it is the same set of martial arts?

Just when he was stunned, he saw the river of blood rolling towards him. Xie Gufang immediately cheered up. When the spear in his hand moved, a huge Yaksha statue appeared around his body. This Yaksha He also held a spear in his hand and stood there quietly. As long as the river of blood flowed around him, it would be blocked by a force, which was very strange.

At this time, Chang Jun and Ling Jian also fought against each other. Ling Bu's strength was stronger than Xie Gufang's, and the sword technique used by Chang Jun was also the eight-style bloody battle, so it was still a river of blood, flowing towards him. He picked up Ling Jian, and the technique used by Ling Jian seemed to be very similar to Xie Gufang's. A Yaksha also appeared around his body, and what this Yaksha held was a long halberd.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect around them all know very well that whether it is Xuehe or Yaksha, they are all blessed by martial arts, and now the two sides are constantly competing with the blessings of martial arts. Both of them are extremely powerful. , they will also benefit greatly from watching this battle.

Now Wen Wenhai is very relaxed. Although Xie Gufang's strength is not weak, he has not rested for several days, but Wen Wenhai and the others are different. Wen Wenhai and the others can take turns to rest, because their main orders , are all issued by the staff, and they only need to watch a little, so their rest time can still be guaranteed. It is precisely because they can guarantee their rest time that they are in very good spirits now. .

However, Xie Gufang and the others had not rested for several days. During this period, they also participated in several battles. They had fought bloody battles with the Blood Killing Sect for two days before. They had already reached the end of their struggle. Now with Wen Wenhai and the others, Once they get involved, they will naturally not be Wen Wenhai's opponents.

Although it seems that one of the two sides is attacking the blood river, and the other is defending the Yaksha, in fact, the two sides have fought hundreds of times. It is just because of the blessing of the skills, so outsiders will not be able to tell anything, but when they fight three times After more than a hundred moves, Xie Gufang and Ling Jian became a little unable to withstand it.

They fought for more than two hundred rounds, and their fight had reached more than five hundred rounds. The two Yaksha statues were broken almost at the same time, and the blood river disappeared. When the blood river completely disappeared, only two Yaksha were left on the ground. Teeth, Xie Gufang and Ling Jian have disappeared.

When Wen Wenhai saw this situation, he couldn't help but breathed a sigh of relief, and then said: "Come here, clean the battlefield, pass the order, rest for a day, and prepare to continue the attack." All the disciples around him responded with a bang, and then They just lined up and retreated, but Wen Wenhai and Xie Gufang returned to the Xuanwu Space.

When they arrived at the Xuanwu Space, they immediately arrived in the main hall. As soon as they arrived in the main hall, the two of them were stunned because they saw Zhao Hai standing in the main hall, and at the same time, other elders were also in the main hall. The two of them immediately He saluted Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai waved his hands towards the two of them, and said with a smile: "Yes, the strength of you two has improved very quickly recently. Those two Yaksha, Zhong, although they are already at the end of their power, their strength is But it's also very good, very good, come and sit." The two of them responded, walked over, and sat down directly.

After the two sat down, Zhao Hai looked at the others and said in a deep voice: "Our battle has not yet been completed. Just a hundred miles away from us, the Yasha clan has built another defense line, starting from here. It seems that those built by Yaksha who have retreated will continue to block us. Let’s all talk about what to do next.”

Everyone looked at each other, and then Wen Wenhai stood up first, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, in my opinion, the enemy actually wants to hold us back. I think they must be behind, and there is another one more." A solid defense line, so what I mean is that we continue to attack, break through their defense line, and then fight them in a decisive battle."

The others all nodded. They were all experienced warriors. When they saw what the Yasha clan was doing now, they knew what they wanted to do, so their opinions were similar to Wen Wenhai's, and they stood in front of them. Destroy all these enemies, and then continue the attack, find the main force of the enemy, and engage in a decisive battle with them. I believe that if the main force of the Yaksha clan can be eliminated by then, then the Yaksha clan will be doomed.