c7296 assault

When Xie Gufang saw Wu Litian nodding, he turned directly to a messenger next to him and said, "Go and invite Elder Ling back. I have something to tell him." The messenger responded, turned around and left, and Xie Gufang then turned to Wu Litian and said: "Old Wu, after the two of us go out, we will leave this place under your command. We may attack the Blood Killing Sect, but the Blood Killing Sect will definitely take revenge. You must You have to resist it."

Wu Litian nodded, and then said: "Of course, don't worry, but even if the Blood Killing Sect is seeking revenge, it will take revenge after you come back. I'm not too worried." Wu Litian knew very well. , Xie Gufang and the others went to attack the Blood Killing Sect, not to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. With their strength, as long as they were not entangled by the Blood Killing Sect's masters, there would be no problem in escaping intact, and the Blood Killing Sect even He wanted revenge, and he would wait until they came back before retaliating, so he was really not too worried.

When Xie Gufang heard what Wu Litian said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he said: "Okay, if the Blood Killing Sect has already started to take revenge before I come back, it will be up to you then." Here, he had already seen Ling Jian, who quickly came to Xie Gufang's side.

Xie Gufang looked at Ling Jian, and then said in a deep voice: "Old Ling, you lead those people, I am leading a group of people, the two of us will attack the Blood Killing Sect's army from both sides, remember, This time we are not going to fight against the Blood Killing Sect’s people, we are just here to disrupt the Blood Killing Sect’s formation and reduce the pressure on our front line, do you understand?”

Ling Jian nodded and said: "Yes, I understand. Wherever you say we should start the attack, we will start the attack from wherever you want. We all listen to you." Ling Jian has always been supportive of Xie Gufang, but now he naturally doesn't Hui objected, and Xie Gufang also knew what Ling Jian meant, so he was not polite and pointed in two directions.

Ling Jian nodded, then turned and left. Xie Gufang turned to look at Wu Litian again. Wu Litian also nodded to him. Xie Gufang then turned and left. Following him, there were many Yaksha clan members. The masters, they followed Xie Gufang and rushed towards the direction Xie Gufang pointed before.

When they arrived not far from the front line, they stopped. Then Xie Gufang turned his head and glanced in the direction of Ling Jian. The two sides were far away now. Of course, it was impossible to see Ling Jian. Xie Gufang couldn't help but grow He took a breath, then waved his hand to the sky, and a white light shot into the sky, and then exploded in the sky. It was as beautiful as setting off a beautiful firework, but this white light was not a real firework. , he is actually just a signal.

After sending out the signal, Xie Gufang immediately said loudly: "Come with me." Then he rushed out. In a short while, everyone had jumped over the Yasha in the front row and rushed directly towards the Blood Killing Sect's army. , the first ones to face were, of course, those Mo Dao soldiers. As soon as those Mo Dao soldiers saw Xie Gufang and the others rushing up, they knew that these people were very powerful. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately became vigilant. Strengthening his defense, he raised the Mo Dao and slashed at Xie Gufang. The Mo Dao was very heavy, but this sword was very fast and powerful.

Xie Gufang was holding a long spear in his hand. The spear in his hand was like a poisonous snake. He thrust forward, then the gun body shook, and the Mo Dao bounced away. Then he stabbed it with one shot. After entering the throat of the Blood Killing Sect disciple, the Blood Killing Sect disciple only let out a soft cry, and then a large amount of blood came out of his throat, and he fell to the ground and died.

However, Xie Gufang was unyielding when he gained the upper hand. The spear in his hand moved continuously, turning into thousands of points of gun flowers. For every point of the gun flowers that hit a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect fell to the ground. , there was no general under his command, and in the blink of an eye, dozens of Blood Killing Sect disciples had fallen to his gun.

The Yaksha who followed Xie Gufang were all masters of the Yaksha clan. They also attacked with all their strength. Suddenly, the Blood Killing Sect's defense line was thrown into chaos by them, and those ordinary Yaksha also took the opportunity to kill Come over and follow Xie Gufang and the others into the formation of the Blood Killing Sect.

Gu Yuanzheng naturally saw this situation. Seeing Xie Gufang and Ling Jian attacking the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, his expression couldn't help but change, and then he snorted coldly: "Okay, he actually came out on his own initiative, then... Don't blame us for being rude. Come here, write a letter to Elder Bai and ask them to send someone to deal with those two groups." Immediately, a staff officer responded and turned around to deliver the order.

Then Gu Yuanzheng glanced at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then said: "Let's take action, I really want to see if they can stop our attack." Another staff officer also responded, and then directly He went to deliver the order, and this time the Blood Killing Sect was about to take revenge.

At this time, Xie Gufang was still charging into the blood-killing sect's army. There were already hundreds of blood-killing sect disciples who died in his hands. At this moment, he heard a bang, and his The spear was unexpectedly blocked by someone. He couldn't help but be slightly startled. Then he turned around and found that the person blocking his spear was a big man wearing armor and holding a sword in his hand. This man was very tall. , it seemed to be more than two meters long, and the huge Mo Dao was held in his hand without any effort at all. Now he was looking at Xie Gufang with wide eyes.

Xie Gufang snorted coldly, then waved the spear in his hand, and pieces of gunfire appeared, stabbing straight at the strong man. The strong man didn't even look at the gunfire. Instead, he waved the Mo Dao in his hand. In an instant, a river of blood appeared behind him. The blood river rolled up and killed Xie Gufang directly. Trapped inside.

Xie Gufang was stunned for a moment, and then he was shocked. Of course he also knew what this blood river was. This blood river was the blessing of martial arts. The other party was practicing a powerful sword technique, so he had this kind of sword technique. The effect of the blessing of the technique, he knew immediately that he had met a master.

When he thought of this, the spear in his hand moved, and a set of marksmanship was launched. The next moment, a huge Yaksha appeared around his body. This Yaksha also waved the spear in his hand, directly breaking the blood river. He got out of the blood river. When he got out of the blood river, the blood river also disappeared. The big man was holding Mo Dao and looking at him coldly.

Xie Gufang looked at the person who killed the Blood Sect and said in a deep voice: "Give me your name. I, Xie Gufang, will not kill nameless ghosts." Xie Gufang has just tried it out. Although this person's strength is good, he is not Very strong, but his sword skills are very good. Although the moves are simple, they are powerful. Coupled with the Mo Dao in his hand and the strange strength of his body, it is a bit difficult to deal with, but he wants to It is not impossible to kill this person.

The man looked at Xie Gufang and said coldly: "Chief of the Thousands of Blood Killing Sect, Deng Tieshan." After saying that, he shouted loudly with the Mo Dao in his hand, and attacked Xie Gufang, and with his movements , the blood river appeared again, and this time the power of the blood river was greater than before.

At this time, Xie Gufang still had time to take a look at the situation of other people, but he found that the others seemed to be blocked by others. This made Xie Gufang's heart shake. He had already understood from what this person just said I heard something. The opponent is just a thousand-man leader. A thousand-man leader can block him. Although it may only block a few of his moves, such strength is already very rare. If the opponent's master really comes, , then aren’t they in danger? When he thought of this, he couldn't help but give up.

There is another reason why he wants to retreat, and that is the people who followed him. Now those people are also entangled. If they don't retreat, when the masters of the Blood Killing Sect arrive, they will not be able to leave even if they want to. . When he thought of this, Xie Gufang tightened the spear in his hand, directly breaking the opponent's blood river, and hit the opponent's Mo Dao with one shot, directly hitting the opponent and flying back. At the same time, A mouthful of blood spurted out of the other party's mouth, obviously suffering from internal injuries.

After forcing Deng Tieshan back, Xie Gufang immediately said loudly: "Retreat." After that, he turned back and killed in the other direction. Along the way, there was another bloody storm, and those who came out with him were all He forced his opponent back and followed him all the way back to the Yaksha clan's army.

They had just returned to Yaksha Yi's army when they heard a burst of chaotic sounds from the Chinese army. Xie Gufang couldn't help but be startled, then his face changed slightly, and he immediately said to the others: "You go first Rest." After saying that, he stepped back, and soon he was back on the back of his fat cow.

As soon as he stood on the back of the fat cow, he immediately turned to Wu Litian and said, "How's it going?" As he said that, he looked towards the Chinese army. At this sight, he breathed a sigh of relief and saw their A cavalry from the Blood Killer Sect appeared in the middle army. This cavalry was charging left and right against the central army of the Yaksha clan. However, it was obvious that they could not advance into the Yaksha army and were already preparing to retreat.

Then he turned to look at the direction in which Ling Jian and the others were attacking, and found that that direction had also calmed down. However, the Yaksha clan's army still rushed forward. It seemed that Ling Jian and the others' attack was going very smoothly. He immediately turned to Wu Litian and said, "Have Ling Jian and the others come back?"

Wu Litian nodded and said: "I'm back now. You don't have to worry anymore. Did you know that it was really dangerous just now? I saw that there are already masters from the Blood Killing Sect rushing towards you. If you come back If it's later, I'm afraid it will be dangerous."

As soon as Xie Gufang heard what Wu Litian said, he immediately said: "Did you see clearly? There is a master coming from the Blood Killing Sect? Isn't it the kind of puppet master that Ling Jian and the others encountered?" Xie Gufang knew that, Ling Jian and the others had met the puppet masters of the Blood Killing Sect before, and he had a deep impression of those puppet masters, so when he heard Wu Litian say that there were masters coming to kill them, his first reaction was, Blood Killing Sect Another puppet master was sent out, that's why I asked this question.