c7295 friend

The rotation progress of the Blood Killing Sect is actually very simple. The rows of disciples who are fighting in front will continue to fight. Behind them, the disciples who are ready to rotate will be equipped with heavy armor and Mo Dao. Then the two of them stood about two meters apart. When they were ready, the disciples who were fighting would retreat directly, pass through the gap between the disciples who were preparing to rotate, and go behind those disciples, while the Yaksha clan's disciples When people see the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreating, some want to pursue them, and some want to stop. This just gives the Blood Killing Sect disciples a chance. Those disciples who are ready to take turns will rush forward directly, and then Attack, so that during their rotation, the attack will only stop for a short time, and there will be no chance for the Yasha clan to retreat.

The Yaksha clan will naturally rotate, and the method of their rotation is similar to that of blood killing. The Yakshas who are ready to rotate will stand behind the fighting Yakshas. When they are ready, the fighting Yakshas will retreat directly. The difference is that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have experience, so they will not retreat or stop, but will attack directly. In this way, both sides will take turns.

Wen Wenhai was also standing in the command hall at this time, watching the battle on the projection, and finally said after a while: "Keep up this offensive intensity. Now we and the Yasha clan have reached a complete stalemate. At this time, we are fighting for one Resilience, whoever can't bear it first will lose."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, we haven't encountered such a strong opponent for a long time. This is really a huge test for our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but this is just right. It allows us to The disciples truly know what a strong enemy is, and without going through such a battle, it is impossible for them to truly know what a real hard fight is."

Wen Wenhai did not speak, but said in a deep voice: "Let those disciples who have been rotated go to rest immediately. Don't rest on the battlefield, but go to the Xuanwu Space to rest. After they have rested, send them to other sides. Go on defense and don’t participate in the attack yet. We have so many disciples in the Blood Killing Sect and I don’t believe that we can’t hold them back to death.”

A staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "It's best to let those cavalry and alien yaksha have a good rest. When they are used, they must help me." , if they can't destroy the enemy, let's see how I deal with them." The staff officer responded once and wrote down the order.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "This time the enemy is so stubbornly guarding here, there must be something wrong. Although there are many people, if these people are the only ones in the Yasha clan, I really don't believe it. You said they will Could it be that they have built another line of defense behind them, and now they are blocking us here just to buy time for the people behind them?"

Chang Jun nodded and said solemnly: "It's very possible that the Yasha clan is not stupid. They found that fighting us on the ground would limit our ability to exert our strength, so they dragged us directly to the ground. Let us fight them on the ground, coupled with the suppression of the power of law, this will indeed slow down our attack speed. If we find that this method works, they will not be able to use it just once, but will definitely use it many times. , so it is absolutely possible for them to build a defense line behind them, and it will be more difficult to deal with than this line of defense."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to a staff officer on the side and said: "Go and ask, how is the situation of the Sky Swallowing Net? Why haven't we been able to break the opponent's magic circle yet? If we can break it, The opponent's magic circle and our sky-wide fire can be used, but I don't believe that the enemy can block our sky-wide fire."

The staff officer responded and immediately went to ask, but Chang Jun looked at the projection, sighed softly and said: "The role that the Sky Swallowing Net can play should not be very big, even the blood-killing battle fortress, They are all suppressed by the power of the enemy's laws, not to mention the Sky-Swallowing Net, so in my opinion, the Sky-Swallowing Net may really not be of much use."

At this time, the staff officer also came back. He said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, Elder Bai has already received a reply. He said that due to the suppression of the power of the enemy's law, the power that the Sky Swallowing Net can exert has become extremely powerful. Small, plus the enemy's magic circle this time, the energy is very strong, it is difficult to break."

Wen Wenhai nodded and waved his hand, and the staff officer retreated, but he did not go too far, because Wen Wenhai still needed them to convey any orders, so he would always follow them. They were waiting for the orders from the two of them, and at the same time, the staff of the Blood Killing Sect were also working non-stop.

There were a lot of people at the Blood Killing Sect's staff, and there was also a battlefield projection. This battlefield projection was even bigger than the one Wen Wenhai and the others saw. They even made some marks everywhere on the projection. Now those people are constantly discussing the battle situation in order to make adjustments to the battle on the front line at any time.

The current command system of the Blood Killing Sect has been very complete. Although people like Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun can still directly give orders to the frontline commanders, they don't really give many orders. They really give orders to the frontline commanders. It was actually the staff department who came up with the idea.

The Staff Department is equivalent to a think tank in the Blood Killing Sect. Every order they make cannot be decided by one person. It must be discussed by everyone to see if it is feasible before it is issued. And such Orders are also very important for the front line.

The authorities are obsessed with it. Sometimes the frontline commanders cannot see so comprehensively, but the staff is always at the rear, and they will see it very clearly, so sometimes the ideas they come up with are actually very good and will give The frontline has been of great help to them in the ancient expedition, and now they still attach great importance to the opinions of the staff.

As Wen Wenhai said, there are too many people in the Blood Killing Sect, so they can be rotated. Those disciples who are replaced can go to other places to garrison. While garrisoning, they can take a good rest. Let those who are garrisoned go to the front line to fight, so that the intensity of the attack on the front line can be maintained at all times.

The Yasha clan will suffer a lot here. Although they can also rotate, their number is not as large as that of the Blood Killing Sect, and they are not like the Blood Killing Sect disciples who have several lives. They die. If they are really dead, if they do not enter the reincarnation pool, then no one will be reborn, and the Blood Killing Sect will not give them this opportunity. As long as they are killed Yaksha, their Yaksha teeth will be almost all killed by blood. Zong's people took it away.

The battle is still going on, but Xie Gufang's face is getting heavier and heavier, because he knows very well that he has no trump cards anymore. He has already brought out everything he can use to attack the Blood Killing Sect, even Ling Jian and the others have all been sent out. Now they can only delay. They can hold off the Blood Killing Sect for a day. The order they received was to hold the Blood Killing Sect here for ten days. This has only just passed. After one day, they felt like they were at the end of their rope. What would they do with the remaining nine days? Xie Gufang felt a huge headache.

At this time, Wu Litian came to Xie Gufang's side. He glanced at Xie Gufang, and then said in a deep voice: "Old Xie, I have organized another team of people. This team is all experts. When necessary, When the time comes, you can let them take action, and I can only help you so much."

When Xie Gufang heard what Wu Litian said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he turned to look at Wu Litian, then nodded and said: "Thank you." He didn't say anything more, and turned his head in the direction of the battlefield. He knew very well that The situation on the battlefield is what he should be most concerned about now, and he won't care too much about anything else.

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang's appearance, and then said in a deep voice: "If necessary, not only you, but all of us can be sacrificed. What happened this time is related to our entire Yasha clan, not only you are Yasha I am a member of the Yasha clan, and I can sacrifice myself for the Yasha clan if necessary." He spoke very calmly, without any emotion, but this calmness best showed his determination.

And his words finally caught Xie Gufang's attention, and Xie Gufang once again turned his attention to him. He looked at Wu Litian and smiled suddenly for a while, then the laughter got louder and louder, and finally turned into a hearty laugh. Then he patted Wu Litian hard on the arm and said, "Okay, Old Wu, I'll give it to you today." You, my friend, remember what you said. If I really die in battle, this place will be under your command. If necessary, even if you die, you will die here." After saying that, he turned to look at the battlefield. , but his temperament has undergone a slight change. He has a very strong killing intention. The most important thing is that there is a trace of absolute determination in the killing intention.

Wu Litian looked at him and didn't say anything, but he also turned his gaze to the battlefield. After a while, he said: "There are too many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They can always maintain this offensive intensity. And although our disciples can also be rotated, they obviously don’t have as much rest time as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and our losses are also greater than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so we have to guard against this."

Xie Gufang nodded and said: "I know, didn't you organize a group of people? I think so. After a while, I will take the people to charge, and directly charge in their formation for a while, and give it to the people on the front line. Reduce some pressure and let Ling Jian and the others rush after me. We attack on two fronts, teach the Blood Killing Sect a lesson, and then retreat."

Wu Litian looked at Xie Gufang. He also knew the current situation of the Yasha clan. Almost all the giant beasts were killed in battle, and the remaining ones were of little use. Although the strong slaves could play a role together, they could not play a decisive role. It worked. Now apart from these masters, they really had no other cards to play, so he didn't object and just nodded to Xie Gufang.