c7303 Preaching (1)

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, after the meeting, you can show me the improvement method." After saying that, he waved his hand, Wen Yuming then sat down, and then Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said : "When there is a battle, there will be casualties. This is inevitable. I know that now in our Blood Killing Sect, there are a large number of disciples who cherish their first life. It is precisely because of this, so They are under tremendous pressure. They believe that if they die once, they will have no chance of immortality. In my opinion, this is not necessarily the case. Could it be that if you have never wished for it, you can live forever smoothly? Right? I can’t see it, at least I don’t dare to give you such a guarantee.”

Everyone in the hall listened quietly to Zhao Hai's words. They also knew that there was something wrong with the atmosphere in the sect recently. Now the disciples of the sect seemed to cherish their own lives too much. If they cherish their lives, they would not dare to go. Taking risks, without the adventurous spirit, one loses the spirit. Once a monk loses the spirit, it will be difficult for him to make any progress. This is what none of them want to see.

Each disciple of the Blood Killing Sect will have five lives. It is said that this will make the disciples who have been killed by blood not be afraid of death when fighting. However, the fact is exactly the opposite. Everyone has five lives. On the contrary, they were even more afraid of death, which no one expected.

Zhao Hai looked at the people in the Blood Killing Sect and then said: "We, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, each have five lives. Some people think that the first life is the most precious. If you don't have it, you will be finished. In fact, This is a very wrong idea. In fact, our first life is not necessarily so precious. On the contrary, the first life is your initial body. After so many years, your body has become With a trace of aging, it will be very difficult for you to improve your strength with such a body, so this first life may not be that good, and it may not be possible. Become a stumbling block on your way forward."

At this point, Zhao Hai paused and then said: "Of course, this does not mean that I agree with those disciples committing suicide at will. Suicide and death in battle are completely different. Suicide will leave a shadow in your heart. This is not a good thing, so this aspect is still not allowed.”

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Some time ago, in order to strengthen the physique of all the disciples, I adopted a method, that is, to let all the disciples share the bloodline of a kind of monster, and use that monster to The blood of your body is integrated into your body, making your body's defense stronger. It will also add new vitality to your body. This is a special method. After using it once, you will be able to use it whenever you want. It is very difficult. After using it a few times, it will be of no use. But as long as you completely digest the blood in your body, your body will not only have new vitality, but also increase its defense. This is for It’s more beneficial to save your lives.”

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai looked at the crowd and said: "I have also seen this battle. To be honest, the defensive power of our Blood Killing Sect's armor is already good, but the enemy's strength is also very strong. Their magic The weapon has a very strong attack power, so it can easily break through our armor. However, our armor still has a good defensive effect. As Wen Yuming said, it is feasible to strengthen the defense in important parts of the armor. But this can only be done. If the defense is strengthened too much, the armor will become heavy and the overall energy of the armor will become less balanced. This is not necessarily a good thing for us. Son, so our defense cannot rely solely on armor, the most important thing actually depends on our bodies."

At this point, Zhao Hai stopped, glanced at the others, and then said in a deep voice: "I don't know if you have noticed something, that is, for all physical practitioners, their bodies age faster than Ordinary monks are much slower. Two people of the same age and similar strength, one is a physical cultivator and the other is an ordinary monk. The physical vigor of a physical cultivator is several times stronger than that of an ordinary monk. If calculated by age. If so, then the physical age of that body cultivator is at least several dozen years younger than that of an ordinary monk, and no one may have noticed this."

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone was stunned. They really didn't think of this, and no one noticed this. Now when they heard Zhao Hai say this, everyone was in an uproar. They knew it all too well. , one person's body is younger than another person's body, what is the concept? Although decades may not be very long for a monk, decades represent infinite possibilities. They know it very well.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and knew that they had understood what he meant. He then said: "Actually, if we really talk about it, the most mysterious thing in this world is the human body. The human body seems to have infinite powers. The potential is the same, but if you stimulate all the potential at once, it is impossible. It will only make your body unable to withstand the stimulation of the outside world and collapse. But if you are a physical practitioner, you will Know how to stimulate your body's potential step by step, so that your body will be younger and more energetic."

"I have said before that the body is our foundation. Today I tell you that every life is not important. This seems to be a contradictory statement, but in fact no one really understands what I mean. The body is the foundation That’s true, but you have to stimulate your body’s potential, and you have to make your body stronger. Only in this way will your body be your foundation. If you don’t do this, then your body will It will only become a drag on you, and the body I am talking about is fundamental, not just your current body. Even if you are resurrected and become a clan of undead, you will still have a body. At that time, your Your body is still your foundation, I think everyone understands what I mean, right?"

Everyone said in unison: "Yes, we understand." They did understand. Zhao Hai's meaning was very clear. The body is the foundation, but it does not mean that your current body must be your foundation. In this way, those disciples who died once in battle really have no hope in the future.

The body is fundamental means that you must constantly stimulate the potential of your body. No matter what your body has become, you must do this, whether your body is the body of the undead clan or a life seed. The transformed body is your foundation. You must stimulate its potential. Only in this way can you truly become a qualified monk.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "If you cherish your body too much, you will become cherishing your life, and if you cherish your life, you will lose your adventurous spirit and your sharpness. Once you lose your sharpness, you will become timid and afraid of getting into trouble. When doing things, you will look forward and backward, and have many worries. This is not necessarily a good thing for monks. Some time ago in our Blood Killing Sect, some disciples had excessive mood swings and even almost developed inner demons. Children's obsessiveness has a lot to do with this, and because they cherish their bodies too much and practice like physical training, they naturally refuse to do so. Not only will this not make their bodies better, but on the contrary Yes, it will make their bodies slowly degrade. If a person's body is completely degraded, even if his mental strength is strong, it will be of no use. The body is the foundation, and it is reflected here. If you Your body has degenerated and died of old age, but your mental power is still strong, but it is still rootless duckweed. This is why the ghost clan must get a body for themselves now. They have discovered that if there is no body, Their practice will encounter more bottlenecks, and it will be very difficult to break through."

Everyone listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly. They really didn't expect that the body was so important to them. The most important thing is that the cherishing of the body that they want is different from the cherishing that Zhao Hai wants. The body is two completely different concepts, and they had all thought it wrong before.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "At the beginning of our training as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, I made it mandatory that everyone must learn the art of physical training. Later, when the bloodline of the monster beast merges with your body, I emphasized this point again, but everyone just rested for a while and then let it go. They didn’t take it too seriously. Today I will say it again here, everyone, every day You must take some time to practice physical training, and you must make your body stronger. Only in this way can you go further."

Everyone responded in unison, and Zhao Hai then said: "I am here to give you an example. Elder Sheng Si, I think everyone knows it, right? He and Elder Ding have now entered the time acceleration area to practice. , Elder Sheng Si is good at spiritual power. He is the Void Condensation Formation Technique. Although he learned it from me, he has now become a master of our Blood Killing Sect. He has made several shots with great power. I think everyone knows it, but I don’t think everyone knows what Sheng Si was like when she was a child, right?"

Everyone nodded in unison. They really didn’t know what Sheng Si was like when he was a child, because Sheng Si and Ding Chunming were really old people who followed Zhao Hai. Except for Laura and the others, they were better than Ding. There are really not many Chunming and Sheng Si who have followed Zhao Hai for a long time. In addition, Sheng Si is Zhao Hai's adopted son and is usually very low-key. Everyone knows that he is powerful and good at using void condensation. Apart from formation skills, we really don’t know much about him.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Sheng Si's mental power is natural, but he can't control it. In addition, he was still young at the time and his body was very weak, so he couldn't withstand his powerful mental power. , so he was sick all year, and some people even thought that he would not live to be fifteen, but I saw his talent exactly. I taught him how to control his mental power and how to cultivate his body. This is how Sheng Si is today.”