c7304 Preaching (2)

Zhao Hai looked at the crowd and then said: "In the final analysis, monks' practice is nothing more than three things. Jing, Qi, Shen. Jing refers to the human body, Qi refers to the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, and Shen refers to people. Three are indispensable for spiritual power. Jing is the foundation, Qi is the energy, and God controls it. This is the most basic principle of monks’ practice. Nowadays, our practice mostly focuses on Qi and God. Instead, we focus on Qi and God. The aspect of Jing is ignored, which is very wrong. Just like when Sheng Si was a child, his Jing was weak and Qi was weak, while Shen was the strongest. In this way, not only would he not live forever, but his life would also be lost. Affected, if you have no essence, the energy will have no place to survive, and the spirit will have no place to attach itself to, and it will naturally dissipate. If you only have essence, no energy, and no spirit, then you are a fool, let alone practicing. , I am afraid that I can only live in the world like wood. The same is true for Qi, which is the foundation. It is the energy absorbed by your body from the outside world and is the foundation of your immortality. However, if the Qi is too strong and the essence is too weak, the Qi will Break through the essence and finally disappear between heaven and earth, and you will naturally die. God is used to control qi. Without the control of gods, qi is just qi. It will not be used by you, then you cannot be considered a person. Monk, by the same token, if you only have God, no essence, and no Qi, then the final result is that you can only become a ghost, not even a ghost as good as the ghost family. If there is a little energy impact, you will be dead. Therefore, essence, energy, and spirit are one in themselves, an essential part of a monk, and cannot be separated."

"The reason why Jing is considered to be the body is mainly because it means the energy of the human body, and the word Jing is also very important. Jing is to allow you to refine your body and make your body become Have more energy, so you can save more energy and bear more gods.”

"The practice of a monk, like the world, requires a kind of balance. If you have a balance between the three elements of essence, energy and spirit, you will be the best monk. If the three are weak and unbalanced, problems will easily occur. If you become obsessed with it, it will be easy. Yes, balance is the greatest principle between heaven and earth, just like Yin and Yang."

Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was listening to Zhao Hai's words quietly. They knew that Zhao Hai was preaching to them in the simplest language. After listening to Zhao Hai's words, they also had a better understanding of the monks. With a new understanding, they are also awakening themselves. They find that their path seems to be really wrong.

Today's monks, ordinary monks, mainly focus on Qi training. Why should they focus on Qi training? Because qi is the spiritual energy that only exists between heaven and earth. You must absorb the spiritual energy into your body before it can be used by you. If you absorb the spiritual energy into your body, you will find that your qi is getting stronger. This is It gives people a motivation to move forward.

Compared with physical and personal mental strength, these two are already present in your body, and it is very difficult to practice. You cannot feel obvious changes, which makes people lose the motivation to practice. With the addition of Qi, it actually has a certain warming and nourishing effect. It has a certain warming and nourishing ability for people's physical and mental strength. It will make your physical and mental strength stronger. This is an ordinary monk. The reason why people generally don’t pay attention to cultivating physical and mental strength.

But physical training is different. They have gone to the other extreme. They mainly focus on physical training, supplemented by Qi training, and seldom train on mental strength. This is also abnormal. Although it will make you Your body becomes stronger, which will stimulate your physical potential, but you don't have enough mental power to unleash all your body's power, and you don't have enough aura to warm and nourish your body. If not, there will be hidden injuries.

There are also some monks who focus on cultivating spiritual power. They feel that the physical body is a cage. As long as a person's spiritual power is strong enough and transcends this cage, he will live forever and live as long as heaven and earth. In fact, this That's not right. How did you generate your spiritual power? It is because you have a body that you can generate mental power. The body is the foundation. If your mental power really transcends your body and is separated from your body, it will only become a pure mass. A spiritual energy body, and such a spiritual energy body still has many enemies. All kinds of energy will cause harm to you. If one of them is not handled well, it will be wiped out. This is also very scary.

As for the elders of the Blood Killing Sect in the main hall, after all, they are all monks, and most of them are ordinary monks. They mainly focus on Qi training, because Qi training can warm and nourish the body and the spirit, and it is also the most suitable path for monks. , so most monks take this life, but it is precisely because of this that people subconsciously ignore the importance of physical and mental strength. This will cause the monks to have two problems during their training. Short board.

Everyone knows that the amount of water a barrel can hold depends not on the longest board, but on the shortest one. If you don't pay attention to physical and mental training, it is equivalent to having two short boards. Board, it’s really hard to say how big the final achievement is. Some of them have been ascended. It can be said that they are the lucky ones. Their physical and mental strength are stronger than others. This is People call talent, but if they want to ascend and improve their strength, it is not enough to just practice Qi. Physical and mental strength must also be cultivated.

Zhao Hai only recently discovered the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. He found that it was already very difficult for the masters of the Blood Killing Sect to make the same progress as before. Then he began to study this matter. Finally, he found out the problem, so he gave this sermon.

In fact, Zhao Hai had never thought of preaching to everyone here, but as he continued to talk, he did not stop and explained all the truth to everyone. Now when he saw that everyone was here Thinking about his words, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "You just need to remember these words. After you go back, you must also practice physical fitness and mental strength. Of course, the focus is still on spiritual energy. Training, it just so happens that the fusion of the bloodline of the monster beast that you performed some time ago has not been completely completed. After a period of training, I believe you can completely integrate the bloodline of the monster beast."

Everyone responded in unison, Zhao Hai looked at everyone, and then said: "What I said today, I will put him in the real illusion. You have to inform the disciples of the sect to take a good look. No matter what race you are from, you must watch and learn, do you understand?"

Everyone agreed again, and Zhao Hai then continued: "Okay, as long as you understand, I won't say more, just go back and prepare, rest for a few days, and then think about the attack, go ahead. "Everyone responded, stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left. Even Wen Wenhai and the others did not stop. They had to go back and study hard.

After everyone returned, they immediately informed all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect about what Zhao Hai had preached, and asked the Blood Killing Sect disciples to enter the real illusion to learn. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard the news, they were all overjoyed. They had not heard Zhao Hai preach for a long time. They all knew that Zhao Hai was the top master of the Blood Killing Sect and was extremely powerful. A master's sermon is really rare for them.

After the disciples heard what Zhao Hai said, many of them immediately began to adjust their training. Most of the disciples added physical training and mental training. Everyone worked very hard. The current ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect worshiped Zhao Hai like a god. Naturally, they would listen to what Zhao Hai said. Therefore, the atmosphere of training in the Blood Killing Sect suddenly became unprecedentedly high.

Regarding this situation, Zhao Hai was happy to see it come to fruition. He had discovered before that there was something wrong with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. First, it was because they were practicing too fast and their character was unstable. Second, because , The long battle has caused some problems in their hearts, and now Zhao Hai is going to use another method to let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect get rid of this psychological shadow.

There are many ways to get rid of the psychological shadow, and now Zhao Hai is using the spirit transfer method. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been fighting for a long time, and the targets of the battle are not ordinary monks, which makes them feel a little stressed. In addition to the rapid increase in strength, there is also a problem with the character, so this situation occurs.

Zhao Hai asked them to focus all their energy on training. The most important thing is physical training. Physical training is very important for a monk. It is even very beneficial for a monk to adjust his mood. Physical training will make people feel better. The Qi and blood are more vigorous, and when the Qi and blood are strong, people's mood will become better, and they will also become more aggressive. By that time, fighting will be nothing to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If they are burdened, on the contrary, they will turn around and ask for a fight, so that they can naturally get rid of their psychological shadow.

Of course, we can't let them continue like this. After a while, Zhao Hai will let Fa Jing increase the speed of his preaching and let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use the contents of the Buddhist scriptures to suppress the hostility in their hearts. In this way They will not have any problems. As long as they pass this level, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can be said to be reborn. Their character has been strengthened and their strength has been strengthened. No matter what they face by then, There is no need to worry about any kind of enemy.

Although Zhao Hai doesn't care much about the specific affairs of the Blood Killing Sect now, everything that happens in the Blood Killing Sect cannot escape his eyes, and any changes in the Blood Killing Sect's disciples are also noticed by him. In his eyes, it was naturally impossible for him to ignore the problems with the Xue Kill Sect's disciples' psyche.

This kind of problem has never occurred in the Blood Killing Sect before. Now so many people have problems. This is a big problem in itself. Zhao Hai also attaches great importance to this matter, so he came up with such a problem. There are many ways to solve this matter. This time he preached, but it was just the beginning. Then he would take a series of actions to allow the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to completely overcome this disaster.