c7308 five step attack

Watching Sun Xingyuan leave, the Snake Demon Prince couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He knew what kind of attitude he should use to treat people, just like how he treated Wu Litian and treated Sun Xingyuan were completely different attitudes, because he knew very well that when he treated someone, Sun Xingyuan, you must be polite, because Sun Xingyuan is the patriarch of the Dixing Yaksha clan. He holds a power that cannot be underestimated. You must be polite when dealing with such people, because even if you are in a high position, you cannot If you offend everyone, you won't get good results.

But Wu Litian is different. Although Wu Litian also has a power in his hand, that power is not very strong. In addition, he returned from defeat, so even if he is not so polite to him, he will not What will people say, because everyone will know that Wu Litian asked for it himself, and will not stand up for Wu Litian. A defeated general has no reason to resist, so the Snake Demon Prince dared to do that to Wu Litian.

The Snake Demon Prince knew the importance of this battle, so he naturally paid more attention to this battle. In fact, when he led the army to establish this defense line here, he also did another thing, that He just studied all the information about the Blood Killing Sect. As long as it was information he could find, he studied it all.

He did this to understand the Blood Killing Sect, to let himself know the Blood Killing Sect better, to know what kind of organization the Blood Killing Sect is, and to know the weaknesses of the Blood Killing Sect, so that he can truly defeat the Blood Killing Sect. It was an opportunity for him, how could he not take it seriously.

Before, he treated Wu Litian and showed disdain for the Blood Killing Sect in front of everyone. It was not because he didn't value the Blood Killing Sect, but for himself. He wanted to use Wu Litian to establish himself. This is the prestige of killing chickens to scare monkeys, and this is what it means.

Looking at the camp of the Blood Killing Sect army in the distance, the Snake Demon Prince was shouting and roaring in his heart. How he wished he could shout out loudly: "Blood Killing Sect, come on, I have been waiting for you for a long time. You are my meritorious deeds." I’ve been waiting for you as a stepping stone, come on.”

It's a pity that he can only shout these words in his heart, but he can't say them out, because if he really says these words, then he, the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces, will be finished. Although he is the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces, don't forget that his status as commander-in-chief was given to him by the emperors. This status is really too important to him, and he cannot give up this status. identity.

After watching the Blood Slaughter Sect's camp for a while, he returned to his room. Although he was very excited, it might be the cold-blooded nature of snakes that kept him calm. He is very clear that the most important thing for him now is to defend well and repel the enemy. As long as he can repel the enemy, then he will have everything. If he cannot defeat the enemy, then all he has before will be lost. All the ideas are useless.

Another day passed. When the general staff put their battle plan on Zhao Hai's desk, the entire Blood Killing Sect in Zhao Hai was ready for battle. Although Zhao Hai was not involved in the specific matters However, he knew everything about the Blood Killing Sect's preparations.

Zhao Hai picked up the battle plan and looked at it carefully. This battle plan is really good and stable. This does not mean that there is nothing outstanding. In fact, this battle plan is very good. Perfect, what is perfection? It's balance. What is balance? It is stable. This battle plan is very balanced, which naturally means it is very stable.

In this battle plan, the attack is divided into several levels. The first step is to use mushrooms to attack. The spores of this mushroom are very small, and the enemy will be hit without knowing it. The most important thing is that he He is also very contagious and has very strong attack power. It can even be said that there is no real nemesis, so using him to attack is the most suitable one.

The second step is to attack Mantianhuo. Now their Mantianhuo has used a new type, which is very powerful. Although the enemy's forbidden air formation will have a certain impact on Mantianhuo's attack, but the impact It's not very big. Attacking with sky-wide fire will still have a certain effect.

The third step is to attack the spiritual plants. These spiritual plants include those spiritual plants such as bread trees and Babel vines. The attack power of these spiritual plants is very powerful, so attacking with spiritual plants can give the enemy another wave of blows. This The three waves of attacks are intended to undermine the enemy's confidence and also to kill the enemy's effective forces on a large scale.

The fourth step is to attack the giant beast. This time the giant beast attacks are completely different from the previous giant beast attacks of the Blood Killing Sect. In the past, in order to paralyze the enemy, the Blood Killing Sect did not attack with the giant beast. They tried their best, so their behemoth attack actually only sent a part of the behemoths. Those stone giant aliens that turned into undead behemoths had never been on the battlefield, which left them with a large number of undead behemoths and ordinary behemoths. None of the monsters have ever been on the battlefield, and the Yaksha clan does not know this.

But this time the Blood Killing Sect will use giant beasts to attack, that is, all the giant beasts, attack together, and must flatten the enemy's defense line. Such an attack will definitely make the Yasha clan drink a pot. Of course, the most important thing is What's more, the Blood Killer Sect will send people to follow those giant beasts, and these people will carry iron balls with them. If the enemy really wants to use the floating island to deal with those giant beasts, then these people will immediately release the iron balls, Come and block those floating islands.

Although the enemy came with a large number of floating islands this time, hundreds of them, the Blood Killing Sect's iron balls were even greater in number. They really didn't believe that they couldn't block the opponent's floating islands with their own iron balls. As long as the opponent's floating island force can be stopped, the Blood Killing Sect will be sure to destroy the enemy.

And in the fifth step, the whole army of the Blood Killing Sect rushed in and wiped out the enemy in one fell swoop. I believe that after the first four steps of attack, by the fifth step, the Blood Killing Sect's army would step forward and almost It's just about cleaning the battlefield. If the Yasha clan can really block the first five rounds of attacks from the Blood Killing Sect, then they will be too powerful.

Of course, in addition to these five attacks, the Blood Killing Sect also has the Sky Swallowing Net's attack. The Sky Swallowing Net's attacks will be released as soon as possible, but now everyone in the Blood Killing Sect also knows that the Sky Swallowing Net's attack It's not that effective. The speed at which they absorb energy is also limited. Especially for large-scale magic circles like the enemy, the speed at which they absorb energy is even slower. Therefore, in actual combat, the Swallowing Sky Network is really It doesn't have much effect.

After reading the battle plan, Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief. Then he turned his head and glanced at Wen Wenhai, Chang Jun and the chief of staff of the general staff standing in front of him. The formation elder was originally just an elder of the Blood Killing Sect. His identity was quite special and he was very benevolent to the Blood Killing Sect. However, he was born as a formation creature, which was quite special. Zhao Hai originally wanted him to join the Gods. Although he is from Jitang, the elder of the formation doesn't like it too much because his current body is already a life seed body, so he is not that interested in the formation.

Later, the Blood Killing Sect established a staff department, and the people in the staff department were mainly responsible for formulating battle plans, and the commanding ability of the leader was very good. When Zhao Hai was in the lower realm, when he fought with others, the leader was just like me. They all led the army alone and blocked one side of the enemy for Zhao Hai, which shows how good his commanding ability is.

So after the establishment of the general staff, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't think of a suitable person to be the chief of staff. In the end, it was Laura who suggested that Mr. Zhen be the chief of staff. That's why Mr. Zhen is now the chief of staff. He is the chief of staff of the Blood Killing Sect. He is considered to be a high-ranking position in the Blood Killing Sect, because the power of the staff department has become more and more powerful.

Zhao Hai looked at the three of them and said with a smile: "Very good, this plan is very good, Mr. Zhen, it seems that you have really put a lot of thought into handing over the staff department to your hands. I'm very relieved, good, very good." Zhao Hai was really satisfied. He really didn't expect that their staff department could make such great progress in such a short period of time. , this is definitely a good thing for him.

Mr. Zhen said with a smile: "Sect master is so polite. This is all the result of the hard work of the disciples below. It's because they did a good job and it really has nothing to do with me." Mr. Zhen's words were very modest. He spent a lot of effort in the staff department, and the achievements of the staff department today are inseparable from him.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "You're welcome, Mr. Zhen, I will record your contribution. Your staff has almost become the officer training base of the Blood Killing Sect. Hahahaha, this is very good. You have done a good job." , Wen Hai, please pass on this battle plan, we can’t let the people of the Yasha clan wait too long.”

Wen Wenhai responded and took the battle plan handed to him by Zhao Hai. Then he said to Zhao Hai: "Boss, if it is possible, then we will attack the Yasha clan tomorrow. What else do you want?" Ordered?" Wen Wenhai really wants to know what Zhao Hai wants to order them. He is really afraid that they will make some mistakes. This battle is also very important for the Blood Killing Sect. Yes, that's why he is so careful.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "I don't have anything to say. Your battle plan is very good and can be carried out. Even if there are any shortcomings, it is not very serious. On the battlefield, everything will be fine." It might happen, just adapt to circumstances when the time comes, and go ahead."

Wen Wenhai responded, then saluted Zhao Hai, followed the other two people and left Zhao Hai's room. He could feel that Zhao Hai was really happy, and seeing Zhao Hai happy, he was also very happy. , because he knew very well that this meant that Zhao Hai completely recognized their battle plan. This was definitely good news for them. It meant that their staff had truly matured. Yes, this has always been what he hoped for. Because the staff department has matured, it means that they may not make any mistakes in command in the future.