c7302 retreat

Although the battle was very fierce, it also gave people a tepid feeling. The most important reason for this contradictory feeling was that the Blood Killing Sect's attack had nothing new, not even There was no intention of strengthening. Even though the Yasha clan's resistance had gradually weakened, they did not increase the intensity of their attack. This method of attack was actually very strange.

Wu Litian watched the Blood Killing Sect's attack. He always felt very strange. He didn't understand why the Blood Killing Sect didn't increase the intensity of its attack. He had been wondering about this before. He was fighting with the Blood Killing Sect before. At that time, we had already seen that the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect were more numerous than them, because the defensive power of the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect was much stronger than theirs. In other words, the Blood Killing Sect was fighting against them. After the giant beast battle, there are still many giant beasts. These giant beasts can be organized by the Blood Killing Sect and attack them. In that case, even if their defense line cannot be completely destroyed, It will cause them to suffer a lot of losses, and at the very least it will mess up their defense line.

But now the Blood Killing Sect has never done this. Their giant beast only participated in the first round of attacks. After the first round of attacks, there was no reaction at all. This makes people feel curious. I don’t know. What are the people of the Blood Killing Sect thinking? Don’t they know that attacking like this is more beneficial to them?

No, they knew, they must have known, but they just didn’t do it, why didn’t they do it? Wu Litian was confused for a moment, but he had been guarding against the Blood Killing Sect's move, but the Blood Killing Sect still hadn't used this move, which made him even more curious.

Now that he saw that the Blood Killing Sect was not very interested in attacking like this, he became even more curious. He really wanted to know what the people of the Blood Killing Sect were thinking and why they did this. But he was curious. Out of curiosity, he couldn't ask the people of the Blood Killing Sect, so he could only keep this idea deep in his heart.

But what makes Wu Litian happy is that today has come to the last day for their defense stipulated by the above. Although the above has not given him a letter yet, Wu Litian also has a glimmer of expectation. He believes that those above will also have some After reacting, whether it is to let him continue to defend or retreat, there should be an order soon.

While thinking about these things, a man suddenly walked up to Wu Litian, saluted Wu Litian and said: "General Wu, the coalition camp has ordered that we can retreat to the Shenyou Defense Line." After that, he stood up. On the side, he looked at Wu Litian motionlessly, obviously he was looking forward to Wu Litian's order.

When Wu Litian heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "Okay, I understand, we will prepare to retreat immediately, you go down." The man responded, then turned and left, and Wu Litian left after he left , immediately gave the order: "Here, here comes the order, the rear team changes to the front team, cover and retreat, quickly."

Someone immediately responded and went to deliver the order. After that person left, Wu Litian couldn't help but smile and said: "God's Blessing Line of Defense? Who named this? It's really interesting." After saying this, he thought The fat cow under his feet also began to slowly retreat.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng also discovered the movement of the Yaksha clan, and the Yaksha clan began to retreat slowly. In the past three days, the Yaksha clan had been retreating, and they had retreated about thirty miles in three days, but this time It was different from before. He could see that the Yaksha clan's army was moving as a whole. This situation was rare.

As soon as they saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng immediately reported the situation. Wen Wenhai and the others also saw this situation clearly. After analysis by the staff department, they all believed that this might be the enemy's retreat. Staff officer The department immediately reported the situation to Wen Wenhai.

After Wen Wenhai heard the news, he was a little surprised, but his reaction was very quick. He immediately told Gu Yuanzheng the news, but at the same time he also told Gu Yuanzheng not to pursue him. If the enemy really wants to If they retreat, just let them retreat and don't pursue them desperately.

Gu Yuanzheng also understood what Wen Wenhai meant. The other party was originally trying to block them and prevent them from moving forward. Now that the other party is retreating, it means that the arrangement behind the other party has been completed, and there is no need to block them here. , if they attack at this time, the other party may fight them in turn, which is meaningless. Anyway, even if these people retreat in the end, they will join the main army of the Yasha clan and fight them decisively. Then we might as well clean it up together then. There is no need to take risks now.

Gu Yuanzheng was also very thorough. He directly gave orders to the Blood Killing Sect army on the front line, telling them not to pursue them and just rest where they were. The disciples who had been killed in the Blood Killing were really tired these days, although they were all I have been taking turns to take a break, but after these days, everyone's energy has been broken. Now it is natural to feel very hard. Now that I heard that I can take a break, I naturally relaxed and suddenly felt as if I was tired. At the end of their rope, they all stood there, breathing heavily, looking at the Yasha clan who were gradually retreating, with a hint of murderous intent in their eyes.

Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel a little tired, this does not mean that they want to let go of the Yaksha clan. Those Yaksha killed many of them, and they have to avenge this. But before that, they They need to take a good rest, they are really exhausted these days.

Wu Litian was still afraid that the Blood Killing Sect would chase them from behind. Now that he saw that the Blood Killing Sect had no intention of chasing them, he couldn't help but breathed a sigh of relief. However, he also became more curious at the same time. He couldn't understand why the Blood Killing Sect didn't pursue them. Chasing, he couldn't help but look at the Blood Killing Sect's army in a daze.

As soon as he saw the Blood Killing Sect's army, they began to organize their troops, and then slowly retreated. Wu Litian was even more stunned, and then his face suddenly changed, and then he couldn't help but murmured: "Could it be said that the Blood Killing Sect These guys know our purpose, and they are just waiting for us to retreat and then fight with our main force?"

The more he thought about it, the more it made sense, and Wu Litian's face became more and more ugly. He looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect and murmured: "If this is really the case, then the current reaction of the Blood Killing Sect is understandable. Well, they just let us go on purpose, which means they are going to save all their power for the official decisive battle?" When he thought of this, Wu Litian's face couldn't help but look even more ugly.

He could tell from the fighting style of the Blood Killing Sect that the Blood Killing Sect was very powerful, and the most important thing was that the Blood Killing Sect was very careful, and they took every step very steadily. , make a decision before taking action, and action will lead to success. This is also the style of the Blood Killing Sect. That is to say, if the Blood Killing Sect is not moving now and is preparing to wait until the final battle, it means that they have already dealt with it. The Yaksha clan is sure.

Thinking of this, Wu Litian's face couldn't help but become even more ugly. He murmured: "Come on, the most important thing is to fight for your life. I really want to see how many lives your blood-killing sect can fight for." Then he directly said He ordered: "Attention, the whole army, speed up." Originally, he was prepared to leave some people behind if the people of the Blood Killing Sect pursued with all their might, but now it seems that there is no need for that. Just speed up and leave.

After Wu Litian and others left, almost all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect returned to the Xuanwu Space. Wen Wenhai directly ordered the entire army to rest for ten days. During these ten days, they would only defend and not attack, so that everyone could rest assured. , this order also won the cheers of the Blood Killing Sect.

After settling the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Wen Wenhai and the others came to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect. This time Zhao Hai also came to the hall and sat on the main seat. After everyone arrived, Zhao Hai Turning to Wen Wenhai and nodding, Wen Wenhai stood up and said to everyone: "This war is over, let's conduct a post-war summary. Lao Gu, first talk about the losses this time. Whatever the situation is, the situation of destroying the enemy must also be well explained."

Gu Yuanzheng responded, stood up, and said to everyone: "This time we have lost nearly one billion disciples. The loss is not small. Those guys from the Yasha clan have very strong attack power. It is normal for us to have these losses." Yes, as for enemies, from the time they fought with us until now, they have lost about 4 billion people, which is more than four times our number. When they originally fought against us, their number was more than 10 billion, but now they only have 10 billion people. With less than six billion left, you can say we have a big victory.”

Everyone nodded, but there was no happy look on their faces. In their opinion, it was normal for them to win, but it would be abnormal if they lost. Because of this, That's why each of them looked so calm.

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and asked Gu Yuanzheng to sit down, and then he said: "To be honest, our loss this time is really beyond my expectation. I really didn't expect that we would actually lose something." Being so big, this reminds us that our armor’s defense still needs to be strengthened.”

Everyone nodded. The amount of losses this time was beyond their expectations. They also did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would lose so much this time, nearly a billion losses. Such a quantity was really something they had never had. What comes to mind is that they are all wearing armor. Now it seems that the defense of their armor should really be strengthened.

At this time, Wen Yuming stood up and spoke to Wen Wenhai and Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, Elder Wen, our Shenji Hall has made some new breakthroughs recently. We found that in some key parts of our armor, By carrying out some key strengthening, the casualties of our disciples will be greatly reduced, and we already have a plan. After the meeting, I will submit the plan." Although Wen Yuming is no longer the leader of Shenji Hall, He is still a core elder and has a very high status. Of course, he is qualified to participate in a meeting like this.