c7309 attack

The sound of horns sounded, and the Blood Killing Sect's army began to gather. Although the Blood Killing Sect can now convey orders to every disciple, drums and trumpets are usually used when gathering and attacking. , because using drums and trumpets can boost morale even more, which is very important for the army.

The Blood Killing Sect's drum and horn sounds all have their own system. Originally they still had flag language, but since the formation of the communication circle, the flag language has been slowly eliminated, but the drum and horn sound has its own system. It has been preserved. The sound of the horn has different tunes. Each different tune represents the same meaning. Therefore, the sound of the horn is very important to the Blood Killing Sect. What is being blown now is the assembly horn. Everyone Naturally, they have to gather together.

Corresponding to the assembly horn, there are charge horns, retreat horns, etc., and drums are also very important. Different drum beats also have different meanings, including marching drums, marching drums, formation drums, etc. This trumpet Both drums and drums are specially made and are magic weapons. When commanding disciples, this drum does not have much power. It only allows the disciples to hear the sound of the drum. However, if it is used against the enemy, this drum will not be very powerful. Drums can also be used as a sonic attack weapon.

The same goes for the trumpet. The sound of the trumpet can also be used to command the army and attack the enemy. However, under normal circumstances, drums and trumpets are not used to attack because there is no need for it, so now the drums and trumpets are also used. It is only used to command the army, and is not used much in other aspects.

After the bugle sounded, the drums sounded again and again. After the drums sounded one hundred and eight times, all armies must complete the assembly. If any army has not completed the assembly, the commander of that army must , but will be punished, so the sound of drums and horns is very important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

After the drums sounded one hundred and eight times, the blood-killing sect's army had already assembled. After the blood-killing sect's army had assembled, the frontline commander Gu Yuanzheng immediately gave the order to advance. Their advance was At that time, the giant beast was still in front and the army was behind. It looked no different from the original attack formation of the Blood Killing Sect.

And since they had made such a big noise here, it was naturally impossible to hide it from the yakshas. The yakshas immediately reported the situation to the snake demon prince. The snake demon prince came to the city wall of his floating island and saw. As the blood-killing sect's army quickly assembled, he couldn't help but snorted coldly and said: "Sure enough, we haven't waited too long, so come on. I really want to see how much you are capable of. Come here." , send the order, the whole army is on alert and ready to fight." Immediately, a messenger came to pass on his order.

The Yaksha clan also uses drums and trumpets when delivering orders, but it is not the same as the Blood Killing Sect, but the meaning is roughly the same. The Yaksha clan has actually discovered this situation a long time ago, and all armies are well prepared. They were fully prepared before the snake demon prince's order came down.

The Blood Killing Sect's army just stopped after advancing for a while. Then some Blood Killing Sect disciples jumped out from the giant beasts and jumped on the backs of the giant beasts. As soon as their hands moved, a breeze came from their hands. Countless mushroom spores followed this breeze and blew directly to the Yaksha clan. This breeze was not a magical attack, so the people of the Yaksha clan You won't feel it.

The Snake Demon Prince was still standing on the city wall, looking in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect's army. Now when he saw the Blood Killing Sect's army suddenly stopped, he couldn't help but be stunned. He didn't know what the Blood Killing Sect's people were talking about. However, he did not give any orders. The people of the Blood Killing Sect stopped. They could not attack first. If they attacked, it would be equivalent to leaving the defense line and city wall they had built to fight the enemy. , that would be equivalent to using one's own shortcomings to attack the enemy's strengths.

At this time, some Yashas on the front line of the Yasha clan suddenly felt that something was wrong with their bodies. When they looked down, they found black mushrooms emerging from their bodies at some point. , just when they were curious, their vision went dark and they knew nothing. But in the eyes of others, they turned into a black smoke and disappeared, and the black mushroom also disappeared. It turned into black smoke and disappeared. If you weren't paying attention, you wouldn't have seen those mushrooms at all.

After those people died, other people slowly discovered that mushrooms grew on their bodies, and then they turned into black smoke and disappeared. The people of the Yasha clan immediately discovered something was wrong, and they also saw those Mushrooms grow on people, but those mushrooms grow too fast. From the time they grow to the time the person dies, it only takes two breaths. Even if they want to react, it is too late.

But what really made the Yaksha clan notice those mushrooms was the city wall. Mushrooms actually grew on the city wall. Looking at the black and shiny mushrooms, those of the Yaksha clan, if they still If they don’t know what’s going on, then they are fools.

Although they discovered it, they had no idea what to do. Those mushrooms grew very fast. Many people didn't even know they had mushrooms on their bodies, because when these mushrooms grew out, it really didn't hurt or hurt. Itchy, without any reaction. When the mushrooms grew, they found it was too late, and there was no reaction at all, and they died directly.

The people of the Yasha clan also discovered that the mushrooms started to grow from the front line and continued to grow backwards. This made the people of the Yasha clan unconsciously move back. They all knew how scary these mushrooms were and naturally wanted to stay away. It was dangerous, so the defense line of the entire Yasha clan suddenly became chaotic.

Some strong men of the Yasha clan wanted to stabilize the situation. When they rushed to the front line, they were also hit by that kind of mushroom. By the time they found out, it was already too late. Although they were better than those ordinary Yaksha persisted a little longer, but not too long. This was another huge blow to the Yaksha clan. They discovered that even the masters could not escape the poisonous hands of those mushrooms, let alone They said that, so they retreated faster, and the formation naturally became more chaotic.

The people of the Yasha clan now also know that those mushrooms must have been made by the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, why didn't they appear earlier or later? When the Blood Killing Sect began to attack, those mushrooms appeared. It would be an idiot to say that this matter has nothing to do with the people of the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, the Sky-Fires of the Blood Killing Sect were also activated. One after another, the Sky-Fires attacked the Yaksha clan's army. Although these Sky-Fires were also affected by the Forbidden Sky Array, they still Falling into the formation of the Yaksha army, when these sky-filled fires began to explode, all the people of the Yaksha clan were blinded. Some people of the Yaksha clan had seen this kind of explosion. It was their trap formation. How could the explosion effect explode in their formation now? What the hell is going on? Didn't the enemy's sky-wide fire explode like this?

The Snake Demon Prince is now standing on the wall of his floating island with a pale face. He was really stunned by the Blood Killing Sect's attack. He never thought that the Blood Killing Sect's attack would be like this. Violent, those mushrooms, coupled with these sky-filled fires, such an attack was something he had never seen before, how could he not be surprised.

In fact, now he can't think of any way to deal with the Blood Killing Sect's attack, because he doesn't know how to give orders at all. He doesn't know what kind of orders he should give, so he can only stand there blankly, with a look on his face. I watched palely as the sky-full of fire exploded among their army, and I saw each and every Yaksha dying in the hands of that kind of mushroom.

"What are you doing? Give me the order." An angry voice suddenly came. The Snake Demon Prince was startled. He turned around and found that the speaker was Wu Litian. At this time, Wu Litian was looking at him with an angry face. As soon as he saw him turning his head, Wu Litian shouted loudly: "What are you looking at? Give me an order, let all the disciples release their magic weapons to block the attacks of those magic weapons, and let the people on the second line of the front line immediately activate the back-breaking magic circle to attack. Charge forward, kill all the people in front, and at the same time increase the distance from the army behind, see if this can stop the spread of those mushrooms, hurry, otherwise it will be too late."

The Snake Demon Prince came to his senses immediately. He nodded immediately, and then said loudly: "Yes, yes, hurry up, send the order, everyone releases magic weapons to block the attacks of those magic weapons in the sky, and pay attention to adjusting the forbidden air formation." , fight against those magic weapons in the sky, and order the people on the second line to cut off their backs and rush forward. All those who stand in front of them, whether they are enemies or their own people, will be killed, quickly." The Snake Demon Prince is also a veteran general, When Wu Litian shouted this, he came to his senses immediately and immediately began to give orders, and the orders were quite accurate.

But at this time, the Blood Killing Sect's army began to make assumptions again. They advanced steadily and soon arrived under the city wall of the Yaksha Clan. As soon as they saw the city wall of the Yaksha Clan and the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Clan, they immediately Knocked down those city walls. Those city walls were covered with black mushrooms. Although they were still standing there, they were completely destroyed. As long as they were touched, they would fall down directly, and they would not do anything at all. It works, but it's worse than paper.

The people of the Blood Killing Sect didn't expect that the power of the mushroom would be so great. When the mushroom exploded before, they saw a black smoke lingering among the Yaksha clan's army, making it impossible to see them clearly. The appearance of a large army, and everyone in the Blood Killing Sect knew that the black smoke was the black smoke left behind after the death of the Yaksha clan. From the scale of the black smoke, it can be seen that the Yaksha clan's army would suffer huge losses. It will be small.

After the people of the Blood Killing Sect pushed down the city wall, they then drove towards the army of the Yaksha Clan. Their speed was not very fast, because it was not yet time for them to charge, so they were not in a hurry. The Yaksha Clan was still being attacked by those Naturally, they don't have to worry about the mushroom attack.