c7306 rebuke

Zhao Hai listened to everyone's speeches and nodded from time to time. Although everyone's speeches were nothing new, wars are sometimes like this. One side is strong and has good equipment, so it can crush the other side. The advantage of this method is that the party with the advantage does not need to use excessive tactics at all, and can just fight directly.

Now the Blood Killing Sect is completely dominant. Of course, the enemy does not know this. This is actually a kind of strategy. Therefore, when the Blood Killing Sect faces the Yaksha clan, it does not need to be too subtle. It is just a simple plan. If they use a combination of punches, I believe the Yasha clan won't be able to stop their attack.

After listening to the speeches of a few more people, Zhao Hai discovered that everyone in the Blood Killing Sect had now considered the problem very comprehensively. Some people proposed some possible dangers, some proposed solutions, and the staff on the side kept thinking. Recording, finally, two hours later, everyone had finished speaking.

Only then did Wen Wenhai stand up again, looked at the crowd and said, "Everyone's speeches were very good. Everyone put forward their own ideas. I think so, staff, you must come up with them as soon as possible." The plan is here, we need to review it, and as long as there are no problems with your battle plan, then we can attack."

The staff officer quickly stood up and responded. Wen Wenhai then turned to Zhao Hai and said, "Boss, do you think you have anything else to give me?" Wen Wenhai knew that in the Blood Killing Sect, what was truly said was The final decision was still made by Zhao Hai, so in the end he still had to ask Zhao Hai to see if he had any instructions.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "No, you did a good job. To be honest, I really didn't expect that your progress would be so fast. I'm really happy. Really, you did a really good job. From you, I see the progress of our Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect is not just mine, but also the Blood Killing Sect of all of you. Only when we all work together can our Blood Killing Sect become better. better."

Everyone stood up and responded in unison. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "Okay, I won't say much else. You all go down and prepare. After the battle plan is made, show it to me." That’s it, let’s all go down.” Everyone responded in unison, then turned and left.

And just when the Blood Killing Sect was holding a war meeting, the Yasha clan was also holding a war meeting, but his war meeting was not as harmonious as the Blood Killing Sect. On a floating island of the Yaksha clan, there is a main hall. Now in this hall, many Yakshas are sitting there. On the main seat, there is a Yaksha who looks young and big. This Yaksha looks very tall. He is thin, but on his body, there is a snake's head, and under the snake's head, there is a long neck, which makes him look very weird.

There is always a cold light shining in his snake eyes. This man is also very famous among the Yaksha clan. He is a prince of the Snake Demon Kingdom among the Yaksha clan, and his position as a prince is, However, he relied on his own strength to defeat the Snake Demon King. He and the current Snake Demon King of the Snake Demon Kingdom were originally superiors and subordinates. When he started from the Snake Demon King, he has been following the Snake Demon Emperor and is loyal. In addition, he is also very good at commanding and fighting. He is a famous general among the Yasha clan, so he has won the trust of the Snake Demon Emperor.

After the Snake Demon Emperor became an empress, he was given the position of prince, so now everyone calls him the Snake Demon Prince. After he got the position of prince, he did not show any pride at all. He has always been very proud. He is very low-key and obeys the advice of the Snake Demon Emperor, so his status in the Snake Demon Kingdom is very high.

This time the Yaksha clan wants to build its own defense line and gather the strength of the whole clan to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. Among the entire Yaksha clan, the most famous generals, Xie Gufang, were defeated before, Wu Litian was also defeated, and because of several other The emperor, all thought that they had been tricked by the Lion Heart Emperor, and naturally it was impossible to give up the position of commander-in-chief of the coalition forces to Wu Litian, so they finally selected the Snake Demon Prince as the commander-in-chief.

The Snake Demon Prince sat on the main seat, looking at everyone with cold eyes, and then said in a hoarse voice: "General Wu, please tell us in detail about your battle with the Blood Killing Sect. Why are so many of you still defeated, and the defeat was so miserable? Billions of people were lost at once, and even General Xie Gufang died in the battle. Is it true that the strength of the Blood Killing Sect is there? Is it that strong?”

The Snake Demon Prince has never fought with the Blood Killing Clan, or even met the Blood Killing Clan, so he doesn’t know much about the Blood Killing Clan. Now, although the Blood Killing Clan’s people have reached their Outside the defense line, he also saw the Blood Killing Sect's army, but he didn't feel anything special. Although the Blood Killing Sect's number was not large, it didn't look like many, and after they came here, He did not take the initiative to attack, but started to defend first. This made the Snake Demon Prince look down upon the people of the Blood Killing Sect.

When the Snake Demon Prince fights against the enemy, he is a general who likes to use tricks, so in his opinion, tactics are far more important than strength, so when he sees the people of the Blood Killing Sect, he is so bold The army came over. After arriving here, not only did they not attack them, but they defended them first. He had already underestimated the Blood Killing Sect.

Wu Litian also knew that the Snake Demon Prince was arrogant and arrogant. He did not pay attention to the Snake Demon Prince's tone. Instead, he responded, and then explained in great detail the situation of their battle with the Blood Killing Sect. He waited until the end and then said: "The Blood Killing Sect is very strong. Now their army has arrived. Although their army does not seem to be very large, these people are not all of them. In fact, the Blood Killing Sect There are a lot of people, but they have a lot of inner space magic arrays, and their disciples all stay in those magic weapons. They will not come out until the battle, so the people we see now will so little."

When the Snake Demon Prince heard what he said, he was slightly startled. Then he looked at Wu Litian and said, "You mean, you were suppressed and beaten by the Blood Killing Sect and ended up losing so many people?" From the Demon Prince's point of view, Wu Litian's command can be said to be useless, without any technical content, so he said this.

When Wu Litian heard what the Snake Demon Prince said, his expression changed slightly. Then he looked at the Snake Demon Prince and said, "Your Excellency, you must know that the strength of the Blood Killing Sect is not that simple. We are fighting against the Blood Killing Sect. , they almost never take advantage, you will know how strong they are when you play against them."

Wu Litian was already a little angry, because he could tell that the Snake Demon Prince seemed to be very disdainful of their command. To say this, he could accept it. It was not a big deal. For the sake of the overall situation, he could not care less. This bit of irony from the Snake Demon Prince.

But what made Wu Litian really angry was that the Snake Demon Prince did not show any sorrow for those sacrificed yakshas. In his opinion, those sacrificed yakshas seemed to be insignificant at all, especially the death of Xie Gufang. He didn't seem to care very much, he couldn't accept this.

Wu Litian and Xie Gufang fought together against the Blood Killing Sect's attack. He knew very well the circumstances under which Xie Gufang made the sacrifice. He also knew why Xie Gufang did this. After all, Xie Gufang It was for the sake of the entire Yasha clan that he sacrificed his life. Wu Litian could not allow anyone to desecrate Xie Gufang's death.

It is precisely because of this that Wu Litian said that, and his tone was already very rude. Although the Snake Demon Prince is the commander-in-chief of this coalition, Wu Litian represents the Lion Heart Kingdom here. , his status is not low, even if he contradicts the Snake Demon Prince, the Snake Demon Prince can't do anything to him.

The Snake Demon Prince also felt that Wu Litian seemed a little angry, but he didn't care. Instead, he looked at Wu Litian and said, "General Wu, are you dissatisfied with anything? Your previous command was simply full of mistakes. It's extremely rigid. Under this situation, you have lost so many people from our Yasha clan, are you still reasonable? I ask you, why didn't you send out partial troops at that time and teleport to several other directions through the teleportation array? Then from there, launch an attack on the Blood Killing Sect's base, so that the Blood Killing Sect's army can be absorbed for defense. The pressure on the frontal battlefield will be much less, and your sacrifices will not be so many. Why didn't you do this? Isn’t it stupid?”

"Nonsense, what do you know? Have you ever fought against people from the Blood Killing Clan? You are just talking nonsense here. If the Blood Killing Sect is so easy to deal with, do you still need us to use the strength of the entire clan to deal with it? Do you think we Didn't you think of this method at the beginning? Do you think the people of the Blood Killing Sect are fools? Let me tell you, the people of the Blood Killing Sect are very smart. They are extremely powerful. They have already done well in other aspects. Without defense, our attack will be of no use at all. Instead, it will disperse our troops. Don’t think that you have commanded people to fight. We have also commanded people to fight. Don’t we understand these things?” Wu Lizhen said He was so angry that the Snake Demon Prince would actually say this. This was completely treating them as fools. How could he bear it?

The Snake Demon Prince looked at the excited Wu Litian and sneered: "I said you are stupid, but you still don't admit it. The Blood Killing Sect is very strong, but can they be stronger than our trap array? What? Killed by blood Zong broke the trap formation once, so you don’t dare to fight against the Blood Killing Sect? Don’t you even dare to use the trap formation? Haven’t you ever thought that this is exactly what the Blood Killing Sect wants to achieve? On the huge battlefield where the two sides are fighting, do the people of the Blood Killing Sect still have the ability to find traps? And do you think that the Blood Killing Sect has deployed traps and traps everywhere in their entire base? Array? The trap array is useless on the frontal battlefield. We can use it in other places. It can still deal with the Blood Killing Sect, and the effect may even be better."