c7305 Meeting

Disaster! It is a widely circulated saying in the world of cultivation. A monk will encounter many tribulations in his life, and inner demons are just one of them. What the Blood Killing Sect encountered this time can also be regarded as a kind of inner demon tribulation. , but this time the inner demon tribulation is a group one. It can be said that because the Blood Killing Sect did not ascend through normal methods, they were just riding on Zhao Hai's coattails, so they did not ascend. After that level of calamity, and after ascension, because of Zhao Hai's care, the appearance of external avatars, and various techniques, their strength improved very quickly, and these things added together, This disaster slowly formed.

Zhao Hai didn't notice it at first, and he didn't think it was a disaster, but later he discovered that so many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had mental problems, and Zhao Hai realized that things would not be that simple. , after deducing, he finally discovered that this was a catastrophe, a large-scale catastrophe.

And a tribulation like this one is actually the most difficult to deal with, because it is very large, and most importantly, he cannot directly tell the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect that you are now going through a tribulation. If he really said , with the current unstable mentality of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, he really didn’t know what would happen, so he could only prepare slowly and secretly help the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to survive this disaster.

This sermon is a start, and the effect seems to be very good. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are now practicing. Because of their training, they have got rid of the shadow of the previous war. Among the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they have There was already a trace of war-weariness, but now this emotion has slowly disappeared.

Ten days later, the emotions of the Blood Killing Sect disciples had all stabilized. Zhao Hai directly gave an order to Wen Wenhai, asking Wen Wenhai to order the Blood Killing Sect to start advancing, but not too fast, and only move forward every day. About two hundred miles away, I also want to tell the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect that war is a kind of training. Don't treat war simply as war, but treat war as a training process.

They only advance two hundred miles a day, which is really too easy for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They have also accepted that war is a kind of training. Now they really want to go faster and compete with The Yasha clan fought, but Zhao Hai was not in a hurry. He only traveled two hundred miles every day, while their enemies were thousands of miles away.

After walking like this for about five days, they finally saw the enemy, the army of the Yaksha clan. As soon as they saw the big country of the Yaksha clan, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew that this was another tough battle, because now they were in front of them , is a very complete line of defense. It can be seen at a glance that this line of defense is carefully arranged by the Yasha clan.

There must be a forbidden air formation here. This is certain, because they saw that there was nothing flying at all here in this defense line, and a city wall was built here. The most important thing is that inside this defense line , there are actually floating islands, but those floating islands have also fallen down. From a distance, they look like hills.

Once they saw the enemy's arrangement, Wen Wenhai and the others were no longer anxious. They also began to slowly arrange their own defense lines, building the defensive array that killed Zongji all the way up to here, the Five Elements Killing Array, then The gray light shield was also raised, protecting all the people of the Blood Killing Sect inside.

The Blood Killing Sect was not in a hurry to attack. Wen Wenhai called everyone to the main hall at one time and prepared to discuss it carefully to see what kind of attack method would be better. They were not prepared to attack on this line of defense. A long-term fight with the Yasha clan. If he really did that, the consequences would be very serious.

Now the emotions of the Blood Killing Sect disciples have just stabilized, but they are not very stable yet. If they are allowed to experience too fierce a battle at this time, their emotions may be destroyed again, which would not be good. , so Wen Wenhai is not prepared to have a long and too fierce battle with the Yasha clan.

Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have accepted that war is also a kind of training, which will help them survive this disaster, if they are allowed to experience too difficult a battle, their war-weariness may He will be aroused again, and by that time, it will be even more difficult to control.

In other words, now that the Blood Killing Sect has released the saying that war is also a kind of training, it is actually to help the Blood Killing Sect’s disciples survive this disaster. It is not really intended to make them fight too hard. This battle is also Zhao Hai's plan. Zhao Hai has even made preparations. If necessary, he can take action himself, but this battle must be resolved as soon as possible.

Zhao Hai also participated in this meeting. When he arrived at the main hall, almost all the other core elders had arrived. As soon as they saw Zhao Hai coming, everyone stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hands and looked at everyone and said : "No need to be so polite. Everyone, please sit down. Wen Hai, you will still be in charge of the meeting. Let's get started."

Wen Wenhai responded, and then he waited until Zhao Hai sat down on the main seat, and then he said to everyone: "The main reason for calling everyone here this time is to discuss how to deal with the Yasha clan. If you have any ideas for the army, please tell us all. Today I have invited people from the staff department. They will summarize everyone’s ideas and then produce a complete combat report." As he spoke, Wen Wenhai pointed to the side of the main hall. Beside the main hall, several monks were sitting there. As soon as they saw Wen Wenhai pointing at them, they immediately rushed up and saluted Zhao Hai and everyone. These monks are the staff officers in the staff department.

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and asked a few people to sit down. Then he continued: "You don't have to worry about anything. Just say whatever you have. Come on, let's talk about it." After that, Wen Wenhai sat down. Come down and wait for everyone to speak. This time, because it is a battle meeting, everyone can speak. Even if you are wrong or the plan you said will not be adopted, it does not matter. In the Blood Killing Sect, The atmosphere is still very open.

At this time, an elder stood up and said in a deep voice: "Then let me throw some light on the matter first. Let me first say that this battle requires fastness, as soon as possible, and a beautiful solution to the battle, and let those disciples know , it turns out that war is really just a kind of training, am I right?"

Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai both nodded, and the elder then continued: "Then let's stop being polite and use all our strength and all the moves we can use, but Similarly, I found that we may also have a problem that needs to be solved, and that is the enemy's floating island."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, and then said: "I took a special look before. Although the enemy's floating islands have all fallen to the ground, they have not fallen to the ground. The gap between the floating islands and the ground There are still a few meters away. If all the floating islands fall to the ground, it goes without saying that they will have to stop there and have no way to participate in the battle, but now they have not completely fallen to the ground. , there is still some distance from the ground, that is to say, the floating island can be attacked, and I think everyone knows what the floating island looks like when attacked, so this is something we must pay special attention to. Son, I'm done." After saying that, he saluted Zhao Hai and then sat down.

As soon as he sat down, another elder stood up. He said in a deep voice: "Although Floating Island can be attacked now, I don't think we need to pay too much attention. There are two reasons. One is because Floating Island In its current position, this floating island is behind the enemy's defense line. In front of the enemy's defense line, there is a city wall. The height of the city wall is twenty feet. It is obvious at a glance that the enemy has spent a lot of effort to achieve this. They will not be willing to destroy what is built, so when they first attack, they probably will not use the floating island to attack. The second point is that we almost missed the floating island the first time we faced it. After suffering a loss, we have already thought of a way to deal with the floating island. I think everyone knows this. We have made a lot of metal balls. Although those metal balls can't help flying now, but let them roll, the impact The power will not be small, and the power of the floating island comes from those eight-legged cows. As long as the eight-legged cow is lost, the floating island will not be able to carry out a long-term attack relying on inertia. We only need to After using those metal balls and destroying those eight-legged cows, the floating island shouldn't be a problem." After saying that, he also bowed to Zhao Hai and then sat down.

However, everyone felt that what he said was very reasonable. The Blood Killer Sect had prepared a lot of metal balls before, just to deal with the floating islands. If the enemy really used the floating islands to attack them, then they could use metal balls Use the ball to deal with the floating island. I believe that the floating island can be blocked.

At this time, Bai Yan stood up and said in a deep voice: "Actually, I don't think we need to go to so much trouble. Let's not forget the mushrooms that Elder Hu and the others made. The power of those mushrooms is very huge. We should have done it early." I just want to use this mushroom to deal with those yakshas. This kind of mushroom can not only deal with yakshas, ​​but also those eight-legged cows and fat cows. Moreover, the attack power of this mushroom is very powerful. In my opinion, this Growing mushrooms is not like a plant, but like a curse. I think if we use this kind of mushroom to attack directly, the enemy's defense line will be in chaos. When the time comes, our army will press forward and we should be able to defeat the enemy. Get rid of them. If these mushrooms are really as powerful as Elder Hu said, then it’s hard to say how many of the Yaksha clan’s army in front of us can survive, let alone others.” After saying that, he also saluted Zhao Hai and then sat down.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and at this time Gu Yuanzheng also stood up, and he said: "Elder Bai is absolutely right, but we must also be prepared for a war, and we cannot put all our hopes on mushrooms. , attack with mushrooms, then attack with giant beasts, then follow up with the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and finally our Blood Killing Sect’s army will push over, so we should be able to finish off the enemy.”