c7300 remind

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Yes, now that the battle has reached this point, we really don't need to use any special methods. We can just attack directly. I think it's good, what about you? Do you all think so?" Zhao Hai said this to others, and everyone else responded.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, it seems that you guys have taken the word stability to the extreme, so I can rest assured. Okay, I won't care about the things here. If there is anything, If you need my help, please come to me, I'm leaving." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared directly into the hall.

As soon as they saw Zhao Hai leaving, everyone couldn't help being stunned, and then they couldn't help but smile bitterly. Wen Wenhai stood up, turned to look at everyone, and said in a deep voice: "The boss came out this time, I think the main thing is to let him go." We must be stable, because he is afraid that we will get anxious if we fight with the Yasha clan for so long, so he came out to remind us, and now that he sees that we can remain so stable, he is relieved."

Everyone nodded. Zhao Hai came out very suddenly this time. Everyone didn't quite understand what Zhao Hai meant. Because even though Zhao Hai came out, he didn't say a few words. That's why they were puzzled. They didn't know what Zhao Hai meant. What did Hai want to do? Now that they heard what Wen Wenhai said, they understood what Zhao Hai meant and couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I told you to rest for a day and then attack. Everyone should go back and have a rest. Don't forget what the leader said. It must be stable, so don't be anxious. Do you understand? ?" Everyone responded in unison, then stood up, turned around and left.

When everyone left, Wen Wenhai sighed softly. Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "What? Are you still feeling something in your heart? I think the sect master came out this time not just to remind us that we must Stable, but also for the two of us, he probably doesn’t want us to fight against the masters of the Yasha clan, right?”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, the boss doesn't want the two of us to take action and fight against the masters of the Yasha clan. After all, it is also dangerous. Our current identities are indeed not suitable. Taking risks in that situation, after all, if something happens to the two of us, it will affect not only the two of us, but also the morale of our entire Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, the leader should also have another idea. That means we two should not take those Yakshas too seriously."

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, and then he came to his senses immediately. He turned to look at Wen Wenhai and said: "You mean, the sect leader is worried about the two of us and treats the people of the Yasha clan as a race. Will you feel unbearable? Will it affect our next actions? But this is what you mean? "

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, that's what it means. The boss is afraid that we will have inner demons. Our strength has improved very quickly recently. Although this is because of the skills, the rapid improvement of strength also requires a state of mind. You have to keep up. If you can't keep up, it will be easy to have inner demons. The boss is worried about this, so he came to us. Do you understand now?"

Chang Jun nodded and said: "I understand, I completely understand. It's because the sect master has considered it carefully. So what do we do next?" Chang Jun said it relaxedly, but he was actually very nervous. He knew very well that Zhao Hai would not do this for no reason. Now that Zhao Hai has done this, it can only mean that Zhao Hai saw something, so he did this, so he is so nervous. .

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "You don't have to do anything. Just do what you did before, and do what you do next. The state of mind also needs to be tempered. We just need to pay more attention to it. Okay, that's it, let's go and rest." Take a moment and prepare for the next battle." After that, he led Chang Jun outside.

At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting in his room, watching everything outside. He heard everything Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun said while sleeping. When he heard what the two said, Zhao Hai couldn't help but reveal his emotions. With a smile on his face, he turned to Laura and said: "Wenhai, this kid, is really getting smarter and smarter now. This makes them think that the strength of our Blood Killing Sect has improved very quickly recently, but our mental state is not complete. After adjusting, it is easy to appear. The mood swings of those disciples before were also caused by this, so we must be more careful. If even masters like Wen Hai and others are affected by this, then it will be terrible. It was bad, so I reminded them, but I didn’t expect him to figure it out so quickly. It seems that I really don’t have anything to worry about.”

Laura smiled and said: "Wen Hai has been following you for so long. If he can't even guess this, then he has followed you in vain. Okay, don't think so much. Wen Hai's strength is there. He Nothing will happen, let’s go and have a good rest before we talk.”

Zhao Hai nodded. Although he is not practicing so hard now, he has never given up on turning all the formation talismans in his body into round formations, so he is not idle either. In fact He is really busy now, because understanding the way of heaven is not an easy task in the first place.

At this time, Wu Litian was standing on the back of a fat bull, looking ahead. The Blood Killing Sect's army was still stationed there, but the battle there was completely over. Although it was hundreds of miles away, Because the ground here has always been flat without any ups and downs, and Wu Litian is very powerful, he can still clearly see the situation ahead. He knows that Xie Gufang and the others are finished.

But Xie Gufang and the others used their lives to buy them two full days. During those two days, they had been resting and recuperating. Now their strength has recovered a lot. Wu Litian believes that even if Now that the people from the Blood Killing Sect are coming, they don't have to worry about anything. If they persist for a few days, there will definitely be no problem.

But this also made Wu Litian feel very sad. He was really sad. Although Xie Gufang was his enemy before, they have developed some friendship these days. Now they are watching Xie Gufang die in battle. But he couldn't do anything to help, which made him feel very uncomfortable.

After standing there for a long time, Wu Litian finally took a breath and murmured: "Old Xie, Old Xie, although we were enemies before, we are now friends. Don't worry, your enemy will , I will definitely avenge you, even if I can't avenge you, at worst I can just accompany you, don't worry, by the time we meet, we will no longer be enemies, we will always be friends."

After saying this, Wu Litian turned around, returned to the army, and began to arrange the defense of the army. He knew that the Blood Killing Sect would definitely attack them again, but he didn't know that the Blood Killing Sect would wait for a few days before attacking. , will still attack immediately, so he must be prepared.

Another day has passed. The Yasha clan has rested for three days. After three days of rest, their spirits have completely recovered and they can fight. Everyone is ready to fight. They It is very clear that if the Blood Killing Sect is not wiped out, then they will be the ones to be wiped out, so they must wipe out the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, the Blood Killing Sect's army slowly moved towards them. Their advancing speed was not very fast, but the distance between the two sides was only about a hundred miles. Such a distance was really nothing to the monks. , even if you don’t need to fly or use the light body technique, it’s nothing if you want to cross this distance.

The Blood Killer Sect did not stop this time, and just kept pushing forward. They did not use giant beasts to open the way, and drove directly towards the army of the Yaksha clan. There were no giant beasts in front of the army of the Yaksha clan. All their behemoths were killed in the battle, and they had not been replenished, so they had no behemoths available for a long time.

The two sides didn't say hello to Ren Bao, nor did they say anything about the situation. They started fighting directly. Both of them knew that it was useless to say anything now. They were the team if they just started fighting. So they started fighting directly. There was no problem at all. There is no politeness, even the battle routine is the same, but this time the commander of the Yasha clan is replaced by Wu Litian.

Wu Litian looked at the battle in front and issued orders one after another from time to time. He was also waiting for orders from the rear. When would the rear give him the order to retreat? When would he truly relax? Wu Litian I hope that day can come sooner.

He really wanted to avenge Xie Gufang, but he also knew very well that with the current strength in his hands, there was absolutely no way to avenge Xie Gufang. The strength of the Blood Killing Sect was there, and he wanted to avenge Xie Gufang. , with the few troops he has, it is absolutely impossible.

Wu Litian also knew that today was already the tenth day. They had delayed the Blood Killing Sect here for ten days, but why didn't the rear give him an order? what 's wrong? Isn't the rear ready yet? If the rear isn't ready yet, then it should be a letter to him. He really can't afford to wait for when it will be ready. Thinking of this, Wu Litian couldn't help but let out a long sigh. Now he really felt what Xie Gufang felt before. Although he was very anxious before, because he was not a real commander, he was not as big as Xie Gufang. Now that he sat in this position, the pressure on him increased, and he truly realized how much pressure Xie Gufang was under at that time.

When he was thinking about these things, suddenly a messenger ran to Wu Litian, saluted Wu Litian and said: "General, there is an order, the coalition order, we are still holding on for at least three days. After three days, we will wait for the order before we can retreat. ." After saying that, he stood there silently, but his face was very ugly, because the messenger also knew very well that originally the order they received was to hold on for ten days, but now they have held on for ten days, but They were asked to hold on for three more days. After three days, they still didn't know whether they could retreat. This made them all feel very uncomfortable.