c7301 mushroom

Wu Litian nodded and said: "Okay, I understand. We rested for three days. Now let us stick to it for three days. It doesn't matter. We have stuck to it for the previous ten days. It's not too late to reply to them in these days." , just tell them that we will stick to it for three days, so that they can rest assured." After saying that, Wu Litian stopped talking. He felt relieved now. There has been an order from above, so it will be easy to handle. It saves him from worrying about this matter.

After the messenger left, Wu Litian looked ahead, took a deep breath, and murmured: "Three days, only three days, I hope they will be ready after three days." After that, he recovered his mind, He knew that now was not the time to feel sad. He had to focus on the battlefield. But he couldn't make any mistakes now, otherwise it would be really dangerous.

At this time, Wen Wenhai was also standing in front of the projection, but he was not nervous at all. He looked at the projection and said in a deep voice: "The enemy's strong slaves have been attacking less and less recently. It seems that their We are about to run out of arrows, and our breadbaskets have completely suppressed them. If this continues, their casualties will be even greater."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Yes, if this continues, their casualties will only increase. We should not be anxious. The reason why these Yaksha are so desperate is because they may not be ready yet. If they wait until they think The defense line behind us has been prepared, and they will retreat. If we can directly break through their defense line in one go when facing their new defense line, then their confidence will completely disappear. When we want to deal with them, it becomes easier."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, so don't be anxious now, just take your time." At this moment, a staff officer walked up to Wen Wenhai and said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, Elder Hu Wei Please see me." This is the command hall. Although Hu Wei also has the right to come in directly, in order to show respect for Wen Wenhai and the others, Hu Wei did not come in directly, but asked someone to announce it.

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately said: "Please come quickly." Wen Wenhai knew Hu Wei's identity. Hu Wei's status was not low. He was now the master of Lingzhi Hall. Although Lingzhi Hall was not a lobby, There are all plantists inside, but her status is not low at all. The most important thing is that Hu Wei's husband is Zhang Hongliang, who is the pillar of Shenji Hall, so Wen Wenhai also treats Hu Wei very much. Attention.

Hu Wei entered the command hall and saluted Wen Wenhai. She was also one of the few female elders in the Blood Killing Sect. Her appearance was really uncomfortable. Only Zhang Hongliang would like her like this. , but Wen Wenhai didn't dare to show off, and quickly returned the gift, and then said: "Elder Hu, why did you come to see me today?"

Hu Wei nodded and said in a rough voice: "I came to Elder Wen today because I have something to tell you. Our Lingzhi Hall has developed a new method, which is specially used to deal with the Yasha clan. Or maybe you want to take a look at the spiritual plant specially used to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws?"

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he quickly said: "Look, of course I have to look. I wonder what kind of spiritual plant it is this time?" Wen Wenhai is now very impressed by things that can deal with the Yaksha clan or the Shadow clan. Interest, and he also knew that he must not underestimate Lingzhitang. None of the Lingzhitang created by Lingzhitang was easy to deal with.

Hu Wei nodded, and then she stretched out her hand, and a black mushroom appeared in his hand. This black mushroom looked very weird. It was all black, as black as ink, without any other color. That kind of pure black is unforgettable at first glance.

Wen Wenhai took the mushroom, which was only the size of a human palm, looked at it carefully, and finally looked at Hu Wei with some confusion: "Elder Hu, what is the use of this mushroom? Will it explode?" The first thing Wen Wenhai thought of was This, because this mushroom is too small to be seen as having any power.

Hu smiled and said: "It won't explode. This mushroom has only one function, and that is to absorb the energy of the Shadow Clan. After absorbing the energy of the Shadow Clan, they will grow rapidly, and then scatter spores, and then in Mushrooms grow and spores are scattered, which can reproduce in large numbers in a short period of time. I believe this thing must be a weapon against the Yasha clan and the Shadow clan.

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, his eyes couldn't help but light up. He looked at the mushroom in his hand, looked at Hu Wei carefully and said, "Has it been tested? What was the result? How long does it take to kill a yaksha? What can be done to deal with it? Method?" Wen Wenhai didn't look down on him just because this mushroom was small. He knew that things like this, which can absorb the energy of the Shadow Clan, grow quickly, and consume the energy of the Shadow Clan quickly, are all good things, so that's why he is like this I asked urgently about the test situation.

Hu smiled and said: "As long as you are contaminated by the spores of this kind of mushroom, you can kill a Yaksha tribesman in one breath. The most important thing is that the spread of this thing is really too strong. Among the people of the Shadow tribe, The mushrooms that grow on the body will also produce new spores. These spores will fall on other people, killing them and growing new mushrooms. Even if you attack these mushrooms, it will be of no use. They are very powerful. .”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but said with joy: "Okay, great, can it be used on a large scale now? We want to use it on a large scale, but not now, but until the decisive battle. Then we can give the Yasha clan a surprise, how about it?"

Hu smiled and said: "It can already be used on a large scale. This kind of mushroom is not only useful for the Yasha clan, but also for those fat cows and eight-legged cows, because those cows carry the laws of the Shadow Clan. This kind of mushroom is very useful for the power of Shadow Clan's laws."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Prepare a large amount of spores of this mushroom, and then use it on a large scale during the decisive battle. You should also know our current situation. The people of the Yasha clan we are facing now, It's just a partial army they used to stop us. Their real army should be behind these people, so we must be prepared for a hard fight. Now that we have mushrooms like you, the situation may be completely different. ”

Hu Wei said in a deep voice: "Yes, don't worry, we will leave these to us. Then I will go back and prepare now. Don't worry, this kind of mushroom reproduces very quickly. Believe me, it won't take long." In time, we can use this mushroom to attack on a large scale."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and Hu Wei saluted Wen Wenhai, then turned and left. When Hu Wei left, Wen Wenhai couldn't help laughing and said: "Okay, great, I really didn't expect that Hu Wei and the others We can actually come up with such a good thing. It seems that we will not only deal with these Yashas in the future, but also other Shadow Tribe people. Hahaha, this is really great. .”

Chang Jun also smiled and said: "Yeah, I really didn't expect that their progress would be so fast. This is definitely a good thing for us. Forget it, forget about it, Lao Wen, next we have to How to do it? Should we attack with all our strength and eliminate the enemy in front of us as soon as possible? Then find the main force of the Yasha clan and have a decisive battle with them? "

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Don't worry. Now that we have this kind of mushroom, we don't have to worry anymore. It's not time for us to use these mushrooms yet. We must use this kind of mushroom at the most critical time. We eliminated the enemy in one fell swoop. If we use this kind of mushroom now, the enemy may be on guard, so don't worry."

Chang Jun didn't say anything when he arrived, and he didn't object to Wen Wenhai doing this. He knew that what Wen Wenhai was guarding against was not the Yaksha, but actually the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. The Yaksha Clan actually had nothing to guard against. It won't take long for the Yasha in front of him to be defeated, and then he will attack. I believe that in such a short period of time, the Yasha clan will not be able to find a way to break this mushroom attack.

But they have to pay attention to the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is very powerful. The power of this power of laws is very huge. However, the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, even if it is smart, He is also a kind of law force. He wants to make some adjustments to his operation. It is not an easy task and requires a certain amount of time. However, this time may not be very long, so Wen Wenhai and the others will Beware of this. If the power of the Shadow Clan's Law discovers this kind of mushroom, and then begins to make some adjustments to its operation and make some changes to these mushrooms, then these mushrooms may not be in contact with the Yaksha Clan's When the main force faced off, they had already found a way to suppress it with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. In that case, the mushrooms would lose their effect, which they had to guard against.

Chang Jun also very much agreed with Wen Wenhai's approach. After what happened to the Yasha clan, they were even more certain that their biggest enemy was the power of the Shadow Clan's law. As for the power of the Shadow Clan's law, who stood behind it They really don't know who he is, but one thing is certain. That person definitely has ill intentions towards the world of cultivation. Sooner or later, they will confront that person, so no matter what they do, So, you have to be careful.

Wen Wenhai is indeed what Chang Jun thinks. He thinks like that. For him, he must be careful about the mushrooms. If it is leaked, it will not be able to function as a surprise weapon. The Yaksha clan itself is difficult to deal with. , if the mushrooms are not easy to use, then they will lose a sharp weapon to deal with the Yasha clan. At that time, it will only be more troublesome, more people will die, and more disciples will die because of this matter. This is not what he wants to see, so he has to wait until the most critical moment to take out these mushrooms. As long as these mushrooms are taken out, they must be effective immediately. Only in this way, these mushrooms , in order to exert the greatest power.