c7307 thought

"Ha, you said it really easily. Don't you know how powerful the trap array is? What if it fails? Don't you know how much sacrifice there will be? Prince Snake Demon, I think you are still Just do a good job of defense. To be honest, I really don’t think that our current line of defense will be able to keep the Blood Killing Sect out." Wu Litian has always had a high opinion of the Blood Killing Sect. There is no time to look down upon, so he does not agree with the idea of ​​the Snake Demon Prince at all.

The Snake Demon Prince looked at Wu Litian and sneered: "I think you are scared out of your wits. Wu Litian, you are also a famous general of the generation. I really didn't expect that you would be so timid. That's all. You'd better go back and be good." Let's take a rest, and we will deal with the Blood Killing Sect next." The Snake Demon Prince was obviously chasing people away.

Wu Litian's expression changed. He looked at the Snake Demon Prince, snorted coldly, and said solemnly: "I hope you don't regret it." After saying that, Wu Litian walked out directly, and he had no interest in taking a look at the Snake Demon Prince. Yes, he knew that this might also be the revenge of other countries on their Lion Heart Country. Their Lion Heart Country had already plotted against other countries before, so it was normal for other countries to retaliate against them like this.

The Snake Demon Prince looked at Wu Litian's back with a cold glint in his eyes. Wu Litian was very disrespectful to him today, which made him hold a grudge against Wu Litian. However, he also knew that he couldn't show it now. He could give Wu Litian face. It doesn't look good, but he can't go too far. After all, Wu Litian represents the Lion Heart Country.

After Wu Litian left, the Snake Demon Prince looked at the others and said, "I think everyone has heard what Wu Litian said before. I wonder what everyone thinks?" Although the Snake Demon Prince gave Wu Litian a shame, it did not mean that , he really looked down on Wu Litian completely. Both Wu Litian and Xie Gufang were both famous generals. They commanded an army worth tens of billions, but they still lost. This made the Snake Demon Prince pay attention to the blood killing clan.

But after he asked, no one said anything. How the Snake Demon Prince treated Wu Litian before was seen by everyone in the hall. They were all prominent figures in various countries. They didn't want to , being humiliated by the Snake Demon Prince is a very shameful thing.

The Snake Demon Prince glanced at everyone, and then said: "If you don't have anything to say, then I will tell you. First, let's talk about how to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect's frontal attack capability is very good. It's powerful, and they also have something that can deal with the trap array, so I'm afraid there won't be any chance to use the trap array on the frontal battlefield, so I'm going to take out all the trap arrays and send out a few teams. The elite soldiers attacked the Blood Killing Sect from several other directions. However, they must pay more attention to the use of the trap array. The storage location of the trap array must be separated from the army. During the attack, , and only send a small number of people to attack with a trap array, or install the trap array into the body of the Fat Cow Magic Artifact, and then attack, as long as there are fewer people involved, there will be no problems. , I said Wu Litian is a fool, but he is still not convinced, he can't think of such a simple method, what is he not a fool?"

No one spoke, and the Snake Demon Prince then spoke: "In the frontal battlefield, we focus on defense. Now that we have a city wall, we have an advantage in defense. Of course we will not take the initiative to attack. Leave our Don't use your advantage to attack the enemy. That's a method only fools use. Do you have any other opinions?"

Still no one spoke. The Snake Demon Prince was very satisfied with this situation. He didn't like anyone raising any opinions when he was talking. So when he saw that no one was objecting to him, not only did he not feel embarrassed, but on the contrary , he felt very happy, so he nodded with satisfaction and said: "Okay, if you don't have any objections, let's go back and have a good rest and prepare to fight. The Blood Killing Sect's army has already arrived. They can't wait forever. There will definitely be some action there, and I believe it won’t be too long, so we have to be prepared.”

Everyone responded and left the main hall. The Snake Demon Prince walked out of the main hall after everyone left. He stood on the wall of his floating island and looked at the blood-killing sect's army in the distance. , the blood-killing sect’s army was also very large in number, seemingly boundless. Looking at the blood-killing sect’s army, although the Snake Demon Prince felt a little heavy, he was also very excited. He felt that this was his first time This time, as long as he can destroy the Blood Killing Sect, his status in the Yaksha Realm will become higher, not even under the Snake Demon Emperor.

Although the Snake Demon Prince has always been loyal to the Snake Demon Emperor, that is just a superficial appearance. The reason why he has always listened to the Snake Demon Emperor is because he knows very well what kind of person the Snake Demon Emperor is. He is definitely not a kind person, and he has never relaxed his guard against them. If he makes the slightest move, he will be killed by the Snake Demon Emperor immediately, so he can never show any performance.

However, this time he thought it was an opportunity. This time he was managing the entire Yaksha clan army. These armies were all elites sent by various countries. They were very powerful. The most important thing was that in this army, The personnel are very complex, and there are people from all over the world. If someone dares not to listen to him, no matter which country he is from, he must deal with it. Otherwise, he will not be able to command the army, so he can completely Use this as an excuse to get rid of those he despises, just like Wu Litian.

And in this way, he is equivalent to monopolizing power in this army. Although this is nothing, it is very important to him, because he can use this opportunity to expand his power. Some, and at the same time, he can also command the coalition forces to defeat the Blood Killing Sect's army. As long as he defeats the Blood Killing Sect's army, his prestige among the Yasha clan will become unprecedented and unparalleled. Whatever he wants to do, he will get support from other people, and there will be countless people from the Yasha clan to support him, which is definitely a good thing for him.

The Snake Demon Prince has even thought about it. He will use this opportunity to get rid of the Snake Demon Emperor's control directly. Even if he cannot become the Snake Demon Emperor, he can also establish an independent kingdom of his own. By that time, he Then he can become the new king, which is what he wants.

Thinking of this, the Snake Demon Prince couldn't help but feel excited. He had been waiting for this day for too long. Outsiders would not realize that although he was in a high position, he had always been trembling. How he hoped that one day, he could No longer worried about anyone or himself, even when he was talking in his sleep, there would always be a pair of eyes staring at him. That feeling really made him feel like he was going crazy.

It is precisely because of this that he pays more attention to this action, but he does not think that he will fail. The reason why he has such strong confidence is because the army in his hands is now in his hands. There are about 50 billion of the Yaksha clan's army. Fifty billion. This is the total number of troops that the Yaksha clan can gather. He doesn't believe that so many people can't destroy the Blood Killing Sect. Now they The number of the Blood Killing Sect army in front of him is only about 10 billion. With five times the strength of the enemy, if he cannot destroy the enemy, then his life will really be in vain.

When he thought of this, he couldn't help but let out a sigh, and then he suddenly remembered something, and he immediately said: "Come here, go and invite the people from the Dixing Yaksha clan to me, I have some things to explain to them. "A messenger immediately responded, and then went directly to invite people.

After a while, the Dixing Yaksha was invited over. The Dixing Yaksha bowed to the Snake Demon Prince and said in a deep voice, "I have met Your Excellency, the Prince." This servant was the patriarch of the Dixing Yaksha clan, named Sun Xingyuan. The Earthly Yaksha Clan is different from the ordinary Yaksha Clan. They form a system of their own. Although they are also the Yaksha Clan, they have their own unique ethnic group. Compared to the entire Yaksha Clan, they are independent.

The Snake Demon Prince looked at Sun Xingyuan and said very politely: "Clan Chief Sun, I invite you here this time because I want to ask you about the preparations for Di Xing Yaksha. I don't know how well you are preparing." The Snake Demon Prince said Sun Xingyuan still attaches great importance to Sun Xingyuan. He knows that the Blood Killing Sect also has a Marching Army, which is very powerful. If there is no Earth Walking Yaksha underground blocking the Blood Killing Sect's Marching Army, then when they fight against the Blood Killing Sect, , they will always be at a disadvantage, which is definitely not a good thing for them.

Sun Xingyuan said in a deep voice: "Prince, please rest assured that we are fully prepared and will not miss the prince's affairs. After all, this matter is related to our entire Yaksha clan. We, the local Yaksha, do not want to become All sinners of the Yaksha clan, please rest assured."

The Snake Demon Prince looked at Sun Xingyuan, nodded and said: "Okay, it's best for Patriarch Sun to think so. This time our enemy is going to destroy our entire Yaksha clan. We must unite to destroy the Yaksha clan." Really eliminate the enemy. If you need anything, Patriarch Sun, please feel free to ask. As long as I can do it, I will do my best. Please don’t be polite, Patriarch Sun, because you, the Yaksha clan, How you fight the enemy will directly determine the success or failure of the battle, so Patriarch Sun must not be polite to me."

When Sun Xingyuan heard what the Snake Demon Prince said, he nodded excitedly and said: "Yes, please rest assured, Prince. If we really need anything, I will not be polite and I will not give the enemy a chance." Yes, please rest assured, Your Excellency, but fighting underground is still very different from fighting on the ground. When we fight underground, we will be subject to many restrictions. There are many magic weapons that are useless underground. Now look Get up, we don’t have much need, please don’t worry about us, Your Excellency.”