c7314 Method

Wen Wenhai arranged to release mushroom spores. Although the spores of this kind of mushroom are very useful, they also have a disadvantage, that is, the spores cannot run away by themselves. They must be spread by the wind. In the past, The Blood Killing Sect uses the breeze. No one will care about such a wind, but this time it is different. When approaching the defense line of the Yasha clan, there is no wind at all. Plus they There was a protective shield on the defense line, so the mushroom spores were useless at all, which surprised everyone.

Mushrooms can't be used, they can't fly, and radar can't be used. In this way, the Blood Killing Sect will have to fight a tough battle against the Yasha clan. This is not what the Blood Killing Sect wants to see. Wen Wenhai and the others all felt that one of them was older than the other two, and they had no idea.

After Zhao Hai knew that the mushrooms could not be used, he just nodded, and then turned around and entered the Xuanwu Space. Before leaving, he just said: "Tell everyone to come to the main hall for a while." After finishing speaking, He had already disappeared. Wen Wenhai immediately notified all the core elders to go to the main hall for a meeting.

When everyone arrived in the main hall, they found that Zhao Hai was already waiting for everyone in the main hall. As soon as everyone saw Zhao Hai, they immediately saluted him. Zhao Hai just saluted them and then said: " Let’s all sit down and let’s talk about what we can do about attacking Yasha this time.”

Everyone was silent for a moment. No one had any good ideas. This time, the Yaksha Clan was obviously protected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They really had no good ideas. Although they were strong now. It was powerful, but it was really a headache for the power of Shadow Clan's laws, so everyone was silent for a while.

Zhao Hai was not in a hurry, just sat there quietly, waiting for everyone to speak. After a while, he rolled his eyes and then stood up and said: "Sect Master, I think we can use a lot of Cuscuta and Sky Swallowing Net, maybe we can use their magic If the formation is broken, if it doesn't work, we can only attack by force."

Gu Yuanzheng also stood up and said: "You can use Mantianhuo in large quantities. Anyway, our Mantianhuo can also be used now. Use Mantianhuo in conjunction with the impact of our giant beasts on the ground. , I think we can definitely break through their shield. If people want to break through their shield, then their city walls will be nothing to the giant beasts of our Blood Killing Sect. When the time comes, we can Clean up all the Yaksha clan." After saying that, he also sat down.

But everyone frowned. What the two said was actually equivalent to a strong attack. One wanted to use Sky Fire, and the other wanted to use Cuscuta. Although it seemed that some tricky methods were used, the real situation was That's not the case, they are still far behind. The power of Cuscuta is not very great, and it is very difficult for Mantianhuo to fall into the enemy's formation. After all, the one who took action this time But the power of Shadow Clan’s laws.

Wen Wenhai stood up and said in a deep voice: "It seems that we can only cooperate. We can feint attack on the ground, and then let Cang Ming and others attack underground. We use mushrooms to attack underground. As long as we can kill those After the Earthly Yaksha is eliminated, it will be very easy for us to destroy the Yaksha clan. We can completely let Cang Ming and others attack the Yaksha clan's defense line from underground. When the time comes, we can take advantage of the situation to attack. Take down their defense."

Everyone else nodded. Wen Wenhai's idea was indeed a good one. Everyone agreed that as long as the underground could be captured, then the Zerg underground could cooperate with the army on the ground to attack the Yaksha clan's defense line. There won't be any problems anymore.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Is there any other way?" Everyone was silent for a while. They really didn't have any good ideas. There are only so many ways they can think of now. , what else could they do, so everyone was silent.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "The methods you mentioned are all feasible, but none of them are feasible. Let me talk about my method. First, the main attack this time must be left to the plant master and the The puppet disciples will do it. Dodder, bread tree, Babel vine, and mushrooms must all be used, but pay attention to the method of use. Put the spores of the mushrooms on the body of the dodder, the bread tree of the bread tree, and the Babel vine. , and then let them attack, so that the mushroom spores will be brought to the enemy's defense line, where they can be effective."

"Second, let the puppet disciples and the Sky-Swallowing Net take action together to break the enemy's shield as soon as possible. As long as the enemy's shield is broken, let the puppet disciples and the Sky-Swallowing Net immediately use the combined magic circle to suppress the enemy's forbidden air. Formation, and then use sky-wide fire to attack, and level all the areas they control with barriers for me."

"Third, underground Cangming, don't stop your attack, but I think that this time you are going underground, you are likely to encounter the enemy's shield. It is impossible for the enemy not to guard against this. All of you Be sure to pay attention when attacking. You can make some trap arrays with you, then bring them to the enemy's shield, and then detonate the trap array. The power of the trap array is huge, and the enemy's shield Even if they are strong, it is impossible to block the attacks of multiple trap formations. As long as their shields are broken, there is nothing that the earthly yaksha can do in front of the mushroom's attack."

"Fourth, as long as the enemy's shield is broken, attack directly with the iron ball. Isn't the iron ball just for impact? What should you do with it? Throw it all out, hit the enemy, and be sure to destroy the enemy's wall. Destroy it, and then there will be the attack of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. What are you doing with the Blood Killing Battle Fort? The Blood Killing Battle Fort is gone. We can build it. With our current capabilities, we can build a large number of Blood Killing Battle Forts at any time. Come to the battle fort, what’s there to worry about? The giant beast will attack next.”

"Fifth, all the elders in the Blood Killing Sect are prepared for me and are ready to deal with the attack of the enemy masters at any time. This time I will personally take charge. As long as the enemy dares to come, we will definitely destroy them. As long as This time we wipe out the Yaksha clan, and then the Yaksha world will be ours."

Everyone listened to Zhao Hai's words and kept nodding. They thought that they had done a good job before, but now it seems that compared with Zhao Hai, they are far behind. They thought there was nothing better. As for solutions, Zhao Hai came up with so many solutions in the blink of an eye, how could they not feel ashamed.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Staff, go and make a combat plan. After the plan is completed, hand it over to all the commanders, so that they can get familiar with it as soon as possible, and wait until everyone knows what they should do. Yes, let's take action." Everyone stood up and responded in unison, and Zhao Hai waved his hands and turned around to leave.

When Zhao Hai left, everyone heaved a sigh of relief. Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said to Chang Jun beside him: "I thought my commanding ability was pretty good, but now I realize that compared with the boss, I am far behind." Okay, forget it, I don’t want to lose too much, now the boss has given the order, so let’s go and prepare, but we can’t steal people for the boss.”

Chang Jun also smiled bitterly. He also felt the gap between himself and Zhao Hai, but they didn't mean to be angry at all. They just felt that they were a little sorry for Zhao Hai. In the end, Zhao Hai had to take action. This is really embarrassing.

Wen Wenhai also turned to everyone at this time and said: "Okay, everyone knows their mission. Let's get ready right away. Let's go." Everyone also responded, then turned and left. After everyone left, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun also left, and they both had a lot of things to prepare.

Zhao Hai returned to his room and was thinking about how to deal with the Yaksha Clan. Although the points he mentioned before were very important, there was one thing he did not mention, that is, in the Yaksha Clan's defense line The energy behind it was very special. It seemed like a dead thing, but also like a living thing. In short, that energy was very special, and he didn't dare to take it lightly.

Laura and the others also saw that Zhao Hai didn't seem very happy, so they all came over. Laura even asked Zhao Hai in confusion: "What's wrong, Brother Hai? I see that you seem to be very unhappy?" Laura has lived with Zhao Hai for such a long time, and he can clearly feel Zhao Hai's slight emotional changes, so he asked like this.

Zhao Hai said: "Behind the Yaksha clan's defense line, there is still an energy. This energy is very powerful and should not be underestimated. However, I did not say it in the previous meeting because that energy was too weird. , he is a bit like a living thing, but also a bit like a dead thing, a bit like ShadowClan, but not like ShadowClan, it is very weird, I have to be more careful."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Laura and the others' faces became solemn. Laura said: "Brother Hai, do you think that will be the back-up force of the Yaksha clan? The Yaksha clan should have many masters, but Zhao Hai You put it this way, these masters they pretend to be are not their real masters? Are they?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "It is possible that in the previous interfaces, there will always be a master guarding there until the end. This may be a habit, so there is a master guarding the Yaksha clan. There, there is nothing surprising there, let them come, I really want to see what they are capable of."

Zhao Hai's current strength is much stronger than before. Naturally, he cannot be afraid of the other party, but he still needs to deal with it carefully. Laura also heard what Zhao Hai meant, and she said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, take a good rest. Let's deal with the external matters. By the way, I will tell Wen Hai and the others what you said." , let them know what happened, and if they don’t know anything about what really happened, that would be troublesome." Laura still had a lot on her mind, and she felt it was necessary to tell Wen Wen about these things. Hai and the others, if they didn't tell them, something really happened, but Wen Wenhai and the others were not prepared at all, which would be bad.