c7311 Battle

The eyes of the Snake Demon Prince are now completely red. The scales on his snake head are all standing up. He looks extremely terrifying. He is holding a Zhangba snake spear in his hand and looking forward. In front of him, there are countless Yakshas. He was dying, but he seemed to have not seen it at all and was still directing the floating island to move forward.

The charging speed of ordinary Yakshas could not be compared with the floating islands, so after a while, their floating islands had already rushed behind the Yaksha army. They had not stopped yet, and they were still rushing forward. All the Yashas who stood in front of him were knocked away by the giant beasts pulling them to the floating island. Even those who were not knocked away would be trampled to death by those eight-legged cows. The Yashas died in their hands. Quite a few.

But the Snake Demon Prince didn't seem to see this at all. He still directed people to keep rushing forward and attacking. However, the other floating islands were hesitant, but after several consecutive attacks by the Snake Demon Prince, Under the order, they had to rush forward. They were afraid that if they didn't rush, if they were defeated in the end, the snake demon prince would put all the responsibility for the failure on them. In that case, they would only die, so They are also rushing forward.

Seeing that they were getting closer and closer to the Blood Killing Sect army, the Snake Demon Prince suddenly discovered that their speed seemed to be getting slower and slower, which made him furious. He immediately said loudly: "Come on People, look what’s going on, why is the speed of the floating island getting slower and slower?”

Soon a Yaksha ran to the side of the Snake Demon Prince, saluted the Snake Demon Prince and said: "Your Highness, the fat cows and eight-legged cows we used to pull the Floating Island are all dead, and the Floating Island is lost. power, so it becomes slower and slower." That person also just discovered that all the fat cows and eight-legged cows were dead. The floating island was still moving forward by inertia before, but now it can't do it anymore, because the inertia is With constant consumption, the floating island eventually ran out of power.

When the Snake Demon Prince heard what he said, he couldn't help turning his head to look at the man and said, "Why are you dead? Is it the guys below who did it? Don't they want to live?" When the Snake Demon Prince heard about it, he told him All the giant beasts on the floating island were dead, and he was angry. His first reaction was that the Yashas below had killed his giant beasts. How could he not be angry?

The Yaksha said quickly: "No, Your Highness, those giant beasts all died at the hands of those black mushrooms. Their bodies were covered with black mushrooms, and they were all dead." As soon as he spoke, he saw his Black mushrooms suddenly appeared on his body. As soon as those mushrooms grew, he turned into black smoke and disappeared.

When the Snake Demon Prince saw this situation, he couldn't help but be shocked. A shield immediately appeared on his body, protecting him inside. At the same time, he was also paying attention to the situation inside his body. , I don’t know why, but his body is normal and he has not been exposed to that black mushroom.

At this time, the Snake Demon Prince felt that there seemed to be silence all around. He couldn't help but turn his head and take a look, only to find that the entire floating island was filled with black smoke, and no living person could be seen. He took another look at the bottom of the floating island, and found that there was no Yaksha under the floating island. He only saw the giant beasts from the Blood Killing Sect, surrounding his floating island, with the giant beasts standing on their backs. Some monks standing there were looking at him.

The Snake Demon Prince was shocked. He turned around and looked around again, and found that almost all the floating islands around him had stopped. At the same time, these floating islands were all surrounded by other monks. In other words, , they were now completely surrounded by the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect also stopped attacking. No one spoke, and everyone looked at him quietly. This was the reason why he felt quiet around him.

At this moment, the Snake Demon Prince felt his body relax. The next moment, he saw the floating island in the sky slowly rising and floating towards the sky. Not only was the Snake Demon Prince not happy, on the contrary , and his heart froze again, because he knew very well that his floating island floated into the sky, which meant that their forbidden air array had lost its effectiveness, and the reason why their forbidden air array was If it loses its effect, there is only one solution, and that is for the people of the Blood Killing Sect to break his forbidden air formation.

Just when the Snake Demon Prince felt extremely frightened, a figure suddenly appeared on the floating island of the Snake Demon Prince. This was a tall monk. He was wearing blood-red clothes with a layer of armor on the outside. This man Looking at the Snake Demon Prince quietly, he suddenly said: "The frontline commander of the Blood Killing Sect, the core elder, Gu Yuanzheng is polite, may I ask who you are?" The person who came was none other than Gu Yuanzheng, now an army of the Yaksha clan, Almost all of them were dead, and only a few of them, including the Snake Demon Prince, were still alive. Naturally, he wanted to come and see them in person.

The Snake Demon Prince calmed down at this time. He looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said in a deep voice: "Commander of the Yaksha Clan's coalition forces, Snake Demon Prince of the Snake Demon Kingdom." This Snake Demon Prince was already his name, so He only reported the name Snake Demon Prince, and did not say what his specific name was.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the Snake Demon Prince, smiled slightly and said: "I didn't expect that you are actually the commander of the Yaksha coalition. I'm blinded. Your Excellency, now that the Yaksha army has been defeated, I wonder what you think?" Gu Yuanzheng He just wanted to see the identity of the Snake Demon Prince, but he didn't expect that the Snake Demon Prince turned out to be the commander of the Yaksha army. This really made him interested. He looked at the Snake Demon Prince, but there was too much in his words. A hint of irony.

When the Snake Demon Prince heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but sneered: "If you lose, you lose. What's the big deal? The worst thing is to leave your life here, but before you die, you can still pull up a support person." , it’s pretty good, don’t you think so.” After saying this, the Snake Demon Prince looked at Gu Yuanzheng intently, as if he was ready to take action at any time.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the Snake Demon Prince, smiled slightly and said: "Your Highness, I really didn't expect that you still want to deal with me now, anyway, come on, I really want to see if Your Highness has that Strength." After speaking, Gu Yuanzheng moved his hand, and a long knife appeared in his hand.

The Snake Demon Prince looked at Gu Yuanzheng, suddenly smiled and said: "There are indeed people from the Blood Killing Sect..." When he said the word "you", his body moved and rushed towards Gu Yuanzheng. At the same time, The Zhangba snake spear in his hand was launched, aiming straight for Gu Yuanzheng's throat. Just when his men were almost in front of Gu Yuanzheng, two words flew out of his mouth: "Integrity!" Words, this is clearly a sneak attack.

In fact, the Snake Demon Prince used this move to assassinate countless people, so he still used this move to deal with Gu Yuanzheng at this time. He had used this move to kill Wu Litian before, otherwise With his strength, it would probably take a lot of time to kill Wu Litian. By then, others would have a way to stop him, and it would be impossible for him to kill Wu Litian.

Gu Yuanzheng is an old man who has experienced many battles. Of course he will not be fooled by the Snake Demon Prince. He has not encountered any kind of enemy in these years. In fact, he came to the island to see the Snake Demon Prince. At that time, he had been paying attention to every move of the Snake Demon Prince, and was always ready to fight. Now the Snake Demon Prince attacked. Although it was very sudden, it did not scare him. Gu Yuanzheng laughed loudly, At the same time, his figure moved, and he slashed through Gu Yuanzheng with his sword.

when! The sword leader was slashing at the tip of the snake spear. Gu Yuanzheng stepped back, and the Snake Demon Prince also stepped back. He even retreated further than Gu Yuanzheng, which made Gu Yuanzheng slightly stunned. He was stunned, and then he couldn't help being overjoyed. He found that the strength of the snake demon prince was not very strong. In terms of strength alone, it was not as strong as him. You must know that he is not a physical practitioner, but he has been doing it recently. He was training his body. After all, Zhao Hai had told them about the importance of the body before, so he was also training his body. Unknowingly, the power in his body was much stronger than before.

After forcing the Snake Demon Prince back with a knife, Gu Yuanzheng moved and rushed towards the Snake Demon Prince. In the process of rushing over, a river of blood suddenly rose from the sky, directly surrounding Gu Yuanzheng. Inside, Gu Yuanzheng also used the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, which have become the signature sword techniques of the Blood Killing Sect.

The Snake Demon Prince was shocked and angry at this time. He did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful. A random elder could have such strength. This shocked him. How could he? He didn't expect that an elder from the Blood Killing Sect seemed to be stronger than him.

But it was too late to say anything now. The Snake Demon Prince had to cheer up and reached a point where he fought with Gu Yuanzheng. As his eight-foot-long snake spear danced, a huge long snake appeared around his body and pulled him away. Inside, a river of blood and a long snake were fighting in one place.

At this time, several more figures appeared on the floating island, led by Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai glanced at the place where the two were fighting, smiled slightly and said: "This Yaksha is so lucky that he was not killed. Mushroom was killed, but his strength can only be regarded as average, and there is no way he can be an opponent of the expedition. By the way, ask if there are people on other islands. If there are people, clean them up together. Anyway, It is impossible for these yakshas to truly surrender, and there is no use in keeping them."

Chang Jun smiled and said: "No need to ask, there is no one left, they are all dead. Didn't you see that all those islands have disappeared? This island is the only one left now, but it seems that this island also remains. It won’t be long.” Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect knows that once the Yasha clan dies, the floating island will also disappear. The reason why this island has not disappeared now is because the snake demon prince is still there. , as long as the snake demon prince dies, this island will not be able to exist.

Wen Wenhai glanced at the place where the two were fighting, and then said in a deep voice: "In this battle, we have wiped out all the main forces of the Yaksha clan. I believe it will be easier for us to deal with the Yaksha clan in the future. They will die in one go." With so many people, the Yasha clan probably doesn’t have the ability to fight against us, right?”