c7315 attack

Two days later, a complete battle plan was placed on Zhao Hai's desk. After reading it, Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded. He also felt that this battle plan was really good. It seemed that the staff Those people are indeed doing a good job, so he can rest assured.

After a small meeting, after confirming the battle plan, Zhao Hai asked Wen Wenhai and the others to prepare. Moreover, he only gave Wen Wenhai and the others one day to prepare. After one day, they would attack the Yaksha clan's defense line. Now, they are only about a hundred miles away from the Yaksha clan's defense line. This distance is a good distance for attack.

At this time, in the main hall on an island of the Yasha clan, the Lion Heart Emperor was sitting on the main seat. His face looked very heavy. Beside him, there were several other people sitting, among whom on his left hand Beside him, sat a Yaksha with a tiger head, who was the emperor of the Tiger Power Kingdom, and to his right, sat a Yaksha with a snake head, who was the emperor of the Snake Demon Kingdom. In the world, it is second only to the Lion Heart Country.

The Lion Heart Emperor glanced at everyone in the house, and then said in a deep voice: "The Blood Killing Sect has been here for a few days, but they have not attacked, but this is not a good thing. The Blood Killing Sect's people have One characteristic is that they will make a lot of preparations before attacking. They will only attack us when they are ready. Once they are ready to attack, it means that they have completely We are ready, so this time it is a tough battle for us. Although God is helping us, we have to deal with it with all our strength."

No one spoke, and no one drank. All the people in the hall were emperors. They had their own dignity. They were not subordinates of the Lion-Hearted Emperor. There was no need to respond to the Lion-Hearted Emperor. As long as they did not speak out against it, they would be fine. The representatives agreed, so they would rather say nothing.

The Lion Heart Emperor glanced at them and knew what they meant. He glanced at these people and then said solemnly: "This time is our Yasha clan's last stand. If we win, all of us will live. If we lose, All of us will die, I don’t think anyone will object to this, right?”

Everyone still did not speak, and the Lion Heart Emperor continued: "Everyone knows the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. They not only have a large number of ordinary monks, but also a large number of powerful masters. No matter where we are now, In terms of aspects, they don't have any advantages. Now we can only rely on the shield and the forbidden air circle to truly protect our territory. I won't say more. Everyone, be prepared. This time it is real. It’s time to fight for your life. Everyone, please come back. If we can survive this time, let’s meet again in the future. If..." At the end of the sentence, he did not continue, but stood up and faced everyone. He cupped his fists, then turned and left.

When everyone saw that the rightful owner had left, they naturally would not stay. They all looked at each other, then turned around and walked out. They knew very clearly that what the Lion Heart Emperor said was right, and now they had indeed arrived. It's time to fight hard. If they don't fight hard at this time, it will be too late.

The Lion Heart Emperor returned to the back hall and saw the Prime Minister waiting for him. He smiled bitterly at the Prime Minister and said: "Prime Minister, I really didn't expect that we would reach this point, and the entire Yaksha clan would be exterminated. Well, when our Lion Heart Kingdom was occupied before, I was not so desperate. In my opinion, if we could concentrate the power of the entire Yasha clan, we would definitely be able to wipe out the Blood Killing Sect, but I didn’t expect that this would happen. The Blood Killing Sect is actually so powerful that it even defeated our coalition forces."

The Prime Minister also sighed and said: "If the coalition forces were commanded by General Wu, this situation would not have happened. It is a pity that at that time, several other countries desperately opposed General Wu as the commander of this and that. The Snake Demon Prince shamelessly killed General Wu directly, which led to today's situation, which is hateful and annoying."

The Lion Heart Emperor sighed, then he turned his head and glanced at the sky outside the window, and said in a deep voice: "My Yaksha clan has always lived here. Everything here was established by our Yaksha clan, regardless of the people of the Blood Killing Sect. , what do you say about us, our Yaksha clan are all the same race, everything here belongs to our Yaksha clan, if we can’t keep this place, then let us die for here, Prime Minister, I am ready to fight I’m ready to die, you’re not going to laugh at me, are you?”

The Prime Minister looked at the Lion Heart Emperor, smiled slightly and said: "I have never regretted following my emperor. Our emperor is talented and wise. If we are given enough time, our emperor can completely unify the Yaksha world. It is a pity that God has not given me the emperor." If you cannot fight for world supremacy with my emperor at this opportunity, then let me, my veteran, accompany my emperor and die for this world."

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at the Prime Minister, burst out laughing and said, "Well, let's fight against the Blood Killing Sect's people together. I really want to see what this Blood Killing Sect's people are like. Are people really that strong? Can they really destroy our Yaksha clan? Let’s go, Prime Minister, how about we go have a drink?”

The Prime Minister also smiled and said: "Your Majesty has invited you, don't you dare to disobey me." After saying that, the two of them laughed loudly and went to drink in the back room. From time to time, laughter could be heard from the hall and spread throughout the whole hall. There is a Lion Heart Island, and all the Yakshas on the Lion Heart Island had a look of determination on their faces when they heard the laughter. They knew that this was not the laughter that the Lion Heart Emperor really made. , the Lion Heart Emperor is determined to fight to the death, so naturally they have no reason to live alone.

A burst of fierce war drums came, and at the same time there were bursts of horn sounds. This sound spread far away. By the time it reached the ears of the Lion Heart Emperor, it was already very weak, but the Lion Heart Emperor was still He stood up immediately and walked out of the room. Yesterday he drank with the Prime Minister and was not drunk. However, when he returned to his room, he fell asleep quickly. It is strange to say that he had already It had been a long time since he had such a good sleep, but this time he slept surprisingly well. He only woke up when he heard the sound of drums.

After leaving the room, he reached the city wall and looked into the distance. Although they were very far away from the Blood Killing Sect's army, he was also a master with amazing eyesight. Naturally, he could see the Blood Killing Sect's army. From the movement, he could clearly see that the Blood Killing Sect's army had begun to assemble very quickly. When he reached the city wall, the Blood Killing Sect's army had almost assembled. By the time the drums stopped playing, , the Blood Killing Sect’s army has completely stopped, and they have completed their formation.

"It's so fast." Lionheart Emperor murmured. He could tell that the drum beat was only more than a hundred times, and the other party was already ready in such a short period of time. How could this not happen? It's surprising. You have to know that the Blood Killing Sect army has a very large number of people. It is not an easy task to complete the entire team in such a short time.

After the formation of the Blood Killing Sect's army was completed, the Blood Killing Sect's army began to slowly advance forward. The speed of their advance was not very fast. They saw countless castles, slowly moving in front of the Blood Killing Sect's army. Advancing towards the defense line of the Yaksha clan, behind them are countless giant beasts, and behind them is the army of the Blood Killing Sect. They are like black waves, slowly moving forward, but their momentum is really It's earth-shattering, and no one dares to look down upon it.

Just when the Blood Killing Sect's army was about ten miles away from the Yaksha clan's defense line, they stopped. Then they saw countless disciples suddenly appearing in front of the Blood Killing Sect's army. These disciples kept attacking the ground. There was something thrown at the door. Just when the Yasha clan was about to use strong weapons to deal with these disciples, they saw a forest suddenly appeared in front of the Blood Killing Sect. Countless trees grew out of the ground, and there were countless vines. , all grew out, and the growth rate was so fast that people were extremely surprised. In the blink of an eye, the forest had blocked all the way forward for the Blood Killing Sect army.

When he saw the Blood Killing Sect's actions, the Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help but froze. He then murmured: "What do the Blood Killing Sect want to do? Don't they want to attack? They just want to defend? Is this impossible? If they want to defend, what are they doing here? If they want to attack, why do they plant trees in front of their army? Isn't this illogical?"

Just when he was puzzled, he saw countless black dots suddenly flying out of the woods in front of the Blood Killing Sect army. These black dots were thrown straight towards the Yaksha clan's defense line, but there were still some distance from the defense line. When it was about five miles away, it was blocked by a force, and then the black spots exploded. As the black spots exploded, black things were seen growing rapidly on the shield, and the speed It's getting faster and faster.

The Lion Heart Emperor took a closer look and couldn't help being surprised. He didn't expect that those black things were actually the legendary black mushrooms. He had heard from the Yashas who had fled back from the battle that the reason for their failure was, Thanks to this kind of mushroom, the attack power of this kind of mushroom is very powerful. As long as it touches a person, the person will die almost immediately, and there is no way to save it. It's terrible.

But the Lion Heart Emperor didn't know that these mushrooms would actually grow on the shield. This was the most terrifying thing. At this moment, he suddenly felt that there seemed to be something else in the woods of the Blood Killing Sect. He immediately turned around to look, and when he saw it, he discovered that in the woods in front of the Blood Killing Sect's army, there were countless snake-like things, crawling towards their defense line quickly. But this snake seems to be a little too long, right?

When the Lion Heart Emperor took a closer look, he realized that it was not a long snake at all, but just vines. When they saw this, the Lion Heart Emperor and the others were shocked. They really had not thought of it. , in addition to those mushrooms, the Blood Killer Sect also has these things, the kind of tree that can throw things, the kind of vines that can grow so long, they have never heard of these things before, it seems that the Blood Killer Sect There are many things about Zong that they don’t know.