c7316 charge

The vines climbed to the shield and immediately climbed towards the shield. Then they saw that some vines suddenly split and turned into countless small vines, while another vine did not split, but suddenly moved towards the shield. The snake raised its body for a moment, stood up straight, and then suddenly fell down, hitting the shield directly.

Hearing a bang, the Lion Heart Emperor could clearly see the shield shaking, which shocked the Lion Heart Emperor. He really didn't expect that the attack power of this vine would be so powerful. Strong, he immediately said loudly: "Quick, attack those vines and those mushrooms, don't be afraid, we have a shield, those mushrooms can't touch us, and those vines can't get into the shield, we must be in the shortest possible time." Break these things for me within the time, quickly."

Following his order, all the people from the Lion Heart Kingdom moved. The swordsmen and magic weapons all moved toward the mushrooms and vines. There were many people from the Lion Heart Kingdom who ran to the edge of the shield. He continued to attack the vines with the magic weapon in his hand, but the effect was not very good because the vines were very tough and difficult to cut off.

Even if they are cut off, they can grow back very quickly, and the broken part is not dead yet. It seems to have taken root and can continue to live forever. This is really terrible. Slowly, The entire Yaksha clan's shield was covered with black mushrooms and vines, and they could no longer see anything else.

Just when the sight of the Yasha clan was completely blocked, the puppet disciples took out the Sky-Swallowing Net. Those puppet disciples now turned themselves into iron balls, and followed the cue ball of the Sky-Swallowing Net to attack the Yasha clan. The shield of the clan rolled over, and soon they had reached the shield of the Yasha clan. When they reached the shield, the puppet disciples immediately commanded the Sky-Swallowing Net to gather together, It gathered in one place, constantly absorbing the energy from that place, but it turned into something like a slender drill pipe, constantly drilling into that part of the shield.

These puppet disciples have been desperately learning how to fight since the last time they fought against the masters of the Yasha clan. They found that their fighting methods were too single. With their bodies' ability to change thousands of times, their The fighting method should be more powerful, so they have improved a lot of fighting methods these days.

At this time, the people of the Yasha clan did not know the actions of the puppet disciples, because they could not see the situation outside the shield, and naturally they did not know that there were countless drills attacking their shield, like drills. The attack, coupled with those sky-swallowing nets constantly absorbing the energy of the shield, the effect was soon shown.

With a crisp sound from the shield, a hole appeared, and a drill bit went directly into the shield. However, this drill did not completely penetrate into the shield, but just got stuck. At the shield, the drill bit kept drilling. As the drill bit rotated, the hole kept getting bigger.

The movement here immediately attracted the attention of the Yaksha clan. Just as the Yaksha clan wanted to stop it, it was already ineffective. They saw that the drill suddenly became hollow, and then they saw a very thin vine. It suddenly penetrated into the shield through the hollow drill bit.

There were many bud-like things growing on this small vine. As soon as he got into the shield, those bud-like things exploded directly, and then countless black powders were scattered directly, and those As soon as the black powder was sprinkled on the yakshas below, mushrooms immediately grew on those yakshas, ​​and then they fell to the ground and died.

Soon those yakshas died in pieces, and more and more vines entered the shield from the drill, more and more powders were sprinkled down, and more and more yakshas died at the hands of the mushrooms. , and at this moment, a burst of clicking sounds was suddenly heard. The people of the Yasha clan turned around and saw that the protective shield above their heads was making a clicking sound. Then the shield broke, and countless people Vines fell directly from their heads, and countless mushrooms also fell from their heads.

As soon as he saw this situation, the Lion Heart Emperor felt his head buzzing. He knew that they were finished. Once the shield was broken, it was almost impossible for them to block the Blood Killing Sect's army. The remaining All he could do was try his best, but he didn't know if he could stop the Blood Killing Sect's army with all his might.

Just when he was thinking about this, he didn't realize that countless small iron balls had poured into the army of the Yasha clan. These small iron balls were not noticeable, but after falling to the ground, they began to A very weak white light is emitted, and with the appearance of this white light, the power of their forbidden air formation is getting smaller and smaller, but now the attention of everyone in the Yasha clan is attracted by those vines, and no one Pay attention to this.

At this moment, a sudden whistling sound came, and then countless fires filled the sky, falling directly into the army of the Yaksha clan. All the people of the Yaksha clan were now attracted by those mushrooms and vines. Now, there was no time to take care of those Mantianhuo, so they just let those Mantianhuo fall directly into the Yaksha army.

I heard a loud banging sound, and large pits appeared one after another in the Yaksha army. The area of ​​each large pit was very huge, and the surrounding areas of the large pits had turned into a white land. Everyone in the large pits The Yaksha clan next to them had all been cleared away.

But the Blood Killing Sect's attack has not stopped yet. Their sky-full of fire is still attacking non-stop. At the same time, countless energy beasts also join in the attacks. The army of the Yasha clan rang out. There were countless explosions and countless Yakhas were dying. The Yaksha clan was being beaten all the time and had no power to fight back.

The Lion-Hearted Emperor looked at this situation, but there was no sadness or joy on his face. He turned around and looked around, and found that all the yashas around him were looking at him, including the Prime Minister. The Lion-Hearted Emperor looked at Looking at the crowd, he laughed suddenly and said: "Everyone, we are the Yaksha clan. We were born here, grew up here, and will die here. Today we are going to die here to include the Yaksha world. In this way, we Even if he is dead, we have the face to see our Yaksha God and the ancestors of my Yaksha clan. Come on, and then carry out the final charge until the last person."

His voice was extremely loud, as if what he was talking about was not about going to die, but about going to a banquet, and it was a celebration banquet specially held for them, with a hint of excitement in his tone. , this is really a very abnormal performance, but all the people from the Lion Heart Kingdom around them did not feel anything wrong at all. On the contrary, everyone's face showed a look of determination.

At this time, the Prime Minister suddenly said: "I am willing to live and die with Your Majesty." His voice was not very loud, but it was extremely firm, and his voice was heard by the people around him. People immediately said in unison: "I am willing to live and die with Your Majesty!" This time the voice became much louder, more people heard this sentence, and more people also shouted this sentence Finally, everyone on the entire island was shouting this sentence, and the sound spread thousands of miles, and everyone on other floating islands around heard this sentence.

The Lion Heart Emperor looked at the people on the island and burst into laughter. Then he roared: "Come here, blow the charge horn and order everyone in the Lion Heart Emperor to charge. None of us in the Lion Heart Kingdom are Cowards, even if we die, we don’t want to die on the way to retreat, we want to die on the way to charge, take action.”

Someone immediately responded, and then an extremely loud charge horn sounded. The Yasha clan, who were feeling uneasy and didn't know what to do, were all stunned when they heard the sound, and then they couldn't help but turn their heads towards the horn. Looking in the direction from which the sound came, I found that Lion Heart Island had begun to slowly move forward.

Listening to the charge, and seeing the Lion Heart Emperor slowly moving forward, and the speed getting faster and faster, those Yashas immediately understood what the Lion Heart Emperor meant, and they couldn't help but feel a heat in their hearts. They were all very excited. It is clear that the Lion Heart Emperor is preparing to charge, which is a huge boost to the morale of the Yasha clan.

This is like a situation that people often say, two armies are fighting. The commander of one side said: "Come on me." But the commander of the other side said: "Come on me." The difference between one word and one word means that for The impact on the morale of both sides is huge. The side that shouts for me is destined to lose.

Now the Lion Heart Emperor is about to charge. The morale of all the Lion Heart Kingdom's troops is greatly shaken. At the same time, the morale of other Yaksha clan's armies is also greatly shaken. They now regard the Lion Heart Emperor as their backbone, because the Lion Heart King is their backbone. The Heart Emperor is the kind of person who dares to charge forward. The Yaksha clan are all warriors. They respect the strong and even more respect the warriors. Therefore, no matter which country the Yaksha clan members are from, they now regard the Lion Heart Emperor as their coach. , they are willing to follow their coach to charge.

Naturally, the other floating islands in the Lion Heart Country followed suit. At the same time, the floating islands in other countries also followed up. Although the emperors of the Yaksha Clan had various problems, they all One characteristic is that none of them lack courage, so after seeing the Lion Heart Emperor charging, they started to charge almost at the same time.

The people standing behind the Blood Killing Sect army couldn't help but feel slightly moved when they saw the movement of the Yaksha army. Even Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief and said: "Although we are enemies with the Yaksha clan, we have to admit that, The Yaksha clan is really good, and such an enemy deserves our respect."

The people of the Blood Killing Sect all around nodded. They were all soldiers. After countless battles with the army, they were very impressed with what the Yaksha Clan was doing now. At this time, the Yaksha Clan still had the courage to charge. This is enough to show the courage of the Yasha clan. An opponent like this is indeed worthy of their admiration. It is not admirable but admirable. If you want them to be merciful, it is absolutely impossible.