c7310 crazy

Suddenly, Gu Yuanzheng saw a commotion among the Yakshas in front of him, and then he saw countless Yakshas rushing over like crazy. All the Yakshas in front of them were killed by them. As soon as they saw From the appearance of those Yakshas, ​​Gu Yuanzheng knew that they had used the Curse of the Queen.

When he thought of this, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then said loudly: "Blow the charge horn, order the whole army to charge, let them stop the fire all over the sky, and tell the guys in front not to stop the mushroom attack, but also Yes, pay attention to the enemy's floating island, these Yaksha's reaction is quite fast." Immediately, a staff officer responded and went directly to pass the order. As the staff officer's order was passed on, the Blood Killing Sect also moved. When I got up, I saw the disciples standing on the back of the giant beast. They immediately cast their magic spells one by one. Suddenly, a strong wind blew, and at the same time, the giant beast under their feet also began to charge.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also accelerated slowly. At this moment, they felt a darkness above their heads. When they looked up, they saw the Blood Killing Battle Castle passing above their heads, followed by those giant beasts. , rushed towards the enemy, tentacles waving in the sky, looking very scary.

But none of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were afraid. They all cheered and their steps couldn't help but speed up. As for those Yakhas who had broken off their queens, mushrooms appeared on their bodies at this time, and large swaths of people were all dead. Before the bloody murderers could rush in front of them, all the Yakshas who stayed behind to break their queens were already dead. Of course, the giant beast of the Blood Killing Sect wouldn't care about this, and still rushed forward. Anyway, there were many Yashas behind it.

At this time, the Snake Demon Prince and Wu Litian were also looking at the Blood Killing Sect's army. When they saw the Blood Killing Sect's giant beasts starting to charge, they also discovered that people from the Yasha clan behind them also appeared on their bodies. The discovery of the black mushroom made them know that they might not be able to block the black mushroom's attack.

Wu Litian closed his eyes in pain, but the eyes of the Snake Demon Prince were blood red. He could already feel that he was getting closer and closer to death. There was no hope for anything like making great achievements or becoming an emperor. They were finished. Here, the Snake Demon Prince felt that he was going crazy.

It took Wu Litian a while to come to his senses, and he said in a deep voice: "Retreat, let the army behind retreat. We can't all die here. Without figuring out what the black mushroom is, we can't It may be able to block the Blood Killing Sect's army. Fortunately, although the black mushroom spreads very fast, it is impossible to spread it to the entire army at once. These people behind should not be spread yet, so let them immediately If you retreat, you may be able to retain some of your strength.”

The Snake Demon Prince looked at Wu Litian with blood-red eyes and said, "Why didn't you report it? The enemy has such powerful weapons, why didn't you report it? Do you really want us, the Yaksha Clan, to fail? The Yaksha Clan has been defeated, right? What good do you do? You shameless villains, these criminals, you are the sinners of the Yaksha clan."

Wu Litian looked at the Snake Demon Prince. He felt that something was wrong with the Snake Demon Prince, but now he could not think too much. He still said: "It's not that we don't report it, it's that we don't know at all, because the enemy has never used it before. Such an attack, so we don't even know that the enemy has such a method. Do you think we can come back alive if the enemy uses this method?" Of course Wu Litian had to make it clear to the Snake Demon Prince. If he couldn't explain clearly, If he fails, the blame for this failure will be placed on him.

But Wu Litian didn't expect that the Snake Demon Prince couldn't listen to anything now. He roared: "Lies, you lie, you are all liars, liars, go to hell." He hadn't finished speaking yet. , a snake spear eight feet long suddenly appeared in his hand, and he stabbed Wu Litian with one spear.

Wu Litian did not expect that the Snake Demon Prince would take action against him. In addition, the Snake Demon Prince was very fast and was stronger than him. Therefore, before Wu Litian could react, the Snake Demon Prince's eight-foot snake The spear had already pierced his chest. Wu Litian was shocked and twisted his body desperately, trying to get out of the way of the spear. However, he was still a little slow and was stabbed firmly by the snake spear. It entered his right chest.

As soon as the snake spear pierced Wu Litian's right chest, he immediately turned the snake spear, and then with a shake, a big hole appeared in Wu Litian's chest, and the whole person was thrown away. While Wu Litian's body was still in mid-air, Wu Litian's snake spear had already pierced into Wu Litian's throat.

Wu Litian died unexpectedly on the spot, and the Snake Demon Prince turned his blood-red eyes and said loudly: "Attack, attack with all your strength, I don't believe that the people of the Blood Killing Sect can really wipe out our Yaksha clan. Victory is It belongs to our Yasha clan, charge!" As he said this, he waved the zhangba snakezhang, as if crazy.

Those people around the Snake Demon Prince naturally all saw how the Snake Demon Prince killed Wu Litian. This also made them remain silent towards the Snake Demon Prince and did not dare to resist at all. As soon as they heard the Snake Demon Prince's order, they immediately So he went to execute it. They knew Wu Litian's identity. He was a representative of the Lion Heart Kingdom. He was a representative of a country. He would kill if he said it. So what else could he not dare to do? If he didn't listen to him, he would kill him. If so, then there is only death.

Following the order of the Snake Demon Prince, the people of the Yasha clan immediately began to charge. Although some of them were afraid of the blood-killing clan and those mushrooms, they were all warriors after all, and the Yashas behind them had not seen that kind of It was a terrible scene, so they were not that afraid. After receiving the order, they immediately began to attack.

As soon as the people behind attack, the people in front will naturally follow suit. Otherwise, they will only be pushed forward by the people behind to attack. In the end, they will become shields in front of those people, which will only lead to more deaths. Quick, instead of doing that, it's better to rush forward and maybe survive.

Even if they were rushing forward, people in front of them would still keep dying, because mushrooms would keep growing on their bodies. As soon as the mushrooms grew out, people would die immediately, while those behind would still die. Mushrooms will grow, then die, and the rate of death will become faster and faster.

This is not the most dangerous thing. The most dangerous thing is that the Skyfire of the Blood Killing Sect attacked at once. Countless Skyfires exploded behind the Yaksha army, killing countless Yakhas. The charge of the Blood Killing Sect , did not stop, and continued to charge forward.

The Snake Demon Prince is now like a gambler who has lost his sight. He doesn't care about anything. He just wants to win, so he puts down the last chip in his hand without hesitation. He shouted loudly: "Inform all the floating islands to charge immediately. I don't believe it. The people of the Blood Killing Sect can still block the charge of our floating islands. Hurry." Someone immediately went to convey the order. The Snake Demon Prince killed Wu Litian and established his authority, so now no one dares to oppose his words.

Gu Yuanzheng and Wen Wenhai also saw the reaction of the Yaksha clan at this time. From the moment the Yaksha clan started charging, they knew that the Yaksha clan wanted to fight them to the death. Naturally, they were not afraid anymore. On the contrary, they still Very excited, they were really afraid that the Yasha clan would run away.

It was Wen Wenhai who had previously ordered Mantianhuo to attack at once. Now that he saw the floating island of the Yasha clan moving, Wen Wenhai was even more sure that this battle would be a decisive battle, and naturally they were too. Without being polite, he immediately gave orders to those on the front line to attack with all their might.

Seeing those Yashas dying in the hands of Mushrooms one after another, many of them had already died before they reached the front of their army of giant beasts. This made him feel very relaxed. They really didn't believe it. With the current situation of the Yasha clan, they can still block the attack of the Blood Killing Sect.

Finally, after charging for a period of time, the armies of both sides finally collided with each other. Although the Yasha clan also had some giant beasts, all of their giant beasts were now placed in the rear, because they originally had city walls, and naturally they had city walls. There is no need for giant beasts. Giant beasts like Fat Ox are useless if placed on the edge of the city wall, so all their giant beasts are placed at the rear to pull the floating island.

The purpose of using these giant beasts to pull the floating island is to provide stronger power to the floating island. However, in this way, their army will no longer have the protection of the giant beasts. Facing the charge of the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect, those ordinary How could Yasha resist? Countless of them were directly hit to death by those giant beasts, and even more were directly trampled to death by those giant beasts.

The strength of those giant beasts is very powerful, and this time the Blood Killing Sect has used all their strength, and the number of giant beasts sent out is very large. They have sent out all the giant beasts they left behind before, and this number is There are too many, and it is almost impossible for the people of the Yasha clan to block these giant beasts.

Even if there are a few people who are very lucky to escape the attack of those giant beasts, they will face the attack of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Now the Blood Killing Battle Fort is lined up in a straight line, with all tentacles extended. They came out, waving non-stop, and their height also dropped. They were moving very fast. The impact and the attack of the tentacles caused all the Yashas who were lucky enough to escape to die directly from the blood. Below the Killing Castle.

And those people standing on the back of the giant beast were not idle either. They actually summoned the bread tree and Babel vine directly on the back of the giant beast. Now these two plants can survive by directly absorbing energy. They don't need soil at all, so they can grow on the backs of earth giants. As soon as they grow out, they immediately start throwing out breadfruits one by one. Once these breadfruits are thrown out, they will explode and are very powerful. Huge, and those Babel vines were like iron whips, attacking those Yakhas. Countless Yakshas died in the hands of these two plants, and the charging speed of the Blood Killing Sect army, But it didn't stop for a moment, and at the same time, the mushrooms were still spreading among the Yaksha clan's army.