c7319 Reincarnation Pool (1)

Zhao Hai sat quietly in the main hall, Wen Wenhai and the others were also sitting in the main hall, and everyone was listening to a staff officer from the staff department reporting on the battle situation. "...According to the information we have collected, our Blood Killing Sect has nearly two billion disciples here in Yasha, and we have lost one life. However, our progress is also very obvious. The report is over."

Zhao Hai nodded, then waved his hand, and the staff officer immediately retreated. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone in the hall, and then said: "The loss of two billion sounds like a lot, but compared to us Compared with the people of the Yasha clan who were wiped out, this loss is actually not very big, but if we really talk about it, our loss is not only 2 billion, but also many stone giant aliens, all of which are dead, and Many alien yakshas have also died, and many insect yakshas have also died. We have not counted these, so if we really count them, our losses will still be huge."

No one spoke, they all knew that what Zhao Hai said was right. The giant stone bull alien, the alien yaksha, and the insect yaksha would not be considered among the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect before they awakened their spiritual wisdom, but this time In the battle, they contributed a lot of effort, and the damage was very huge. If all their losses were included, the losses of the Blood Killing Sect in the Yaksha Realm would be huge, even higher than the number reported now. Much bigger.

Zhao Hai then said: "However, our progress is also very obvious. The trap magic circle, the revolving sword wings, the progress of spiritual plants, etc. have made our strength improve very quickly. Of course, the most important thing is that we We also learned the spherical magic circle, improved our skills, and developed the formation skills. These are all very important to our Blood Killing Sect."

Everyone still did not speak. They knew that Zhao Hai still had something to say. Zhao Hai also looked at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone performed very well. I am very happy. I am very satisfied with your performance, but one day , I still want to tell everyone, that is about training. Don’t give up on physical training. Don’t think that since we have passed the level of Yaksha Realm, we can give up on physical training. , that is absolutely not possible. Physical training is related to our strength in the future, which is very important. Let me say something unpleasant, even if one day, we die in battle, we will become As long as you have cultivated your body well during your lifetime, even if you become a Necromancer, your body will still be very good and your strength will still be very strong. Even if you are a member of the Necromancer clan, This life is also lost, and it is the same if you become a life-seed being, because your soul mark will become stronger accordingly, so even if you become a life-death seed being, your practice will still become stronger, which is important for For our entire practice, it is very important, so we must not let it go. Not only can we not let it go, we must also spend more energy on it, do you understand?"

Everyone agreed in unison, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "But I emphasize physical training, which does not mean that you must focus on physical training. You must be good at exploring the advantages of your body. , like Sheng Si, his mental power is naturally abnormal. Should we let him use this advantage? That is obviously impossible. He still has to focus on the training of mental power, because in this way his strength will be better. will become stronger, but at the same time, he also pays great attention to physical training, because he must make his body reach a certain strength and not let his body become a drag on his mental training. You guys It's the same thing. I said, essence, energy, and spirit. These three are the foundation of human cultivation. You should pay attention to which aspect you are strongest and which aspect you have the best talent. You must let yourself The strong side becomes stronger, and you must make sure that your weak side does not become your shortcoming. Only in this way can you truly become stronger."

Everyone agreed again. These principles are actually very simple, but the simpler the principles are, the easier they are to be ignored. Many monks will work hard when they find out which aspect they are strong in and which aspect they are talented in. In terms of training, just think that if you want to become stronger in this aspect, then they will become extremely powerful. Although doing so will make your strength improve very quickly in a short period of time. , but in the long run, it is not advisable. Development must have a balance. The three aspects of essence, qi, and spirit are actually a foundation. This foundation must be allowed to reach a certain balance before you can truly change. Become a strong person.

Zhao Hai said this, in fact, he wanted to remind these people to pay attention to their strongest points and not ignore their weakest points. Just like some physical practitioners, their bodies are strong, but their mental strength is not. He is not very strong, or even very weak, which is undesirable. In the end, his weakest point will definitely become a drag on them. If they are practicing at that time, it will be difficult.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and then said: "Go back and pass on my words. Also, although the Yaksha clan has been destroyed now, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is still there. We have not completely occupied the Yaksha world. We must Only by destroying all the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, completely occupying the Yaksha Realm, and finding the space passage can we truly accomplish anything, do you understand?"

Everyone responded in unison, and Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, let's all go back. We won't be carrying out any attacks in the near future. What you have to do is to completely turn the Yaksha Realm into a Ours, and then we will think of ways to completely turn this place into our territory."

Everyone responded again, and Zhao Hai said: "Go down." Everyone stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, then turned around and left. Now everyone in the Blood Killing Sect is even more wary of Zhao Hai. They have all seen the strength of the God of Yaksha. The God of Yaksha can make all the masters of the Blood Killing Sect unable to attack him just by relying on coercion. With just a few gestures, the Suicidal Sect's fire-filled sky was sent flying backwards.

But such a master could not survive a single round in Zhao Hai's hands. This was a huge shock to the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Only now do they truly know how powerful Zhao Hai is. His strength is no longer on the same level as them.

When Zhao Hai returned to the room, he was also thinking about his previous fight with the Yaksha God. When he fought with the Yaksha God, he suddenly had a whim and directly input his spiritual energy into his Dharma Appearance. , he had never thought that his Dharma Appearance would appear, but who knew that his Dharma Appearance suddenly appeared. In this case, the Dharma Appearance actually destroyed the God of Yaksha with one move. What a surprise.

He also discovered that when his Dharma Appearance appeared, the power of the laws of this space suppressed him even more, but the strength he could exert was also more powerful. Between the eight arms of his Dharma Appearance, , the magical weapons held by each arm became extremely powerful. This time he just used the moon-supporting mani to hit the Yaksha god, but in the end, the result was like this. He actually killed the Yaksha god in one go. To be honest, he himself was very surprised by such strength.

Zhao Hai now also understands why he has become so powerful. It is because he turned all the runes in his spiritual energy into a spherical array, and the energy contained in the spherical array is too great. When the energy is input into the Dharma, the Dharma breaks through the suppression of the power of the law and shows part of its power. This is already very amazing.

In other words, the power of laws in this space is not insurmountable. As long as you are strong enough, you can completely ignore these powers. This is Zhao Hai's biggest discovery. Zhao Hai wants to do well now. Do some research and see if it is really possible to use the Dharma in this space.

The space that Zhao Hai refers to does not only refer to the Yaksha Realm, but the power of Dharma can be used in several other realms. Only in this way will it be of great help to Zhao Hai, because Zhao Hai discovered that when a person summons When Dharma helps you fight, it is completely different from fighting by yourself. It is a completely different feeling.

When you summon the dharma image to help you fight, you feel as if your soul is getting out of your body and is completely integrated with your dharma image. You become extremely powerful. This feeling is A completely new feeling, it takes a while to get used to it before you can learn how to use it. If they can really use the Dharma here, then they can learn it carefully. When they go to the outside world, they can use the Dharma. When they do it, they save the process of adaptation, which is definitely a good thing for them.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai wants to remember this feeling. He wants to know if he can develop a method to use the Dharma here. As long as he can develop a method, what will happen to the Blood Killing Sect? The help will be huge. It is precisely because of thinking of this that Zhao Hai did this.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now all understand what Zhao Hai means, and they have begun the final cleanup of the Yaksha Realm. Now it is actually very simple to clean up the Yaksha Realm, because almost all the people of the Yaksha Clan have been After they have been wiped out, even if there are still some people left, there are only a small number of people who pose no threat to the Blood Killing Sect at all, so cleaning them up is very simple.

As the Yaksha Realm was slowly cleared out, the people of the Blood Killing Sect finally found the biggest secret of the Yaksha Realm. The biggest secret of the Yaksha Realm was nothing else. It was a pool in the Yaksha Realm. And this pool is very famous in the Yaksha world. This is the basis for the survival of the Yaksha clan in the Yaksha world, the reincarnation pool.

After a member of the Yaksha clan dies, his clan members will put his Yaksha teeth into this reincarnation pool, and a new Yaksha will be born in his country. It can be said that the reincarnation pool is where the Yaksha clan survives. fundamental.