c7313 the person behind

The reason why Zhao Hai told Wen Yuming and the others this was because he wanted to remind them. In fact, he already had some clues in his mind, so he said this to Wen Yuming and the others. However, he still had to tell them about the specific things. He didn't do any research, but the general direction was already there, so he gave Wen Yuming and the others a direction, and let them carry out the specific research. He wouldn't interfere too much. After all, the blood was killing now. The sect has Shenji Hall, Lingzhi Hall, Lingzhi Hall, and other halls. If he can do everything, then why are these halls needed?

Wen Yuming still didn't quite understand what Zhao Hai meant, but he still responded. He knew that Zhao Hai would not waste words. Now that Zhao Hai said this, there must be a reason for him, so he directly said After responding without saying anything, Zhao Hai waved his hand and let the two of them leave.

After the two left, Zhao Hai returned to the room. Laura and the others were waiting for him. As soon as she saw Zhao Hai coming back, Laura smiled at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Hai, you have these two words." By reminding Hu Wei and Yu Yu, they can avoid a lot of detours, which is a good thing for them."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It would be good to remind them appropriately. By the way, how is the situation at Master Yao's place? Have new people joined our Blood Killing Sect recently?" Yao Jianhao's attention is now focused on the black and white battlefield. At the ascension platform there, people ascend every day. Yao Jianhao will also send a group of ascended people to the Blood Killing Sect every once in a while to replenish the Blood Killing Sect with fresh blood. Zhao Hai said about this matter. It is also taken very seriously.

Laura smiled and said: "Don't worry, he just sent a group of people to our Blood Killing Sect a few days ago. Some of the people he sent before have performed well and have now become peripheral disciples. Yes, that’s good. There are some people who are not amenable to discipline, but they are all dealt with, but there are very few of them, so you don’t have anything to worry about.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "That's good. Now it seems that this level in Yaksha Realm has been passed. I just don't know what the next level is, but no matter what it is, none of the remaining levels are. It's easy to deal with, we have to be more careful. This is why I preached to all the people in the sect before. Let them practice more and make their bodies stronger, which will make their strength stronger. , become stronger so that they can cope with the next battle. Each of these spaces has different settings, but they all have their own characteristics. It seems that the people who designed these spaces in the first place also He didn't put much thought into it, he might just be testing the disciples, but now, he has become a problem for us."

Laura said in a deep voice: "Brother Hai, I think there is nothing wrong with this. Under the pressure of these dimensions, the strength of our Blood Killing Sect disciples has improved very quickly. If we really appeared directly in Wanwan There may not be such an opportunity in the mountain world. If you ascend there directly, you will definitely find a sect to join first, and then slowly practice, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not have it. Given such an opportunity, they can only practice slowly, so that our strength will not increase so quickly, which is not necessarily a good thing for us."

Zhao Hai nodded, then sighed and said: "Yeah, it's not necessarily a good thing. What I'm most worried about is the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is really weird. , the attack power is too strong. The power of the Shadow Clan Law in the lower realm has been destroyed by us. However, I really don’t know if it is really destroyed. If not, then the power of the shadow clan in the lower realm will be destroyed by us. In terms of power, I am afraid that no one is an opponent of the power of the Shadow Clan Law. Slowly, the power of the Shadow Clan Law may take over all the interfaces. This is not good news for us."

"So you want to hurry up and find the person behind the power of the Shadow Clan's Laws and get rid of him? Cut off the power of the Shadow Clan's Laws from the root?" Laura looked at Zhao Hai. They were the most powerful ones. People who know Zhao Hai, so when they heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Yes, that's what it means. To find the person behind the power of the Shadow Clan's Law and kill him is to cut off the roots of the Shadow Clan. Then we will take care of the Shadow Clan's Law." With the power, it is simpler and easier. After all, we are from the world of cultivation, and I don’t want to see the interface of the world of cultivation swallowed up by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan."

Laura nodded and said: "That's true. If the interface of the cultivation world is really swallowed up by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will become extremely powerful. By then, We are afraid that we are in danger. Even if we retreat into space, we may not be able to escape this disaster."

Zhao Hai nodded solemnly. This is exactly what he thought. The power of the Shadow Clan's Laws is very aggressive. Once the power of the Shadow Clan's Laws discovers the space, then the Shadow Clan's Laws will The force will definitely oppress and attack the laws of space. If it really comes to that point, he is really not necessarily sure that he can keep the space. If he cannot keep the space, they will naturally be finished. This is what he is most worried about.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai wants to make the Blood Killing Sect stronger as soon as possible. When the Blood Killing Sect becomes stronger, he can lead the Blood Killing Sect to defeat all enemies and finally find the person behind the Shadow Clan. Then remove that person. Only in this way can he be truly safe.

In the following days, the Blood Killing Sect first took a rest. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not directly participate in the battle this time, and there were not even any casualties, their rest before was not very sufficient. Now naturally They needed to take a good rest, so the Blood Killing Sect was not in a hurry to attack.

After five days, the Blood Killing Sect finally began to attack. This time they attacked across the board. All Blood Killing Sect disciples attacked together, attacking the Yasha clan from all directions. In this attack, they did not Mushrooms were not used. Only the Dixing Yaksha was prepared to use mushrooms. Others were not allowed to use mushrooms.

But even so, the Blood Killing Sect's attack was very smooth. What they faced were all ordinary Yaksha cities. In those Yaksha cities, there was no ability to resist the Blood Killing Sect's army, so the Blood Killing Sect's The attack went very smoothly, and cities in the Yaksha Realm were captured one after another.

During this process, the people of the Yaksha Clan also resisted, and some masters of the Yaksha Clan also attacked the Blood Killing Sect. However, the Blood Killing Sect also had masters, and they also had radars. Even if the opponent's masters wanted to It was impossible to sneak attack them. Some masters of the Yasha clan wanted to form a team to sneak attack them. In the end, they were surrounded and annihilated by the Blood Killing Sect several times. Although some people escaped, those masters were really scared. I don't dare to attack them any more.

In this way, the territory of the Blood Killing Sect became larger and larger. Finally, they found that they could no longer see a city of the Yasha clan. Even if they could see the city, there was no one in the city. When they saw this situation, the Blood Killing Sect The people of the sect knew that the people of the Yasha clan must have gathered everyone together and prepared to fight them desperately.

Thinking of this, the Blood Killing Sect's attack became even faster. Everyone was pushing forward desperately. In only about two months, they had captured most of the areas in the Yasha Realm. And there was almost no battle during this period.

When they occupied four-fifths of the entire Yasha Realm, they finally encountered resistance. The army of the Blood Killing Clan stood in front of them. At the same time, blocking them in front of them was a huge defense. This line of defense looks somewhat similar to the one established by the Snake Demon Prince, but it is much larger than that line of defense.

Zhao Hai stood on the back of the Xuanwu Space, quietly looking at the defense line of the Yaksha Clan in the distance. The defense line of the Yaksha Clan may have reached a hundred thousand miles in total. They were all made up of city walls. The height of the city walls It is about ten feet long, and there are actually several city walls inside the defense line. These walls can cooperate with each other, and the defense seems to be very strong.

There is actually a protective shield above the defense line, and inside the defense line, you can clearly see countless fat cows, eight-legged cows, and floating islands. Countless yakshas, ​​like ants, are busy there. , preparing for the battle with the Blood Killing Sect, it is really hard to see how big this defense line is, but what is certain is that the Yasha clan has probably gathered everyone here, preparing to attack the Blood Killing Sect. Sha Zong made his final resistance.

Zhao Hai looked beyond this huge defense line and looked behind it. He couldn't see clearly what was behind the defense line, but he felt a different energy from there. It was a kind of living energy. , but in that raw energy, there is also a trace of law power. This kind of energy is very weird, and that is where Zhao Hai cares most.

Wen Wenhai obviously didn't feel this. He just looked at the line of defense, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Boss, look, here at this line of defense, the Yasha clan can put all their power here. , as long as we take this place, the Yaksha clan will be finished."

Zhao Hai withdrew his gaze, looked at the line of defense, and then said in a deep voice: "What are the results of the radar reconnaissance?" Zhao Hai really didn't pay attention to these people of the Yasha clan, he just didn't want to kill the sect with blood. At the last moment, the enemy will be tricked, so this question arises.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment, then his expression couldn't help but change slightly, and then he said in a deep voice: "With radar, you can't see the situation on the other side. It seems that the enemy has found a way to restrain our radar. method? So that means their trap array can be used?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I'm trying the mushrooms to see if they can be used. If they can't be used, then we'll have to wait for a hard battle. This time the Yaksha clan really has to fight hard, because this is their last resort." If they lose this place, they will really have nothing left."