c7318 Destroy the enemy

Zhao Hai stood there, forming a seal with his hands, and then said loudly: "Lin." Following his voice, a shadow suddenly appeared on his body. This shadow could be vaguely seen, it was a ten-year-old building. A phantom of an eight-armed Buddha, this giant Buddha stands tall on the sky and on the ground. The eleven faces have different expressions, but they reveal incomparable majesty.

As soon as this big Buddha appeared, the entire Yaksha Realm was immediately arranged. Everyone looked at the big Buddha blankly. Wen Wenhai even murmured: "Didn't you say that you can't use Dharma here? Why, boss?" But can you use the Dharma image? Isn’t this great Buddha the Dharma image of the head?"

No one answered his words. Everyone stared blankly at the big Buddha. At the same time, people also noticed that Zhao Hai had completely disappeared. The next moment, the eleven eyes of the big Buddha opened at the same time. , all eyes were directed at the Yaksha God.

The God of Yaksha was also extremely surprised after seeing the big Buddha, but he did not flinch. Instead, he roared wildly, drove the sitting dragon and rushed straight towards the big Buddha, and The big Buddha looked at the Yaksha God, and then he moved his hand, and a blue sphere in one hand slammed towards the Yaksha God. The Yaksha God roared wildly, and the long halberd in his hand was directed towards the big Buddha. Hit it with your hand.

I heard a bang, and a white light appeared in the sky, which made everyone feel a little blinded. Everyone closed their eyes, but they used their ears to listen desperately to the sounds of the outside world, wanting to hear the outside world. There were many sounds, but strangely, there was no sound at all outside.

After a while, everyone felt that their eyes were getting better. They slowly opened their eyes. When they looked around, they suddenly felt that the surroundings had suddenly returned to silence. When they looked up, they were shocked. When I was stunned, I saw two figures standing there in the sky. One was Zhao Hai. The big Buddha on Zhao Hai had disappeared, and he just stood there quietly.

Opposite Zhao Hai, there is an ice sculpture standing. This ice sculpture is very huge. It is the God of Yaksha. The God of Yaksha still maintains the look of holding a halberd and long strikes, and the expression on his face is extremely ferocious, but His expression was now frozen on his face, and his body could not move. His whole body had turned into an ice sculpture.

Zhao Hai looked at the ice sculpture of the God of Yaksha and couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "Well, you are also thinking about the entire Yaksha clan. Dust will return to dust, soil will return to earth. The mission of the Yaksha clan for so many years has been completed. Even races that should not appear in this world should disappear from this world, but maybe we can resurrect you, the Yasha clan, in another form, so don’t be too persistent." After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai waved his hand gently, and a breeze blew up. When the ice sculpture was blown by the wind, it slowly turned into sand, and finally turned into a wisp of smoke and disappeared. However, from his body, there was A huge Yaksha tooth fell out. This Yaksha tooth looked as long as an elephant's tusk. At the same time, there was an indescribable sense of majesty on this Yaksha tooth. You know, it's not an ordinary thing.

Zhao Hai put away the Yaksha teeth, and then he looked at the Yaksha clan below, but didn't say anything. He moved and disappeared in mid-air. Although Zhao Hai left, the people of the Blood Slaughter Sect did not leave. When they saw that Zhao Hai had taken care of the Yasha God so easily, they were naturally extremely excited. They immediately cheered, and then everyone Everyone rushed towards the Yaksha clan’s army.

The morale of the Yaksha clan, which they had raised before, dropped to freezing point in an instant. The God of Yaksha, how domineering he was when he appeared before, but in the end it became like this. How could they accept it? , the people of the Yasha clan felt that they were going crazy. They felt as if they were dreaming before, and it was an unreal dream.

At this time, the Lion Heart Emperor suddenly used all his strength and shouted: "Yaksha tribe, the time has come to fight for your life. Instead of being killed while escaping, it is better to fight with them. Kill one and it will be enough. Kill two." Punish one and kill him." After saying that, he commanded Lion Heart Island and began to charge forward.

Wen Wenhai looked at the attack of the Yaksha clan, and he said calmly: "In the attack, we must make sure that they all disappear. The leader has destroyed the last trump card of the Yaksha clan. The rest will be handed over to Let's attack." Everyone responded, and then began to attack with all their strength, and the battle began again.

The Lion Heart Emperor also felt that the forbidden air formation here seemed to have completely disappeared. Their floating island was slowly flying into the sky, and the disciples below could fly into the air. Now, he knew that they were really doomed this time. If there was a forbidden air circle, they could still resist for a while. Now that the forbidden air circle has completely disappeared, they are afraid that they are not even qualified to resist in the end.

The Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help but raise his head to the sky and let out a long roar. Then he moved and rushed towards the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. All the masters in Lion Heart Island also followed the Lion Heart Emperor and rushed towards the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. , and just when they flew in front of the Blood Killing Sect's army and were about to take action, they found that a group of Blood Killing Sect people suddenly appeared in front of them, blocking their way.

The Lionheart Emperor took a look at the people blocking his way and found that these people were all wearing red clothes and armor, but their armor looked more like decoration and did not seem to have any defensive capabilities. , as soon as he saw these people, he knew that their identities were definitely extraordinary. The Lion Heart Emperor couldn't help but snorted coldly: "Give me your name. I have been fighting with you for so long, and I still don't know your names. It’s ridiculous.”

The man who stopped him smiled slightly and said: "Wen Wenhai, the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect, is polite. I wonder who you are?" Wen Wenhai looked at the Lion Heart Emperor. He really had never seen the Lion Heart Emperor before, and There was almost no contact between the two of them, and the contact they had was always in combat, so it was impossible for him to know who the other party was.

The Lion-Heart Emperor looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "The Lion-Heart Emperor of the Lion-Heart Kingdom, the blood-slaying sect, suffer death." After the Lion-Heart Emperor finished speaking, he attacked Wen Wenhai, holding the But it is a big sword. This big sword is his real weapon. Few people know that his real weapon will be this big sword because he has not used this big sword for many years.

The people who were following him all took out their own magic weapons and attacked the people of the Blood Killing Sect. For a moment, both sides were fighting together. At this time, other masters of the Yasha clan, He also got into a fight with the masters of the Blood Killing Sect. The two sides were going back and forth, and the fight was nothing short of fun.

At this time, countless figures flew up from the ground below. These people were all wearing heavy armor and holding a large sword in their hands. They also joined the battle group. These people were not afraid of death. The most important thing is that they can transform and change into any shape. This fighting method surprised everyone in the Yasha clan.

These people are naturally the puppet disciples. The puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have now also found their way of attack. They have used the word "bian" to its fullest extent. They can change into any shape, and even they are almost impossible to kill. , facing such an enemy, no matter who it is, there will be pressure.

The battle between the two sides has continued, but because there are many more masters in the Blood Killing Sect than the Yasha clan, although their strength may be worse than that of the Yasha clan, in terms of numbers, they account for the absolute majority The advantage, coupled with the presence of the puppet clan, who were invincible, and their attack made the people of the Yasha clan feel tremendous pressure.

Finally, the Yasha clan suffered casualties, and with the increase in casualties, the situation was completely turning to the side of the Blood Killing Sect. One by one, people were killed by the Blood Killing Sect, and every time a person died, the Blood Killing Sect This will free up more manpower to deal with them. In the end, they will have fewer and fewer people, and the situation will become more and more passive.

When there were less than a hundred masters of the Yaksha clan in the end, they were completely surrounded by the Blood Killing Sect. The Lion Heart Emperor held a big sword in his hand and looked at the Blood Killing Sect members who were slowly approaching them. There was a wry smile on the man's face. He looked at the man of the Yaksha clan and said: "The Blood Killer Sect is indeed powerful, but the only people in our Yaksha clan who died in battle are those who died in battle. Let us fight to the death today." After speaking, the lion The Heart Emperor rushed towards Wen Wenhai, and other members of the Yasha clan also made the final charge.

An hour later, Wen Wenhai took out his long sword from the Lion Heart Emperor's body. The Lion Heart Emperor moved his mouth twice. Finally, his eyes slowly lost their luster, and his whole body turned into a wisp of black smoke. Disappeared, and the Lion Heart Emperor was already the last master of the Yasha clan. The others had long been killed by the Blood Killing Sect.

Withdrawing his long knife, Wen Wenhai sighed lightly. Then he turned around and looked around, and found that the battle between the Blood Killing Sect and the Yaksha Clan was still going on, but the situation was also one-sided. The Yaksha Clan had now been killed by the Blood Sect. The killing clan's army is surrounded and is being divided and eliminated. Under this situation, the Yasha clan has no hope of making a comeback.

Looking at this situation, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice: "It's finally over. I really didn't expect that the Yaksha clan would be so difficult to deal with. We have wasted a lot of money here in the Yaksha world. time, but we also learned a lot, and fortunately this battle is about to end."

Chang Jun also put away his long sword, glanced around, and said solemnly: "Yes, it's over. This time is the most difficult battle we have fought. The Yaksha clan has indeed brought us a lot of trouble." Trouble, this is okay, this just reminds us not to underestimate any enemy. It also reminds us that we will encounter more difficult enemies in the future, and we must be careful. Let's go, go back, The overall situation is settled, there is nothing good to see." Wen Wenhai nodded, greeted everyone, and moved,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.