c7323 Lingzhi

After hearing that they had just left, Hu Wei came to Zhao Hai's room. When Zhao Hai saw Hu Wei, he couldn't help but smile and said, "Hu Wei is here, but what's the matter?" Zhao Hai didn't care about this Hu Wei. But I admire her very much. Although she is ugly, she is very smart, and her talent as a planter is also very strong. Therefore, he is actually very optimistic about Hu Wei, otherwise he would not let her Become the master of Lingzhi Hall.

Hu Wei saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, our research on war plants in Lingzhi Hall has made great progress recently. We found that war plants can be refined twice, and war plants that have been refined twice Zhi, its combat power is very powerful, we have done some experiments, so we came here to talk to the sect leader."

When Zhao Hai heard what Hu Wei said, he was stunned, and then he couldn't help but smile and said: "Oh? Secondary refining? I have never thought of this. Come sit down and talk carefully about what's going on. "Hu Wei responded, walked to the futon in front of Zhao Hai and sat down.

Then Hu Wei took out a seed and a jade slip and gave it to Zhao Haidao: "Sect Master, this seed is one of our experimental seeds. This seed is a bread tree seed, a bread tree that has been refined twice." The seeds, the jade slip contains the refining method." After saying that, she handed the seeds and jade slip to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai took the seed and the jade slip. He did not look at the jade slip first, but took a closer look at the seed. Then he said in a deep voice: "This is interesting. There is a trace of death in this seed." , there is death in life, but there is a trace of vitality in the death, and there is life in death, it is really good."

After saying that, he turned to look at the jade slip. With a sweep of his mental energy, he already knew the contents of the jade slip. After reading the contents of the jade slip, Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded repeatedly and said in a deep voice: "That's right. It’s really good, I really didn’t expect that you guys would come up with such a method, hahaha, not bad, it’s really good.”

Hu Wei also had a smile on her face. She was very satisfied with her war plant refining this time. In fact, this war plant refining was really a first of its kind. Not even Zhao Hai had it. Thinking of this method, but Hu Wei and the others thought of it, Zhao Hai had to have a feeling of admiration for Hu Wei and the others.

Hu Wei and the others' seed refining method this time was really good. They first used the normal method to refine the war plant, and refined an ordinary plant seed into a war plant. When using it, You can release the war plants directly, and these war plants are the bread trees, Babel vines and dodder seeds that the Blood Killer Sect used before against their enemies. Those are considered war plants.

Hu Wei's improvement lies in the second step. In the second step, they released the war plants, let them grow, and then refined the war plants using the method of refining undead creatures. They refined the war plants. The method of making undead creatures is of course different from Zhao Hai's, but the Blood Killing Sect's method of making undead creatures is also very advanced.

Hu Wei and the others use this method of refining undead creatures to refine the war plants into seeds at one time. After the seeds are refined twice, the seeds will change, so that the war plants released at one time will have There is a hint of the characteristics of the undead clan. Their leaves will become very few. On the contrary, the branches will become very hard. Of course, there will still be fruits, which can still be thrown out to attack the enemy, and they are still very powerful. .

Of course, the biggest feature is that they can move around on their own. They can move like monsters. Although they still don’t move too fast, they are not slow either. The most important thing is that they can also It can fly. The combat effectiveness of such a combat plant is much stronger than before.

Zhao Hai had never thought of such a secondary refining method before. He never thought that Hu Wei and the others would come up with such a method. No wonder there is life in death and death in life. , it turns out that’s why, it’s no wonder. Originally Zhan Zhi Na was a living plant. Hu Wei and the others used the method of refining undead creatures to refine it. If they use this method to treat people, they would use refining corpses. If you use this method to refine a person, the final product will be a living dead. However, the power of the war plant refined by this method is very huge, which no one expected.

Zhao Hai then took out the seed and immediately excited the seed. As soon as the seed was excited, Zhao Hai waved his hand and a white mask directly covered the seed. After the mask covered the seed After that, the bread tree growing out of the seed shrank in an instant, as if it had shrunk countless times in one go, growing in that light mask.

Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the light mask directly covered the war plant and fell in front of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at the war plant in the light mask. This war plant was very strange. Although the whole war plant now looked It is very small, but Zhao Hai knows that it is because the war plant has shrunk countless times before it appears so small. If it is really released, the height of this war plant will not be less than ten feet. This war plant will not be less than ten feet tall. The war plant is not as lush as the original war plant. This war plant does not seem to have so many leaves, and there are very few twigs. There are only a dozen long branches, and each long branch is very tall. They are thick and all black. You can tell at a glance that the defense of these long branches is very strong.

The most important thing is that there are some basketball-sized fruits growing on these long branches. These fruits hang on the branches like meteor hammers. At a glance, you can tell that their attack power is very extraordinary. The most important thing is that Zhao Hai also knows that this fruit can be thrown out to attack the enemy. After the fruit explodes, it will be very similar to the original bread tree. It can be said that this is really a very powerful main battle plant. .

This kind of war plant does not require soil. It can move and fly. It is very powerful and has amazing defense. It can also carry out long-range attacks. Such a war plant is really born for fighting. It can be called a war plant. . Of course, the most important thing is that this method of refining war plants seems to be really feasible.

The feasibility of this method means that they can use this method to refine other plants. It is possible that some plants that looked very ordinary in the past will become very powerful after being refined in this way. From this point of view, the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect will be improved again in the future.

Zhao Hai was really satisfied with Hu Wei's research. He waved his hand and the white mask disappeared, and the war plant turned into a seed. Zhao Hai gave the seed to Hu Wei and the jade slip. He looked at Hu Wei, and then he said in a deep voice: "Your research is very outstanding. This will make you, the plant master, more and more important in the sect. Work hard. By the way, if you have time, you should also Go and have a look at Shenji Hall. Recently, Shenji Hall has made great progress in the research on Yasha teeth. Take a look and see if their research will inspire you. Go ahead and use this method. To make it more perfect, you can all experiment with the plants in the sect to see which plant is the most suitable for our Blood Killing Sect to use. Go ahead." Hu Wei responded and stood up. He bowed to Zhao Hai, took the jade slips and seeds and left.

When Hu Wei left, Zhao Hai couldn't help but laugh. He really didn't expect that Hu Wei and the others could do so well. This really made him feel happy. Now that the Blood Killing Sect has left him , can also develop very well, which is exactly what he hopes.

Of course, this does not mean that he wants to leave the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, he will not leave the Blood Killing Sect because there is no need at all. The Blood Killing Sect and him are one and the same, and he drags the Blood Killing Sect forward. , when the Blood Killing Sect has strength, they will push him forward from behind, but no matter what, he has to get in front of the Blood Killing Sect, and can protect the Blood Killing Sect from wind and rain.

As soon as Hu Wei left, Laura and the others arrived at Zhao Hai's room. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "Brother Hai, it's really good. I didn't expect that there are both Shenji Hall and Lingzhi Hall." Good news is coming, it seems like today is a really good day, all the good news we have received is good.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned. Then he looked at Laura and said: "What? Listening to what you said, it seems that you have good news there? If you have any good news, just tell it directly. "Zhao Hai heard that there was something in Laura's words, so he asked like this.

Laura smiled and said: "You really guessed it right, Brother Hai, we also have good news to tell you. This news has something to do with the Spirit Beast Hall. How about it? Do you want to hear it?" Laura As he spoke, he looked at Zhao Hai slyly, like a child who wanted to play a prank.

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help but smile slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Of course I have to listen. The Spirit Beast Hall has been relatively quiet recently, so I knew they must be thinking of a way. How about it? Where are they? If you have any good results, please show them to me."

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help but smile and said: "Brother Hai, you really guessed it right. The Spiritual Beast Hall has really been immersed in research, and now it finally has results. As for the Spiritual Beast Hall, You should also be very clear that those guys in the Spirit Beast Hall mainly study magic bugs. They don’t study much about other monsters. However, their recent research on magic bugs is There’s been a lot of progress.”

Having said this, Laura paused for a moment, and then said: "The disciples in the Spirit Beast Hall used magic bugs to attack the enemy before, but after absorbing the energy of the Shadow Clan, those magic bugs can quickly It grew and evolved, but in the end it was somewhat out of control, which also gave them a headache. Therefore, the guys at the Spirit Beast Hall have been thinking of ways to refine new magic bugs recently. They want to take a look. Is there any way to change the problem of uncontrollable magic bugs? Unexpectedly, it really made them think that they are learning from the alien clan's way of survival. Brother Hai, do you understand what I mean?" Having said this, Laura looked at Zhao Hai with a smile on her face, wanting to hear his answer.