c7326 Assessment

When this new war plant seed and the life seed are combined together, a very strange energy cycle is formed between the two seeds. There is death in life, life in death, a kind of life and death. Energy circulates, and after this refining, the life seed can not only be regarded as a life for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it can also become a weapon.

In the past, the life seeds could only stay in the inner space of the external incarnation of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but now it is different. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can release the life seeds and let the life seeds become their helpers. These life seeds can become A weapon can also be a helper. Even the life seed only needs to release its own energy of life and death to help the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It uses the power of life to help the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect regain their strength and recover from injuries. Attack the enemy with the power of death.

Because this life seed has nothing to do with the magic circle, even if the magic circle is restricted, the energy of this life seed can still be used, and this is what Zhao Hai is most satisfied with. After such progress in his research, Zhao Hai was also very happy. He directly asked Wen Wenhai and others to make some preparations and come up with a charter to see what kind of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could obtain treatment.

Now Zhao Hai has also learned to use sect methods to treat these Blood Killing Sect disciples. This does not mean that he wants to use this method to control the Blood Killing Sect disciples. In fact, all Blood Killing Sect disciples will have External incarnation, as long as you have an external incarnation, you are controlled by Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai will never use this method to deal with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, this is also different from the Blood Killing Sect. His disciples have never betrayed him.

The most important reason why Zhao Hai uses this method to treat the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is to motivate the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He wants the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to have a progressive heart. He wants the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to have a progressive heart. Disciples see that if you practice hard and your strength is strong, you will get more benefits. But if your strength is not enough and you don’t practice hard, you will get nothing, not even the materials for cultivation. , will be much less than others, and the treatment they receive will be very different.

People are like this sometimes. If you give everyone the same thing, some people may become lazy, but if you give them different treatment, they will work harder. You have to make them They always have a goal, rather than letting them know that no matter whether they do good or bad, they will get the same thing. In that case, those who do well will gradually stop doing well. Because they will think that even if I don't do so well, I will get the same thing, so why should I work hard? This kind of thinking will destroy the entire Blood Killing Sect.

Later, after their discussion, they finally came to a result. Different from the identity and strength of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the things given to them were also different. Like the Death Soldiers, in this incident, they had everything. However, the outer disciples can only get the Yaksha teeth, the outer disciples can get the mother worm, the formal disciples can get the Yaksha teeth and the mother worm, and the true disciples can get the Yaksha teeth, the mother worm, and the body with them. In addition to the methods of combining outer incarnations with external incarnations, core disciples can also obtain new life seeds and methods of refining and using life seeds.

Step by step like this, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can learn how to work hard. You must know that what happened this time is very important to the Blood Killing Sect, because this upgrade will improve the Blood Killing Sect. The strength of the disciples themselves, not the strength of the magic circle, is really important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

After what happened this time, Zhao Hai did not immediately order an attack on another interface. Instead, he asked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to practice hard. He was going to conduct an assessment. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also knew that there was going to be an assessment, and they practiced harder one by one. They all knew that this assessment was not just about attacking the next interface, but it was also related to their future and destiny.

The reason why this is related to their future and destiny is because if they achieve good results, then maybe they can directly improve their level in the sect, like a peripheral disciple, if they perform well during the assessment Well, maybe you will directly become an outer disciple or a formal disciple. This is very important, because the improvement of status level also means the improvement of treatment, which is what all Blood Killing Sect disciples dream of.

Zhao Hai is also very clear about this situation. He actually likes to see this situation very much, because he knows very well that allowing the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to compete fairly like this will not be the best for the Blood Killing Sect. It is a good thing that competition does not mean that it is all-encompassing. The intensity must be controlled and healthy competition should be achieved instead of vicious competition.

Zhao Hai did not let them get the Yasha teeth and poisonous insects and then conduct the assessment immediately. Instead, he gave them a month's opportunity. After one month, they will conduct the assessment. The assessment is not a simple actual combat. That is really meaningless to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because some disciples do work that does not require actual combat at all. If actual combat is used for assessment, then for those disciples, it is really meaningless. It's so unfair.

The assessment of the Blood Killing Sect is conducted in their real illusion. For all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, after entering the real illusion, how strong you are outside will be how strong you are in the real illusion. Strength is absolutely unmistakable, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have no objections to the assessment being conducted in a real illusion.

The assessment of the Blood Killing Sect this time is divided into several categories. One is the assessment of spiritual energy level. The second is the assessment of physical cultivation. The third is the assessment of mental strength. These three items will be combined in the end and an average score will be taken. I will give you an opinion and tell you that you need to work harder in that aspect next. It will also let you know what method you should use to practice.

In addition to this kind of assessment, there is also the assessment of professional skills. Almost everyone of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knows something else, such as alchemy, weapon refining, etc., and they all know a little bit. The assessment is not only to test your strength, but also to see if you have any talents in other areas. If you are talented, you may be assigned to other halls.

After the professional skills assessment, there is the actual combat assessment. This type of actual combat is different from the ordinary actual combat assessment. The enemies they have to deal with are not one or two, but many, but they are fighting with wheels, and these enemies are all real. The people transformed in the illusion are not real people, but these enemies come from all races and are good at different things. They also include shadow tribes and monsters. It can be said that this assessment is The most stringent.

Of course, some professional disciples do not need to undergo this kind of assessment, but they will be subject to professional assessment. For example, the disciples at Shenji Hall, their main job is to practice alchemy or magic formations. Work, this kind of work is very important, and this time the assessment will test this aspect. For example, if you are good at refining weapons, you will be given a task of refining weapons, and you must complete the task within the specified time. It counts as passing the assessment. If it is not completed, it does not count as passing the assessment. Disciples who fail the assessment will be punished. If their performance is too poor, they will be transferred out of Shenji Hall and transferred to the team. , this is not good news for the disciples in Shenji Hall.

In the Blood Killing Sect, Shenji Hall is a place that almost everyone wants to go to, because the welfare there is the best and the least dangerous. If you are really transferred to a team If you go, not only will your welfare be reduced, but it will also be dangerous, so no one from Shenji Hall wants to be transferred from Shenji Hall.

This time the assessment is all conducted in the real illusion. The invigilator is the real illusion. Because it is absolutely impossible to deceive how you behave in the real illusion, so this assessment is absolutely fair. , To be fair, naturally no one from the Blood Killing Sect’s disciples would object.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are also working hard for this assessment. They are not only practicing hard, but also working hard to improve their professional knowledge. Some Blood Killing Sect disciples have been preparing for a long time. , they just hope that through this opportunity, they can directly enter a hall like Shenji Hall.

Zhao Hai did not say anything about the performance of his disciples. In fact, although the disciples in Shenji Hall were very safe, it did not mean that they had no actual combat ability. How could Zhao Hai commit such a crime? As for such a mistake, if the disciples in Shenji Hall really have no strength at all, then what if they really encounter any trouble in the future and they must also participate in the war?

Therefore, in the Blood Killing Sect, even branches like Shenji Hall, which will never participate in the war again, will conduct actual combat training for a few days every month. Of course, this actual combat training is conducted in a real illusion. , so it is absolutely impossible to say that the people in Shenji Hall have no actual combat ability. They just do not have as rich combat experience as the disciples of the main team. When it comes to combat effectiveness, they may be a little worse. Son, but it should not be underestimated.

The Blood Killing Sect was in this tense atmosphere. A month passed. During this month, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were very busy every day, busy practicing and learning other things. Anyway, everyone was very busy. Busy, Zhao Haidao liked seeing such an atmosphere, but he didn't show it, he just stood aside and watched quietly.

In the blink of an eye, a month passed, and today it was time for the assessment. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered the real illusion, and then the assessment began. Various assessments began directly, and Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai were all sitting in the hall waiting to disappear. This time the test was not difficult. One day was enough, and the results would be available soon.