c7325 explain

Zhao Hai was sitting in the main hall, and Wen Wenhai and the other core elders of the Blood Killing Sect were also sitting in the main hall. Looking at these people, Zhao Hai couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face, and then said: "This time, let's bring everyone together." I called here just to tell you about our arrangements for the next period of time so that everyone can be mentally prepared."

When Wen Wenhai and others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all shocked. Then they all looked at Zhao Hai and waited for Zhao Hai's instructions. They really wanted to know what arrangements they would have in the next period of time. To be honest, after wiping out the Yasha clan, they all wanted to attack another interface right away, but Zhao Hai didn't say anything, so they naturally didn't dare to take action. Now when they heard Zhao Hai say this, they were naturally shocked. .

Looking at their looks, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "I know, everyone wants to attack another interface right away. To be honest, I want to, but I can't do it recently. We still have to make some preparations." , when we are all ready, we are attacking another interface, not now."

The reason why Zhao Hai thought of telling Wen Wenhai and the others this was because of what Laura had asked him before. Laura began to ask him when he would attack another interface. This made Zhao Hai realize that the other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must also be very He thought that he would immediately attack another interface. If he didn't explain it clearly to them, they might keep this matter in their hearts. This was not necessarily a good thing for them, so Zhao Hai turned everyone around We gathered together and prepared to make it clear to them, letting them all know that they would not attack another interface in a short period of time, so as not to keep them thinking about it.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then they were all a little stunned. They didn't know why Zhao Hai said that. Now they have nothing to do at all. In the last battle, they almost didn't use blood to kill the clan. The disciples put in too much effort. In this case, they didn't need much rest. Why couldn't they attack the next interface immediately? This made them all feel very puzzled.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and knew what they were thinking. He smiled slightly and said: "I know everyone is wondering why we don't attack another interface right away. In fact, there is a reason why I did this. I have told you that these interfaces will become more and more difficult to deal with. First, these interfaces may be set up in this way during the shortest refining period, which is to make them more and more difficult to deal with, because this is the A test for disciples of different levels cannot be all of the same difficulty, so it would be meaningless. However, there is another reason that makes these interfaces more and more difficult to deal with, and that is the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. "

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "When we occupied each interface, the power of the laws of that interface seemed to be wiped out by us, but I think they may have some The power of law can pass through the space channel and go to the next interface. Although there is light that can be decomposed in the space channel, it is really hard to say whether that light is useful for the power of law. So I have always suspected that there is a power of law that enters the next interface through the space channel and is integrated with the power of law of the next interface. In this way, the power of law of the next interface will know what to do. We have to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. This is why we feel that this interface is becoming more and more difficult to deal with. We used to just think that the guys in these interfaces have become stronger, but we have ignored one thing, that is our strength. It has also become stronger, much stronger than before. In this case, we should be able to take down these interfaces smoothly, but we failed to do so, which is enough to explain the problem."

Having said this, Zhao Hai looked at everyone, wanting to see their reactions. When he saw the contemplative expressions on everyone's faces, he said: "The enemy is making some arrangements for us. The previous spherical method The formation is a good warning. The enemy may already know that the strongest of our Blood Killing Sect is actually the magic formation. If they really arrange it on the next interface, if we don't make any preparations, we will rush directly. If you go in, you may end up suffering a loss.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, and then said: "So I am going to make our Blood Killing Sect stronger, and then we are attacking another interface. The recent research on Shenji Hall, Lingzhi Hall, and Spirit Beast Hall , have made some breakthroughs, which is definitely good news for us, and their progress will make our Blood Killing Sect stronger, so we have to wait. Of course, the most important thing is The thing is, our physical training skills are not practiced enough. If the enemy really does something to our magic circle, then our physical training skills will have unexpected effects. At least, in When our magic circle techniques don’t work, we have no power to resist at all, do you understand what I mean?”

Of course Wen Wenhai and the others understood what Zhao Hai meant. The last incident about the spherical magic circle really scared them into a cold sweat. If the enemy really made some arrangements for their magic circle in the next interface, , with their current preparations, it is indeed very insufficient.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and knew that they had understood what he meant, so he didn't say anything more and just said: "Okay, if everyone understands what I mean, then go back first Well, inform the disciples in the sect of my thoughts. After a while, I will conduct an assessment in the sect. When I think their strength has passed my assessment, I will order an attack on the other side. An interface, you know what I mean?”

Wen Wenhai and the others responded in unison, and Zhao Hai waved his hands. Wen Wenhai and the others then stood up, turned around and left. Wen Wenhai and the others now understood why Zhao Hai called them here. It was for this reason. It was just to tell them why they didn't attack another interface now, and then let them tell the disciples in the sect why they didn't attack another interface. This was actually Zhao Hai's explanation for them.

Wen Wenhai and the others were actually very moved by Zhao Hai's approach, because in their view, the Blood Killing Sect was Zhao Hai's Blood Killing Sect. There was no need to explain to them what Zhao Hai wanted to do. Hai only needs to give the order, but Zhao Hai still gives them an explanation. This represents Zhao Hai's respect for them. What more do you want from such a boss?

After Wen Wenhai and others left, they directly passed on Zhao Hai's words, letting everyone in the Blood Killing Sect know Zhao Hai's worries, so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would practice hard. Wen Wenhai and the others have always I never thought that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would oppose Zhao Hai. That is absolutely impossible. It is impossible for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to have such an idea. They will never oppose Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai's worry will become Their motivation is that they are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

In the following period, the enthusiasm of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect became extremely high, and everyone began to practice hard. This time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect paid more attention to physical training. Of course, for those physical training disciples, What's different is that they don't pay more attention to physical cultivation, but to the cultivation of mental power.

In other words, this time the training of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is all targeted, training based on the weaknesses of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, they are also seizing the time to conduct research. They really want to You need to know how to make the most of what you have in hand.

After a period of research, Wen Yuming finally brought good news to Zhao Hai, that is, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can combine the things in their hands, but this time the combination is very unusual. This time the combination has very strict sequence requirements. The first step is to select a Yaksha tooth with the same bloodline as the monster you have absorbed, and then combine this Yaksha tooth with the one researched from the Spiritual Beast Hall. The mother worm fuses, and after they have fused, they refine the mother worm into their own natal monster, and this natal monster is actually a phantom beast, and this phantom beast is very extraordinary. , he can act alone, or combine with the monks to form a set of fantasy beast armor, and can even turn into a fantasy beast weapon. The defense of this fantasy beast armor is very strong, and the fantasy beast weapons are also very powerful, and this This thing has nothing to do with the magic circle. It is a weapon belonging to the fantasy beast system, not the magic circle system.

After fusing the female insect with yourself, you can refine the female insect with the external incarnation together. In this way, this phantom beast will become a metal insect. He can appear in the form of an insect, and at the same time, he can also Being able to use all the powers of his external incarnation, it can be said that he will become the most powerful assistant to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Because the fusion with the mother worm is not a simple fusion, but a soul fusion, it is so powerful. At the same time, because it is a soul fusion, the mother worm will also become a part of the monk. That kind of monster whose life can be shared is also of great help to the monks.

Once the female insect merges with the external incarnation, it can still transform into a fantasy beast armor to wrap around the entire body of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. The weapons are the same, and this kind of wrapping is different from the external incarnation. It is different from the magic circle. It doesn't matter much, it's just an ability of the phantom beast, so even if the magic circle technique cannot be used, this kind of armor can still be used.

As for the upgrade of the external avatar, at this step, it is almost completed. The second step is about the use of Zhan Zhi. Zhan Zhi has always been used by Zhan Zhi in the past, but Zhao Hai now feels that Zhan Zhi can actually be used. It is used on the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because the war planting seeds refined in this way are already very good, and can even be used as a kind of life seed, and they also follow this idea after hearing the name.

The blood-killing sect's previous life seeds seemed to be perfect, but that kind of life seeds were actually very fragile and easily destroyed. This time, they discovered that the new war-planted Seeds, combined with life seeds, have surprisingly good effects.