c7324 spirit beast

"The alien's way of survival? You mean, the way of survival of the child and mother?" Of course Zhao Hai knew what Laura meant, what is the alien's way of survival? The mother gives birth to the alien, and then the alien absorbs genes to evolve and denies the alien. This is a way of survival, so when Zhao Hai heard Laura say that the people at the Spirit Beast Hall turned the magical insects into He immediately understood what was going on with the alien's way of survival.

Laura smiled and said: "Yes, that's what it means. They first cultivate a female worm, refine this female worm, make this female worm very strong, and completely listen to their words, and then let this female worm It gives birth to countless daughter worms, and these daughter worms will attack the enemy and absorb energy. When these daughter worms absorb energy, they will transfer part of the energy back to the body of the mother worm, and the mother worm will refine this energy. , adapt to this energy, and then the eggs produced will become more powerful, this is the new magic insect."

Zhao Hai couldn't help but his eyes lit up when he heard what Laura said, and then said with a smile: "Okay, great, I really didn't expect that those guys in the Spirit Beast Hall would just make a big splash if they didn't make a sound. Okay, they did it." It's really great. Their idea is very correct. Let them continue to study it. If they need anything, just give it to them. As long as they can continue to study it, the achievements will not be small."

Laura smiled and said: "Yes, I understand, Brother Hai, I also think their research is very good, and I heard that they are now improving the magical insects. They want to make the magical insects become A war beast, a war beast that can be integrated with humans."

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned. Then he thought for a while and then said in a deep voice: "No matter what they study, I can support them, but I also told them that if they really want to study, they can War beasts that are integrated with humans should go to Shenji Hall to learn more. Don’t think that since they are separated from Shenji Hall, there is no chance of cooperation. Don’t forget, they are all The people of the Blood Killing Sect, of course they have to cooperate, and there are many opportunities for cooperation, do you understand what I mean?"

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she was stunned for a moment. Then her eyes lit up and she looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Brother Hai, you mean those Yaksha teeth?" When Laura heard Zhao Hai mention the divine machine Tang, I immediately thought of those Yaksha teeth. Aren’t those Yaksha teeth able to fuse with people? At least it can be integrated with the external avatar, so Laura immediately thought of this. Naturally, she and Zhao Hai didn't need to be confused, so she said it immediately.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, nodded and said: "Yes, it's Yaksha Chi, but don't tell them directly about this matter, let them study it by themselves. Only in this way will they grow, even without our reminder in the future. , they will also do some research on their own, which is good for them.”

Laura nodded and said: "Okay, I understand. I will inform them immediately. Brother Hai, when are you going to start attacking the other interface? We have already found the space channel now, and we can do it at any time." There is an attack on another interface, when are you going to do it?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Let's wait for a while, let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect increase their strength, and then attack another interface. The Yaksha Realm is already very difficult to deal with. , and none of the remaining interfaces is easy to deal with. We have to be careful when fighting against them, because no matter which interface it is, it is not that simple, especially the remaining interfaces. It’s even more powerful, and it won’t work if you’re not careful.”

Laura thought for a while, then nodded and said: "I understand, do you want everyone in our sect to be able to use the Yaksha Teeth? The war plants are improving, and the magic bugs are becoming stronger. A few, and then you can attack another interface? Right?" Laura still knew Zhao Hai very well, and as soon as Zhao Hai said it, she immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean, Laura, I don't know if you have noticed that although we have conquered each interface now, and the power of laws in these interfaces have all been eliminated by us, but Every time we enter a new interface, there will be fewer mistakes made in this interface, especially the power of their laws. They seem to be learning and making progress. There must be something weird in it, so I have always been suspicious. When we eliminated the power of laws of the Shadow Clan, did they have part of the power of laws that entered another interface through the space channel and merged with the power of laws of the other interface? Those powers of laws also told the other The power of the laws of the interface tells him our characteristics, and the power of the laws of the other interface will be further corrected. Otherwise, we would not be able to eliminate the Yasha world with such difficulty until now. If my guess is correct , then we will encounter a more difficult power of law in the next interface, so we must be prepared, and we must even be prepared for the worst after all."

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help but said: "Prepare for the worst? What else can be prepared for the worst?" Laura really couldn't think of what the worst outcome would be. , that's why he asked, now that the Blood Killing Sect is so strong, how can the enemy deal with them?

Zhao Hai looked at Laura, smiled slightly and said: "Don't forget, the opponent has the power of law. When we faced Yasha before, for a period of time, our magic circle technique was completely useless, and we killed him with blood What is the strongest point of Zong now? Of course it is our magic circle technique. If our magic circle technique cannot be used, then think about the consequences? So we must have some, even if we don’t use it The magic circle can also be used as a means, which is why I always ask the disciples in the sect to work hard to learn the art of physical cultivation."

Laura was shocked when she heard what Zhao Hai said. Of course she would not forget what the Blood Killing Sect went through during that period. The magic circle could not be used, and even the puppet disciples were completely suppressed and could not be used at all. The enemy's magic circle system is completely different from theirs. If the Blood Killing Sect had not quickly cracked the enemy's magic circle system, they would not have been able to destroy the Yasha Realm so quickly. possible.

Thinking of this, Laura couldn't help but hesitated and said: "It can't be like that, you know, we can also use the runes of the Shadow Clan? Do they really want to abandon the original rune system and use new runes? System? Just to suppress us? Isn’t the price too high in that case?”

"Where did the spherical magic circle come from?" Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said this calmly. As soon as Laura heard Zhao Hai say this, she couldn't say anything. That's right. , where did the spherical array come from? Didn’t the spherical magic circle get it from the enemy? And the reason why the enemy wants to create a spherical magic circle is not to abolish the original rune system and use the existing rune system? So this is really not something that cannot be done by the enemy.

Laura finally nodded and said: "Okay, I understand, then let's not be anxious. It just so happens that we can use this period of time to integrate all our current strength so that everyone's strength can be further improved, and then under attack One interface, to be honest, I really want to know what the enemies on the next interface look like."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I also want to know, no matter what the next enemies are, they must be very interesting, because these next few enemies are much more famous than the enemies we encountered before. Hahahaha, I really want to see who we will meet next."

Laura also smiled slightly and said nothing. Only now did she know what was different between them and Zhao Hai. The difference was this long-term vision. Zhao Hai could make a lot of preparations for a possibility. Maybe his preparations may be in vain, but once the situation they guessed becomes reality, then his preparations will not be in vain. Maybe his preparations can save their lives.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Okay, don't think so much. Anyway, we have plenty of time. If you do the math, it has only been a few years since we ascended from the lower world. , we have already captured four interfaces, and the overall strength of the Blood Killing Sect has also improved to this point. If we directly ascend to the outside world, the current Blood Killing Sect disciples may not be able to meet people. Our It is impossible for our strength to improve so quickly, so this place can be said to be our blessed land, a tempering for our Blood Killing Sect. After this tempering, our Blood Killing Sect will change from a piece of ordinary iron to a A sharp blade.”

Laura and the others were also infected by Zhao Hai's pride, and they all nodded vigorously. What Zhao Hai said was not wrong at all. These spaces are indeed a very good training for the Blood Killing Sect. If they were in Wanshan It is absolutely impossible for there to be so many wars in other worlds, but there are so many wars here. For them, this may not be a bad thing.

What is certain is that in the Wanshan Realm, whether it is the monk sects or the Shadow Clan, they are very powerful. If the Blood Killing Sect directly reaches the Wanshan Realm, then they can only do it bit by bit. It is absolutely impossible for development to start a battle between the two spaces at every turn like in these spaces. That is absolutely impossible.

Zhao Hai feels like he is playing a copy of a game now. They are in a copy of the game and are leveling up in this copy. When they reach the full level, they will enter the game. Go fight monsters in the main version. This is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect, because if you appear in the main version of the game from the beginning, then you may have been killed long ago, and your level may be It was cleared immediately, so Zhao Hai has always believed that these battles in this space are not a bad thing for the Blood Killing Sect. On the contrary, these are a good thing and are helping the Blood Killing Sect. Zong is quenching.