c7329 Subduing the Demonic Pestle

As soon as Zhao Hai said this, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately responded. Those disciples who were wearing the formation talisman immediately took down the formation talisman and asked the disciples of Shenji Hall to start establishing the rules immediately. The Wheel of the Circle, only if this circle is established, can they directly squeeze away the power of the Shadow Clan's laws with the power of blood-killing.

When the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect was building the Wheel of Law array, Zhao Hai collected all the demon-conquering pestles, and then softly recited the scriptures. After a while, a ball of Buddha light fell directly. When we arrived at the several demon-subduing pestles, the light flashed on the demon-subduing pestles. The next moment, the entire demon-subduing pestles had changed. They were no longer black. On the contrary, the entire demon-subduing pestles were all dark gold. The entire demon-subduing pestles were dark golden. Jiangmochu instantly looked taller. ,

Looking at the demon-subduing pestle in his hand, he is now certain that this demon-subduing pestle must be a batch of magical weapons specially refined by the great master who originally refined this space, in order to make these magical weapons capable of Incarnate as an Asura and become the guardian of this layer of space.

It can be seen from the materials of this Demon-Conquering Pestle that when the Demon-Conquering Pestle was refined, a lot of good things were used. Otherwise, it would not be possible to refine it. Zhao Hai took back the Demon-Conquering Pestle directly. After arriving in the space, he used a universal analysis machine to analyze it. The results of the analysis also made Zhao Hai very satisfied. There is really something good in this demon-subduing pestle. This thing is a kind of metal, a kind of metal that Zhao Hai has not yet seen. I know the name of the metal. The function of this metal is also very special. It can store part of the power of consciousness into the metal. This metal can actually nourish this power of consciousness. In the end, it can even be used to control the power of consciousness. This kind of consciousness generates something similar to a soul.

When Zhao Hai saw this ability, he was really surprised. Consciousness is not a soul. To be honest, it is actually just a kind of human thinking. If you can follow this consciousness to generate a It would be really terrible to grow a soul, because it would be like creating a life according to what you want. This is really terrible.

To put it simply, if you want a particularly obedient person, then you have to input this kind of consciousness into this kind of metal, and then this kind of metal can slowly follow this kind of consciousness to generate a soul. , and after this soul is formed, it will become what you want, and it will become very obedient to your words. Even if you ask it to die, it will not hesitate at all. What a terrifying ability this is.

Of course, the real situation will not be so simple, but this metal is terrible, this is for sure. Zhao Hai thinks that this metal should not be released first, just keep it in the space, and it cannot be allowed to The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know this, otherwise there will be problems.

But if all the Shuras here have such a Demon-Conquering Pestle in their bodies, then it is impossible for Zhao Hai to take away all these Demon-Conquering Pestles. If these Demon-Conquering Pestles fall into the hands of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, , if they unintentionally input some bad thoughts into the magic weapon, the trouble will be big.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but frowned, then thought about it, then nodded, and then he thought, he was determined, all the demon-subduing pestles he got in the future must be consecrated by his hands. , expel the power of the Shadow Clan's laws inside, and then import new consciousness.

As for what kind of consciousness to input, Zhao Hai has already thought of it, so he will input the consciousness of Buddhist scriptures, so that all the demon-subduing pestles can become the most orthodox Buddhist instruments. In fact, these demon-subduing pestles were originally Buddhist magic formations. The powerful person who refined these demon-subduing pestles at the time should have input the consciousness of Asura into the demon-subduing pestles. Therefore, in the end, the demon-subduing pestles became Asuras. But Zhao Hai didn't want to input Asura's consciousness into the Demon-Conquering Pestle.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai directly gathered all the demon-subduing pestles, and then directly consecrated those demon-subduing pestles, expelling the power of the shadow clan law in the demon-subduing pestles, and then input the consciousness of the Buddha into the demon-subduing pestles. In the pestle, as long as it is constantly nourished by the metal in the demon-subduing pestle, then this magical instrument will eventually produce the consciousness of the Buddhist scriptures and become an enlightened monk. In other words, the demon-subduing pestle will produce Buddha's power is definitely a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The use of Buddha's power is really great.

After Zhao Hai finished doing this, he directly put away the demon-subduing pestles. Then he took a look at the movements of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and found that they had completed the arrangement of the Wheel of Law Array and were now preparing to do so. Zhao Hai was very surprised by activating the magic circle. He did not expect that they could complete the Wheel of Law so quickly.

When the disciples saw Zhao Hai looking at them, they were a little nervous. They all stood there, waiting for Zhao Hai to speak. Zhao Hai looked at them and said with a smile: "Start it, give the Wheel of Law to After setting it up, we can truly establish a base. Otherwise, no magic circle can be used, so how can we build a base? Let's start it." The disciple of Shenji Hall responded and immediately started the Wheel of Law.

As soon as the Wheel of Principle was activated, a white light shot up into the sky from the Wheel of Principle, and finally turned into a huge light shield with a diameter of more than a kilometer, covering them inside. As soon as they saw this situation, everyone's expressions changed slightly. They knew very well that other Asuras would definitely see such a big movement and such a strong white light, and those Asuras would definitely attack them when the time comes. , they are about to face a war.

When I thought of this, the disciples immediately started to move. They saw that the Shenji Hall disciple immediately took out the magic arrays one by one, threw them on the ground and said to the others: "Take out all the magic circles on you. , we must set up a five-element killing formation in the shortest possible time, quickly."

This is what Shenjitang does in the Blood Killing Sect, so the other Blood Killing Sect disciples have all started to move. In addition to fighting, they will also help set up the magic circle after the battle. Of course, Now that the Blood Killing Sect has used spherical magic circles, there is no need for them to arrange them, but they also have a lot of magic circles in their hands. After all, ordinary magic circles are still very useful in the Blood Killing Sect.

As for the disciple of the Shenji Hall, it is obvious that he did not bring a spherical magic circle this time, so he needs to set up an ordinary magic circle first. When the Blood Killing Sect's army arrives, they can switch to a spherical magic circle. Anyway, let’s get over the current difficulties first.

Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly. As soon as he moved his hand, the demon-conquering pestles he had put away flew out of his hand and fell to the ground in eight directions, like eight nails. Nails in the ground. As these eight nails fell into the ground, bursts of Sanskrit sounds were heard. The next moment, eight Buddhas appeared in the eight directions. All eight Buddhas were sitting there with their hands clasped together. Chanting sutras in a low voice, wearing a dignified appearance.

Although these giant Buddhas are sitting there, each of them is about three feet tall, and their whole body is golden, as if they were made of gold. They are very beautiful. If it weren't for the fact that he was constantly chanting sutras in his mouth, you would I really thought he was a statue, it looks so beautiful.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all stunned. Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, stop looking. This is a Buddhist array called the Eight Treasures Buddha Light Array. It is a It’s a very strong defensive array. You should set up the teleportation array. As long as you set up the teleportation array, the reinforcements from the sect will be able to arrive.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all stunned, and then they immediately responded. The disciple of the Shenji Hall also immediately took out a magic circle. This magic circle was a folded magic circle. He opened the magic circle, but it was not a very big teleportation array. It could only teleport a hundred people at most, and then he activated the teleportation array directly.

And at this moment, several huge roars came, and then several tall figures jumped out of the woods. Although they were very tall, they were very flexible and jumped between a few trees. He was jumping back and forth without being affected at all. On the contrary, his speed was very fast. In the blink of an eye, he was already outside the Blood Killing Sect's base.

These people are all Asuras, and they are about ten meters tall. There are only ten people in total, eight of them are Asuras with three eyes and four arms, and two are Asuras with four eyes and four arms. Now The eyes of the asuras in these courtyards were all aimed at Zhao Hai and the others in the base. At that time, they also saw the eight giant Buddhas.

The Asura clan itself is a very suspicious race, so when they saw the eight giant Buddhas, they were slightly stunned for a moment, and then stopped outside the Blood Killing Sect base and looked at Zhao Hai inside the base. They, Zhao Hai also looked at those Asuras, with a smile on his face and not nervous at all.

At this time, there was a flash of light in the sudden teleportation array, and a hundred people appeared in the teleportation array. After these one hundred people appeared, they immediately looked around. The disciple of Shenji Hall who had arranged the array before, immediately Then he said: "Quick, do you have a spherical magic circle?"

When the disciples heard what he said, they were stunned at first, and then one disciple said: "Xiao Wen, what's going on?" The person who spoke was a monk who seemed to be quite old, and the clothes on his body were also similar to The clothes of ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples are a little different. He is an elder of the Blood Killing Sect.

Xiaowen was the disciple of Shenji Hall. As soon as he saw the elder, he immediately said: "Elder Tang, you are here. This is the Asura world. We have just arranged the wheel of the magic circle, but because we arranged it The wheel of the magic circle is not very big, so I want to quickly arrange a larger wheel of law, and at the same time, I also need to set up a new defensive magic circle. Hurry, those Asuras are already here. ." As he said that, he pointed in the direction where the Asura came from.

Elder Tang looked in the direction of Xiaowen's finger, and happened to see Zhao Hai and the Asuras standing outside the base. Without saying a word, he waved his hand, and there was an extra diameter one on the ground. A metal ball of about 1 meter, this metal ball is exactly a spherical magic circle.