c7321 Reincarnation Pool (3)

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all responded. Only then did they understand why Zhao Hai had the most murderous intent, but when he dealt with the enemy, he never used his murderous intent to affect the enemy. Moreover, in these years, Zhao Hai is also using more and more Buddhist techniques. It turns out that this is why.

Zhao Hai looked at them and didn't say anything. Wen Wenhai and the others were all smart people. Zhao Hai believed that all he had to say was to hit the mark, so he said directly: "The energy in this pool, In fact, it is a kind of living energy. Whether it was Cuscuta or Sky Swallowing Net, they were all attacked by that energy before, not because that energy was very powerful, so there is nothing to worry about, I will take care of it."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Please protect the law for me." After saying this, Zhao Hai sat cross-legged on the edge of the pool, then formed a seal with his hands, and then opened his mouth. To: "Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva, walking in the deep Prajnaparamita for a long time, saw that the five aggregates are empty, and survived all the hardships..."

Following his voice, bursts of Buddha light emerged from his body, and then the Buddha light turned into a huge Buddha seal, which fell straight into the pool of water. The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to use Buddhism to deal with this pool of water The energy in the water was because he felt that although the energy in this pool of water was alive and full of negative emotions, there was still a trace of peace among these negative emotions. This made Zhao Hai He was very surprised. He was a little confused. He didn't know why there was such a sense of peace among so many negative emotions. This was so weird.

Finally he figured it out, where is this place? This is the Buddhist power refining space. This pool should have existed for a long time. Then there must be Buddha power in this pool, but just like the Pure Land, this Buddha power should have been suppressed and suppressed. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws has been polluted, and what he has to do now is to activate this Buddhist power and let it force out the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so that he can easily clean it up. The power of Shadow Clan's laws.

As the Buddha's seal entered the pool water, the pool water was like a hot oil pan with a glass of cold water poured into it. It boiled in an instant. All the water in the pool jumped up, and the pool water did not stop. It kept splashing outward, but it was of no use, because the water splashed out could not hurt Zhao Hai at all.

After a while, finally, a trace of black smoke flew out from the pool, and then more and more black smoke flew out from the pool. Finally, all the black smoke gathered in the sky above the pool, changing constantly. It changed its shape as if it was constantly struggling, but the water in the pool became clearer and clearer.

An hour later, when the last trace of black smoke flew out of the pool, the water in the pool calmed down. Then, a golden light emerged from the water in the pool, and the golden light directly illuminated the black mass. On the smoke, in the black smoke, there seemed to be a scream, and finally disappeared completely, and the gold slowly fell to the ground, directly submerged into the ground, and then the entire Yaksha, all The golden light flourished, and when the golden light finally disappeared, the Yaksha Realm suddenly became bright and clear.

People have always felt that the Yaksha Realm is a bit gloomy. Even if they wipe out the Yaksha clan, it will still be the same. They feel that the Yaksha Realm is not so bright, and everything seems to be covered. It's like a layer of black sand, so you can't see it clearly.

At this moment, the gloomy feeling was gone, the black veil completely disappeared, and the whole world suddenly became clear. This feeling made people feel very comfortable. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt it. Their hearts relaxed and they felt greatly at ease. They had not experienced this feeling for a long time.

At this time, Zhao Hai also stood up. He looked around with a smile on his face. Finally, he stopped at the pool of water. Now the pool of water had become extremely clear. Zhao Hai smiled slightly. Gently scoop up a handful of water with your hands. The temperature of the water is just right, neither cold nor hot. Holding it in your hand, it seems as if you are holding nothing. It makes people feel extremely gentle and comfortable.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly, and then gently drank the water. As soon as he swallowed the water, Zhao Hai felt a cold feeling spreading from his stomach, as if there was something going on. The fresh water washed his body from the inside out, making him feel more comfortable than ever before.

Zhao Hai closed his eyes and felt for a long time, and finally took a breath. Then he looked at the clear water in the pool and couldn't help but smile slightly: "It is indeed a good thing, Wen Hai. Get ready. Fill the water in this pool with water." Come out and see if the water will decrease. If not, let everyone in the sect shout out the water in this pool, so that they can study the pool carefully. The water in it." After saying that, he touched the water gently with water, and then withdrew his hand. No one saw that there was already some water, and it disappeared directly into the pool.

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. They saw that Zhao Hai had drunk the water in the pool before, and knew that the water in the pool must be good, so they all became excited. Zhao Hai looked at them, slightly He smiled and said: "I'll leave this to you, I still have some things to deal with." After saying that, he moved and disappeared.

Wen Wenhai and the others tried it immediately after Zhao Hai left. They immediately collected some of the water in the pond, but the water in the pond never decreased. No matter how much you took away, the water in the pond would not be reduced. There is still so much water and it is still so clear.

This discovery made Wen Wenhai and the others very excited. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "When someone comes, we will immediately arrange for people to get water from the pool so that every disciple can drink the water from the pool. But usually, they are not allowed to drink the water." Disciples freely go to the pool to fetch water and protect the pool until the leader gives orders to open the pool."

Everyone immediately responded, and then turned around and left. After everyone turned around and left, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately sent people to guard the pool, and then they entered the Xuanwu space to arrange for the disciples to drink and drink. things went.

But Zhao Hai returned to his own space. He had collected some water in the space before, and now he is using a universal machine to analyze it. The result of the analysis is that this water is a kind of clean water, and he can wash away all the evil in the world. It can also wash away evil things from people's body and heart.

The most important thing is that there is a kind of living energy in this water, which allows a soul to survive without being attached to anything, and it can also be used as a carrier for the soul to interact with other objects. Fusion can be said to be a very rare good thing.

After Zhao Hai saw the characteristics of this water, he also understood why those people of the Yasha clan must be reincarnated in this pool. Because this pool originally contained the power of life, so they could be reincarnated here. However, The water in this pool was previously contaminated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so it changed some characteristics, which was very fatal.

Now that this kind of water has entered the space, a lake is naturally formed in the space. That lake is full of this kind of pure water. Zhao Hai can use it at any time in the future. This is also Zhao Hai's space. The biggest difference from the outside world is that everything that enters the space will be digitized by the space. As long as this thing is digitized, then the things in the space can be directly mass-produced. This This is the biggest advantage of Zhao Hai Space.

However, Zhao Hai felt that this water had another effect, and that was to cooperate with the Yaksha teeth they obtained, and maybe they could make better things, but this was just a thought. Whether this is really possible will need to be tested before it can be decided. However, Zhao Hai is not prepared to do this. He is prepared to let Wen Yuming and the others do their own research.

However, Zhao Hai called Laura and the others into the space. After Laura and the others arrived in the space, Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others and said with a smile: "Laura, each of you drink a little of this water. Although you have been in space for a long time, you have also spent a long time outside. In addition, you have also eaten a lot of spiritual plants in these years, and there are also some residual poisons in your body. In addition, you have also practiced There will be some hidden wounds, this water can remove all the residual poisons and hidden wounds from your body, please drink a little."

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be overjoyed. They immediately took a sip of the water. It felt really good. The taste of the water itself was very good. After drinking it, they felt very good. Okay, Laura and the others closed their eyes for a while before opening them, their eyes flashing with excitement.

Their current strength is not weak. Although it is not as good as Wen Wenhai and the others, it is not much worse. Naturally, they have a better understanding of their own body conditions. They can clearly feel that as soon as the water enters them Their bodies felt as if they had been cleaned and they felt extremely relaxed. This feeling was really so comfortable.

Zhao Hai looked at them and just smiled, without saying anything else, and then said: "Okay, you go and practice. Now practice will be very beneficial to you. In recent times, Zong Nothing will happen to the sect. We have to prepare to enter the next interface, but it will take a while. Therefore, there will not be too many things to do in the sect during this period. You can practice with peace of mind. a period of time."

Laura and the others agreed, and then they all ran back to the room and couldn't wait to practice. They also felt that their bodies were lighter than ever and their minds were clearer than ever. They felt that practicing in this situation would definitely get twice the result with half the effort. of. In fact, it was not just them. The other disciples in the Blood Killing Sect were also like them. After drinking the water, they immediately went to practice. They were not rookies, so they naturally knew what was going on in their bodies. , If you don’t practice at this time, when will you wait?