c7322 beast soul

Wen Yuming looked at the Yaksha Tine in front of him with excitement. This Yaksha Tine was just a very ordinary Yaksha Tine, but on this Yaksha Tine, there was a small beast. This Yaksha Tine A small beast was roaring at him, but because he was so small, he looked only about the size of a human thumb, making him very cute.

But this cute beast makes Yu Yu extremely excited. They have been studying the Yasha teeth since they got them. They really don’t know what the Yasha teeth can do, but now they Understand that there is only one thing that Yaksha Teeth can do, and that is to make the original beast soul in Yaksha Teeth come alive.

These Yaksha teeth are not ordinary animal teeth, they are all the teeth of monster beasts, and only one tooth is taken from a monster beast. In this tooth, there is still the beast soul of this monster beast. Although this beast soul After so many years, he has become very strong, but this is good news for those who have been killed in blood.

What can the beast soul do? There are so many things he can do. For the people of the Blood Killing Sect, they can merge with their external incarnations and become a child soul in the external incarnation, which can help the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , control the incarnation outside the body, and they can also combine with energy beasts to make the energy beasts more powerful. The most important thing is that he can also turn into a powerful beast soul, and then possess the body of the disciple who has killed him. There are so many uses for making the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stronger.

Wen Yuming and the others really didn't think of this at first, but later after the Yasha clan was wiped out, they discovered the purification pool. The water in the pool was very energetic, so they tried it after hearing the name. Seeing the effect of dripping pool water on the Yaksha teeth, he discovered that there was a beast soul in the Yaksha teeth. This was definitely good news for them.

And not only that, this means that if they get monster beasts in the future, they can also use this method to get those monster beast teeth, and integrate the souls of those monster beasts into their teeth, so that they become Then use the water purification spring to wash the teeth of the monster beast, so that the soul of the monster beast and the teeth of the monster beast can be perfectly combined. In this way, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect , there will be a lot of Yaksha teeth available.

Now the Yaksha teeth that have been washed with clean water have also changed. The Yaksha teeth are as if they have turned into jade. They look warm and natural, and even a little translucent. The most important thing is that they are There seems to be a layer of oil on it, as if someone has applied a layer of oil on it, and it looks very beautiful.

Although the beast soul on the Yaksha Teeth is still very weak, this is not a problem. They can find ways to strengthen the beast soul. As long as the beast soul can stay on the Yaksha Teeth, then they can find a way to strengthen the beast soul. Becoming stronger and stronger is the most important thing.

The Yasha tooth in front of Wen Yuming was originally a tiger tooth. Although the tiger has become very small and compact, to Wen Yuming, it is the cutest tiger in the world. As soon as he moved his hand, a burst of energy immediately surrounded the Yaksha teeth, and the tiger slowly sank into the Yaksha teeth. Then Wen Yuming picked up the Yaksha teeth and ran directly to Zhao Hai's room. .

After a while, he arrived outside Zhao Hai's room. Then he took a long breath and knocked on the door. As soon as he put down his hand, he heard a voice from inside: "Come in." Wen Yuming answered. With a sound, he opened the door and walked in. As soon as he entered Zhao Hai's room, he was stunned because he found that Zhao Hai's room had changed again.

Now Zhao Hai's room seemed very light and spacious. There was nothing in it except a few futons on the floor. Zhao Hai was sitting on one of the futons. When he came in, Zhao Hai didn't even open his eyes. Wen Yuming did not dare to disturb Zhao Hai. After entering the room, he stood there carefully, not daring to move. He was afraid that Zhao Hai was practicing. If he disturbed Zhao Hai at this time, it would be a big sin. .

Zhao Hai's voice came: "Lao Wen, come and sit." Wen Yuming responded, and then walked directly to a futon in front of Zhao Hai and sat down, and then Zhao Hai's voice came: : "But what's the matter? Seeing how excited you are, it must be a good thing, right?" Although Zhao Hai closed his eyes, he seemed to know everything he was famous for.

After hearing the name, he immediately said: "Yes, sect master. The sect master asked me to test the effect of the water in the purification pool before. I have already tried it. I dripped the water from the purification pool onto the Yaksha teeth. A beast soul actually appeared on the Yasha teeth. Although the beast soul is still very weak now, it is a complete beast soul. I think this beast soul has great development potential and can do many things, so I came to report it to the sect master. "

Zhao Hai nodded, looked at Wen Yuming, and said with a smile: "Oh? Did you research it so quickly? Hahahaha, okay, great, Lao Wen, you did a great job on this, hurry up, take it out Show me." Zhao Hai was very happy when he heard about this matter. In fact, he had already had a clue about this matter, but he never told Wen Yuming about it. He just wanted to see it. Wen Yuming When can they research it?

Wen Yuming quickly smiled and took out the tiger tooth. Then Wen Yuming handed the tiger tooth to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai took the tiger tooth and took a look. A sudden white light flashed in his hand. The next moment, a tiger tooth appeared. A big and small tiger appeared on the tiger's teeth and was roaring at Zhao Hai. Although the body was small, it looked very fierce.

Wen Yuming said: "Sect Master, although this tiger looks small now, it is only because of his small soul power. I believe that as long as he is given enough soul power, then this tiger will be like this." It will definitely grow stronger and become extremely powerful.”

But just as he said this, he saw that the tiger had grown countless times in an instant, turning into the size of a normal tiger. At the same time, a shocking tiger roar came, and Wen Yuming was shocked. He was startled, but then the tiger immediately shrank in size, which surprised Wen Yuming.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and then said: "If this tiger wants to grow stronger, it does not need to input soul power. Their cloud soul power is actually normal. They just lack a real carrier and still have energy. As long as it is given to them If enough energy is input, they will become stronger. Just input a trace of energy into Huya, and he has already become like that, so what they need is energy, not soul power."

Soul power is different from energy. Soul power refers to the power of a person's soul. If a person's soul power is relatively weak, then this person's lifespan cannot be long. If a person's soul power is strong, then This person can naturally live a long life. Of course, this refers to the case where he does not commit suicide.

And if a person has no problem with his soul power, but his body is very weak, then you just need to let him exercise more. This is the case with Hu Ya now. There is no problem with his soul power, the problem is just with his body. This tiger tooth carrier has nothing to provide energy to the tiger tooth, so the tiger soul in the tiger tooth looks very weak.

At the same time, this is equivalent to solving another big problem that is famous for. You must know that it is very difficult to replenish soul power for a person. Even if you use the kind of ownerless soul in Zhao Hai's hell space, It is very difficult to replenish soul power, let alone other things. In fact, there are really few things in this world that can replenish soul power.

But now Zhao Hai said that this tiger tooth does not borrow the power of the soul. What he lacks is just energy. Then this is too simple. What is the most important thing that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't borrow? That of course is energy! There are countless yin and yang thunder pools in their external incarnations, but they provide them with a steady stream of energy. This is absolutely no problem for them, so now this tiger tooth is equivalent to being able to kill with blood immediately. All the disciples of the sect used it.

Zhao Hai played with the tiger tooth in his hand, and then said in a deep voice: "In fact, this tiger tooth is already a magical weapon. He is a powerful person who refines this space. He refined a magical weapon for this purpose. Let the tiger soul in this tiger tooth become the guardian of this space to test those disciples, so he can use it now by inputting spiritual energy. However, if our disciples want to use this tiger tooth, they need to refine it first. After it has been transformed, and then keep nurturing him, finally he can add some magic circles into this tiger fang. Of course, the Yin and Yang Thunder Pond is indispensable, so that he becomes a relatively independent magic weapon. Of course, he can also If used in combination with the external avatar, the effect may be better. Take it back and study it carefully. I believe this thing will be very useful to us. By the way, don't let it be combined with the external avatar yet. Whether it is better to use it in combination with an external avatar or to use it alone, I can’t say yet, you have to experiment it yourself.”

Wen Yuming responded excitedly. He no longer needed Zhao Hai to tell him too much. Zhao Hai had already said enough. As long as he knew that this Huya was just borrowing a little energy, that was enough. This tiger tooth can be said to be a very different kind of magic weapon. How to use it really needs to be studied carefully.

Zhao Hai handed the tiger tooth to Wen Yuming, and then said: "In fact, I think it might be better to use this tiger tooth alone. Don't forget, the blood of those monster beasts that were integrated into our disciples' bodies before , after all, we are human beings, even though we can fully integrate the bloodline of monster beasts into our bodies, it is impossible for him to truly exert the full power of this monster bloodline, but don’t forget this thing, he actually said it It is also a part of monsters. If we can combine this thing with the blood of monsters in our bodies and give them enough energy, it is really hard to say what they will become. Of course, What I’m talking about is just one of his possibilities, you still have to research it slowly, I hope you can finally research something that is most suitable for our Blood Killing Sect, go ahead.”

Wen Yuming responded, and then retreated excitedly.