c7320 Reincarnation Pool (2)

Zhao Hai stood on the edge of the Reincarnation Pool and looked at the pool, which was only about ten feet in length. The water in the pool was as black as ink and looked like ink, but there was no peculiar smell. The entire pool was calm. It's like a mirror, and because of the water here, it looks like a mirror polished with black crystal, which is very beautiful.

However, Zhao Hai can feel a very pure energy from this pool. This energy is the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. It is precisely because it was contaminated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws that the energy in this pool is Only the water turns into this color. Zhao Hai can be sure that the water in this pool can never be this color.

Wen Wenhai and the others were standing next to Zhao Hai. They all looked at the pool as if there were flowers in the pool. In fact, in the entire Yaksha Realm, except for this pool, there are no laws of the Shadow Clan in other places. The power of the law, and here in the Yaksha Realm, the power of the final laws has also been integrated into this pool, so they will gather here now.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "What can you do?" Zhao Hai just wanted to ask to see if Wen Wenhai and the others could do anything to force out all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in this pool, because in On their territory, no uncontrolled power of the Shadow Clan's laws is allowed to appear. Now there is the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in this pool, and it is completely beyond their control. This is something Zhao Hai cannot allow. of.

Wen Wenhai and the others were a little embarrassed. Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "There is no good way now. The energy here is completely integrated with the water. I want to give the full power of the Shadow Clan's laws here." It is very difficult to separate, so now we are trying to find a way."

Chang Jun said: "The way we are thinking of now is to use spiritual plants to completely absorb the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here, especially spiritual plants like Cuszizi, which itself absorbs the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. To survive, we want to put the dodder in this pool and see if we can absorb all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in this pool."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "The method is good, but I don't know if it is feasible, but you can give it a try. So, you just give it a try. If it really doesn't work, I will take action." After saying that, he turned around. After leaving, Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. They knew that Zhao Hai did not want to take action now, but wanted them to resolve the matter on their own.

In fact, Zhao Hai has been doing this for a while. Except for the last battle and the battle with the God of Yaksha, Zhao Hai almost did not participate in the attack on the Yaksha clan. Zhao Hai just wanted to let them learn to be independent. Faced with these things, that's why he took fewer shots.

Wen Wenhai and the others all understood what Zhao Hai meant, so they were also mentally prepared. So when they saw Zhao Hai leaving, they did not react. Instead, they immediately arranged for people to line up the planters and called them over. Let's see if we can use this method to absorb all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in the reincarnation pool.

Seeing several planters, they immediately activated the dodder seeds and threw them into the pond. Everyone's eyes fell on the pond, and they saw that as soon as the seeds entered the pond, they immediately began to germinate, and then It grew rapidly, and then the dodders grew longer and stronger, but just when these dodders grew to about a hundred feet long, these dodders suddenly turned into black smoke and disappeared.

Upon seeing this situation, the planters couldn't help but be stunned. Then he took out a handful of dodder seeds at once, activated them, and threw them into the pool. Then they immediately became highly concentrated and observed carefully. When I looked at the dodder seeds, I saw that the dodder seeds were still growing rapidly, but when they grew to a hundred feet long, they turned into black smoke and disappeared.

The planters had solemn expressions on their faces, and then several of them took out the seeds of dodder, activated the seeds, and threw them into the pool, while the others kept their eyes closed. The eyes are like an old monk in trance, paying no attention to external things.

Just like what happened before, after those dodders fell into the pond, they grew rapidly again, reaching a length of about a hundred feet. They once turned into black smoke and disappeared. In the process, those closed The faces of the eye transplanters also changed several times. At first they looked normal, then they showed an expression of excitement, and finally turned into an expression of pain. Until the dodder completely disappeared, Their faces had turned pale, as if they had been injured, and were very ugly.

After a while, they opened their eyes, and then they turned to look at Wen Wenhai and the others. One by one, they took the lead and turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Elder Wen, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws contained in this pool is really too much." It's so powerful. Although dodder can absorb some energy, the amount it can absorb is really too little. And because the energy is too powerful, dodder can't bear this energy at all, so in the end it all turns into black smoke, and these The black smoke will eventually return to the pool, so it seems that this method is not possible, not just with dodder, but also with mushrooms, because the energy is too strong."

Hearing what he said, Wen Wenhai's expression couldn't help but change. He then frowned and said, "So that's it. It seems like it's really not going to work. Old Chang, do you think it's feasible to use the Sky-Swallowing Net? If so, If the Sky Swallowing Network works, that would be the best, but if not, then this matter can only be reported to the boss."

Chang Jun nodded, then summoned a few disciples and asked them to release the Sky-Swallowing Net. The Sky-Swallowing Net was a magical weapon made to deal with the laws of the Yasha clan. This magical weapon was designed to absorb the call of the laws. Energy has just been researched, and it should be feasible to use it to absorb the energy in the pool.

But when those iron balls from the Sky Swallowing Net fell into the pool, the small iron balls exploded one by one in a short while. Even the cue ball did not last long and finally exploded directly. This was something no one expected. They did not expect that the energy in this pool would be so strong.

Wen Wenhai looked at the still calm water, his face couldn't help but become very ugly, and finally he let out a sigh of relief, then he took out the communication array, and then said to the communication array: "Boss, there is something weird in this pool. We have nothing to do with him, so you should come and take a look." After saying that, he put away the communication circle, but his words made everyone else blush.

These people are all considered to be young masters of the party now. Their strength is very strong, but they did not expect that they would be stumped by such a pool. This is something they did not expect, but things have reached this point. If the situation is reached, they must tell Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai soon appeared at the edge of the pool. Wen Wenhai and the others immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hands and then looked at the pool with interest. Then he closed his eyes and quietly felt, He had to understand the situation of this pool first. Speaking of which, he had never felt such strong energy in that pool before. But why, Wen Wenhai and the others said that the energy in this pool was very powerful. Woolen cloth? This made him very curious.

When Zhao Hai's mental power connected with the pool, he felt an energy, a very powerful energy. But what surprised Zhao Hai even more was that this energy seemed to be alive. Zhao Hai was even more surprised. He really didn't understand why the energy in this pool was alive.

Zhao Hai then felt the energy in the pool, and soon he discovered that the energy in the pool also had emotions, but the emotions in the pool were very weird. Almost all of the emotions were negative. Face emotions, various side emotions, these emotions are full of anger, killing, despair and other emotions that make people feel very uncomfortable. This makes Zhao Hai unbearable for a while. The murderous aura emerged unconsciously, but he quickly adjusted it. He put away the murderous aura in his body and still quietly felt the energy and emotions in the pool.

But Zhao Hai didn't know that his unintentional murderous aura just now shocked Wen Wenhai and the others, because the murderous aura just now was so strong that Wen Wenhai and the others felt that the surrounding The temperature dropped countless times at once, and at the same time, bursts of cold air came from their hearts. Their whole thoughts seemed to have been frozen. They knew very well that if in this situation, If someone was killing them, it would be really easy.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai quickly withdrew his murderous intent, and Wen Wenhai and the others also took a deep breath. They were all breathing heavily, as if they had just walked out of hell. I was already soaked with cold sweat. This feeling was really terrible.

At this time, Zhao Hai also opened his eyes. As soon as he opened his eyes, he felt that something was wrong with Wen Wenhai and the others. He turned around and saw Wen Wenhai and the others. He immediately understood what had just happened. What did he say? He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Wenhai, it seems that the courage of you guys still needs to be tempered. It's not good to do it like this. If you don't do it this way, you will suffer a loss in the future."

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "Boss, who can be as strong as you? To be honest, with your strength, even if you have such strength, you may not be as heavy as you." You have such murderous intent, boss, why don’t you use murderous intent when attacking your enemies? If you use this murderous intent, I’m afraid those people will not be your opponents at all.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Of course it is good to use murderous aura against the enemy, but I don't want to use it. If you use murderous aura too much, I'm afraid it will have an impact on your people, so I am slowly controlling and digesting it now." The best way to cultivate the murderous aura within yourself is to practice it in a righteous and peaceful manner. If you use murderous aura against an enemy, the impact will be too great."