c7328 Asura

In the several spaces that Zhao Hai and the others encountered before, there were no mountains, no water, and no plants. Now there are mountains, water, and plants. How could Zhao Hai and the others not be surprised? He immediately turned to the insect and said, "Where is the possibility of flying?"

"Returning to the sect master, no, there is a forbidden air formation here, and there is no way to fly, but the trees here are very tall, and you can hear the roars of beasts, but no beasts are seen, but I feel that it is not safe here ." The voice came at once.

Zhao Hai turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Did you hear that? Hurry, organize the disciples to go there as soon as possible, and send a few more masters to guard us. If someone attacks us before our base is established, there won't be many It's not enough for a master to be in charge, hurry up." Wen Wenhai responded and immediately gave the order.

After a while, a team of 1,000 people was organized, accompanied by several powerful elders. When they arrived at the space channel, they didn't say much. They saluted Zhao Hai and then jumped directly into the space channel. Of course, before they jumped into the space channel, the elder who led the team left a daughter of the Phantom Beast Bug here.

Zhao Hai's face was calm, but his eyes were always fixed on the space passage. At that time, Wen Wenhai and the others also showed nervous expressions on their faces. After a while, the phantom beast insect left by the elder who led the team... A voice came from Zichong: "Sect Master, we have arrived and are ready to start building a base." After saying this, there was no sound.

Zhao Hai and the others all let out a sigh of relief. It would be great if they arrived. Even if there is any emergency, they can resist for a while, so that they can respond in the shortest time. If they really Once the base is established and the teleportation array is built, there will be nothing to worry about.

But just when Zhao Hai and the others were breathing a sigh of relief, they heard another voice coming from the elder's fantasy beast, Chong Zicong: "Sect Master, we are being attacked. The people who came are very powerful. Please come immediately, Sect Master." Support." His voice was very urgent, and he knew the matter was very urgent.

As soon as he heard this voice, Zhao Hai didn't even think about it. He moved and jumped directly into the space channel. He didn't even give Wen Wenhai and the others time to react. When Wen Wenhai and the others found out that Zhao Hai had jumped, a None of them were in a hurry, but they could be regarded as people who had experienced strong winds and waves, and they quickly reacted.

Wen Wenhai immediately said loudly: "Quick, pass the order. The organizer will enter that interface immediately and will establish a base there as soon as possible. Quick." A staff officer beside him immediately responded and went to pass the order. The members of the Blood Killing Sect also began to gather in the shortest possible time.

Chang Jun looked at the space passage with some worry, and then said: "Old Wen, do you think the sect master will be in any danger? Do we need to support him immediately?" Chang Jun was still a little worried about Zhao Hai, he didn't Thinking of it, Zhao Hai jumped directly into the space channel.

Wen Wenhai looked at the space passage, shook his head and said: "There is nothing to worry about. As long as the leader passes, the base there will be established soon. What we have to do now is to organize everyone here. , when the base there is established, we will go to support immediately."

Chang Jun nodded. He had no doubts about Zhao Hai's strength. After Zhao Hai passed by, it was certain that a base would be established. When he thought of this, Chang Jun also let out a sigh of relief and said in a deep voice. : "You are right. What we have to do now is to organize everyone as soon as possible. When the boss is ready, we will go to support immediately."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's go back and get everyone ready as soon as possible." After saying that, he moved and returned directly to the Xuanwu space. Chang Jun glanced at the space passage, and then also With a movement, he returned to the Xuanwu space, and at this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already begun to organize their troops.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already arrived in another space. As soon as he appeared in this space, Zhao Hai saw that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were fighting with a group of humanoid monsters. These monsters looked very special. They all They have three eyes, and a few have four eyes. Each of them has four arms, and each arm holds a weapon. Their weapons are also very primitive. They are all made of some Stone axes, stone hammers and the like.

As soon as he saw the appearance of these monsters, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief and murmured: "Asura." Zhao Hai could not be mistaken. The appearance of these monsters looked very much like the legendary Asura. Legend has it that Some of the Asuras in the world have three eyes and four arms, or four eyes and four arms. Of course, these are some low-level Asuras. Some powerful Asuras can have three heads and six arms. Higher levels, that is King-level Asuras, those Asuras are even more powerful.

These Asuras are all very tall. Each of them is about ten meters tall. They are extremely fierce. They are all wearing leather skirts and are bare-chested. Their muscles are bulging, making them look very powerful. Their mouths are big. , the fangs in their mouths are very long, and they are roaring with their mouths wide open. The sound is as loud as thunder.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have now formed a battle formation. However, they have not been able to fly. Instead, they have divided into several small teams and are constantly fighting against the Asuras. However, in this way, they cannot fly at all. There is no time to build a base, and it can be seen that those Asuras are very powerful, and the weapons in their hands are also very huge. You can tell at a glance that they are very powerful, and their defense is also very good. , the weapons of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, when struck on their bodies, can at most give them one more wound, which is not very big.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but smile slightly, and then he smiled slightly and said: "It's interesting, there is really no way to use the magic circle here, and it is also forbidden to fly. It seems that this time the power of the Shadow Clan's law is the Our weaknesses have been found out, and this time we are specifically targeting our weaknesses."

But he just said one sentence, and then he moved his hands and shouted: "Lin." With the sound, his hands had already formed the Fudo Ming King Seal. As the seal in the sky was formed, his body was filled with There was a slight change, an aura emerged from his body, but the figure of the eleven-faced and eight-armed Buddha did not appear.

But the changes on Zhao Hai's body still attracted everyone's attention. Zhao Hai glanced at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then shouted: "Blessings from the skills." Following his figure, a stream of blood fell from the sky. The river immediately submerged him in it, but no one of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was worried, because they all knew very well that the blood river was exactly the technique that appeared when Zhao Hai used the Eight Styles of Blood War. Bless the phenomenon.

At the same time, Zhao Hai's words also reminded them that their current enemies were all tall. When fighting against such enemies, they could not fly, which would be a great disadvantage. Although they could easily jump to such a height, they would not be able to fly. It is not easy to fight those Asuras at that height.

But it would be different if they used Kung Fu blessing. The effect of Kung Fu blessing is very obvious. Not only can it make the enemy unable to see your appearance, but it can also cause greater damage to the enemy. Therefore, using exercises to support these tall Asuras and the people of the Blood Killing Sect is definitely a good idea.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and then some of their disciples who were proficient in the Eight Blood Fighting Styles immediately used the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, and rivers of blood appeared in this space. When those people's blood rivers appeared, Zhao Hai's blood river rushed over and immediately wrapped up all those blood rivers. Soon the many blood rivers merged into one and became A huge blood river formed, which was more than a hundred meters wide and dozens of meters deep. Then the blood river rushed straight towards those Asuras.

Those Asuras obviously did not expect that there would be such a change, so they couldn't help being surprised. Then the blood river directly swept them into it. After a while, the blood river disappeared. When the blood river Completely disappeared, and all those Asuras also disappeared.

Those Asuras disappeared, but those Asuras left some things behind. These things turned out to be some magic weapons. This was something Zhao Hai did not expect. Each of these magic weapons looked very heavy and heavy in shape. There is only one statue, and they all look like a demon-subduing pestle. On this demon-subduing pestle, there is an image of Asura carved on all of them.

The magic pestle is about two meters high. It is very heavy. If you hold it in your hand, it may weigh hundreds of kilograms. Such a magic weapon is really not something that ordinary people can use, but these magic pestles You can tell at a glance that the material is good. Although the whole body is black, there is a faint ray of light. Although this ray of light is reflective, it is enough to tell that this magical instrument is extraordinary.

The most important thing is that Zhao Hai also felt a trace of energy from this magic weapon. This energy is very powerful, and at the same time, this energy is also very weird. It is a bit like the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but You will feel that the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan seems a bit empty and unreal, as if it is not just the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. This makes Zhao Hai feel a little puzzled.

Zhao Hai picked up a demon-subduing pestle and looked at it carefully. He couldn't help but smile. He turned to the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were looking at him excitedly and said, "Okay, don't look at it anymore. Establish a base and let the sect's army come over. This world is the Asura world. The Asuras here are not easy to deal with. As you have just seen, the Asuras we encountered before are just the lowest level Asuras. It’s just Asura, we haven’t met the real Asura masters yet. Now you should also know the strength of those Asuras, right? Work hard.”