c7327 action

Zhao Hai looked at the jade slip in his hand with a smile on his face, and then said: "Yes, it's really good. All the disciples have passed the assessment this time, and many disciples have reached the level of promotion." Standard, it seems that everyone has been working hard recently, which is a good thing."

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone couldn't help but smile. They felt that this was really a good thing. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect passed the examination. This means that all the disciples worked hard, because Their assessment this time was set according to the strength of each disciple. It was a stronger assessment than their original strength. In this way, they could all pass, which is enough to show that they are really attentive. ,very good.

Putting down the jade slip in his hand, Zhao Hai looked at the people in the hall. Everyone looked at him excitedly. Zhao Hai couldn't help laughing and said: "Hahaha, I know what you guys are thinking. Are you thinking?" , when can we attack? Hahaha, are you all anxious to wait? It doesn't matter, I can tell you now, go back and prepare. In three days, we will send people to enter the space channel and enter another interface. Go ahead."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but cheer. Then they all stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Obviously, this news was really good news for them. They have wanted to attack another interface for a long time, but Zhao Hai has not allowed it. Now, Zhao Hai finally agreed, how could they be unhappy.

Zhao Hai looked at them for a while and then said: "Okay, let's go get ready." Everyone responded, then saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left. Zhao Hai looked at them, He couldn't help but shook his head and smiled bitterly. He really didn't expect that Wen Wenhai and the others would want to attack another interface so much. It seemed that they had been really suppressed for a while.

After everyone left, Zhao Hai returned to the space. He did not have anyone to refine a fantasy beast for himself like other disciples, because he did not need it at all. As for the new life seeds, he gave them to Zhao Hai. Hai has a lot of inspirations, life and death, yin and yang, this is the ultimate principle of heaven and earth. It is something that he has been comprehending. The seed of life has given him a lot of inspiration. He feels that his understanding of life and death now, Deeper.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. Three days later, it was the day that Zhao Hai said he would attack another interface. In fact, Zhao Hai no longer had to worry about attacking another interface. Wen Wenhai and the others could handle it. , they knew what to do, so they were all ready without Zhao Hai's instructions.

When the time came, everyone arrived at the edge of the space passage. The space passage looked no different from other space passages. Wen Wenhai and the others also conducted experiments, and the results were the same as other space passages. The detection equipment in the space channel has been decomposed into one layer.

Once they saw this result, Wen Wenhai and the others were relieved. If there were any changes in this space channel, then they would need to be careful. But now, there seems to be no change in this space channel, so they Naturally, I felt relieved.

At this moment, Zhao Hai also appeared next to the space passage. He glanced at Wen Wenhai's experiment, then nodded, then turned to look at the two puppet disciples standing aside, and said in a deep voice: "Are you two going there this time? You must be careful. It may be dangerous. Your magic circle energy may be suppressed there, so you must be careful."

The two puppet disciples responded, and one of them said: "Sect Master, we already have our own phantom beasts. Even if our magic circle is suppressed, there will be no danger. Please rest assured, Sect Master. "These puppet disciples are treated the same as other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Except that they have less human bodies and undead bodies than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, everything else is the same. They also have life seeds. This time they also got Yasha Teeth and Mother Insect, so they were very confident in their actions this time.

When Zhao Hai heard what they said, he nodded and said: "Okay, just have confidence. You must pay attention to safety. If there is any accident, you can retreat immediately. It doesn't matter if you lose one or two lives. As long as you are still alive, there is still a chance, go ahead." Zhao Hai also treats these puppet disciples equally. It is precisely because of this that these puppet disciples are not discriminated against in the Blood Killing Sect. All live well.

When those puppet disciples heard what Zhao Hai said, they also saluted Zhao Hai. They respected Zhao Hai very much. In fact, the status of these puppet disciples in the Blood Killing Sect was similar to that of Gu Yuanzheng and others. They can only be regarded as Zhao Hai's servants, but Zhao Hai never said it or let them say it, so no one knew this.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and said in a deep voice: "Take action, remember, wrap yourself in a few more layers. You know the situation there." The puppet disciples responded, and then they directly He jumped up immediately, and then turned into an egg in the sky, and then fell straight into the space channel.

When the puppet disciples entered the space passage, Zhao Hai and the others became nervous. They all looked at a projection circle not far away, wanting to see what was going on there. They knew that it wouldn't take long. In time, those disciples should appear in the projection array.

But what surprised them was that after waiting for nearly half an hour, there was still no response from the projection array. This made everyone's faces look extremely ugly. At this moment, suddenly Zhao Hai's face relaxed slightly, and then he said: "I can feel it. They are still alive, but they seem to be using the form of phantom beasts to survive now, so they have no way to communicate with us. How about this, send someone Go over there and take a closer look at the situation."

Everyone yelled, and then immediately called for someone to go. After a while, a disciple was called over. As soon as the disciple saw Zhao Hai, he immediately saluted to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at him and said with a smile: " From the Shenji Hall? Yes, but I’m asking a few people to come over. It might be dangerous just to go there alone.”

Wen Wenhai responded, and immediately arranged a few more people, and came directly to the side of the space passage. After several people arrived at the side of the space passage, Zhao Hai glanced at a few people and found that except for the disciple of Shenji Hall In addition, several other people are all physical practitioners, which also makes Zhao Hai very satisfied.

It seems that Wen Wenhai and the others have thought very clearly. Those puppet disciples are very powerful. When they get to that interface, they immediately survive in the form of fantasy beasts and insects. This can only mean that there is something wrong with their bodies. , and the bodies of the puppet disciples have always been extremely powerful. It is almost impossible to destroy their bodies in one go, unless the magic circle in their bodies is suppressed.

If the magic circle in their bodies is really suppressed, it means that they may not be allowed to use the magic circle in that interface. By then, those physical trainings will be able to play their role, so Wen Wenhai just So many physical training disciples were sent out because they can exert their greatest abilities in that interface.

As soon as he saw that several people were ready, Zhao Hai said to them: "That interface may suppress the magic circle. You should put a few more layers of shields on your body, but remember, this armor , the fewer magic circles you use, the better. Don’t worry if you can’t come out of the armor by then, it will be troublesome. I’ll give you two quarters of an hour, two quarters of an hour, to reply to us on time. After two quarters, Zhong, I will send someone there."

Several people all responded, and then they moved their hands, and a small insect appeared in each person's hand. This small insect was the daughter insect produced by the fantasy beast insect in their bodies. Control of the worm, so they can always contact the mother worm. Once the mother worm wants to say something, they will immediately tell Zhao Hai and the others about it.

After getting ready, the disciples moved and jumped up. After they jumped up, their bodies were immediately covered with layers of armor, and then they fell directly into the space passage. Waiting After they fell into the space passage, they disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Zhao Hai and the others looked at the space passage nervously. They were really worried about those disciples. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect died because of this, Zhao Hai would be very sad. If these disciples really died, Zhao Hai He was ready to go by himself. He would not let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect make unnecessary sacrifices.

Fortunately, just about a quarter of an hour later, a voice came from the phantom beast Zigong next to him, and he heard a voice saying: "Sect Master, elders, there cannot be any magic circle here, any magic... The formations cannot be used. All the magic formations seem to be unusable here. Even our space equipment cannot be opened here. The previous senior brothers cannot move now. If you want to use the magic formation here, If so, I think we need to build the Wheel of Law first, and then we can use the magic circle. Although I brought the materials for the Wheel of Law, they are all in my space equipment and there is no way to use them."

Hearing what the disciple said, Zhao Hai and the others all breathed a sigh of relief. Zhao Hai immediately turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Organize the disciples to go over immediately, disassemble the Wheel of Law, and let them take it over. First To build the wheel of magic circle, you must at least establish a base there.”

Wen Wenhai responded and immediately went to give the order. At this moment, he heard another voice from the phantom beast insect: "Sect Master, elders, the situation here is very special. There are mountains, water, and trees, so the place where we are is in a forest. I feel that it is not very safe here. Please ask the sect master and elders to send someone to support us immediately." There was something in his voice. The eagerness also made Zhao Hai slightly stunned.