c7337 Method Two)

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Hu Changfeng said, they were all stunned. Were they really frightened by Hu Changfeng's idea, and regarded a kind of skill as a treasure to protect the clan? They had never thought of such a thing, so Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, not understanding what Hu Changfeng meant.

Hu Changfeng glanced at everyone, and then said: "You may not understand what I mean, but it is actually very easy to understand. We all now have some understanding of the exercises, and we also know more about the magic circle. The reason why the magic circle can concentrate everyone's power is because of the talisman. We input energy into the talisman, and the talisman will concentrate the energy through an energy operation method and then release it. What about Dharma? Gongfa is also a way of running energy. It has attributes. Our aura may not have attributes, but if we use exercises that have attributes, then the aura will have attributes."

Having said this, Hu Changfeng paused for a moment, and then said: "Although each person uses the eight bloody battle styles, there may be some slight differences, but they are generally the same. In other words, the way his energy operates is very different. The framework has not changed, only some small details have changed. As long as the energy runs at the same frequency, it can be completely integrated. We only need to change the frequency of energy to the same. That's fine, so what we have to do is to have a master lead all his disciples and use the Eight Blood Fighting Styles at the same time to let their energy frequencies slowly reach unity. I believe this is almost enough to bring everyone together. The power of the eight movements of bloody battle is unified to form a big skill blessing artistic conception, just like a river of blood. When the time comes, we use this blood river to deal with those Asura masters, and we will definitely be better than if we spread out and use our respective The power is much stronger to deal with those Asura masters."

Hu Changfeng said this, and then said: "Now we still have the phantom beast bugs. We can communicate through the phantom beast bugs. In this way, the unity of our mental frequencies will be easier to achieve. As long as all of us can If the energy frequency can be unified, then our power will become extremely powerful. Not only will we protect ourselves, but we will not have any problems even if we are against the enemy. What do you think?"

Everyone listened to Hu Changfeng's words quietly. To be honest, before Hu Changfeng said these words, they had never thought of this. But after Hu Changfeng said these words, everyone felt that, This seems to make perfect sense.

The Blood Killer Sect is not only studying magic formations these days, but also has never stopped studying the operation of energy, the operation of energy, and various techniques. There are countless techniques and countless magic formations in the world of cultivation. In the final analysis, It's just a different way of energy running. Just like the Five Elements Killing Formation, he is the power of the Five Elements. Originally, he was not in any danger, but if these Five Elements powers are arranged in a mutually reinforcing manner, then he will be It has turned into a five-element killing formation that makes people extremely headache. This is caused by the difference in the way energy operates.

Hu Changfeng's idea is to start from the frequency of energy operation. The timing of the energy released in the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles is almost the same. If the energy frequency can really be the same, then these forces can be concentrated Get up and become a huge force of energy. This method is absolutely feasible.

The more Wen Wenhai thought about it, the more he thought it was feasible. He couldn't help but his eyes lit up and he said in a deep voice: "I think what Old Hu said makes sense. This method may really be feasible. We can ask the boss to see if this method is possible." Is it feasible? If it is feasible, then we will start preparations immediately. Even if this method is feasible, I am afraid it will take a lot of time to practice."

"Hahahaha, I thought you would have to wait for a while before you would think of this. I didn't expect that you would think of this so quickly. Hahahaha, very good, really good, feasible, completely feasible, Hu Changfeng , you are not bad, very smart, hahahaha." Zhao Hai's voice came suddenly, and you could hear a trace of happiness in his voice.

Of course, his words are even more eye-catching because he directly admitted that this method is feasible. This is really great. This means that the Blood Killing Sect has another means of attack, which is very important to them. It was definitely a good thing, everyone had smiles on their faces.

Wen Wenhai turned to look at everyone, thought for a while, and then said: "Old Hu, I will leave this matter to you. You will return to the Xuanwu Space immediately, select a disciple, and start studying this matter immediately. Things, remember, when you first start practicing, you have to practice in a real illusion. After you succeed, you can conduct experiments outside. If everything succeeds, you will immediately bring people to the Asura Realm. Now leave the matter here to us, you just need to do it well with peace of mind."

Hu Changfeng responded. He also knew that this matter was very important. If this matter could be done well, then the biggest problem of their Blood Killing Sect would be solved, and they would no longer have to care about the threats of others. This other people not only refers to the Asura clan, but also other races.

Everything in the Blood Killing Sect is developing very well, but what is missing most? The answer is the master, the top master. Now in the Blood Killing Sect, there is only one top master, and that is Zhao Hai. The others are not masters at all and can only be regarded as average strength.

Without the top masters sitting in the battle, they have always been unsure. Just like this time, they can use various means to deal with the Asura army and even defeat it. There is absolutely no problem, but the Asura clan has some extremely powerful people. Masters, there are several of these top masters, they can separate a few to entangle Zhao Hai, and the rest can directly attack them, but they have no way to resist, so they will suffer a big loss. .

It is precisely because of this that they say that they have dragged down Zhao Hai. If the Blood Killing Sect has a few masters who can block the masters of the Asura clan, they don't have to worry about anything at all. They can completely put it down. The other party immediately dealt with them. Those Asura armies, they could deal with them however they wanted without any scruples. However, precisely because there were no masters, they could only stop impatiently like they did now.

If Hu Changfeng's experiment can really succeed, it will be really good news for the Blood Killing Sect. If this method can really block the attack of the enemy masters, then they will have a chance to fight with the enemy. With the ability, they no longer have to worry about the enemy's revenge. By then, the Blood Killing Sect will not be able to kill everyone.

After Hu Changfeng sat down, Wen Wenhai looked at the others and said in a deep voice: "Lao Hu's method is a good one, but we must also think of some other methods. We cannot put all our hopes in Do you have any other methods for them?" Wen Wenhai is a commander, he is not a gambler. As a commander, you can occasionally take risks with your troops, which is also a kind of gamble, but if you If you bet every time, sooner or later you will lose everything.

Wen Wenhai couldn't gamble, because once he lost the bet, it would be a matter of life and death for countless disciples of the entire Blood Killing Sect, so he couldn't gamble. He had to try his best to prepare everything he could, and then step by step Slowly destroying the enemy is what a commander should do.

As soon as Wen Wenhai finished speaking, everyone was silent for a while. Hu Changfeng's method was a good method, but other than this method, they really didn't have any good methods. But at this time, a person stood Getting up, he said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, I really think we can help."

When everyone saw Cang Ming, the person who spoke was Cang Ming. When they saw Cang Ming, everyone was stunned at first, and then their eyes lit up. Wen Wenhai even nodded. What does Cang Ming do? He is from the Zerg tribe, and the Zerg tribe is the king of the underground. They have always been active underground, and the underground is really a good place.

When Cang Ming stood up, Wen Wenhai almost understood what Cang Ming meant. Underground, it was Cang Ming and others who had the final say. Even if Cang Ming and others were underground, they still could not use the magic circle, but their innate abilities, But they can move freely underground. If there is an opponent's master who really wants to attack them, and Cang Ming and the others are underground to support them, they can go directly underground and avoid the opponent's attack, even if they just block the opponent's attack. , that’s also good.

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai immediately said to Cang Ming: "Elder Cang Ming, please explain your plan carefully." Wen Wenhai really wanted to hear whether Cang Ming and the others had any specific plans. If so, that would be great, it would save them a lot of trouble.

Cang Ming responded, and then said: "We haven't discovered yet that the Asura clan has any army underground, but I have discovered that the ground strength here in the Asura world is much stronger than that in the Yaksha world. Maybe It is precisely because of this that the people here in the Asura Realm are not worried that we will attack them from underground. After all, they are still very tall. With such a height, even if we attack them underground, they will have enough time to do it. We can't react, but we can make use of this underground. We can build our base underground, and we can even hollow out the entire underground. In this way, even if the enemy has an underground army and wants to attack us from underground, he can't. It is almost impossible, but we can move freely underground and respond to you at any time."

Cang Ming's words are actually very simple. The Asura clan doesn't seem to pay much attention to the underground now, and they have an underground race, so they must make use of the underground. Even if they don't attack those Asuras from underground, they You can also build a base underground specifically to handle them. This is definitely a guarantee for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Wen Wenhai and the others nodded unconsciously, feeling that what Cang Ming said made sense.