c7333 Agreement

"Hahahaha, I don't dare to underestimate your Blood Killing Sect. Now your Blood Killing Sect's magic circle cannot be used, and you have no reinforcements. Moreover, you are also suppressed by the power of the law here. In addition, we, the Asura clan, To deal with you, I really want to see what capabilities your Blood Killing Sect has. If in this case, your Blood Killing Sect can defeat our Asura clan, then I admire you. "That The sound came again, and it was still so strong.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Okay, then let's give it a try. I also want to see if you, the Asura clan, can defeat our Blood Killing Sect. I won't take action this time, but you can't send experts to take action either." , I know that in your Asura clan, there may be more than one master like you. If I find that there is any master with the same strength as you who takes action, then I will take action. Don't think that there are more of you. What to do with me, I want to leave the Asura Realm, and you can’t stop me. I want to take our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect out of the Asura Realm, and you can’t stop me. If you don’t believe it, let’s give it a try. , if you really want to fight with our Blood Killing Sect, I advise you to play less tricks, it will not be of any benefit to everyone."

"Okay, you are indeed Zhao Hai. Based on your words, I will admit that you are a person. Don't worry, I don't bother to take action against those ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples, but if I find you taking action, then Don't blame me for being rude." After saying that, the other party's voice fell silent, and the world seemed to become quiet all of a sudden.

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others also gathered around Zhao Hai, and their faces looked very solemn. Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and said in a deep voice: "You should have heard what we just said, then do it. Get ready. People who don’t have war plants and can’t use Kung Fu blessings can form teams and act together. People who have Zhan Zhi and can use Kung Fu blessings can also form teams and act alone. But there must be connections between them. Also, let me tell you, don’t build the Wheel of Law at will. I feel that the other party is very sensitive to the Wheel of Law. If we really build the Wheel of Law, The other party may attack us directly."

Wen Wenhai responded, and he immediately turned to the others: "Let's go and pass the order. There is no way to use the communication circle now, so we can only pass the order orally. Pass the order to the captains of each team as soon as possible, and then From them to the disciples below, complete the entire team in the shortest time. The disciples who do not have Zhan Zhi and cannot use Kung Fu blessings will form a team of a thousand people. The disciples who have Zhan Zhi and can use Kung Fu blessings will be five There are ten to one hundred people in each team, and each team can be assigned by itself. Remember the rules and be quick. I want them to complete the team in the shortest time and be ready to fight at any time."

Everyone else also responded, and then immediately began to gather people, and then quickly passed on the orders. The management system of the Blood Killing Sect was very complete. It was passed down layer by layer, and all the orders were quickly passed on. After the transfer was completed, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to form a team.

Upon seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief, and just pass on the order. As long as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can complete the team quickly, then they are not without the power to fight against the Asura clan. You know Before entering the Asura world, Zhao Hai made a lot of preparations.

At this time, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who had armor also put on armor. Of course, these armors were phantom beast armors, and the weapons were all transformed from phantom beasts, so it seemed that their combat effectiveness was not weak. Without these If prepared, Zhao Hai might not necessarily fight against the Asura clan, but now he is really not afraid anymore.

While Wen Wenhai and the others were paying attention to the preparations of the Blood Killing Sect, they summoned all the masters in the sect and asked them to pay attention to the surrounding situation. If the Ashu Shu clan came to attack at this time, then Those masters must step up, and at the same time, those disciples from the Blood Killing Sect who have completed the task as a whole team must also step up.

In fact, none of the disciples in the Blood Killing Sect are afraid of fighting alone, so no matter whether they use battle formations or not, none of the disciples in the Blood Killing Sect are afraid. You must know that many of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are in the real illusion. Here, they have experienced countless battles, single-player battles, team battles, small team battles, battles in battle formations, and all kinds of battles.

Although they have known for a long time that fighting in a real illusion is a little different from fighting with people in the outside world, but the gap is very big. When it comes to actual combat experience, I am afraid that people without that power can fight with blood. Compared with other sects, no disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is afraid of all kinds of battles.

On the contrary, what happened this time has completely aroused the bloody nature in the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They are now a little excited. This time they fought with the enemy differently. When they fought with the enemy, they had all the advantages of time, location, people, etc., plus the help of the magic circle. But this time, they had no advantage at all. It could even be said that they were completely defeated. When they are at a disadvantage, in this case, they are fighting the enemy, which is completely different from before. If they can defeat the enemy and defeat the enemy in this case, then they are a real man and a real hero. It is precisely because of this idea that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very excited.

Just before the entire team of the Blood Killing Sect was completed, a roar came out, and then the sound got closer and closer. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately became nervous. They all knew that the Asura clan was coming to attack. When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai immediately said loudly: "All the disciples who have completed the team, assemble to the outside, Zhan Zhi, assemble to the outside, kill the battle fort with blood, and retreat to the middle of the formation to form a complete camp for the disciples to rest." .”

Now in the Asura world, only the magic circle in the Blood Killing Battle Castle can operate normally, but their energy cannons and skyfires used to attack are all unusable. They can only use tentacles. It can be used for close combat, or it can be used as a camp for disciples to rest.

Wen Wenhai knew very well that Zhao Hai would not let anything happen to these blood-killing battle forts, so Zhao Hai would definitely save these blood-killing battle forts. There were wheels of law and radars in the blood-killing battle forts. As long as the blood-killing battle forts were The Killing Castle can be used, which will be of great help to the Blood Killing Sect.

The most important point is that there is a teleportation array in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, and the teleportation array in the Blood Killing Battle Fort has also been improved. It is no longer the kind of teleportation array that can only be teleported in one interface, but It is a teleportation array that can carry out cross-border teleportation, which is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect.

Although those Asuras sound like they know a lot about the Blood Killing Sect, if you listen carefully to what they say, you will find that they only have a superficial understanding of the Blood Killing Sect. They don't know many details about the Blood Killing Sect, but now Zhao Hai probably won't let them use the Blood Killing Battle Fort right away to transport all the Blood Killing Sect disciples to the Asura Realm. That way If so, their trump card will be exposed.

Zhao Hai had been listening to Wen Wenhai's command. When he heard this, he nodded with satisfaction. Wen Wenhai was really very good. Now he can completely stand alone. Now he is being squeezed by the opponent's master's words. After a while, there was no way to directly attack those Asuras. At this time, we could only rely on Wen Wenhai and the others.

To be honest, before entering the Asura world, Zhao Hai had already thought that he might encounter some situations here, especially those specifically targeting the Blood Killing Sect, but he did not expect that the facts would be so serious as this Cheng Du, especially those masters from the Ashu Shu Realm, although the opponent's strength is not as good as him, it is still easy if the opponent does not fight with him and only targets the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect or people like Wen Wenhai and the others. It is possible to succeed, so Zhao Hai really doesn't dare to move now.

Of course, it is precisely because of the existence of Zhao Hai that the masters on the other side do not dare to take action against the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai said before that there may be more than one such master in the Asura World. In fact, I am reminding the other party that your strength is not as good as mine. Only the number of people prevents me from making any moves. If you dare to act recklessly, I will not be polite.

The other party obviously knew this, so he agreed that they would not take action casually. Zhao Haicai would not believe in the character of the other party. The most important reason why they could reach this agreement and both parties would abide by it is because the strength of both parties is actually equal. Although the masters of the Blood Killing Sect are There is only Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai alone can be as powerful as several of the other party, so the other party does not dare to really give Zhao Hai to Ruomao. It will not be of any benefit to them. If they really give Zhao Hai If they are provoked, and they ignore it and directly attack the Asura clan with all their strength, then the Asura clan will probably be in trouble.

Of course, if the Blood Killing Sect completely gains the upper hand in the future and the Asura clan cannot withstand it, then it will not be surprising for those masters of the Asura clan to take action. What kind of agreement is there for the people of the Asura clan? It is said that it is useless at all. Sometimes, the agreement may be worse than a fart.

But now Zhao Hai cannot take action at will, because if he takes action, the opponent will take action with all his strength. In that case, the loss of the Blood Killing Sect will be too great. Now Zhao Hai lets the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fight Asura, While fighting, he was thinking of ways to see how he could not only save the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but also defeat the opponent. As long as he found a way, he could take action without any scruples. Of course, that agreement Of course, there is no need to guard it, but he will not take action until he finds a way.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are indeed well-trained warriors. They completed the entire schedule in the shortest time. Soon, the disciples who completed the team and the combat plants all arrived at the periphery of the Blood Killing Sect base, and The Blood Killing Battle Fort has already entered the center of the base, and the entire base has completed its formation changes in a short period of time. rw