c7332 black hand

Wen Wenhai received Chang Jun's letter. After reading the letter, he couldn't help but frowned. He thought that facing those Asuras would be like facing those Yakshas, ​​so he just had to put more effort into it, but now It seems, but it is not like that at all. The strength of those Asuras is very strong, and the special terrain there does not allow the movement of large armies at all. On the contrary, the battles there may be small-scale battles. , so that the battle formations they trained before will be less useful. On the contrary, there may be many such small-scale conflicts.

The strength of those Asuras really exceeded his imagination. This time, it seemed that they would not be able to do it without using all their strength. Wen Wenhai immediately invited all the elders who had stayed behind, and then asked them to organize people as soon as possible. Come, rush to the Asura Realm as soon as possible, don't miss Zhao Hai's business.

At the same time, Wen Wenhai also told the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect about the situation in the Asura Realm, and told them that after arriving there, when fighting Asura, those with war plants must use war plants, and those without war plants. If you can use the exercises to support you, use the exercises to support you. If you can’t even use the exercises to support you, then form a small team with a few people and don’t mess around.

Then batches of Blood Killing Sect disciples were sent to the Asura Realm, and in the Asura World, the Blood Killing Sect established several rooms in the inner space. The disciples who entered there could go there first. Make some repairs, and then go to battle according to Chang Jun's orders.

Of course, the Blood Killing Battle Castle has also entered the Asura Realm, and at the same time, the giant beasts have also entered the Asura Realm. The entire Blood Killing Sect has already taken action, heading towards the Asura Realm as quickly as possible. They are very clear that the Asura world needs their support even more now.

The situation here in the Asura world is really not good now. Now it is completely those Asuras who are suppressing the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and more and more Asuras are gathering, which makes Chang Jun and the others Feeling huge pressure, although those Asuras can't fly, they can jump onto the shield. The gray mist of the Five Elements Killing Formation doesn't seem to have much damage to those Asuras, so those Asuras Shura can keep attacking their shield on their shield, and the people of the Blood Killing Sect have to passively defend at all times.

But Zhao Hai never took action. He just looked at the situation outside quietly. But if someone really noticed him, they would find that his eyes were always paying attention to the outside, but it was not the Asuras outside. , but in another direction, where he felt an extremely powerful aura.

Zhao Hai's face was very solemn. He could feel that the aura was definitely an Asura, but the strength of that Asura was really too strong, which surprised him very much. He was sure that, That must be an Asura King, and now the two of them are having a qi confrontation, so he has no time to deal with those ordinary Asuras. Of course, it is not impossible if he really wants to deal with those ordinary Asuras. , but he wanted to let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have a good feel for the strength of these Asuras, so he never took action.

The strength of those Asuras is indeed very powerful. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have now used the metal wall battle formation, but even so, they can still block the attacks of those Asuras. After all, the Blood Killing Sect's The base is too small, and it is impossible for the Blood Killing Sect's army to fully deploy, and mass-destruction array weapons like Mantianhuo are not very useful here. If Mantianhuo is within the shield If it explodes, it will hurt the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If it is taken outside the shield, there is the world of the power of the laws of the Asura world. The sky full of fire will not explode at all, so it is useless at all.

Although those war plants will produce some exploding fruits, the power of those fruits after exploding has no effect on those asuras, because those asuras all have a black smoke on their bodies. Defense, this kind of defense cannot be broken by the fruit.

Zhao Hai was also very impatient for this situation. Although he thought that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws might target some of the Blood Killing Sect's weaknesses to deal with them, he did not expect that the other party would actually use it. Such a method, done so thoroughly, gave Zhao Hai a headache.

Now it seems that if we want to deal with the Asura world, we can only ask the masters of the Blood Killing Sect to form a small team, first clean up the Asuras outside, and then take action. This is not a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. , but it is very important to clean up the Asuras outside, so that they can expand their territory, allow more Blood Killing Sect disciples to join the fight, and defeat the Asuras here in the Asura World.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about this, he suddenly felt that the force that was confronting him disappeared. This made Zhao Hai slightly stunned. Then he looked for it and found that the force was indeed gone. Zhao Hai couldn't help but be a little surprised, and what surprised him even more was yet to come. Then he saw that the Asuras who were besieging them began to retreat. In the blink of an eye, they retreated completely and disappeared completely. , which made Zhao Hai even more puzzled.

Not only Zhao Hai is puzzled, but other people in the Blood Killing Sect are also very puzzled. They really don’t know what is going on and why those Asiushu suddenly retreated. Weren’t they always there before? Are you suppressing the blood and killing the clan? Why did you retreat suddenly?

Zhao Hai glanced at the direction in which the force confronting him disappeared. After the force confronting him disappeared, those Asuras retreated. To say that there was no connection between them was absolutely impossible. It's possible, but why would the other party retreat? This really made Zhao Hai feel very weird.

However, the other party retreated, which was a problem for the Blood Killing Sect. Without Zhao Hai's instructions, Chang Jun immediately organized his disciples to expand outwards. They must make their territory larger. Only In this way, they can truly gain a foothold in the Asura world.

Zhao Hai will naturally not object to Chang Jun's approach. This is exactly what he wants to do. They must expand. If they do not expand, then they will not be able to exert their full strength. If they can't show their strength, it will naturally be impossible for them to defeat Asura.

Soon the territory of the Blood Killing Sect expanded to about ten times its original size. At the same time, nearly half of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have entered the Asura Realm. However, the Xuanwu Space has not reached the Asura Realm. They still stay in the Yaksha Realm. There, that root is now the root of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, when Wen Wenhai and the others arrived at the Asura Realm, all matters in the Yaksha Realm were left to Laura and the others. At the same time, the Blood Killing Sect also began to build its own base with all its strength. But at this moment, suddenly, The entire Asura world shook, as if there was an earthquake. This shocked everyone. They didn't know what happened, but fortunately they were all monks, and there was no one in the Blood Killing Sect. Something is afraid of earthquakes, so although everyone was a little surprised, they were not too panicked.

Just when everyone was looking around in confusion, they suddenly saw a huge black hand reaching out from the sky, and then this giant hand slapped on the shield of the Blood Killing Sect, I heard a bang, and the shield of the Blood Killing Sect was shattered. At the same time, all the wheels of law in the Blood Killing Sect base were also shattered. At the moment when the wheel of law was broken, , all the magic formations on the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can no longer be used, even the teleportation formation can no longer be used.

This change was really surprising. Before everyone could react, a second black giant hand came towards the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all building outside. At the base, people are relatively concentrated. If Zero Point's giant hand is hit, the consequences will be really disastrous. How many people will die at this time.

At this time, he heard Zhao Hai shout angrily: "How brave." Following his voice, he formed seals with his hands and shouted: "Lin!" Following his voice, his entire temperament suddenly changed. After the change, he seemed to have turned into a giant Buddha standing tall on the sky. Although his body did not become larger, his momentum made people feel like he had turned into a mountain in an instant. .

Then I saw Zhao Hai wave his hand and slap it towards the giant hand in the sky. Following Zhao Hai's movements, a huge energy hand came straight towards the black giant hand in the sky, and I heard There was a loud bang, and the two giant hands collided together. Both giant hands disappeared, but the overflowing energy still caused the space in the sky to distort for a while, as if it was about to break. It was very horrible.

At this time, a very rich voice came and said: "Hahahaha, you are indeed the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. You are so impressive. It is not in vain that I have spent so much effort to kill all the members of the Blood Killing Sect." You have been brought to my Asura Realm. None of you want to leave. Also, Sect Master Zhao Hai, I advise you that you’d better not take action casually here in Asura. If you do, then I He will also take action, and then your Blood Killing Sect will suffer a lot of losses."

When Zhao Hai heard what the other party said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then a smile appeared on his face. He said solemnly: "I really didn't expect that you would actually know my name and treat our Blood Killing Sect Guild." With this understanding, it seems that my previous guess was correct. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan indeed entered the Asura Realm through the space channel, and told you all what happened in the Yaksha Realm, so you I just made this arrangement. It seems that the people here in the Asura Realm are very closely integrated with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. But do you really think that with this, you can deal with our bloody murder? Are you a sect? Do you really think that our Blood Killing Sect is not prepared at all? Do you underestimate our Blood Killing Sect too much?"