c7339 fortress

Compared with Zhao Hai's patience, Wen Wenhai's patience is much lower. Now they are training their disciples on how to deal with Asura, and at the same time they are paying attention to the progress of Cang Ming and Hu Changfeng, hoping that They were almost done, but Wen Wenhai didn't rush Cang Ming, Hu Changfeng and the others because he knew very well that if he did, there might be problems. Haste makes waste, Wen Wenhai and the others understood this. .

Not only did they not urge them, they didn't even ask. They were just training disciples, and at the same time they were also paying attention to the planting situation of war plants in the base. Now in their base, in addition to the original plants, they also A lot of war plants were planted, and many of these war plants were planted directly on the Blood Killing War Fortress. War plants do not need soil anyway. They can absorb energy from nature, so even if they are planted on the Blood Killing War Castle, There was nothing on the fort.

Originally, Zhao Hai and the others were worried that Zhan Zhi would be affected by the power of laws in the Asura World and would not be able to survive for a long time when they arrived in the Asura World. After all, these Zhan Zhi all had magic circles in their bodies. Yes, and those war plants rely on these magic circles to absorb the energy around them and survive.

But here in the Asura World, the magic circle cannot be used, so whether these war plants can survive is a question, so Zhao Hai and the others were a little worried at first. But they soon discovered that this was not a problem at all. All the war plants were surviving very well and were not affected by the power of the laws here at all.

This situation has also attracted the attention of Wen Yuming. They are currently studying this situation, but so far, there is no result, because Wen Yuming believes that as long as this result is found, then they will There is no need to worry about the magic circle not being able to be used, and there is no need to worry now that the magic circle will be affected by the power of the law.

But no matter what, war plants can be used here in the Asura Realm. This is definitely good news for the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this that a lot of them are now planted in the Blood Killing Sect’s base. Zhan Zhi, if you look down from the sky now, you can't see the Blood Killing Sect's Blood Killing Battle Forts at all. The entire Blood Killing Sect base has been completely occupied by various plants. .

Here at the Blood Killing Sect base, there were originally some plants growing in the Asura world. These plants originally had strong Buddha nature and could be used directly as Buddhist tools. However, due to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, pollution, so it cannot be used as a Buddhist vessel. However, Zhao Hai has made these plants bloom and turned them into Buddhist vessels again. These plants are also very tall, but they are not war plants after all.

Now the Blood Killing Sect has planted a lot of war plants. Some new varieties of war plants are also very tall, even taller than those Buddhist plants. In this way, they have blocked those Buddhist plants, but okay Now, those Buddhist plants do not have great requirements for light, and those war plants do not compete with Buddhist plants for living space, so there is no problem. In addition, some war plants of the Blood Killing Clan are included. Some of the plants will still emit light, so it will not have any impact on the survival of those Buddhist plants.

It can be said that the base of the Blood Killing Sect has completely turned into a huge war plant fortress. If Ashusu comes to attack again, they will definitely not get a favor. Those war plants alone will It's enough for them to drink a shell. The fighting power of these war plants is no joke.

The blood killing sect's war plants are now divided into several types. One is like bread tree and Babel vine. They are powerful war plants and are responsible for attacking the enemy. Their attack power is strong and their defense power is also very strong. The main combat plant used by the Blood Killing Sect is also the most commonly used combat plant by the Blood Killing Sect.

The second type is mushrooms and dodders. They can absorb the enemy's energy. This is what they are used for. This type of combat plant is used a lot by the Blood Killing Sect now, but compared to those powerful combat plants. , these war plants, the Blood Killing Sect still uses relatively less.

The third type of war plant is a relatively small war plant. These war plants have the same function, which is to release toxins. These war plants are generally war plants like flowers or grass. These war plants Plants do not have strong attack capabilities, and their defense capabilities are not very strong, but these plants can emit some smells. These smells are very light and you may not notice them at all, but these smells are poisonous and make Before you know it, you will be poisoned.

The Blood Killing Sect's war plants have developed very quickly in recent times. In addition to refining a life seed war plant for each disciple, they have also refined many other war plants. Not all war plants have been refined. Plants, like the life seed war plants, have the attributes of the undead clan. The ordinary war plants they refine do not have such attributes. Of course, they also have shortcomings that this kind of war plants do not have. Then It's just that the movement speed is slow, it can even be said that it is almost impossible to move.

However, this kind of war plant does not require soil, which is good news. Therefore, it is still very feasible to build the Blood Killing Sect's base into a war plant fortress as it is now. It is also through this incident that we can Hu Wei and the others knew that Zhan Zhi also had unlimited possibilities.

The Blood Killing Sect was concentrating on building its own war plant fortress, but the people in the Asura world surprisingly did not attack. Although Zhao Hai didn't know why, he guessed that it might be related to the last incident. , the people in the Asura world were very confident last time. In their opinion, the people of the Blood Killing Sect cannot use battle formation techniques, magic circles, or magic weapons, so they packed up the Blood Killing Sect, That's not something that's readily available.

But they didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect actually defeated them in the end and caused them a big loss. This was something those Asuras didn't expect. The most important thing is that those Ashu Shu have always believed that no one from the Blood Killing Sect can break their shield, but they did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would destroy their shield so quickly. , which surprised them even more.

It is precisely because of this that people in the Asura Realm have not attacked the Blood Killing Sect in recent times. Presumably, they now understand that they are not absolutely sure that they can take down the Blood Killing Sect in one fell swoop. They should also be in the process of attacking the Blood Killing Sect. Be prepared, but don't know what kind of preparation they are making.

The two sides are now wary of each other, so no one makes the first move. This also gives the Blood Killing Sect enough time to carry out their own experiments smoothly. There is only one thing Zhao Hai has to do these days. , that is, the cross-legged one will be in the sky above the Blood Killing Sect base, guarding the entire Blood Killing Sect base.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very busy every day, but every time those disciples look up and see Zhao Hai sitting above the base, they feel extremely calm. They believe that as long as Zhao Hai is here, they can definitely protect them. With Zhao Hai here, there is no enemy they can't defeat.

A month passed in the blink of an eye. In this month, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took ten days to build the war plant fortress in the base. During the rest of the time, they have been While improving this war-planted fortress, they must also become familiar with the environment here as soon as possible so that they can have the upper hand when facing the enemy in the future.

On this day, Wen Wenhai called all the core elders of the Blood Demonstration to the hall of the Blood Killing Battle Castle. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai smiled and said to everyone: "I called everyone here this time in response to Cang's request. Elder Ming’s request, he said there is news to be announced, Elder Cang Ming, please tell me.”

As soon as Wen Wenhai said this, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all looked at Cang Ming. Their eyes were all shining. Everyone guessed what Cang Ming was going to say, so They all looked very excited. If Cang Ming really built the underground base, it would definitely be a good thing for them.

Cang Ming stood up, smiled slightly at everyone and said: "I think everyone should already know what I am going to say. Your guess is correct. Our underground base has been built now, although it has not been completed yet. The entire Asura world has been hollowed out, but we have hollowed out our Blood Slaughter Sect base and the land thousands of miles away from the base, and established a huge underground base. The reason why we have not dug farther away is , one of the important reasons is that we were worried about being discovered by people from the Asura world, so we stopped, but now our underground base is fully capable of cooperating with ground troops in combat."

When they heard that there were so many Cangming, everyone applauded. As long as the underground base could cooperate with them in fighting, it would be fine. After all, it is not that easy to turn the entire Asura underground into an underground base. , you can take your time, don't be in a hurry, there are still some people who have the patience to do it.

Wen Wenhai also stood up and clapped his hands vigorously towards Cang Ming. Everyone else did the same. There was a burst of fierce applause and it took a while to calm down. This also caused Cang Ming to salute everyone frequently. , but the smile on his face turned into a flower. He was really happy. The Zerg had always felt that they were not taken seriously in the Blood Killing Sect, but this time, they really made a difference. Take the limelight.

When everyone calmed down, Wen Wenhai waved his hands and said in a deep voice: "Although Elder Hu's research has not been completed yet, I heard that their research has made great progress and has begun to enter. Now that they have reached the practice stage, this means that they are not far away from success. I wonder what everyone thinks about this matter?"

Not many people really know about this matter. Now when they heard what Wen Wenhai said, everyone applauded again. They all knew very well that what Wen Wenhai said was very important. It meant Now, Hu Changfeng's research is actually completed. The next step is training. As long as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect adapt to this fighting method, they will soon be able to use this method to deal with the Asura world. People.