c7335 counterattack

As soon as he saw that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were a little weak, Zhao Hai immediately knew what the problem was. Of course, Wen Wenhai and the others also noticed this, so they immediately ordered the second batch to The disciples attack and replace the first batch of disciples. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are already very familiar with this kind of formation change. When they change formations, they can ensure that their attack power is not weak, their combat effectiveness is not weakened, and there will be no one. Any chaos is very important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because it means that when they are fighting the enemy, they can change their hands at any time without affecting the battle situation. If the enemy does not have this In two seconds, they would be dead.

Those Asuras also noticed that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already begun to change people, but they had nothing to do. The attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples were always sideways, even when they were changing people. Before they could react, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already replaced themselves.

And those disciples who were replaced all entered the Blood Killing Battle Castle to rest. After those disciples entered the Blood Killing Battle Castle, they immediately used all kinds of methods to kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The most common ones they used were, In fact, it is the attack of the Phantom Beast Insect. The Phantom Beast Insect was originally created to deal with the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. What the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect carry is nothing more than the female insect. This female insect is an illusion. Beasts can become their armor and weapons, and can also become their assistants, but similarly, they can also lay eggs and produce countless bugs. These bugs are also a means of attack for the mother bugs, and It's not that their own strength will be affected after giving birth to bugs, that won't happen.

Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect used this kind of attack. As soon as they started, they were attacked by phantom beast insects. Countless small insects, like black mist, rushed towards the Asuras, and then fell directly on the Asuras. , as soon as these little insects landed on Asura's body, they began to desperately absorb the layer of black smoke on Asura's body. Although the layer of black smoke did not seem to be afraid of inhaling, because the amount of black smoke was too much. It is solidified. It should be formed by the solidification and compression of black smoke, the power of the ordinary Shadow Clan law. So although it only has one layer, it is very strong and there are many of them.

Although those phantom beast insects were absorbing the black smoke, they were not very fast. Those Asuras did not notice it at first. However, this method is not impossible. You must know that the Blood Killing Sect is now using This kind of phantom beast insect is very different from the previous magic bugs. The previous magic bugs absorbed energy and would only digest it and strengthen themselves. In the end, they would be affected by that energy and change. Got out of control.

But the current phantom beast worms are different. The situation of the current phantom beast worms is completely different. The daughter worms produced by the phantom beast worms will absorb part of the energy directly back to the mother worm. In the body, the strength of the mother worm is strengthened, and the mother worm and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are one body. In other words, a large part of the power transferred back to the body of the mother worm is also passed on to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This is like invisibly helping the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to replenish the energy in their bodies. This is definitely a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also discovered this. This discovery made them very excited. They found that when they were fighting those Asuras, they were constantly absorbing the energy in the Asuras' bodies. In other words, Asura's energy will become less and less, but the energy in their bodies can be restored faster, which is definitely a good thing for them.

Of course, there are also some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who are plant masters. They directly released things like mushrooms and dodders that specifically absorb the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. As soon as these plants were released, they immediately began to spread over a large area. Those Ah A large number of mushrooms grew on the surface of Shura's body.

As soon as those mushrooms grow out, the black smoke outside Asura's body disappears faster. But it is a pity that those mushrooms cannot kill those Asuras. Those mushrooms are not like when dealing with Yaksha. , grew out of Yaksha's body. Those mushrooms actually grew outside Asura's body. This would not cause any fatal harm to Asura, but would only cause black smoke on the surface of their bodies. All disappear.

But even so, this is definitely good news for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because the layer of black smoke on the surface of Asura's body is the best defensive shield, and that layer of defensive shield However, it blocked most of the attacks from the Blood Killing Sect, preventing the Asura clan from being harmed. Now that the shield has weakened or even disappeared, when the Asura clan is attacked, the damage they suffer will naturally be greater.

Asura didn't notice this problem at first. After they discovered that these mushrooms were growing on their bodies, they smashed them to pieces, but it was no use. As many times as they smashed them, the mushrooms would grow again. As soon as they came out, they found that these mushrooms did not seem to be able to kill them. In addition, the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples did not stop, so they did not care and continued to fight against the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

But they soon discovered that the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples seemed to cause more damage to them. In the past, the swords of the Blood Killing Sect disciples would only leave a small gash on their bodies. With their physical strength, They will recover soon. Sometimes, the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples can't even leave any wounds on their bodies, so they don't care much about the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

But now the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples have become extremely powerful. A single strike of the knife will leave a long and deep wound on their body. The most important thing is that there seems to be a wound on the wound. It contains an energy that prevents their wounds from healing and accelerates their blood loss. This discovery surprised all the Asuras.

Just when they were surprised, they suddenly discovered that there were many tiny vines that were wrapped around them. Those vines grew very fast. The most important thing was that there were small flowers growing on all of those vines. , and very tenacious, wrapping around their bodies actually gave them a feeling of being restrained, making their movements suddenly very uncomfortable. Sometimes their movements would slow down, and their movements would become very uncomfortable. Slowing down their movements would give the Blood Killing Sect disciples a chance, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples would leave more wounds on their bodies.

The most important thing is that the growth speed of those vines is really amazing. Many Asuras were entangled into rice dumplings by those vines without paying attention. Then all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had to do was simple, go up The Asura was killed with one strike, and the number of Asura's casualties suddenly increased.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face. He originally wanted Wen Wenhai to send those giant beasts to join the battle, and when those Asuras were sucked away by the mushrooms and their black smoke shields were taken away, they could directly attack He sent giant beasts to take care of all those Asuras, but after thinking about it, he still didn't say that the commander is Wen Wenhai now. There is no need for him to keep making irresponsible remarks. In that case, he will be the commander. Well, it depends on Wen Wenhai's reaction.

But Zhao Hai soon discovered that Wen Wenhai really did not disappoint him, and Wen Wenhai's reaction was not slow at all. Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about these things, Wen Wenhai had already made a move In response, countless giant beasts suddenly rushed out of the bloody battle fort and rushed towards the battlefield.

The size of these giant beasts is much larger than that of the Asura clan. When they attack, their power is naturally very amazing. The most important thing is that they are also very flexible, and ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples, at first glance When those giant beasts rushed over, they would immediately get out of the way. As soon as those giant beasts rushed over, those Asuras immediately suffered extensive damage.

Although those Asuras are also attacking these giant beasts, the effect is not very good, especially the giant beasts like the Stone Giant Alien. Their defense power is very amazing. Even if those Asuras attack those giant beasts, There was nothing they could do with their defenses. In an instant, countless large numbers were broken, and countless asuras were killed and trampled to death.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation below and couldn't help but reveal a smile. At this moment, he felt a powerful force pressing towards the battlefield. Zhao Hai's eyes flashed coldly and he looked up. Glancing in that direction, he saw a giant black hand slapping towards the battlefield.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but snorted coldly, then he pointed his fingers like swords and stabbed forward. Just between his stabs, a huge sword energy, with the killing power of heaven, came out of his hand. Shooting out, this sword energy was about a hundred feet long, all white, with an extremely sharp meaning, and at the same time with an extremely powerful murderous intent, it stabbed straight towards the giant hand.

I heard a "hiss!" sound, as if a sharp knife had cut through the cloth. The sword energy cut the giant hand from it, and the giant hand disappeared directly, but the sword energy was still moving toward It shot out from the front and hit a high mountain thousands of miles away. A shattering sound was heard. A large hole with a diameter of a hundred meters appeared on the high mountain. The entire mountain was penetrated. Then the sword The anger slowly disappeared.

Zhao Hai stood in the void and snorted coldly: "Your Excellency, it is best not to forget our agreement. Don't think that I, Zhao Hai, are afraid of you. You should know that with your strength, you cannot be my opponent. Don’t think that I don’t dare to kill those Asuras. To be honest, you are not worthy of being my opponent of the Blood Killing Sect. You are just a whetstone for my Blood Killing Sect disciples. Even you want to destroy me. Blood Killer Sect, stop dreaming. I will give you a chance, so that the Asura clan can use their own strength to have a fair fight with our Blood Killer Sect disciples. I will not interfere. That is already letting you go. Well, if you dare to mess around, then don’t blame me for being rude, I, Zhao Hai, will do what I say!”