c7331 war

Zhao Hai glanced at the trees below, with a smile on his face. These trees should also be specially transplanted to refine the power of this space. They are all species related to Buddhism. The finest wood has grown in this space for who knows how many years. Because the pure land here is somewhat special, it can allow plants to grow. Therefore, these trees have long absorbed a lot of Buddha power and have a certain Buddha nature. Later, they will It is not because they were polluted by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. These trees are probably already possessed of Buddha nature, and transformed into demons by the natural Buddha nature in this space.

Now it's okay, he has cleared all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in these plants, and these plants can grow normally. As long as all the spaces are taken down, he can put these spaces together, and then Together they are refined into the Xuanwu Space. As long as they can be refined into the Xuanwu Space, this forest can be preserved, and the Blood Killing Sect will have endless Buddhist weapons to use in the future.

Buddhist utensils are different from ordinary magical utensils. Buddhist utensils are generally baptized by Buddhism all year round, and finally naturally produce Buddha nature. Only such magical utensils can be called Buddhist utensils, such as those used by ordinary Buddhist monks. , although they have also consecrated it and blessed it with Buddhist power, it is at most a magical instrument. Although they would also say it is a Buddhist instrument, it is very different from a natural Buddhist instrument. Let’s put it this way, they made it The Buddhist utensil is like a layer of gold on the outside of an iron rod, while the Tianse Buddhist utensil is like a real gold root. It is made of real gold from the inside to the outside. This difference But it's too big.

Buddhist utensils are very important to any monk. Even a demon monk can use Buddhist utensils, especially sky-colored Buddhist utensils, because natural Buddhist utensils are generally rarely offensive. Even if it is obtained by the Demon Sect cultivator, it will not have any attack power. It will only make people feel calm and calm, and will not give rise to distracting thoughts, which is very beneficial to practice. Of course, this does not mean that natural Buddhist artifacts are not offensive. Tianse Buddhist artifacts are also aggressive, and their attack power is very strong. As long as someone uses them, the offensive nature of natural Buddhist artifacts can be said to be the highest among all magical artifacts. Top notch existence.

If we really want to give an example of a natural Buddhist utensil, let’s say the same thing, that is, the willow branch in the jade vase held by the world-viewing master, that is a natural Buddhist utensil, and this forest can become a sky-colored Buddha. It just takes time. You can imagine how important this forest is to the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, a sudden cry of killing came to Zhao Hai's ears. Zhao Hai was slightly startled, then turned his head and looked in the direction of the shouting of killing, and found that the shouting of killing came from the four sides of the Blood Killing Sect base. Coming from the outside, he looked around and found that the Asuras who were originally surrounding their base were now attacking the Blood Killing Sect's base. Those Asuras were really weird. They were not afraid of the Five Elements Jue. The layer of five-element killing gray fog outside the killing formation rushed directly inside. What surprised Zhao Hai even more was that the gray fog was really useless to them.

This discovery made Zhao Hai slightly stunned, and then his face couldn't help but change. You must know that the Five Elements Ultimate Array is definitely one of the strongest formations in the Blood Killing Sect. If the Five Elements Ultimate Array cannot be used, then For the Blood Killing Sect, the blow was huge, and now those Asuras are really not afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation. This makes Zhao Hai not surprised.

Fortunately, their defensive formation has three layers. In addition to the gray mist of the Five Elements Killing Formation, there is also a protective array inside. It is the protective array that blocked the attacks of those Asuras, but those Asura is now attacking those shields. Those shields are also crumbling. It seems that they cannot last long.

Zhao Hai frowned and looked at the Asuras carefully. Each of those Asuras had blood-red eyes and open mouths. They were roaring non-stop. At the same time, their four arms were attacking non-stop. The Blood Killing Sect's protective shield, and the Blood Killing Sect's disciples were standing inside the protective shield, attacking those Asuras with the magic weapons in their hands.

However, Zhao Hai also noticed that the bodies of those Asuras seemed to be shrouded in a layer of black smoke. It was that layer of black smoke that blocked the gray fog attack of the Five Elements Killing Formation. It was also that layer of black smoke that blocked the attack. The attack of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was blocked, so although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are still attacking, the effect is not very good.

Looking at this situation, Zhao Hai's face couldn't help but become more solemn. He knew very well that although the black smoke looked very thin, it represented one meaning, that is, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws was finally fully exerted. Zhao Hai did not believe that these Asuras were so powerful in the first place, and he did not believe that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws could be so closely integrated with the Asuras. , it must be because they destroyed the four interfaces in front of them, so that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here in the Asura world has a certain degree of defense, and then they are so closely integrated with those Asuras, just to borrow their power. Let those Asuras deal with them. It can be said that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has begun to take action with all its strength.

Just when Zhao Hai was still paying attention to those Asuras, he suddenly heard a loud bang. He turned around and found an Asura with three heads and six arms, who had just hit the Blood Killing Sect's shield with all his strength. This caused the Blood Slaughter Sect's shield to shake for a while, and that Asura couldn't hold any weapons in his hands. He was just hitting the shield with his back.

The three-headed and six-armed Asura was about twenty meters tall. His upper body was bare and he only wore a leather skirt on his lower body. He looked very strong. He took a few steps back and then quickly rushed forward. Then he hit the shield again, heard a bang, and the shield made another loud noise.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, his face couldn't help but look a little ugly. He couldn't help but snorted coldly: "You really don't know how to live or die." After saying that, Zhao Hai formed a seal with his hands and shouted: "Lin." Followed. As soon as he heard his voice, the shadow of a person suddenly appeared in the base of the Blood Killing Sect. This person was an eleven-faced and eight-armed Buddha. After this eleven-sided and eight-armed Buddha appeared, he immediately waved his hand. , and attacked the Asura directly. The eleven-faced and eight-faced Buddha was a hundred meters high. Now his move was naturally extraordinary. He saw a big hand falling from the sky and slapped it there. A bang was heard on the three-headed and six-armed Asura, and the ground shook. But the Asura had disappeared, leaving only a demon-subduing pestle on the ground.

Zhao Hai then put away his Dharma Aspects and said to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect: "Attack them with war plants, quickly." Those disciples of the Blood Sect responded, and then they directly ordered their war plants to attack those Ah When Shura attacks, these war plants of the Blood Killing Sect are very powerful.

The war plants of the Blood Killing Sect are not only very tall, but also very powerful. What they use to attack the enemy are all their thick branches and leaves, which are very powerful. Use these war plants to deal with those Asuras. Sure enough, it had a very good effect. For a while, those Asuras could hardly pose any threat to the Blood Killing Sect's base.

But in the Asura World, the base of the Blood Killing Sect, the number of Blood Killing Sect disciples is not very large, and the number of Zhan Zhi is also not very large. Now they can hold their base, but if they want to expand, there is really nothing It's possible, those Asuras are extremely powerful. Even those war plants can't kill an Asura at once. They can only block Asura's attack, so it's really not a problem to expand. Easy things.

Zhao Hai was not in a hurry. He looked at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fighting against Asura and couldn't help but murmured: "It seems that Yan Lai's physical advantage is also a big advantage. Yes, it's very good." That’s right, the strength of these Asuras is really good, they have flexible movements, great strength, and strong defense, so they are really difficult to deal with.”

At this time, Chang Jun and the others also breathed a sigh of relief. To be honest, the attack of those Asuras really shocked them. They did not expect that the attacks of those Asuras would be so fierce, and they almost killed them. The shield was broken. If Zhao Hai hadn't taken action and killed the three-headed and six-armed Asura, I'm afraid the shield would have been broken by now.

This kind of situation is not common in the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect always thought that their shields were actually very safe, but they did not expect that those Asuras were not afraid at all, which surprised them. , and the defense and attack power of those Asuras gave them a great headache.

Zhao Hai also fell from the sky at this time. Chang Jun and Gu Yuanzheng immediately came to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at the two people and said: "These Asuras are very huge. At this point, Compared with us, we are at a great disadvantage. I tell my disciples that when facing these Asuras in the future, they must use their skills to support them, especially during this kind of defense. If you want to fight with Asuras here, I'm afraid it's impossible to fight in a large-scale battle formation. You should have seen that these Asuras don't have any battle formations at all, and they are huge. If we set up a battle formation to fight against them, not only will there be no Whatever advantage we have, it will turn out to be very disadvantageous. On the contrary, it is different with the use of martial arts blessing. At the very least, the martial arts blessing will increase our attack range and attack power, which in turn can help them. If you want to bring more damage, inform Wenhai and the others of my words and ask them to come to the base as soon as possible. Also, I really doubt now whether you guys have new abilities and use some old abilities. Forgot? Where’s the metal wall battle formation? Take it out and use it? It’s not like you can’t use the metal wall battle formation within the power of our laws, so there’s nothing to be afraid of.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Chang Jun and the others couldn't help but be stunned, and then they couldn't help but pat their heads. Just like Zhao Hai said, now they are under the power of their Blood Killing Sect's laws. Their magic circle ability can be used here, so why don't they use their own external incarnation, why don't they use the metal wall battle array? That way they can advance and attack, retreat and defend.