c7336 method one)

Zhao Hai's voice didn't seem loud, and his tone didn't have a hint of murderous intent. It was just so plain, but this incomparable tone made everyone feel that from the heart out. I was chilling because he seemed to be telling a fact, and his voice, although not loud, seemed to be heard by the whole world. His voice completely drowned out the tears on the battlefield. The sound of killing, all the people and movements that were killing, all stopped there. Everyone's movements seemed to be frozen. No one made a sound, no one moved, and they even forgot to breathe. It wasn't until Zhao Hai's words fell that everyone started to move again. biquli biquli

But they did not continue to fight, but looked around blankly. They didn't know if they had hallucinations before, but then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect became excited. Of course they would not think that this was Hallucination, they knew that this was Zhao Hai talking, and the content of Zhao Hai's words made them extremely excited, so their morale was shocked every one of them, even the giant beasts were the same, and they all looked up to the sky. Roaring, he attacked those Asuras.

Those Asuras naturally heard Zhao Hai's voice. They were also at a loss for a while, and then their expressions changed drastically. At this moment, the Blood Killing Sect's attack had arrived, and there was something that those Asuras couldn't deal with. Pay attention to the feeling of the enemy. It's because they can't or don't want to. They all retreat involuntarily.

At this time, a voice came: "Retreat!" The voice was so loud that everyone on the battlefield heard it. Then those Asuras all retreated quickly, while the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect They pursued them from behind, but they only pursued them for about a hundred miles before Zhao Hai asked them to stop.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and the giant beasts all retreated to their base, Zhao Hai just asked Wen Wenhai and the others to arrange for the disciples to rest, without setting up a defensive shield or making any rules. Wheel, but he sat quietly in the sky and began to chant with a calm expression.

As the sound of his chanting came out, countless Buddha lights fell in the sky. These Buddha lights finally fell on the trees outside the Blood Killing Sect base. From those trees and plants, clouds of black smoke immediately appeared. , Zhao Hai wants to turn more plants into Buddhist vessels.

At this moment, a black finger silently tapped Zhao Hai's back. It seemed that he wanted to sneak attack Zhao Hai while Zhao Hai was using Buddha's power. Zhao Hai was sitting In the sky, with his eyes slightly closed, it seemed as if he didn't see the finger at all.

But Wen Wenhai and the others saw it. When they saw that finger getting closer and closer to Zhao Hai, they couldn't help being shocked, and they were about to fly into the sky to help Zhao Hai block the finger. But at this moment, a The huge swastika Buddha seal suddenly appeared behind Zhao Hai. The swastika Buddha seal kept rotating and covered the finger. Then the finger disappeared directly behind the swastika. The word "Buddha Seal" disappeared.

This time, Zhao Hai had been transforming the plants below to the place where the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were chasing them out, and then stopped. He did not fight for more territory, and in this way, he told these people in the Asura world that they If you lose, you will have to pay the price, and he will not go too far. He will take the share he deserves little by little, and he will take the rest slowly in the future. This is what he wants Gotta tell those people.

After doing this, Zhao Hai turned his head and glanced behind him. He didn't say anything and still sat there quietly. The aura on his body even calmed down. If no one looked up, they wouldn't notice it at all. , there is still a person sitting in the sky, he seems to have disappeared into the world.

Wen Wenhai and the others were also having a meeting at this time. They had already told the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect about using mushrooms, dodder, and phantom beast insects to deal with those Asuras. Now that they were together, they wanted to discuss it. , how to deal with those Asuras better.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I think everyone knows what is going on in the Asura Realm. To be honest, I really didn't expect that the Asuras in the Asura Realm would have such methods. They destroyed our protective shield, and also destroyed our wheel of law, and even threatened the leader not to take action. All of this shows one problem, that is, they have been prepared to kill us. Zong has a certain understanding.”

Everyone nodded. They had also heard the previous conversation between the master of the Asura world and Zhao Hai. They all knew that the other party did have a certain understanding of Blood Killing, and this understanding was due to To be honest, the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan surprised them. They did not expect that the other party could really learn so much about the Blood Killing Sect from the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and continued: "I think everyone should know the fighting power of those Asuras. The reason why the boss asked us to use mushrooms, dodder, and fantasy beast insects to deal with Asuras is because of Asuras' There is a layer of black smoke shield on the body surface. Those shields should be formed by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. In other words, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has completely intervened in our battle with the Asura clan. We used mushrooms and other things to break the Asura clan's shield and caused them a lot of casualties. Coupled with the sudden attack of the giant beasts, the Asura clan suffered heavy casualties. So the master of the Asura clan wanted to He wanted to take action against us, but luckily he was defeated by the boss, but he must also have some scruples. The boss was worried about us. He was worried that we would become the targets of the enemy's protection. If that happened, the boss would I might not be able to take care of it, and our casualties will be huge."

At this point, Wen Wenhai paused for a moment, and then said: "That means, in the future, we still have to rely on us to fight against the Asura clan. For those masters that we can't deal with, the boss can help us deal with them, but those The masters we can deal with need to be dealt with by ourselves. If the leader is allowed to take action, then the masters of the Asura clan will also take action against us. Then our casualties will be too great. The leader will not do that. of."

Everyone nodded, they knew that Wen Wenhai was right, Zhao Hai would not take action easily, because Zhao Hai had said before that the opponent might have more than one master, so facing so many masters from the opponent, If Zhao Hai breaks the agreement first, then the other party will definitely attack with all their strength. By that time, their damage will definitely not be small, and this also illustrates a problem from the other side, that is, they have become a drag on Zhao Hai.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I know everyone is wondering whether we have become a burden to the leader once. I think so, but we can not become a burden to the leader, as long as we can defeat the Asura clan. , then those masters of the Asura clan may take action against us, and then the leader can deal with them one by one. Although we may have some casualties in this process, this is what we must do. , so now we are going to discuss how to defeat the Asura clan and how to save our lives from the attack of the Asura clan masters."

Everyone understood what Wen Wenhai meant. When Zhao Hai was fighting against the masters of the Asura clan, those masters might attack them and distract Zhao Hai. If they could really block the attacks of those people, then maybe they could Help Zhao Hai and let Zhao Hai take care of all those guys.

But it is not an easy thing to do this. Here, the rules have no use at all. It is not an easy thing for them to block the opponent's master's attack. How to do it? , this has become a big problem. You must know that their strength is far behind Zhao Hai and the masters of the Asura clan.

At this moment, an elder suddenly stood up and said to everyone: "Everyone, I heard something before. I wonder if it can give you some inspiration. Just when we entered Asura Here in the world, when being attacked by Asuras, the Sect Master suddenly appeared. After appearing, the Sect Master did not directly use his own power to clean up all the Asuras. He used another method, that is, using Kung Fu. The method of blessing was to make everyone use the bloody battle style. Then he used his eight bloody battle styles to merge with everyone's eight bloody battle styles to form a huge bloody battle. The eight bloody battle styles blessed the blood river with This river of blood easily wiped out those Asuras. I wonder if we can use this method to deal with those masters of the Asura world."

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned when they heard what he said. They had heard about this before, but they had never thought about it deeply. Now when they heard what the elder said, they thought that he It seems to make sense. This is indeed a method. Wen Wenhai looked at the elder, nodded with a smile on his face and said, "Elder Hu, continue."

The elder's surname is Hu, and his name is Hu Changfeng. He is also a core elder, but he cares more about training, so he usually doesn't take care of things. He belongs to the kind of elder who has a very transcendent status but does not have any real power. But like Such elders have a very high status in the Blood Killing Sect. They seem to have no real power and don't care about anything. But at the same time, they can also care about everything because their status is there. If he really spoke, the people below would have to obey orders, otherwise they would be guilty of serious crimes, so the status of elders like them is actually very high.

Hu Changfeng responded, and then said: "When we were in the Blood Sea Realm before, every sect had a sect-suppressing treasure. Those sect-suppressing treasures could concentrate everyone's power and use it. It is used to fight against enemies who are stronger than them, and the effect is very good. I think we can also use this method. However, our Blood Killing Sect does not have such magical weapons, but we do have techniques. I think we can try it. All of a sudden, the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles are regarded as such a sect-suppressing treasure."