c7338 Not urgent

Cang Ming looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Now that we are underground, although we cannot use magic circles, we Zerg have other means to build bases underground and plant some war plants. As long as we We can build the underground into a fortress, so no matter what happens on the ground, we can respond in the shortest possible time. What do you think?"

Wen Wenhai spoke first: "It's a good idea, but how long will it take you to build the underground base? It's best to do it as quickly as possible, and the sooner the better, and it's best not to let the enemy discover it, otherwise the underground base will be destroyed. It's useless. The enemy seems to know our Blood Killing Sect very well. They know that we have fought against the Earthly Yaksha in the Yaksha Realm. They should know that we have an underground legion. They will definitely find a way to guard against it. This is also a problem for us."

Cang Ming nodded and said: "Yes, this is indeed a big problem, but I think it is not a problem. Even if they can see the situation underground, they will not see too far. We can The underground base is built a little further down, and the coordination is mainly carried out by those combat plants. In this way, our base will be more secretive and difficult to be discovered. Secondly, even if the enemy discovers us, they want to To attack us, our base is built very deep. It is not easy for them to break through our base. As long as we can block their attack, we can withdraw safely. You What do you think?"

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "It's done. I think this method is very good. What do you think?" Wen Wenhai felt that Cang Ming's method was really good. They must make good use of it underground. There is nothing to be ashamed of in building a base. Zhao Hai has done this before and there is no shame in it at all.

Everyone else nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Okay, that's it, Cang Ming, you guys take action immediately to complete our plan in the shortest possible time. How to do it specifically, I'm I won’t care about it, but you must do it and build an underground base for me as soon as possible so that it can handle us.”

Cang Ming responded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Okay, that's it, everyone goes back to have a rest, and let all the disciples practice how to use their own skills to fight. This For us, it is very important.”

Everyone responded in unison, and then turned and left. Wen Wenhai and the others also went to work. They knew that there were many things they had to do now, and they had to make some preparations. Like they The current base here needs a large number of war plants to protect it. Before, they did not have enough war plants. Now they must transfer planters from Xuanwu Space to plant a large number of war plants.

Zhao Hai naturally knew the content of their meeting. Hearing the content of their meeting, Zhao Hai was really happy. These elders of the Blood Killing Sect have all grown up now, each with their own specialties. They all gather together. The solution that was discussed was no worse than what he had come up with. This was definitely good news for him.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but turn his head and glance at other places in the Asura world, then he took a long breath and murmured: "What are you going to do to fight us with such a blood-killing sect?" Zhao Hai said this His voice was very low and no one could hear it, but these words were his heartfelt emotion.

Speaking of which, the Asura Realm is really weird. The brightness of the interface here is much brighter than that of the Yasha Realm. You can hardly see black smoke or black fog here, just like here There is no shadow clan's power of law at all, but Zhao Hai is very clear that all this is just an illusion. It is not that there is no shadow clan's power of law here, but that the shadow clan's power of law has been compared with All the creatures here are integrated together, so you can't see the power of the Shadow Clan's laws outside, but it doesn't mean there is none.

And the more this happens, the more difficult it is to deal with it. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is integrated with the creatures here, which will only make the creatures here very powerful. Whether they are plants or those Asuras, they will be very powerful. They are very powerful and very difficult to deal with. Under such circumstances, it will not be easy for them to take down the Asura World.

Those masters in the Asura world are even more difficult to deal with. Zhao Hai can be sure that those masters must be more closely integrated with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Facing such masters is tantamount to directly confronting them. With the power of Shadow Clan's laws, it is naturally more difficult to deal with.

He is confident that he can defeat those Asura masters, but the problem is that when he defeats those Asura masters, he does not have the confidence to send all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect back to the Xuanwu space quietly, although he can use space It can be done, but if he really does that, then the space will be exposed, and the loss will be too great for him.

Space has always been his biggest secret. The Blood Killing Sect can develop to this day only because of the existence of space. Because of the existence of space, the Blood Killing Sect will have endless resources. If the space is exposed, then It might arouse the covetousness of others. In that case, it would definitely not be a good thing for him.

Zhao Hai is very clear that Wanshan Realm is not the final interface. He may encounter more powerful enemies. It is even possible that enemies are paying attention to their every move. Of course, they may also be watching their actions. They are not their enemies, but regardless of whether the other party is well-intentioned or malicious, once the other party knows that he has such a space in his hands, it will be too dangerous for him.

Where is the most coveted place in space? Of course, it is the endless resources. As long as you get a small amount of material and put it in space, countless similar materials will be generated. This is a fatal attraction for any monk. of.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai will never allow the space to be discovered by others, so he cannot use the space. But in this case, the problem arises. If he does not use space, then he has no way to guarantee the safety of all the Blood Killing Sect disciples in the Asura World. If the losses of the Blood Killing Sect disciples are too great, then for the Blood Killing Sect disciples, there will be no way to ensure the safety. The morale of the Blood Killing Sect was a huge blow. Some of the Blood Killing Sect disciples might even have doubts about his strength, which would be even more detrimental to the Blood Killing Sect. And Zhao Hai had this headache all the time, so he He didn't dare to turn against the masters in the Asura Realm directly. Although what he said before was very arrogant, he was very clear that he was trying to scare the people in the Asura Realm with those words. Although he could also do it, But it is impossible for the Blood Killing Sect to do it without paying any price.

If magic formations could be used in the Asura Realm, then none of the previous problems would be a problem. But unfortunately, magic formations cannot be used in the Asura Realm, so those problems would become big problems. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cannot gather together to form a large magic circle, cannot summon energy beasts, and cannot use the teleportation array on their bodies. In this way, they cannot leave the battlefield quickly. This is very difficult for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Say, it’s really not a good thing.

Now Wen Wenhai and the others have come up with these two methods. Although neither of these methods will be effective immediately, at least they have thought of this method. This is indeed an improvement, and these two methods, in Zhao Hai It seems that it is actually very feasible. Although it will take a while, Zhao Hai is not in a hurry. They are guarding their current territory now. Even if the enemy comes to attack, they can deal with it. When will they put these two together? This method has been used very skillfully. They are attacking. By that time, the Asura clan will probably not be their opponent.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. The Blood Killing Sect has indeed made progress, not only in terms of strength, but also in thinking. They can now solve most of the problems. Even if they face people who are stronger than them, they will come up with various ways to deal with those people, and finally let themselves win, which is very rare.

And this is exactly what Zhao Hai has always wanted the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to do. He founded the Blood Killing Sect and he has been controlling it, but the Blood Killing Sect is not his only Blood Killing Sect, because the Blood Killing Sect is not his alone. Zong Qiang is not the only one who has benefited. If he really treats Wen Wenhai and others as slaves, then naturally there is nothing to say. Whether Wen Wenhai and others can solve the problem, for him It doesn't matter, their life or death is nothing important to him, he doesn't care at all.

But Zhao Hai doesn't think so. In Zhao Hai's opinion, these disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all his subordinates and disciples. If possible, he really wants to take all of them with him. Changsheng, that's why he did this. He hoped that Wen Wenhai and the others could become more powerful. He hoped that Wen Wenhai and the others could solve some things on their own, so that even if something went wrong in the future, they would be able to cope with it.

So Zhao Hai is no longer in a hurry now. He can wait slowly until the Blood Killing Sect resolves these two matters, and then it will be time for him and the Blood Killing Sect to work together. By then, they will definitely be able to They have this confidence in taking over the Asura World. Even the Asuras here are very powerful. Asuras are powerful, but none of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are weak. In comparison, He has more confidence in the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

There is another thing that Zhao Hai is very interested in, which is the method used by the Asuras in the Asura World. They can actually integrate the power of the laws of space into their own bodies. This method has never been used by Zhao Hai before. He had never heard of it, so he was very curious. He wanted to see if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could also achieve this level. If the disciples of the Sedan Killing Sect could also do it, what would it mean for them? For the Blood Slaughter Sect, this is definitely good news.