c7330 Variety

As soon as the spherical magic circle was released, it was immediately activated by Elder Tang. As the magic circle was activated, another white light rose into the sky, and then the power of the Blood Killing Sect's laws immediately expanded outward, and The Asuras also saw this, their faces changed slightly, and then they retreated straight back. The circle expanded until its diameter reached about 10,000 meters, and then stopped and turned into a white circle. The cover covered everyone in the Blood Killing Sect.

Although those Shura retreated very fast, they were still not as fast as those white lights, and they were also covered by the white light. At first, they were a little panicked, but soon they discovered that it seemed like this The white cover did not do much harm to them, which made them all relieved. Then they turned their attention to the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Then the leader Asura shouted and rushed straight in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. passed.

At this time, Elder Tang had already come to Zhao Hai, but his expression was not very good. He glanced at the Asuras who were rushing over, but did not pay attention. Instead, he said to Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, the ones here are here." The power of law suppresses us very powerfully. Originally, my spherical wheel of law could double the power of law outward, but now it only has a diameter of 10,000 meters. This It shows that the laws here suppress us very seriously, and we must be careful."

Zhao Hai nodded, glanced at the Asuras who rushed over, and said in a deep voice: "Do it with confidence and boldness, more Asuras will arrive soon. Before they come, you must build a We have a big enough base, let's take action." As he spoke, the Asuras had already rushed in front of the eight Buddha statues. Just when they were about to rush past the Buddha statues, a Buddha statue not far away from them finally took action. I saw the Buddha statue forming a mudra with both hands, and imprinting it directly on the ground. After this imprint, the ground fluctuated for a while, and then several huge soil thorns came out directly from the ground at a very fast speed. Quickly, I penetrated those Asuras in one go.

Those asuras did not expect that the Buddha statue would attack them, nor did they expect that the Buddha statue would attack them in such a way. Therefore, they were directly stabbed to death by the earth thorn without being able to defend themselves. After they were stabbed to death, they immediately turned into black smoke, and ten demon-conquering pestles fell out of their bodies.

Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the ten demon-subduing pestles came to him. He recited the scriptures in a low voice, and then the Buddha's light flashed, and the ten demon-subduing pestles also turned into dark gold. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand. With a wave, the eight Buddha statues disappeared and turned into eight demon-subduing pestles. Then Zhao Hai printed a magic circle in his hand, and then the eighteen demon-subduing pestles flew out directly and landed on the eighteen bases. The position turned into eighteen Buddha statues standing there.

But these eighteen Buddha statues are different from the previous Buddha statues. These eighteen Buddha statues have different shapes. Some are sitting on sacred deers, some are holding an alms bowl in their hands, and some are holding a pagoda. , like laughing, and some like thinking, with different shapes and very vivid.

These eighteen Arhat statues stood there motionless, looking like real statues, but an extremely powerful aura came out of them. Anyone who saw these statues would not be surprised. Dare to underestimate him, this is exactly the array that Zhao Hai has newly arranged, the Eighteen Arhats Protector Array.

While Zhao Hai was doing these things, Elder Tang and the others were not idle either. They believed in Zhao Hai. In their opinion, it was really easy for Zhao Hai to deal with those Asuras, without the need for Buddha at all. Many things could be dealt with directly by those Asuras, so they didn't care about those Asuras and were busy with their own affairs.

Spherical arrays were released one by one, and a larger teleportation array appeared in the base. Then groups of Blood Killing Sect monks appeared in the teleportation array. After they appeared, they immediately took out more There are many spherical arrays, more of which are the Wheel of Law array, and the base area of ​​the Blood Killing Sect is also expanding.

But when the area of ​​the Blood Killing Sect was expanded to a diameter of two hundred miles, it suddenly stopped and there was no way to expand outward. This surprised everyone in the Blood Killing Sect, and even Zhao Hai felt a little surprised. Surprised, he then paid attention to his surroundings and immediately understood what was going on. It turned out that a large number of Asuras had gathered around them. These Asuras had already arrived before, but they had never known about the bloody killing. What happened to the Sect, so they never dared to get close. When the Blood Killing Sect expanded, they were even retreating. In the process, the Asuras gathered more and more. Finally, the number of Asuras reached After reaching a certain level, it would be difficult for the Blood Killing Sect's law power to expand outward.

The Blood Killing Sect uses the magic circle to expand the power of their laws outwards, which is equivalent to compressing the living space of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. And the power of the law of the Shadow Clan will not just look at it, they will also fight back, and their way of counterattack is more special. The power of the law of the Shadow Clan concentrates its power into the bodies of those Asuras, and uses those Asuras to The energy emitted from the body blocks the path forward of the power of the Blood Killing Sect's laws. In other words, if the Blood Killing Sect wants to expand its territory, it must eliminate those Asuras.

Zhao Hai didn't understand this at first, but when he later discovered that those Asuras had a lot of power of the Shadow Clan's laws, he knew that it was the power of the Shadow Clan's laws that was knocking ghosts. This made His face looked a little ugly, and then he took a closer look around. He found that the places they occupied were not very safe, because there were many plants in the places they occupied, and those plants There is also the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in his body, but the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is very hidden. If he hadn't paid more attention just now, he really wouldn't have been able to find it.

The people of the Blood Killing Sect are not very defensive about plants, especially these non-aggressive plants, so they have not paid too much attention to these plants, and naturally they have not discovered these plants. There is the power of Shadow Clan's laws in his body.

After Zhao Hai discovered this, he was very impatient. This time, it seems that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws really put a lot of effort into dealing with them. Even the plants here have shadows in their bodies. Zhao Hai could imagine that when they were having a lively fight with those Asuras, suddenly a large amount of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws appeared in their base, and the magic circle in their base was completely destroyed. Everything was suppressed. What kind of situation would it be? Fortunately, it was discovered early, otherwise it would be really dangerous.

Zhao Hai took another look at the Asuras outside. Now there are some masters of the Asuras outside. These Asuras are all Asuras with three heads and six arms. Such Asuras are already regarded as one of the best in the Asura world. He is a master, only a little worse than those Asura kings.

Zhao Hai turned around and took a look. Chang Jun and Gu Yuanzheng, who had already arrived here, said: "You two are optimistic about those Asuras. Although our Five Elements Killing Formation has been set up now, those Asuras are not here either." Simple, they have a strong power of Shadow Clan law in their bodies. If they really try to force their way in, they will be in some trouble. If they really try to force their way in, don't be polite and attack with all your strength. I must now We need to clean up the plants in the base, otherwise there will be problems. By the way, let all the disciples who have war plants release the war plants."

Chang Jun and Gu Yuanzheng both responded and immediately went to give their orders. However, at this time, Zhao Hai moved and his body slowly flew up. He waited until he reached the top of the base. He paused for a moment, and then he sat cross-legged in the air, with his eyes slightly closed, his hands forming mudra, and then he began to chant sutras in a low voice. This time, the sutras he recited were the Heart Sutra. Now Zhao Hai has become more and more I like this scripture more and more.

As the scriptures were spoken, bursts of Buddha light emerged from his body, and then the Buddha light fell on the plants in the base. When illuminated by the Buddha light, masses of black gas began to emerge from the plants. , whether it is trees, grass, flowers or vines, all the plants have a mass of black gas coming out, the more the less, the more the black gas is, and the black gas is still changing after leaving the plant's body. The shape looked like a fierce ghost that was constantly struggling, but unfortunately, their struggle was useless, and in the end they were all slowly digested into the Buddha's light.

And those plants, after the black air disappeared, became more green, and even a trace of gold appeared on the leaves of some plants, and with the formation of the gold, those plants seemed to become It is more elegant. As soon as people get close to those plants, they will feel a very peaceful and peaceful feeling, which makes people unconsciously forget all the worries in their hearts.

When Zhao Hai stopped, the base of the Blood Killing Sect had completely changed. It was like a fairyland. In a green forest, the leaves of the trees were rimmed with gold, and the forest exuded a faint light. The fragrance, various small flowers dotted among them, coupled with the green grass, everything is so charming. In this forest, there is a small stream flowing through it. This small stream has just flowed into this forest. At that time, the color of the water was still a little dark, but after entering the woods, the color of the water slowly became clear. This area is like a painting, very beautiful.

The color of the plants here in the Blood Killing Sect is much more beautiful than the colors of the plants outside. Although the plants outside are also green, the green is not very green. The green outside seems to be covered by someone. It looks like a layer of gray, and there is a kind of black in the green. This black is still the kind of black with a dead gray color, which makes people feel very uncomfortable, especially when compared with the plants in the Blood Killing Sect base, the difference It's even bigger, just like a bowl of muddy water next to a bowl of clear water. The difference is very obvious.