c7334 weak

As soon as the Blood Killing Sect completed the formation change, they saw countless tall figures suddenly falling from the sky, jumping down from the tall trees, and rushing towards the Blood Killing Sect disciples, but what was waiting for them was Those war plants attacked mercilessly. There is not just one kind of war plant in the Blood Killing Sect. Trees, vines, and even some flowers can all become war plants. Hu Wei and the others have invented many war plants, and some of them are very powerful. He has various abilities, so he is very popular among the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Although those Shura are attacking the Blood Killing Sect disciples from the trees, those war plants themselves are much taller than the Blood Killing Sect disciples, and because they are plants, when they are mixed with other plants , It is really not an easy task for those in the Asura Realm to distinguish those plants that are war plants and those plants that are naturally generated in the Asura Realm during rapid movement.

Those Asuras were blocked by Zhan Zhi. Although most of them were blocked by Zhan Zhi, a few of them still fell into the Blood Killing Sect's formation. Now the Blood Killing Sect's formation is also blocked. There was no formation to speak of, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were ready. As soon as the Asuras fell into the formation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already pounced on them, and the two sides fought at one point.

There are also some Asuras who want to fall directly from the trees to the depths of the Blood Killing Sect's base to give the Blood Killing Sect a center to bloom. But unfortunately, the plants in the Blood Killing Sect's base have mutated. , although these plants seem to be innocuous, once those Asuras fall into some trees, they will feel uncomfortable, and they will want to jump down from the trees, so that they will naturally not Maybe they broke into the Blood Killing Sect.

The disciples within the Blood Killing Sect also completed the entire team in the shortest time. Some disciples did not need to join the battle immediately because there were too many people outside, so they all entered the Blood Killing Battle Fort to rest, while the remaining However, his disciples are ready to fight Asura at any time.

Zhao Hai's figure was floating in the air. He looked at the battle below. The strength of those Asuras was good, but they failed to gain the blessings of the Blood Killing Sect's Zhan Zhi and the skills of the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. Too cheap. The only thing that gives people a headache is the layer of black smoke on their bodies that can be used as a shield. That thing is really annoying. Without that thing, Asura would definitely be dead now. Son.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai suddenly thought of the mushrooms that Hu Wei and the others had made to specifically deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, as well as other dodders that could absorb the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and those phantom beast insects. Those phantom beast insects were originally developed to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

As soon as Zhao Hai thought of this, he immediately moved his mouth slightly and told Wen Wenhai his thoughts. Wen Wenhai was currently in a bloody battle fortress, paying attention to the battle situation outside, and suddenly received a message from Zhao Hai, He couldn't help but be stunned, and then he patted his head involuntarily. They actually forgot about these things. These things were created by them specifically to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, not just to deal with Yaksha. A clan, and now they have forgotten all this, which is really not what they should be.

As soon as he thought of this, Wen Wenhai immediately informed all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect about Zhao Hai's method through the internal communicator of the Blood Killing Battle Fort, letting all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know that they still have these things. Yes, they can use these things to deal with those Asuras.

The reason why the disciples who were still fighting outside were not notified was because there was no way to do so. If they were to inform directly, the Asura clan would know about it, and then they would be on guard and try to use this move to deal with them. It is not an easy task for them.

As for the internal notification in the Blood Killing Battle Fort, the Asura clan will not know that the disciples in the Blood Killing Battle Castle will still have to go outside to fight the Asura clan. Then they will naturally use This method is used to deal with the Asura clan. I believe that by then, if they suddenly use this method, they will definitely teach the Asura clan an unforgettable lesson.

Zhao Hai also noticed Wen Wenhai and the others' handling methods, and he couldn't help but smile. Wen Wenhai and the others are becoming more and more mature now, which is a good thing. Things like this time have already verified Zhao Hai's previous thoughts. The enemy has ways to prevent Zhao Hai from taking action. In this case, the performance of Wen Wenhai and the others is very important, and Zhao Hai delegated power to Wen Wenhai and the others early to cultivate their independent command capabilities, which is very important for them. For the Blood Killing Sect, this is definitely a good thing.

The fighting outside was still going on. After those Asuras discovered that it was difficult for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to cause any harm to them, they attacked more fiercely one by one. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also exerting their full strength. After all, When they faced off against the enemy in the past, they mostly fought in battle formations. At that time, it was really difficult to show the strength of each person, because if your strength was too strong at once, it would be detrimental to the entire battle. The formation of the formation is a kind of destruction, and this destruction will cause great damage to the entire battle formation, so they must limit their own strength to a certain extent to match the battle formation.

But this time it's different. This time their enemies are very powerful, and they don't need a formation. When they face the enemy, they may have several people facing the enemy together, which also requires a certain amount of admiration, but they can show their ability. With all their strength, they are like some disciples who have developed the blessings of their own skills. They can now fully use their own skills and blessings to increase their attack power.

When they use all their strength, it also allows them to have more understanding of their own skills, know some of the advantages and disadvantages of their own skills, and even notice their own skills. There are some aspects of the Fa that they had not noticed before, which are very important to them.

Developing your strength without any reservation is like letting a machine run at maximum power. In this way, some tiny flaws in the machine will be magnified and can be easily discovered. This is also an opportunity for progress for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Of course, when such an opportunity comes to fight, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have no way to think about it. They will only feel that there is something awkward in some places. Only when they summarize it afterwards, they can Really find out some of your own shortcomings and then correct them.

The two sides were constantly entangled outside the Blood Killing Sect's base. The Blood Killing Sect's base was very large, and their outer area was not small, but it was actually only that big. The Blood Killing Sect's disciples were blocking it, and those Asuras were blocking it. There is no way to get in. In fact, both sides have no way to fully deploy their troops. This is inevitable.

This is what war is like. In a battle that is not mainly about long-range attacks, if you want to devote all your troops to attack the enemy, you can only talk about it, because there are only so many formations you can develop. There are only so many people who can directly participate in the battle. He will completely block the attack angle of the people behind him. Only if he falls, the people behind him will make up for it. There is no way around it.

Those Asiushu are very strong, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not weak either. Perhaps due to the suppression of the power of the law, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cannot use all their power, but they have the blessing of skills. With the blessing of skills, even if they can't defeat Asura, there is no problem in entangling Asura, not to mention that they may have several people to deal with one Asura, plus there are those war plants on the side. help.

Speaking of which, the blood-killing sect disciples' damage to those Asuras was far less severe than the damage done to the Asuras by the war plants. The bodies of those war plants were very huge and their strength was very strong. Their attack on the Asuras The damage was very huge. Those Asuras could block the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, but they were really not used to the pure power attacks of those Zhan Zhi.

Although Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the battle below, he has actually been guarding against the opponent's masters. The opponent's masters are not weak in strength. If the opponent's masters suddenly take action, it will be a big blow to the Blood Killing Sect. , but it may not be a good thing, so he must be a little more careful about the other party, so that he will not believe that the other party will completely abide by their agreement. If he really believes it, he will be a fool.

Now that he saw Youfang fighting, Zhao Hai felt relieved. These guys in the Asura world had made a lot of preparations to deal with the Blood Killing Sect. They thought they would use all the things that were beneficial to the Blood Killing Sect. , suppressed them all and prevented the Blood Killing Sect from using them, then the Blood Killing Sect would be easily wiped out by them. However, they did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect had also been prepared for a long time. Their previous preparations actually came true here. It worked, which no one expected.

But no matter what, they blocked the enemy's attack, and the enemy did not expect that they could block their attack, so they were somewhat unprepared. In this way, the two sides could truly stand in a stalemate here, which in itself was already the result of the Blood Killing Sect. A kind of victory. Now Zhao Hai just has to wait. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect take turns and reveal all the mushrooms, dodder and those magical beasts and insects, he doesn't know what kind of reaction the other party will have.

The two sides have been fighting for more than an hour, and the momentum of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has become a little weak, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must attack with all their strength, and some disciples must use Kung Fu blessings, although this will make their attack power become weaker. More powerful, but at the same time, the consumption will be greater. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect absorb spiritual energy very quickly, in this space, their external incarnations are almost useless, and they cannot pass through the external body. The incarnation of the yin and yang thunder pool absorbs energy, so the speed of energy replenishment will also be slower. In this case, their consumption is too great, and the replenishment cannot keep up with the consumption. When the spiritual energy in their bodies becomes less, Their momentum naturally dropped.