c7347 Nephrite Vine

Wen Wenhai sat in the hall, looked at the other core elders, and said in a deep voice: "I think everyone knows about the recent attack of the Asura clan. I wonder what everyone thinks?" Although Wen Wenhai had already guessed Asura. He left this opportunity to others. This is what a superior person should do. There is no need for a superior person to take all the skills into his own hands.

Gu Yuanzheng said directly: "I don't have any ideas. It is clear that the attack was carried out by the Asura clan because they wanted to study mushrooms and dodder. I have also seen their attacks. As soon as they encounter mushrooms and dodder, they will immediately Retreat, and then change a group of people to attack. The result of the attack is still the same. As soon as they encounter mushrooms and dodders, they retreat immediately. This is clearly aimed at the mushrooms and dodders. It seems that they want to find them. I wanted to find a way to deal with the mushroom dodder, so I launched this attack."

The others all nodded. They were not fools. They had already thought of this result from the actions of the Asura clan. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, nodded and said, "I think so too, but how do you think we should respond?"

Baiyan said: "I think there is no need to be overly reactionary. We have long been mentally prepared for the Asura clan's actions. Our recent training has been on how to do it without using mushrooms and dodder." Next, break the enemy's black smoke shield, I think this is enough, there is no need to make any preparations."

Jiang Shenglin said: "Our mushrooms and dodders are actually very good now. Improving does not happen overnight. We have already made preparations, so there is no need to take it too seriously. We can't do it just because of the enemy's actions." , we have to follow suit. I don’t think that is necessary at all. We will go at our own pace. When Elder Hu and others are ready, wait until Lingzhi Hall delivers the vines we need, and then we can We will attack the Asura clan directly, there is really no need to pay too much attention to this."

Everyone else also nodded, agreeing with what they said. Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "Yes, if we move immediately as soon as the enemy makes any move, it would be too passive, and it would be equivalent to being beaten by the enemy. If we are led by the nose, we will do what we want. As long as we are strong enough, we don’t have to worry about what the enemy will do."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "If everyone has this opinion, then it is settled that we will ignore the Asura clan's attack for now, train the disciples, and wait for Elder Hu and Ling The news from the church plant is what we should do now." Everyone responded.

Wen Wenhai continued: "Just in time, I have a piece of news to tell you. A batch of vines has been sent to Lingzhi Hall. We can prepare some disciples. Not many, that is, one billion people. I will let them know in a moment. The people sent it down and told the disciples that when they got these vines, they should not rush to refine them first, but input energy into the vines so that the vines can grow quickly. In this way, they were also helping the spirits. Planting a church to propagate this kind of vine will greatly increase the vine's propagation speed, and then all our disciples will be equipped with this kind of vine faster."

Everyone nodded, Chang Jun said with a smile: "Okay, as soon as possible, the sooner the better, we all can't wait, by the way, we have to carry this kind of vines there, we can't just hang them directly on our bodies. ?" They all wore the blood-killing sect's standard clothes, and they didn't carry too many things with them. If they suddenly had a vine hanging on their bodies, it would look weird.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "No, this kind of vine is called nephrite vine. It looks like it is made of jade. It is very beautiful. So what I mean is that you can use this thing as a belt. What do you think of each person wearing a jasper belt tied to their own bodies?"

Hearing what Wen Wenhai said, Chang Jun and the others couldn't help but nodded. If everyone really had an extra jade belt, it would look really good, but the blood is a bit too bright. Son, the clothes of the Blood Killer Sect are all red. If paired with a jasper-like belt, it would be red and green. This seems too bright and looks a bit weird.

But they are all monks, and monks can dress up in all kinds of ways. Even if their fighting style is a little more flashy, it is nothing special, and no one will care about it. After all, in the world of cultivation, there are people who dress weirder than them. , I don’t know how many there are, so no one will laugh at them. As for those Asuras, they would not even laugh at them, because those Asuras are not human beings at all, so how can they laugh at them.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "Okay, it's settled then. We'll have people send out those vines in a while. Okay, everyone, go back. Remember, these days of training must not be done." Stop." Everyone responded, stood up, and turned around to leave.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai asked Lingzhi Hall to send people to spread the vines. This was the first time Wen Wenhai saw this vine. This vine was really weird. It had no twigs or leaves. , looks very soft, like a green belt, but its color is very weird, it is dark green, and it seems to be translucent, as if it is made of jade, very pretty.

Looking at this kind of vine, Wen Wenhai really didn't know what to say. This kind of vine really didn't look like a plant, and it didn't seem to be strong enough. In addition to being used as a belt, it seemed to be really It can't do anything else. Of course, now it has another function that can be used to create magic arrays.

The person who came to Lingzhi Hall this time was not Hu Wei. Hu Wei was the leader. There were still many things to do. The person who came was a disciple of Lingzhi Hall. He held a vine and explained to Wen Wenhai. : "Elder Wen, after the vines form a magic circle inside, they will show up on the outer skin, and corresponding patterns will appear on the outer skin. You see, it looks like this." He pointed to himself as he spoke There were several patterns on the vines tied around his waist. The patterns looked very complicated and very beautiful. When Wen Wenhai took a closer look, he found that the patterns turned out to be deformed magic circles.

Then the disciple pointed to the vine and said: "There are actually some small hairs on this vine. These hairs are very fine and will not sting the hands, but they can stick to clothes, so like us, we put them on There is absolutely no problem in using it as a belt." As he spoke, the disciple pointed at the vines and touched the vines with his hand, but Wen Wenhai did not see any fine hairs, but when Wen Wenhai After touching the vines with my hands, I found that there was indeed a slight stinging sensation on the vines, but it was just a stinging sensation, but it did not make you feel any pain.

The disciple continued: "It all depends on you as to which magic circle you use in this vine. For a vine with a belt as long as this, twelve magic circles can be added to it, not a lot, but not a lot. You can even add it to the vine." The Wheel of Law array is added to it, but the more complex the array, the greater the difficulty, so it is recommended that you do not easily experiment with overly complex arrays. After all, this vine is different from our Buddha Metal. If the magic circle is wrong, there is no way to modify it, unless you abandon that section of vines, let it grow another section, and make it again."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Don't worry, it won't happen now. When there is a chance in the future, it won't be too late to test it slowly. Apart from these, is there anything else that needs attention?" Wen Wenhai is now concerned about this kind of situation. The vine became even more curious. He really wanted to know what kind of energy the vine had.

The disciple shook his head and said: "No, the biggest feature of this kind of vine is that it is very durable. If it is broken like this, if you cut both ends of it a little, and then reconnect it. When you input a trace of spiritual energy, it can grow into a circle immediately. When you want to use it, you can disconnect it at any time. It also grows very fast. As long as you input spiritual energy, it will keep growing, and it can grow up to It is about 10,000 meters long, and it can continue to grow after being disconnected. As long as it has spiritual energy, it will continue to grow, but because it is not strong enough, it has been left there without anyone using it."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, make these points that need attention, as well as the methods of use, all made into projections, and put them into the real illusion. Let all disciples know the characteristics of this vine, so that They can use it as soon as possible, go ahead and tell Hall Master Hu that this matter must be done as soon as possible."

The disciple smiled and said: "Elder Wen, we are ready. The projection has been placed in the real illusion. Now you can study in the real illusion. Please don't worry." Although he is a member of Lingzhi Hall Disciple, but also a very favored disciple, his status in Lingzhi Hall is not low, and he has many opportunities to meet the elders, so when talking to Wen Wenhai, he does not feel any restraint.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Yes, it seems that Hall Master Hu really cares about this matter. Okay, after you send down the vines, go back. There are a lot of things going on in the sect recently, and you are also busy there, so go ahead. "The disciple responded, bowed to Wen Wenhai, then turned and left.

After the disciple left, Wen Wenhai glanced at the vine in his hand, then casually wrapped the vine around his waist, measured the appropriate length, cut off new stubbles at both ends, and then connected Together, as soon as the spiritual energy was input into it, they grew together and turned into a circle as expected. This made Wen Wenhai very satisfied. He was a core elder. Naturally, he did not have to let this kind of vine grow for others like ordinary disciples. Now, he had a lot of things to deal with, but he didn't have time to waste on this matter. However, he carved several magic circles into the vines, one of which was the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool, the other was the Natural Energy Magic Circle, and One of them is an energy beast array.