c7346 notify

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "We have thought about this problem a long time ago, and we have also conducted research with Elder Hu. They have a subspecies of Babel Vine there, which was a failed product of their previous experiments. They thought it It was of no use, so I kept it and didn't use it. But that kind of thing actually has a lot of uses. One of the biggest uses is that it is very durable and reproduces very quickly. The most important thing is that there are a lot of fibers in that thing, which can be controlled at will with mental power, and can be turned into any shape. In other words, as long as we get the vines of Yi Forging, we can In the vines, we made a magic circle. As long as we input a little spiritual energy into it, it can be saved. Then we can use this magic circle. As long as we use this magic circle to summon the energy beast, When combined with our fantasy beasts, there will be no problems. We have already conducted the last test with that kind of plant before, and it was very successful. Now Elder Hu and the others are propagating that kind of vine in large quantities. I believe that soon everyone will Even a disciple can use that vine, so you don’t have to worry at all.”

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what Yu Ming said, he took a deep breath, and then said happily: "Okay, great, this is what we need most now, Lao Wen, you can get this right away." We must get it out as soon as possible, and can we let this kind of thing survive on its own without us providing energy? Is that okay?"

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Of course, as long as you add an extra natural energy array to it when using this vine, this is not a big deal at all for us disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , you can rest assured, but it will take some time to prepare enough vines for all the disciples of the sect, after all, there are too many."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Don't be anxious, you can do it slowly. We are not planning to attack during this period, so you don't have to be anxious. Just do it slowly. There will be no problem." Wen Wenhai is indeed not in a hurry. Now Hu Changfeng's research there has not been completed yet. Before they complete it, they will not attack the Asura clan, so they naturally have time to wait, so he said this to Wen Yuming.

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "That's good. I have asked Elder Hu and the others to do their best to propagate the vines. As soon as they finish propagating them, they will send the vines down immediately, and at the same time, they will teach everyone how to do it in the real illusion. I believe it can be done soon, because the growth speed of that vine is very amazing."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Don't be anxious, you have worked hard during this period. In fact, here in the Asura World, if we use the Wheel of Law, we can use the magic circle, but the masters here in the Asura World are We will not agree. Before Lao Hu and the others complete their research, if we fight against the masters of the Asura world, we will suffer great losses. Therefore, we have not wanted to fight them now, and this wheel of law cannot be used. Well, for this, even the boss doesn’t have a good solution. There are many masters in the Asura world. This is the only way it can be now, so don’t put too much pressure on you."

Wen Yuming shook his head, then sighed softly and said: "To be honest, we are really ashamed this time. We should have thought of this situation a long time ago, but unfortunately, we have never noticed this problem. Now Almost all the magic circles in our Blood Killing Sect have been deactivated. This is all our fault. Even if the sect master does not blame us, we ourselves will not forgive ourselves. This time we encountered the Asura clan. We can still do it. Cope, what if the race we encounter next is stronger than the Asura clan, and no one can protect us except the sect leader. If we don’t use the magic circle, we can’t defeat the opponent, what should we do? Is it the only way to deal with it? Huddled in the Xuanwu space, watching the sect master fight with those people? Then it would be better for us people to wipe our own necks, so we must find a way to solve this matter, otherwise we will not feel at ease."

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Wen Wenhai really didn't know how to persuade them. In fact, he had no way to persuade them. If they really encountered a powerful enemy like what Wen Yu Ming said, what if they If they can't use the magic circle, they are no match for them at all, but because of the limitations of the power of the law, they can't use the magic circle. So what can they do in the end? I'm afraid they can only hide in the Xuanwu Space and watch Zhao Hai fight with those people. If it really comes to that point, then everyone in their Blood Killing Sect will be embarrassed to see anyone, not only because they are famous. , even they are the same.

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a long breath, and then said: "You are right, this is indeed a big problem. I don't care about you anymore. You have to be careful and tell us directly what kind of cooperation is needed. He said that we will cooperate fully and resolve this matter as soon as possible, and this kind of thing will never happen again in the future."

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Yes, it is for this reason that we have been studying this issue. This matter is very important to us, so I am really You don’t have much time, if anything happens, just send someone to notify me, and I’ll leave.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and sent Wen Yuming out of the room. Watching Wen Yuming leave, Wen Wenhai called Chang Jun, Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan to his room and told him what Wen Yuming had told him. , and told a few people. When they heard Wen Wenhai's words, they were all stunned for a moment, and then they were all surprised. Then Chang Jun said with some surprise: "So it can be like this, that's really true That’s great. This way we won’t suffer even more disadvantages when we face the Asura clan in the future. Okay, great.”

Gu Yuanzheng and the others were also very happy. They really didn't expect that they could come up with such a method in such a short period of time after being famous. This is definitely good news for them. They are even more confident in taking care of the Asura clan.

Wen Wenhai looked at a few people and said with a smile: "I'm telling you this, actually, to make you more confident. Don't be anxious. The accumulation of our Blood Killing Sect over the years is no joke. We need to clean it up." The Asura clan is actually not too difficult, but we need to solve these things once and for all, so everyone can’t be anxious."

Chang Jun smiled and said: "We are not in a hurry, we are just very surprised. What they have done over the years, Lao Wen, is really beautiful. To be honest, I did not expect that Lao Wen and the others can achieve such a level." , Okay, I won’t say anything else, just wait for Lao Wen and the others to finish it, and wait for Lao Hu and the others to finish it, then we can confidently and boldly deal with the Asura clan." Chang Jun is even more excited now. Now that he is confident, he believes that they can take care of the Asura clan.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, after I go back, I will also inform everyone so that everyone can be mentally prepared. Don't let Hu Wei and the others prepare the vines, but everyone still doesn't know what they are. , what’s going on, it’s going to be lively, let’s go.” Several people responded, then turned and left.

Later, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect learned about this matter. When they heard that there was such a thing, everyone was very excited, especially those disciples who did not know how to use the skills and blessings. They were even more excited. They did not know how to use the skills and blessings before. When they faced off against the Asura clan, they were at a disadvantage in every aspect. They could only entangle the other party, and it was very difficult to kill them. But now that they have this method, they can fight against the Asura clan in the future. The clan had a good fight.

Just when everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was waiting for Hu Wei and the others to prepare the vines, and Hu Changfeng had studied the techniques to strengthen the combined attack, the Asura clan actually attacked the Blood Killing Sect's territory first. What no one expected was that their territory had now become a war plant fortress, and it would not be easy for the Asura clan to attack them.

But the people of the Asura clan attacked. Although this attack was repelled by the war plants without even seeing the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the Asura clan attacked at this time. This surprised the people of the Blood Killing Sect. They couldn't understand what the Asura clan wanted to do.

After Wen Wenhai learned that the Asura clan was attacking here, he did not immediately organize people to fight back. Instead, he sent people to observe in secret to see what the purpose of the Asura clan's attack was. Is it just a tentative attack? Preparing for multiple attacks made Wen Wenhai very curious.

Soon Wen Wenhai received the news that the Asura clan was not a tentative attack. They attacked several times, each time attacking a little, and then quickly retreated. When they retreated, they must have There are some asuras who have mushrooms growing on their bodies or are entangled in dodder. As soon as this happens, they will retreat, otherwise they will keep attacking.

In order to deal with the Asura clan, the Blood Killing Sect also left a lot of mushrooms and dodder in the woods. It was just to deal with the Asura clan. As soon as the Asura clan entered their war plant fortress, they would be killed by the mushrooms. When attacking with Cuscuta, the black smoke shield on them will slowly disappear. This is a way to deal with the Asura clan.

But now the actions of the Asura clan are a bit weird. Their actions don't seem like an attack, but they seem to be deliberately provoking those mushrooms and dodders. And Wen Wenhai quickly figured out that the Asura clan might have attacked them just to provoke those mushrooms and dodders.

If the Asura clan wants to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, mushrooms and dodder are two mountains that they cannot bypass. With these two mountains, their strength will be greatly restricted, so the Asura clan must understand What is the matter with mushrooms and dodder, what are their uses, and what methods can be used to deal with them. Only by finding a way to restrain mushrooms and dodder can they deal with the Blood Killing Sect with confidence.