c7343 Attacking

After listening to Wen Wenhai's words, Shun Li smiled slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Although our alien race progresses by absorbing more powerful genes, this is not the only reason, there is another important reason, that It is fighting, and continuous progress in fighting. This is why we are called a race born for fighting. Even if we cannot absorb their genes, so what, the current foundation of our alien family, in fact, It is already very thick. We have absorbed the genes of countless races and we have been evolving. Although on the surface, it seems that we have not evolved much. It was not until the time of the Yasha clan that we entered the sky and took out our wings and evolved. We have emerged from the human form, but our inner being has always been evolving. However, there were some evolutions. Soon after the evolution, it was obvious that it could no longer keep up with the changes in the outside world. But it is different now. The Yaksha clan remains. The genes that came down are actually very powerful. They are a summation of our previous genes, but we have not stimulated all the power of this gene. Only through fighting can we stimulate all this power. , so that it is not just a potential, but becomes our real power. I believe that as long as we can completely turn this power into our own, then our alien family will not be worse than anyone else. , it will not be worse than the Asura clan, I have this confidence."

When Chen Li said this, his eyes were shining, showing great confidence. Wen Wenhai was also shaken by what Chen Li said. He looked at Chen Li, and then patted Chen Li hard. Shoulder said: "I believe you alien clan can do it. You alien clan are the strongest swords under the leader. This sentence is not just for words. You really have such strength. You are different from those Asuras." , those Asuras can have such strength because the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is given to them, but you can practice it yourself. You have potential. As long as you stimulate your potential, then you will definitely be stronger than those The Asura clan is like the body cultivators among the monks. They also cultivate the body. However, the bodies of your alien clan are much stronger than those of the monks, so your potential is also endless. Work hard. , I believe you will succeed."

Shun Li nodded, and then said with a smile: "I also believe that we will succeed. I'm leaving." After saying that, he hugged his fists at Wen Wenhai, then turned around to leave, but Wen Wenhai said: "Don't forget to tell Cang Ming what you said today. They are the same as you."

Shun Li did not look back, just waved his hand, and then strode away. However, Wen Wenhai knew that Shun Li would definitely do this, and Wen Wenhai was also happy for Shun Li and the others. He had always felt that the alien The clan relies a little too much on genetic absorption, and now that Shu Li can figure it out, he is naturally very happy.

The next day, Wen Wenhai got the battle plan from the General Staff. Wen Wenhai read the battle plan. It didn't seem that there was much difference between this battle plan and the previous battle plan. Of course, here The difference is not big. It does not mean that the steps of action are not very different, but that the entire action process, or the attitude of the entire action, is not very different.

What is an attitude of action? It refers to what kind of attitude the Blood Killing Sect will use to attack the Asura clan during this operation. What it refers to here is the attitude of the action. As before, take it easy, move forward steadily, There will be no mistakes or omissions, and they will not give the enemy any chance. This is their attitude in action.

And this time their attitude towards action was also like this. Because of this, when Wen Wenhai saw this action plan, he felt very familiar, and after reading it, he also felt that this action plan was very It's pretty good, no problems.

Wen Wenhai then distributed this action plan to the core elders. The core elders immediately went to do their own things according to the plan. The entire Blood Killing Sect immediately started to move. They were making adjustments. According to This battle plan will be adjusted. As long as they adjust it, it will be time for them to attack.

The Blood Killing Sect has no shortage of supplies, and all the disciples are ready, so they only need to make a simple adjustment. Such an adjustment will not take long, and it only takes one day to make the adjustment. Okay, but they did not attack immediately, but waited another night. They would not attack the Asura clan at night, especially in this forest, because at night, the Asura clan occupied Not only is the location advantageous, but the power of Shadow Clan's laws is also most active at night, so they avoid it.

Early the next morning, the Blood Killing Sect started moving. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already ready, so they directly released the phantom beast insects. These phantom beast bugs also carried some spores and some combatants. After planting the seeds, these phantom beast insects roared directly into the woods outside.

The sky was just starting to light up at this time. It was really strange to say that the Blood Killing Sect had passed through these interfaces. Only in the Asura Realm could night and day be so distinct, even in the Yaksha Realm. , night and day have never been so distinct, but here in the Asura world, night and day are very distinct.

Although there is no sun here, it will be bright during the day and dark at night. Everything seems very similar to the outside world. This is really weird, but now they have no time to delve into this issue. Everyone is paying attention. Put all your strength into dealing with the Asura clan.

After those phantom beast insects entered the woods, bursts of frightened and angry shouts immediately came from the woods. Once they heard the shouts, they knew that they were coming from Asura. This also made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel that they had to do it themselves. There is nothing wrong with sending the Phantom Beast Insect first.

Not long after the Phantom Beast Insect was released, Wen Wenhai led the troops of the Blood Killer Sect and rushed straight into the woods. The first ones to rush over were the alien clan. They jumped directly from the trees. The trees on the opposite side are very tall, and with the strength of the alien clan, there will be absolutely no problem running over them.

The Blood Killing Sect army below also entered the woods, and the alien clan who entered the woods first quickly fought with the Asura clan. The two sides fought directly in the trees. Hands, although the strength of the Alien Clan is not bad, it is not very strong. Compared with the Asura Clan, it is much worse. When the two sides fight, the Alien Clan will naturally suffer a loss, and many aliens will be killed. Of course, there were some aliens who were not killed. They used their flexibility to fight with the Asura clan.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered the woods and began to fight with the Asura clan. At the same time, all the battle plant seeds brought by the phantom beast insects were activated by them. Countless battle plants suddenly It grew, and those asuras also had mushrooms growing on them, or were entangled by dodder, and some were directly entangled by fantasy beast insects. The black smoke shields on their bodies , is disappearing. In this case, when facing the people of the Blood Killing Sect, it is natural that the Asura clan will suffer.

This battle went more smoothly than the last time. It only took less than two hours for them to capture the Hundred Miles Land. After capturing the Hundred Miles Land, they did not attack. They were still at the beginning. The hundred-mile land was turned into a war plant fortress, so they were not attacking, but just guarding the hundred-mile land.

Those Asuras were a little surprised when they saw that the people of the Blood Killing Sect did not attack even though they had the upper hand. However, they also breathed a sigh of relief. Today's wave of attacks from the Blood Killing Sect was really... It was a bit scary. The successive attacks did not give them any time to prepare, and they were driven back hundreds of miles. To be honest, such an attack was something they had never encountered before, and they were all a little overwhelmed. .

But in the heart palpitations, they are also a little angry, what are they? They are the Asura clan. When have the Asura clan ever been so cowardly that they were beaten back hundreds of miles by someone? This is simply an insult to them, and they are naturally very angry.

So the Asura clan wanted to counterattack. After the Blood Killing Sect stopped attacking, they counterattacked several times, but they were all repelled by the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. Until the Blood Killing Sect's Zhan Zhi Fortress was completely built, He retreated helplessly, because they knew very well that once the Blood Killing Sect's war plant fortress was built, they would have no chance of attacking it, because those war plants alone could defeat them. Retreat, let alone the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

After the battle was over, Wen Wenhai and the others conducted a post-war summary as usual. This time, there was nothing to add to the post-war summary. They just made a summary and some issues with operational coordination. , there were no other major problems, so it was over quickly.

After this battle, one day later, the Blood Killing Sect launched another attack. This time they still successfully pushed back the Asura clan for a hundred miles and still occupied a hundred miles of land. , then stopped and built a Zhan Zhi Fortress, but the Asura clan still had nothing to do.

Several consecutive victories did not make Wen Wenhai and the others too excited. Wen Wenhai and the others knew very well that the enemy was not easy to deal with. These victories were all expected for them, and Ah The Asura clan will never let them continue like this, so what Wen Wenhai and the others are thinking about now is not to continue the attack, but to think about whether to stop and stop irritating the Asura clan.

If they continue to attack, they may irritate the Asura clan, which will not be of any benefit to the Blood Killing Sect, because Hu Changfeng and the others have not yet completed their research. If the Asura clan is really offended, they will If the masters attack with all their strength, and only Zhao Hai is blocking them, the casualties of the Blood Killing Sect will definitely not be small, so Wen Wenhai and the others will think about whether to stop temporarily and slow down their pace.