c7345 good news

In the Shenji Hall of the Blood Killing Sect, Wen Yuming and some key elders from the Shenji Hall were getting together and looking at a formation in front of them. This formation was very weird. The entire formation was made of wood. It is made of wood, and this wooden formation disk actually has a kind of vitality. Formation disks like this are really very rare.

Looking at the array plate, Wen Yuming said in a deep voice: "Let's get started." An elder next to him responded, and then patted the table directly. As he patted it, the table immediately lit up. It stood up, and then the bright light slowly turned black, and finally turned into a black cloud, directly covering the formation disk.

Wen Yuming looked at the black cloud and said in a deep voice: "Try the effect." Immediately, an elder responded, and then threw a formation disk into the black cloud, and then he drove into the formation disk. With a trace of spiritual energy, under normal circumstances, the main disk would be activated, but now the formation disk did not respond at all. The elder took out the formation disk that could not be activated, and then put in a few more formation disks. disk, and also planned to activate those array disks, but the final result was all the same, none of those array disks could be activated.

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Okay, let's try this new formation disk." The elder responded, and casually penetrated a stream of spiritual energy into the wooden formation disk, and then his formation energy hit Entering the wooden formation disk, the wooden formation disk suddenly lit up, and then a vivid little tiger appeared on the formation disk. The little tiger was white. He has green patterns on his body and the word "王" on his head is clearly visible. He seems to be unable to leave the formation. He just stands on the formation. It seems that he can still see Wen Yuming and the others. He is heading towards Wen Yuming and the others. A glare followed by a long roar. The tiger was not big, but the sound was quite loud, making everyone's ears buzz.

Seeing the little tiger's performance, Wen Yuming and the others couldn't help but smile. Then Wen Yuming said: "Okay, great, it's successful. The energy beast array is finally successful. This It will be of great help to us in our battle in the Asura world."

Zhang Hongliang, who was on the side, also looked excited. He said in a deep voice: "Master, tell the sect master the news immediately. With this method, our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can compete with those Asuras. I believe we can definitely deal with all those guys from the Asura clan."

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "The sect master doesn't have time to listen to us now. I'd better talk to Lao Wen and the others. The ones who are most worried about this matter now should be Hao Wen and the others, but I think this news will be more important to them. It is definitely good news, because with this technology, some of our Blood Killing Sect's magic formations can be used in the Asura world. By the way, how are Hu Wei and the others preparing?"

Zhang Hongliang smiled and said: "Don't worry, they have already prepared it. Now in our Blood Killing Sect, there is more than one kind of war plant refined from the Tongtian Vine. There are many war plants, and their power is not They are very big, and they have always given up using them, but some of them can meet our requirements, so you don’t have to worry.”

Wen Yuming nodded and said, "Okay, let them get ready. I'm going to see Lao Wen now." After saying that, he walked out, while the others started to conduct other experiments. The final result It was all good, so everyone packed up and left the laboratory.

These people are all the backbone of the Shenji Hall, and they are the group of people who have the most research on the magic circle. This time, because the Blood Killing Sect is in the Asura world and cannot use the magic circle, they gathered here Let's conduct research together. Now that the research has been successful, they don't have to worry about the next thing. They still have a lot of their own things to deal with, so they naturally go back to their own laboratory.

But at this time, Wen Yuming came to Wen Wenhai's room. Wen Wenhai was dealing with some things in the Blood Killing Sect. When he heard that Wen Yuming was coming, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately told Wen Yuming Ming Yu invited him into the room. He knew that something must have happened to Yu Ming, otherwise he wouldn't have come to him at this time.

Wen Yuming entered Wen Wenhai's room with a smile on his face. As soon as he saw Wen Wenhai, he immediately said: "Old Wen, there is good news, great news. We have found a method that can be used in the Asura world. Using the method of using magic formations, although not all of our magic formations can be used here in the Asura World, there is absolutely no problem in improving the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect disciples."

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Wen Wenhai was stunned at first, and then immediately looked at Wen Yu Ming with a happy face and said: "Lao Wen, are you telling the truth? Is there really such a method? Quickly, tell me carefully Say." As he spoke, Wen Wenhai stood up, and then Wen Yuming walked to the sofa beside him and sat down.

The two are also old friends, so naturally they don't need too much politeness. Just like when Yu Wenming entered Wen Wenhai's room, he didn't have any politeness at all and went straight to the topic. Wen Wenhai also went straight to the topic. , there is no beating around the bush at all.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Actually, it's nothing. We have noticed before that although our magic circle cannot be used in the Asura World, our combat plants can work normally in the Asura World. Use, and those war plants also have magic circles in their bodies. It is those magic circles that provide them with energy so that they can function. In other words, those war plants are actually using magic circles, but they It was not affected by the power of laws here in the Asura world, which is what I was curious about, so we started researching it."

Speaking of this, Wen Yuming paused for a moment, and then a smile appeared on his face. He said solemnly: "After our research, we found that although there are magic circles in the bodies of those plants, they mediate those magic circles. But it is completely integrated with their bodies and becomes a natural pattern in their bodies. In this case, when they absorb energy, it is not considered as the magic circle using energy, but as the energy in their bodies. It is an innate ability, and the power of the laws of the Asura world will not care about this ability."

"After discovering this, we conducted an experiment. We used the trunks of trees to make a magic circle. Because the trunks were still alive, we wanted to see if this method was suitable, but In the end, we found that it didn't work. The magic circle created in this way was still a magic circle. The power of laws in the Asura world would not allow the use of such a magic circle, so we used another method. We worked with Hu Wei and the others In cooperation, we still used tree trunks to make the magic circle, but after the production was completed, we asked Hu Wei and the others to use the power of the planters to fully activate the tree trunk, turning it into a complete tree. Living plants, let's see if this is possible. Unexpectedly, the result of this is that it is really possible. Such a magic circle can actually be used, and the effect is pretty good."

Having said this, a smile appeared on Wen Yuming's face, and he continued: "We have conducted several tests on this new magic circle and found that it is indeed feasible, but our Blood Killing Sect needs to use the magic circle. There are too many places. It is impossible to completely replace our existing magic formation with this kind of magic formation, so we want to find a way that can use this kind of magic formation to let us kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Combat power, a way to quickly improve, finally we thought of the beast soul in our Yaksha teeth, so we made an energy beast array. This energy beast array can make energy beasts. This energy Because the beast is made from plants, it is very active. As long as we can introduce the beast soul into the energy beast, we can absorb the energy from the outside through the magic circle, making the energy beast stronger in an instant. , and then when the energy beast combines with our disciples, it will form a blessing. This experiment has now been successful. This is what I said, the magic circle that can be used here in the Asura world can also be used in the shortest time. Within, it’s a way to strengthen the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect disciples.”

Wen Wenhai heard what Yu Ming said and finally understood what he meant. He looked at Wen Yu Ming and said, "You mean that energy beast array can release energy beasts here in the Asura world. Then these energy beasts can be blessed on our disciples like phantom beasts, strengthening the fighting power of our Blood Killing Sect disciples?"

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Yes, not only can it be blessed on our Blood Killing Sect disciples, but it can even be combined with the phantom beasts of our Blood Killing sect disciples, so that the phantom beasts of our Blood Killing Sect disciples will have more power. It has strong combat effectiveness and is very powerful. How about it? Isn’t it good? And if it is used well, we can also have many disciples use this method to form a huge magic circle like in the Yaksha Realm. The energy released can summon those huge energy beasts to help us fight, isn't that great?"

"Okay, of course, this is great." Wen Wenhai stood up excitedly when he heard what Yu Ming said. Now that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are facing off against the Asura clan, their strength is still inferior. , we can only rely on the blessing of skills to fight against the Asura clan. Although this method works, not all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can use the blessings of skills. All ordinary disciples who have many ordinary disciples have to form a team. Entangled with the Asura clan.

But if their method is really feasible, it will definitely be a good thing for them. They can improve the strength of all their disciples and fight Asura one-on-one. It would be even better if those powerful energy behemoths could really be summoned. If those energy behemoths could not be managed, they could block the attack of the masters of the Asura clan. Of course, this is just an idea. It is almost impossible to really use this method to block the attack of the Asura clan, but this method is indeed of great help to the Blood Killing Sect.

But Wen Wenhai immediately thought of a question, and he immediately said to Wen Yuming: "Old Wen, according to what you said, every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect needs a new plant array, and these arrays , all need to be refined again? Isn’t that very troublesome? Do we have enough time?”