c7342 Summarize

"Do you have anything to say about this battle?" Wen Wenhai stood in the room of the Blood Killing Battle Castle and looked at the core elders in the room. In this battle, they captured the land of a hundred miles and It's not very big, but they still conducted a post-war summary, because this is the habit of the Blood Killing Sect. After every battle, they must conduct a post-war summary in order to find out what they committed during this battle. Error, how to correct it.

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone was silent for a while. After a while, Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said in a deep voice: "Let me say a few words first. I think the biggest mistake in our battle is that we did not No one was sent to attack from the trees, and most of the Asura clan stayed in the trees. It was precisely because they stayed in the trees that even the Zerg underground did not notice them. This was a mistake, and it was precisely because they stayed in the trees. Because of this mistake, we were still a little passive at the beginning.”

Everyone nodded. This was indeed a mistake, and it could be said that it was a mistake that should not have been made, because when they fought with the Asura clan before, the Asura clan attacked them from the trees, but they During this attack, he didn't even think of guarding the opponent. This was really inappropriate.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "This is indeed a mistake of ours. We must correct it when we attack next time. Is there anything else? You can talk about it." Wen Wenhai is just the person presiding over the meeting. If you want to be serious, Speaking of which, his status is on the same level as everyone sitting here. The reason why he can preside over the meeting is because Zhao Hai gave him a higher status. Wen Wenhai has never felt that he is better than the people sitting here. How much better he is, he is very clear. Some of the people sitting here are still Zhao Hai's servants, so he has no idea of ​​being superior to others. Of course, he does not feel that he is inferior to these people, because he follows Zhao Hai. Hai has been with Zhao Hai for a long time, and he has always been loyal to Zhao Hai, so he does not think that he does not admire this position. On the contrary, he feels that he is very suitable to sit in this position.

It is precisely because of this mentality that Wen Wenhai has always had a very peaceful mentality when presiding over the meeting. And it is precisely because of this mentality that people are more convinced of him. This can be regarded as a benign attitude. Develop it. But no matter what, now everyone has recognized Wen Wenhai's current identity.

At this time Baiyan stood up and said in a deep voice: "I think our use of magic beast bugs, mushrooms and dodder seeds is still a little bit behind. We are attacking the Asura world now, not fighting against Asura." The Shura clan competes in martial arts, so there is no need to be so particular. If we have these methods, we have to use them. So I think that when we attack next time, we can let the phantom beast insects attack first and let the phantom beast insects carry mushrooms on their bodies. The spores and dodder seeds allow the Phantom Beast Insects to attack. Not only can they discover where Asuras are hiding in advance, but they can also plant spores and dodder seeds on their bodies to weaken their combat effectiveness. If necessary, , we can also directly let the fantasy beast insects bring the seeds of the war plants. When we attack, we can directly use the spiritual energy to activate those seeds, and then those war plants will become our helpers. It is very beneficial to the Asura clan who have devoted themselves to it.”

Bai Yan has always been very vicious in his tactics. He only cares about success or failure and does not care about the means. Therefore, although he is only the commander of the Blood Killing Castle now, his status in the Blood Killing Sect is very high. , is also very valued, and Zhao Hai is also very fond of him.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and everyone else also nodded. The method Baiyan said was indeed very feasible. The phantom beast bugs are indeed a very good means of attack. Let those phantom beast bugs carry Those seeds are indeed feasible. Even if the fantasy beast insects are killed, as long as those seeds are retained, when they really fight with the Asura clan, they can completely activate those seeds and let those war plants come. Help them fight.

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "This is indeed a good method, and I think we are not very suitable to expose the Zerg's underground base too early. Those underground bases are what we use to deal with those As a master of the Asura clan, he was used as a retreat. If he is exposed too early, it will not be of any benefit to us."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, we did make some mistakes this time, is there anything else? Do you have any other opinions?" Wen Wenhai is a person who can listen to everyone's opinions. He also learned from Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai was very able to listen to everyone's opinions. Wen Wenhai had always regarded Zhao Hai as his god, so he naturally learned from Zhao Hai in everything, so he was also very able to listen to everyone's opinions.

Shun Li said: "I finally thought of something, that is, we, the alien Yaksha clan, can also participate in the war. Although these Asuras are all illusions, they are the demon-subduing pestles. We, the alien clan, cannot absorb anything. It is impossible to become the same as the Asura clan, but this does not mean that our alien clan has no fighting power. In fact, during this period of time, our alien clan has been upgrading very quickly, but we have no real strength. Digest what we have absorbed. Our alien race is a race born for fighting. We want to become stronger. In addition to absorbing the genes of the enemy, the most important thing is to fight. So I think, we aliens This clan should also participate in more battles.”

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Chen Li said, they all nodded. The alien race is a race born for fighting. No one would object to this. So now when they heard what Chen Li said, Wen Wenhai and the others didn't realize it. Nodding, they knew the fighting power of the alien clan very well, so they agreed with what Shu Li said.

Wen Wenhai glanced at the others, and when he saw that no one stood up, he nodded and said: "Okay, then I will make a summary. The first thing is to send people to attack from the trees. This is what I know I feel that the alien family is very suitable. They have wings on their bodies. Although they cannot fly due to the forbidden air formation, they can still glide short distances. Because they have wings, they do it on trees. They may be more flexible when fighting, so I think we can leave it to them to attack from the trees.”

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai said this, which was equivalent to solving two things at once. They naturally agreed, and the alien clan was indeed very flexible. In addition, they also had wings, so they attacked on the trees. When the time comes, it will naturally become more flexible, and no one will object to this.

Wen Wenhai continued: "When talking about the Phantom Beast Insect, I think Bai Yan's suggestion is very good. The Phantom Beast Insect can indeed conduct an attack on the area we want to attack first. First, it can bring the Zhan Zhi's race with us. In the past, the second was to weaken the strength of the Asura clan first, which is very important to us. "

Naturally, no one would object. In fact, they had already agreed when Bai Yan proposed this suggestion, so now that Wen Wenhai has said it, no one will object. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then these are the two points that need improvement. At the same time, Elder Cang Ming, you should also pay attention. The Zerg should not attack now, because your mission is to attack when we encounter When the powerful Asura clan attacks, we are not here to deal with these ordinary Asuras. If you are exposed in order to deal with these ordinary Asuras, then the gain will outweigh the losses. Do you understand? ?”

Cang Ming responded: "Yes, we understand, please rest assured." He really wanted to let the Zerg participate in the attack before, but fortunately he did not let the Zerg participate in the attack, otherwise If it was really exposed, it would really be more than worth the gain, and it would also cause them a lot of trouble.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Okay, now that we have decided, let's do this. I will ask the staff to come up with an attack plan as soon as possible, and then everyone will act according to the order." Everyone agreed. Their attack this time was not the attack plan prepared by the staff, so there were so many loopholes. At the same time, this was actually the opinion of the staff. This was what the staff wanted them to do. Attack and see the reaction of the Asura clan, you can also make a further assessment of the combat effectiveness of the Asura clan. Now that the combat effectiveness of the Asura clan is almost known, the staff will naturally make a battle plan.

Naturally, no one would object, and then Wen Wenhai waved his hand, and everyone turned and left. They all had to prepare well. The adjustment of the offensive method would also make some adjustments to their layout. They had to make good preparations. This kind of adjustment is necessary, otherwise there may really be problems.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai simply stopped Shun Li, and then he said to Shun Li: "Shen Li, after arriving here in the Asura Realm this time, I did neglect your alien clan. Don't blame me. , this matter is my fault, I'm sorry." Wen Wenhai really ignored the alien clan, so he apologized to Shen Li.

Shun Li was stunned for a moment by what he said, but then he shook his head and said with a smile: "It's okay, there's nothing to blame you for. In fact, the root of the problem lies with us, our alien clan. , there are not many people with intelligence now, and those without intelligence account for the majority. Although their combat is strong enough, there will be some problems in management. We have just arrived in the Asura world, so we naturally need more elites. A disciple came to open up the situation, so it’s normal for you to react like this, and there’s nothing strange about it.”

Wen Wenhai patted his shoulder and said: "Anyway, it's my fault for ignoring you. I will remember you in the future. Work hard. Those Asuras are not so easy to deal with. If you can absorb them, The abilities of the Shura clan would be great, but it’s a pity that they don’t have anything like the Yasha Teeth left.”