c7348 success

Speaking of which, this kind of vine called nephrite vine grew very fast. Soon almost all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had their own nephrite vine belts, and they carved into their belts There are not many magic formations, there are only three types, the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool, the Natural Energy Magic Circle and the Energy Beast Magic Circle. Almost all disciples will have these three magic formations engraved in their belts. As for the Wheel of Law Magic Circle, They do not carve such magic circles now. Firstly, it is too troublesome. Secondly, they are worried that they will be discovered by the Asura clan. If they are really discovered by them, it may cause a war.

Now the Asura clan is no longer attacking the Blood Killing Sect, and both sides have returned to the previous quiet state. However, Wen Wenhai and the others are not happy because the Asura clan is no longer attacking. On the contrary, they are still a little worried, because Ah The fact that the Shura clan is no longer attacking the Blood Killing Sect means that they no longer need samples of mushrooms and dodder, which means that they may have found a way to restrain mushrooms and dodder.

However, Wen Wenhai and the others were only a little worried and didn't take it too seriously. They had already prepared for this situation, and Lingzhi Hall was also improving the abilities of mushrooms and dodder. I believe it won't take long. In time, there will be results, and they have nothing to worry about.

What makes Wen Wenhai and the others happy is that news has come out from Hu Changfeng and the others that they have found a way to unify the energy frequency of the exercises and are now testing it. If this method is tested well, then they There will be an end there soon too.

This also makes Wen Wenhai and the others very happy. It can be said to be the best news in recent times, because this method of Hu Changfeng and the others is almost the hope of the Blood Killing Sect in dealing with the Asura clan. As long as this method works, then they will Being able to deal with the Asura clan is certainly good news.

And the training of Blood Killing Sect disciples now has one more thing, that is, how to combine with their own energy beasts, and how to use this combination in actual combat. Now they are in the real illusion, and They can train this, and the effect of such training is really good. Now even if they don't use mushrooms and dodder to destroy the black smoke shield of the Asura clan, they can still fight to a draw with the Asura clan. And this is still talking about one-on-one situations.

What surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect most was that the combination of this energy beast with them would not affect the blessing of the skills. If the blessing of the skills was used, it would have a certain improvement effect. This is the biggest Good news, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all happy for this news.

However, it is a bit regretful that there is no progress in their research. In other words, except for the magic circle in the Nephrite Vine, other magic circles in the Asura Realm Here, there is still no way to use it, which also limits the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Clan to a great extent.

Zhao Hai also saw the changes in the Blood Killing Sect during this period, and he was very happy. He really didn't expect that after hearing the name, they would find a way to improve the Blood Killing Sect so quickly. The fighting power of the disciples, especially Hu Wei and others, the performance of Lingzhi Hall in the recent period is really amazing.

The performance of the Blood Killing Sect makes Zhao Hai completely relieved. With the current ability of the Blood Killing Sect, even without him, the Blood Killing Sect can still be on its own. Of course, without him, the Blood Killing Sect may not exist. Chances are, using these methods, those masters of the Asura clan will directly destroy the Blood Killing Sect.

However, Zhao Hai is not in a hurry. The Blood Killing Sect currently has no masters, but he believes that it will not take long before the Blood Killing Sect has a large number of masters. Don’t forget, Ding Chunming and Sheng Si are still there. As for practicing in the time acceleration zone, based on the time ratio between inside and outside, they have been practicing there for several years. After a while, I believe they will be able to leave, although by then they will Their strength may still not be comparable to those of the masters in the Asura world, but it will not be too far behind. With their addition, the problem of the lack of masters of the Blood Killing Sect can be solved.

The most important thing is that Zhao Hai can still select a group of people and send them to the time acceleration area. The time acceleration area will not disappear. By then, they can train masters in batches. , when the time comes, let alone the lack of masters in the Blood Killing Sect, it will be difficult to find someone with weak strength. Of course, it is also very difficult to really achieve that step. After all, there are too many disciples in the Blood Killing Sect. Some disciples are afraid that they will never be able to enter the time acceleration zone in their lifetime.

Now everyone in the Blood Killing Sect is waiting, waiting for Hu Changfeng's experiment to be successful. As long as their experiment is successful, as long as their disciples are trained well, they can start a war against the Asura clan and make a good statement. , the evil spirit suppressed by the masters of the Asura clan.

What the Blood Killer Sect has to do now is to wait. They are not in a hurry. They are just waiting for Hu Changfeng to get everything ready before they can start a war with the Asura clan. Regarding this matter, although the people of the Blood Killer Sect are anxious, they are still If you are patient, they can wait.

Another month passed before Hu Changfeng finally found Wen Wenhai. Now Wen Wenhai has been working here in the Asura Realm. As soon as Wen Wenhai heard that Hu Changfeng was coming, he immediately became happy. He knew very well that Hu Changfeng was now here. Why? Hu Changfeng came to see him at this time. It must be because Hu Changfeng's research has made progress.

Hu Changfeng's research has already made progress before. He has developed a method of merging exercises and blessings. Has it been successful now? When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai immediately became excited, and he immediately invited Hu Changfeng into the room. As soon as Hu Changfeng entered the room, before he could say anything, Wen Wenhai came up to him, looked at him with burning eyes and said: "Old Hu, how are you? Is it done?"

Hu Changfeng looked at Wen Wenhai and couldn't help but smile, and said in a deep voice: "Yes, it's done, the first batch of disciples have been trained, although now only a thousand disciples can use the technique of blessing at the same time, and then Merged into one, but this is already good. I have calculated that with the combat power of these thousand disciples, if they really merge into one, they will be very powerful, and the battle can last for an hour."

Hearing what Hu Changfeng said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but said loudly: "Okay, hahaha, great, enough, enough, but Lao Hu, don't let this news get out yet, I'm giving you three days, You must perfectly combine the energy beast blessing method developed by Lao Wen and the others with the method you are using now, do you think it is possible?"

It was a little late because they were famous for the energy beast blessing method they came up with. After Hu Changfeng and the others started researching, in order not to disturb Hu Changfeng and the others' research, the nephrite vine belt was distributed to everyone. At that time, although it was sent to Hu Changfeng and the others, they were not allowed to conduct experiments in this area. But now, Wen Wenhai is the best and can allow them to conduct experiments.

Hu Changfeng thought for a while, nodded and said: "Okay, I will go to test it right now, and will also notify other teams. This time we tested a hundred teams in total. After the test of these one hundred teams is successful, now I We have summoned another thousand small teams and are training, and more people will be gathered later to form a larger team for training, but these people will no longer be able to participate in normal attacks in the future."

Wen Wenhai said: "There is no problem, just do it with confidence and courage. Now even if a billion people are trained into your team at once, it doesn't matter. For our Blood Killing Sect, As far as I’m concerned, there are only advantages and no disadvantages, so just feel free to train boldly.”

Hu Changfeng nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then in three days, you are listening to my good news. I believe that in three days, I will be able to complete their training." After that, he said to him. Wen Wenhai clasped his fists and turned around to leave. His time was very tight now. He had a lot to do in three days.

After Hu Changfeng left, Wen Wenhai immediately called Chang Jun and the others into the room. When Chang Jun and the others arrived in the room, Wen Wenhai immediately told Chang Jun and the others the news that Hu Changfeng had told him. Of course, he also told Chang Jun and the others. Jun and the others told Hu Changfeng to train for three days to get used to the blessing of the energy beast.

When Wen Wenhai finished speaking, Chang Jun and the others also looked like them, and Chang Jun even said: "Okay, we can afford to wait for three days, and it won't be short of these three days. If they can really take it." The blessing of energy beasts is also integrated into the blessing of skills, so their combat effectiveness will definitely be stronger, which is good for us."

Several other people also nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "So don't tell anyone about this matter now, so as not to make everyone uneasy in the past three days, we will wait for three days with peace of mind. Now the training of sect disciples The task is very heavy, we must make them feel at ease, everything will be said after three days, we have waited for so many days, we are not short of these few days, do you understand?"

Everyone nodded in unison, and Wen Wenhai then said with a smile: "Okay, let's go back and wait for three days. After three days, I believe we will have the capital to fight against the Asura clan." After that, Wen Wenhai couldn't help laughing, and Chang Jun and the others also laughed.

Gu Yuanzheng also smiled, and then he said: "Old Wen, do you want to tell the young master this news?" Gu Yuanzheng is Zhao Hai's servant, so after hearing the news, his first reaction was to tell this news to the young master. The news told Zhao Hai that Zhao Hai was the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, and he had to know the news as soon as possible.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Don't worry, I believe Lao Hu will inform the boss as soon as possible. Although that guy is focused on training, his respect for the boss is to It’s more serious than me, because he respects the strong the most, and the strongest person in our Blood Killing Sect is of course the leader.”

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.