c7344 pause

Wen Wenhai was sitting in the hall, and all the elders of the Blood Killing Sect were sitting there. No one spoke, and the atmosphere was a bit solemn. Everyone seemed to be thinking about their own things, and no one even seemed to be talking to each other or talking in a low voice. , and it is precisely because of this that the atmosphere seems so solemn.

After a while, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "I have already told you the purpose of calling everyone here this time. I just want everyone to talk about whether we are going to attack again or not. Wait, the attack power of the attack method we have come up with is really amazing. Those Asuras can't be blocked at all, but the problem arises here. If those Asuras can't be blocked, will that happen? Lure out the person behind Asura."

Having said this, Wen Wenhai paused for a moment, and then he continued: "Who is behind Asura? They are masters of the Asura clan. I think everyone knows the strength of these masters. If it weren't for the leader, With the heads hanging over us, we, the people, were afraid that we would be destroyed countless times by those masters of the Asura clan. It was precisely because of the leader, the masters of the Asura clan, that they did not touch us. But if we keep attacking and occupying the territory of the Asura clan, what will happen? I really don’t know this, but I think those guys will take action by force, even if they have the leader by then. Now, they can help us block those guys' attacks, but how much loss will our Blood Killing Sect suffer? It's really hard to say."

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then continued: "Even if the leader avenges us afterwards and destroys the entire Asura clan, what's the use? The losses of our Blood Killing Sect are still there, precisely because We were worried about this, so we didn’t attack the Asura Realm for a while until Cangming and the others built an underground base.”

"But the establishment of the underground base is carried out in secret. If the enemy knows the existence of the underground base, those masters will have countless ways to make it impossible for our underground base to contact us. In other words, the underground base will basically It can only be used next time. After one time, it will no longer have any good effect. Unless we have a way to deal with those masters of the Asura world, otherwise, the underground base can only be used once."

At this point, Wen Wenhai stopped, looked at everyone, and then said after a while: "My problem now is that if we continue to attack, the enemy will most likely retaliate against us. Those masters have They may take action, and before Lao Hu and the others are completely successful, if the enemy really wants to retaliate against us, then we will be in danger, so I want to hear everyone's opinions on whether we should continue the attack or stop for a while. time."

Wen Wenhai has always attached great importance to everyone's opinions. He knows very well that he is not a particularly talented person. He cannot be like Zhao Hai, who can think of everything in advance and make arrangements. Even Zhao Hai will listen to everyone's opinions. It is rare for him to act arbitrarily, let alone him. Therefore, when he makes any major decisions, he will always call everyone together. Discuss together and make a final decision.

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, they all fell silent. After a while, Chang Jun finally said: "What I mean is, don't attack yet. Let's stop and wait until Lao Hu and the others are ready. We were attacking at that time, now at this time, don't push the Asura clan too hard, it will not be good for us."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "What do you think? If you have any opinions, just say it directly." Wen Wenhai thought for a while and listened to see what other people's opinions were. If someone agrees with the attack, then attack What are the reasons so that they can choose the best path for them to take now.

Everyone was silent for a while, and rolled their eyes for a while before speaking: "What I mean is to stop for a while and stop attacking. Through our three attacks, the people in the Asura world should also know that we have found a way to deal with it." With their methods, if we continue to attack like this, it will be impossible for the people in the Asura world to stop us unless they come up with some way to deal with it. And it will take time for them to find a way to stop our attack. That's right, in order to buy time, those masters in the Asura world are very likely to take action against us, so at this time, it is really not suitable for us to take action."

Everyone nodded this time. These three attacks, especially the last two attacks, were really smooth. The last one was even more so. The Asura clan had almost no way to stop them. It was impossible not to cause this situation. The masters of the Asura clan pay attention to them. They are very likely to attack them directly for this reason. That would be too dangerous. Now is not the time to cause the masters of the Asura clan to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. They have not yet Be prepared. Just wait until Hu Changfeng and the others are ready, then they can attack. Now is not the time.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, pondered for a moment, and then said: "Okay, everyone has already decided, so there is nothing more to say. Now our strength is not strong enough. In order to avoid the possibility of a big war, we must stop Next time, after Lao Hu completes the training, we will attack the Asura clan. I don’t think anyone will object to this, right?" Wen Wenhai actually had this plan from the beginning, and they were not in a hurry. , they have plenty of time, there is nothing to be anxious about, just wait for a while.

Naturally, everyone will not object. They are all people who know the importance of severity. Temporary tolerance is nothing to them. They will just deal with the Asura clan in the future. They are not defeated, so everyone agrees. He nodded and agreed with Wen Wenhai.

When Wen Wenhai saw that everyone agreed with what he said, he smiled slightly and said: "Okay, as long as everyone agrees, I won't say anything more. In the next period of time, the focus will be on training disciples. , stop attacking the Asura clan. All the troops at the border have been withdrawn. Just have those war plants watching. We don't need to send people to guard there all the time. If the Asura clan comes to attack us, , then we are fighting back.”

Everyone responded in unison, Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "Then let's all disperse and do whatever we need to do. After we recall all the disciples, we will start training immediately. In terms of tactics, Training must be carried out, and one thing must be paid attention to. When training, we must add one special item. If one day, we are unable to break through the enemy's black smoke shield, then when we fight against the enemy , what method should be used, remember, this is the focus of the next training. Cang Ming, you must also follow the training. The key point is to practice. If we encounter an attack from a master, how will you respond to the ordinary disciples? When we go to the underground base, let us try to reduce casualties as much as possible. These are the preparations we must make. We cannot wait until the incident comes to make preparations, that is absolutely impossible."

Everyone responded in unison, and Wen Wenhai waved his hands. Everyone stood up, turned and walked out. Only Chang Jun stayed. After everyone left, Chang Jun smiled at Wen Wenhai and said: "Okay, Old Wen, you now have some of the style of a sect leader. You think of everything in advance, hahahaha, it's very good."

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "What am I doing? I'm just a little clever. How can I compare with the boss? As long as I can help the boss, it's considered good. That's all. Let's not talk about this. Let's think about it. Let's think about what we should do. Lao Hu can't push us. The more we push, the more likely it is to make mistakes. Let them take their time. Anyway, we are not in a hurry. Now we and the Asura clan can at most maintain the same relationship. This is a stalemate situation, and we still have the upper hand. In this case, we can’t be anxious anymore. The more anxious we are, the easier it is to do bad things. Our Blood Killing Sect has always pursued stability, so we can’t be anxious. , take your time."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, our Blood Killing Sect has always been pursuing stability. Rushing is not enough. Anyway, we have plenty of time. There is no need to rush. The more anxious we are, the easier it is to do bad things. First of all, we have time." Just be steady, wait until we are ready, and we will send troops when the time comes. I believe that by then, the people of the Asura clan will never be our opponents." Chang Jun is still very aware of this. Confident, he believes that they can defeat the Asura clan, he has this confidence, he believes in Zhao Hai, and he also believes in the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's go and prepare. We must get through this period of time. When this period of time passes, everything will be easy. I heard that I heard that they recently They are also very busy, I wonder what they are busy with? The magic circle cannot be used here, what are they still busy with? "

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "I really don't know this. You also know that the things they are studying now are getting more and more profound. I can't even understand what they are studying now. Anyway, wait for them Once we’ve done the research, we’ll know, let’s go, we all still have a lot of things to deal with.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's go, Lao Wen and the others have never let us down. I really want to see what good things Lao Wen and the others can come up with this time. ." After saying that, the two of them walked out of the hall and returned to their own rooms. Each of them had their own things to manage. Although the Blood Killing Sect was no longer attacking, there were still many things to deal with every day, and they did not dare to neglect them. .

At this time, Zhao Hai was also looking down from the sky with a smile on his face. He had no objection to Wen Wenhai and the others choosing to stop attacking at this time. On the contrary, he felt that Wen Wenhai and the others This approach is very correct. If you don't care about anything and only know how to attack, that is what a reckless man does. Now Wen Wenhai and others are doing this, which is very good. They know how to advance and retreat, and understand the gains and losses. This is what a commander is doing. should be done.