c7340 War Buddha

After everyone paused for a moment, Wen Wenhai then continued: "It will take some time for Elder Hu and others to truly form a fighting force. We don't have to be too anxious. What I mean is this, we can use During this period of time, we will expand externally first, but our pace of expansion must be slow. At the same time, we must recruit some Buddhist disciples from the sect. Each time we expand, we will expand to a hundred miles, and we will stop at one hundred miles, and then let The Buddhist disciples went to chant sutras and consecrate the plants, and then we turned it into our war plant fortress. In this way, even if the Asuras discovered it and attacked us, we have nothing to worry about. Although This kind of attack speed may be a little slow, but it doesn't matter. We are a hundred miles today and a hundred miles tomorrow. I believe it won't take long before our territory will be expanded a lot. What do you think?"

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng said: "This is a good method. Don't be afraid of being slow, just be afraid of standing. Now we have completely stopped. This is actually not of much benefit to us, so slowly It is very necessary to expand, and it is also very necessary to invite Buddhist disciples to come and consecrate those plants. Previously, these things were all done by the young master himself, but we cannot always count on the young master to complete it. Once when the young master was consecrating those plants, someone from the Asura world attacked the young master. However, the young master was so powerful that he didn't care at all. However, this reminded us that we must be careful about this. The enemy has been observing us secretly. The one they want to destroy most is the young master. If anything happens to the young master, then our blood-killing sect will be finished. So I also feel that it is like consecrating the light, or treating those Shura The consecration of the Subduing Demonic Pestle can be left to the Buddhist disciples. We already have quite a few Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect, and it’s time for them to contribute some efforts."

Everyone nodded, and Chang Jun continued: "Before, because our strength increased too quickly, it caused the disciples' mental instability, so those disciples had emotional problems, and even almost developed inner demons. But after this period of time, they have adjusted, but they are now Buddhist disciples. Although the sect leader did not say that he was a Buddhist, his Buddhist skills are very powerful. Now our sect The Buddhist disciples in the sect all regard the sect leader as a Buddha, and the effect is very good, so now they have fully adjusted and can go to the battlefield."

Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "Of course they can go to the battlefield. Don't you know? Now our Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect, the Buddha they believe in is different from the Buddha in Buddhism that we are familiar with. The Buddha is the leader, and the leader Buddha has been given a name by them, called the War Buddha, which means the Buddha who is responsible for fighting. For them, fighting is the best practice, so of course they can go to the Buddha. It’s a battlefield.”

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone couldn't help but be stunned. They had really never paid attention to the situation of the Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect. Now when they heard Wen Wenhai say this, they couldn't help but be stunned, and then they all They looked at each other. They all had some understanding of Buddhism. They knew that Buddhist scriptures also talked about various Buddhas. Although these Buddhas all have various miraculous powers, when it comes down to it, But there is no kind of Buddha who is born specifically for fighting. The first priority of all Buddhas is to save all living beings and to transform all living beings. Even if they can subjugate and eliminate demons, it is just incidental and cannot. There is a Buddha who is born specifically for fighting. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have actually created a Buddha who is born specifically for fighting. How can they not be surprised?

Looking at the faces of everyone, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "I was really afraid at first that those Buddhist disciples were messing around, and if they really didn't get it right, they might really go crazy, so I asked the boss specifically for this matter to see what he thought of the matter. If that didn't work, I asked the boss to come forward and stop those Buddhist disciples from messing around. Guess what the boss's reaction was at that time? "

Everyone shook their heads. They obviously also discovered that Wen Wenhai was in a good mood today, otherwise he would not have spoken like this, so everyone looked at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "Head. After hearing what I said, my son had a very strange look on his face, as if he was a little surprised and a little amused, but in the end, the boss still said, it's nothing, they are not wrong in doing so, I have indeed been fighting, It’s good to call him the War Buddha, so the matter has been settled, and now what we in the Blood Killing Sect believe in is the War Buddha.”

When everyone heard what he said, they couldn't help laughing. Of course, they would not have thought that Zhao Hai's mood when he heard Wen Wenhai say that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect actually believed in the War Buddha. It was extremely complicated. He even wanted to see if he had hair growing on his body and if he had a thunderous mouth. Otherwise, why would anyone regard him as a fighting Buddha? As far as he knew, all fighting saints had a fighting Buddha. There seems to be only one in the world, right?

After a while, the hall became quiet. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "The boss has already agreed, so naturally we can't talk about anything else. I won't say anything else. Then we have to prepare Do you have any objections to attacking those Asuras?"

Of course, everyone had no objections. They all said in unison: "Yes, no objections." In fact, they had always wanted to fight, but because they were not ready before, they never proposed a war. Now they are ready. Half of them are indeed ready for war. As for when the other half will be ready, it's really hard to say. After all, training disciples and integrating all their strengths is very difficult.

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what everyone said, he said directly: "Okay, as long as everyone has no objections, let's go back and make preparations. By the way, we already have a lot of demon subduing materials obtained from Asura's body. When those Buddhist disciples arrive, give these demon-subduing pestles to them. I believe these demon-subduing pestles will play a greater role in their hands."

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng even said: "The young master used those demon-subduing pestles to set up a magic circle before. It is a Buddhist magic circle. Those magic-subduing pestles are indeed very good, and they may be useful for Buddhist techniques. It has a certain blessing effect. I don’t think it can only be used by Buddhist disciples. Even people who study Buddhist techniques can also use it. If necessary in the future, I don’t think it is appropriate to give everyone one of these demon-subduing pestles. That’s not possible, after all, every one of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has studied Buddhism for a period of time and knows something about it.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, now it seems that there are quite a few of those Asuras. If we get more Demon-Conquering Pestles, we will give some more to our disciples. Okay, that's all for this matter." It’s settled, everyone goes back and prepares. Starting tomorrow, we will start attacking, let’s go.” Everyone responded, then stood up, turned around and walked out.

Chang Jun did not leave. When everyone left, Chang Jun came to Wen Wenhai's side and said in a deep voice: "There is still some danger in attacking now, but we can only advance a hundred miles at a time. It is acceptable, but Hu Wei, you have to say hello, otherwise, if we can't turn the territory we occupy into a war plant fortress as soon as possible, there will be trouble. You have also seen those Asura's methods, they are extraordinary. .”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, I have also seen that the methods of those Asuras are really extraordinary. Their fighting power is very powerful, especially the black smoke on their bodies. If you want to deal with it, It is really difficult. Even with mushrooms and dodders plus the attack of fantasy beast insects, it is difficult to break the black smoke shield on them in a short time, and even if their black smoke shield is broken, Covering them does not mean killing them right away, but we have to attack. Although the progress at Lao Hu's place is very smooth, it will take some time for him to train all his disciples, and they are the most important Yes, it is still to deal with the masters in the Asura world. For ordinary Asuras, it is best not to let them take action. If they expose their ability prematurely, then when they deal with the masters in the Asura world , I’m afraid it won’t be very effective, those Asuras are not fools, they will take precautions.”

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, those Asuras are not fools. They are also very smart, and their actions are also very careful. Last time we used mushrooms, dodder and phantom beast insects to defeat their conspiracy. Smoke shield, I think they will definitely take precautions next, but I don’t know what kind of methods they will use.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he took a long breath and said: "I now understand why the leader had to stay in the Yaksha Realm for so long before. He must let us improve our own strength first, and even let We have learned to fight without the help of the magic circle, and now we understand everything. Without these preparations from the leader, what situation would we be in now? It is really hard to imagine."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, it's really hard to imagine. The sect leader is still known as a foresight. He made some preparations first. Otherwise, we would be really in danger now. To be honest, some At that time, I was really curious, how did the sect leader achieve such foresight, was it really just a thought?"

Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "When your strength reaches the level of the leader, you will feel the danger secretly, and the leader has already felt this way, so he will make some arrangements in advance, don't say Boss, even you and I, don’t we feel this way sometimes? Boss, it’s just that the feeling is more acute. Forget it, let’s not talk about it, let’s go and prepare.” Chang Jun also nodded. , didn’t say anything, just went to get ready.