c7341 attack

Zhao Hai looked at the Blood Killing Sect disciples below. Now the Blood Killing Sect disciples are ready, but they are all preparing in Zhanzhi Fortress, so people outside can't see them at all. Now the Blood Killing Sect disciples are ready. The Zhan Zhi Fortress of the Killing Sect can be described as airtight. Those Asuras did not dare to come in and could not see the situation in the Zhan Zhi Fortress.

Zhao Hai is still very satisfied with the current performance of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. They are monks. Monks should not lose their spirit. If they are really afraid of Asura, then their Blood Killing Sect will be finished. This situation did not occur, which made Zhao Hai very happy.

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others have been paying attention to the situation outside. Outside their Zhanzhi Fortress, you can't see the people of the Asura clan, but not seeing them doesn't mean they don't exist. Those of the Asura clan People, they may be hiding in trees or in the woods. You must know that they have a war plant fortress here, but the territory where the Asuras are located is not bare and nothing. On the contrary, the woods there are It is also very dense.

However, Wen Wenhai and the others had already decided to attack, so they would not wait any longer. So as soon as he saw that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all ready, Wen Wenhai directly ordered: "Attack." This time he used the phantom beast The order came from Chong Lai, because here, the magic circle could not be used, so they could only use the daughter of the phantom beast insect to give the order.

In fact, at the beginning, the worms of the Phantom Beast Insect did not have this kind of sound transmission ability. Zhao Haifei asked the people from the Spirit Beast Hall to add it. This is actually not difficult. The Blood Killing Sect had this kind of ability before. method, but later on, the magic circle developed faster and faster, and the communication between the magic circle became more and more convenient, so this method was abandoned. This time, it was just the old method used again. Just a moment.

At that time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt that it was a bit redundant for Zhao Hai to add this ability to these fantasy beasts. However, when they arrived in the Asura World and saw the situation here, they finally Understand, Zhao Hai is not doing unnecessary things, this matter is very necessary.

Without the communication ability of this kind of phantom beast insect, even communication would be a problem for the members of the Blood Killing Sect after entering the Asura Realm. This would be a problem for the Blood Killing Sect disciples who are accustomed to that kind of fast command method. It will undoubtedly be a disaster.

Following Wen Wenhai's order, the Blood Killing Sect disciples who had been prepared for a long time immediately rushed towards the woods of the Asura Realm. They all formed a small team, either a few people, a small team, or dozens of people. A small group of people, or a small group of several hundred people, moved forward separately, and there was some cooperation between them, and they rushed directly into the woods.

As soon as they entered the woods, they immediately heard loud roars coming from above their heads, and then a gust of evil wind hit them from above their heads. When everyone looked up, they found a An Asura jumped down from above his head and attacked them.

These Asuras are all low-level Asuras, the Asuras with three eyes and six arms or the Asuras with four eyes and six arms. Although these Asuras are the lowest Asuras, they are all about ten meters tall and powerful. It is also very powerful. Now that it is pounced from a high place, it is really condescending and takes full advantage of the location.

However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all experienced in many battles. They all know what to do, so they reacted immediately. Rivers of blood immediately appeared on the bodies of several Blood Killing Sect disciples, heading straight towards Asura bumped into it, and there was a loud bang. The disciple of the Blood Killing Sect was shot down to the ground, and the Asura also rolled and rolled far away, and then stopped, but it could be seen that, The Asura was not injured, because as soon as he landed, he roared and rushed over again.

At the same time, the same goes for other Blood Killing Sect disciples. They also encountered attacks from Asuras. Some teams only encountered one Asura, while some teams encountered attacks from several Asuras. Naturally, there were many casualties. It will inevitably happen. This is also a normal phenomenon. There may be no casualties in the war.

The battle was very fierce. Those Asuras themselves were warlike people. Once they took action, they would hardly retreat. Unless they received an order, otherwise they would keep fighting. That was when they attacked, and now The Blood Killing Sect was attacking, so they naturally refused to retreat. Each one of them fought desperately, and the result was naturally extremely fierce. The casualties suffered by the Blood Killing Sect's disciples were not small, and of course, Asura's casualties were also not small.

At this time, countless vines suddenly grew out from under the woods. As soon as these vines appeared, they were immediately attacked by the asuras. Those asuras obviously did not think of this. There were so many vines. Asura was immediately caught up in those vines, and then the vines were swung hard. Some of the asuras flew out directly, while some were directly hit by the vines and hit the tree. Their bones were broken at that time. The tendons were broken and it looked like he would not survive.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took the opportunity to kill them. As they attacked, the Asuras retreated steadily under the attack of the Blood Killing Sect disciples and those vines, and soon withdrew hundreds of miles away. But just after Asura withdrew from Baili, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect no longer attacked, but all stopped, guarding against those Asuras coming to attack.

At this time, some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect wearing blood-red monk robes appeared in the woods. Each of them held a Demon-Conquering Pestle in their hands. After they entered the woods, they immediately inserted the Demon-Conquering Pestle. On the ground, they began to chant sutras with their mouths closed. As the sutras were spoken, Buddha's light emerged from their bodies and the demon-conquering pestle. This Buddha's light slowly enveloped the entire forest.

As the Buddha's light shrouded the forest, all the plants in the forest began to emit clouds of black gas. The black gas seemed to be very reluctant to come out of the plants. They were all struggling, but in the end they were still The Buddha's light was forced out of the plant and disappeared between heaven and earth.

And those plants have all returned to their original appearance. There is a faint Buddha light shining through the trees, and the leaves have a layer of gold, which looks extremely beautiful, but at the same time it gives people a sense of tranquility. It is really surprising that a tree can give people such a sense of tranquility.

After all the plants turned into this, another group of Blood Killing Sect disciples rushed out. They sprinkled the seeds one by one on the ground, and then a burst of spiritual energy hit them. The seeds immediately They grew into big trees, vines, grasses and other plants. Almost in the blink of an eye, the woods became more dense.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were standing on the periphery, guarding against the Asura clan, had not moved. They were all looking quietly outside, guarding against Asura's attack. Naturally, those Asura who were forced to retreat also Seeing the reaction in the woods, they were all very surprised, but they also knew the purpose of killing the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were occupying the territory they had just conquered. Naturally, those Asuras were unwilling to do so. They tried several more counterattacks, but the results were not good. They were all repelled by the Blood Killing Sect disciples. With the planting of the Blood Killing Sect's war plants, the Asura clan's counterattack became even more fruitless, and in the end the Asuras could only retreat.

This time the Blood Killing Sect's attack did not use mushrooms, dodder or phantom beast insects. It relied on the attack of the Blood Killing Sect's disciples to defeat the Asura clan's defense. Of course, there was also the Babel Vine. However, even so, it also shows the progress of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect first faced the Asura clan, they seemed to be at a huge disadvantage. That was because they didn't know much about the Asura clan's fighting style. When facing the Asura clan, They didn't know how to attack, but after this period of fighting, and in the real illusion, they practiced again, how to fight when facing the Asura clan, so they can now deal with Asura It's really easy to come together as a family.

The fighting power of the Asura clan, if one-on-one, is indeed much stronger than that of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Ordinary Asuras have the strength of the true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and the stronger Asuras are all With the strength of the core disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and even some ordinary elders, such fighting power is indeed very strong.

But the Blood Killing Sect is not weak, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not weak either. Some time ago, in the Yaksha Realm, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been practicing for a long time, especially people. The physical training also allowed them to understand the skills better, and also allowed many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to learn the blessings of the skills. With the blessing of the skills, the strength of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will naturally increase. It has improved a lot.

Moreover, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect often fought together in the past. Although they used the battle method at that time, they also needed to cooperate with each other. They had a tacit understanding, and the Asura clan often attacked alone. , even if several people attack together, the admiration between them is not as good as that of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not suffer any disadvantages against the Asura clan.

It is precisely because of these reasons that this time the Blood Killing Sect faced off against the Asura clan. Even without mushrooms and other methods that could destroy the Asura clan's black smoke shield, the Asura clan was beaten back. Now the Blood Killing Sect has defeated the Ashura clan. The disciples of the Asura clan are no longer at a disadvantage when facing off against the Asura clan. Even without the Heaven-Bearing Vine, they can repel the Asura clan. After all, the number of the Asura clan is much lower than that of the Blood Killing Sect. .

The Tongtian Vine is also of great help to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that the Tongtian Vine was the most popular war plant used by Zhao Hai before. This kind of war plant has been improved many times and is now very perfect. Their It grows very fast, is very flexible, and is also very tough. It is a very difficult war plant to deal with. With the help of this kind of war plant, the Asura clan will naturally not be able to get away with it.