c7351 power

After hearing what Chang Jun and the others said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but nodded secretly. They had really ignored the giant beast clan of the Blood Killing Sect before. When they fought against the Asura clan before, they even let the giant beast take action once. It is indeed a bit of a waste to not use it now.

When he thought of this question, Wen Wenhai suddenly thought of another question. He immediately turned to look at Shu Li and said: "Shen Li, I remember that your alien clan seems to have the ability to jointly attack, right? There are many combinations of the alien clan. Together, they form a big alien and then attack the enemy? Do you have this ability?"

Shu Li was stunned for a moment. He really didn't expect that Wen Wenhai would suddenly ask this question, but he still nodded and said: "It is true that we have this ability, but we rarely use it. Because of this ability, there is a big shortcoming, that is, once we join together to form a larger alien, we cannot bring out all the powers of the ordinary aliens that make up the big alien. We can only find about three or four floors, so we rarely use them, which is such a waste."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "It doesn't matter, what's the waste? This time the Asura clan is so big. If you don't group together, how will you deal with them? And the ordinary alien clan has no way to use the nephrite vine belt." , if you want to fight against the Asura clan, it is best to use this method, otherwise you may not have many chances to take action in the future. Didn’t you say that you want to participate in the war? It is not easy to participate in the battle in this way. Okay?"

When Shun Li heard what Wen Wenhai said, he also nodded. He knew what Wen Wenhai meant. It was not that Wen Wenhai was unwilling to let them participate in the war, but that now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could compete with the Asura clan one on one. It's a fight. In this case, the alien clan is not as strong as the Asura clan. If you want to fight against Asura, it will be even more difficult. Your strength is not enough, not only will it not be helpful in the battle, On the contrary, it will become a drag, and naturally there will be no chance to take action.

But if they unite, the situation will be different. If they unite and become a big alien, then they can fight head-on with the Asura clan. It is not bad to participate in the war in this way, so Shu It was so severe that there was no objection.

As soon as he saw Shu Li nodding, Wen Wenhai turned to face the old man: "Old leader, I leave the battle plan to you. You have to take everything we said before into consideration. This time we We must give the Asura clan a surprise and let them know how powerful we are."

The elder of the formation nodded, and then said to Wen Wenhai: "Okay, don't worry, we will definitely consider it." The elder of the formation is very good at commanding battles, and his thinking is also very meticulous, so let him It is really appropriate for him to command the staff department.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then glanced at the others and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then this matter is settled. The rest of the matter will be left to the boss. The Zhan Zhi Fortress outside has not been completed yet. We You also need to pay attention, Lao Hu, do you have anyone left there?" Wen Wenhai was naturally talking about Hu Changfeng. He was asking Hu Changfeng if he had left a few teams of people to protect the blood killers who were still building a war plant fortress. Disciple of the sect.

Hu Changfeng nodded and said: "Don't worry, we have already retained people. Now we have a thousand-man team that can be used to fight. There are a hundred people. I have ten left outside, and there are forty teams on standby. The remaining fifty teams , are training, and will be rotating in a few days. I think that if there are fifty teams outside, it should be enough. The remaining people will continue to train, so that we can slowly increase the number of people. The more people there are, the better we will be. The more power you can exert, the more powerful you will be.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "I won't care about this aspect. You are responsible for everything. You just need to be careful not to make mistakes. In my opinion, ten teams of people outside are enough, but It is also necessary to keep the fifty teams. After all, we can’t say yet how strong you are. You will have to fight against the masters of the Asura clan to know.”

Hu Changfeng responded, but he didn't say anything. After all, he is also a core elder and has a high status in the Blood Killing Sect. Wen Wenhai can't order them when he is not directing the battle, so he is now responsible. He didn't think there was anything wrong with this matter.

Seeing that Hu Changfeng agreed, Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, let's go back first and be prepared. We will attack the Asura clan in the next few days. Everyone must be prepared." Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted Wen Wenhai, and then turned and left.

Wen Wenhai stopped Chang Jun and Hu Changfeng, and the three of them came to Wen Wenhai's study. After sitting down, a puppet servant brought them spiritual tea. Wen Wenhai took a sip of the spiritual tea, and then turned to face Hu Changfeng said: "Old Hu, how powerful is the combined attack of your techniques? Can you tell me in detail?"

Hu Changfeng also took a sip of the spiritual tea. When Wen Wenhai said this, he also nodded, then put down the spiritual tea and said: "To be honest, the idea of ​​​​merging skills and blessings into attacks, at first I just thought I came up with it in a flash of inspiration. As for the effect, I really didn't dare to think too much at the time. I just thought that this might be a way to go. During this training, I found that this way is very feasible. , our blood-killing sect's technique seems to be very suitable for this method. We initially tried many methods, such as using fantasy beast insects to notify everyone to use the technique together, or shouting slogans loudly to use the technique together. We have tried all these methods, but to be honest, the results are not ideal."

Speaking of this, Hu Changfeng also had a look of pain on his face. It was obvious that he was also in great pain when conducting those experiments, because no one had ever used this method before, and no one had even thought of it, and this was their first time. Using it and testing it for the first time is equivalent to starting everything from scratch. You can imagine the hardships involved.

After a while, Hu Changfeng took a deep breath, and then said: "Then we discovered that this method didn't seem to work, because if we want to combine everyone's skills and blessings, the first and most important thing is , it requires the unification of the energy frequency, and this energy frequency is actually very difficult to unify. Everyone has his own frequency when practicing, even if it is the same method, if you want to achieve the energy frequency It is also very difficult to unify, so our research at that time can be said to have fallen into a bottleneck."

Speaking of this, Hu Changfeng's face once showed a look of pain. After a while, he continued: "Later we thought of a way, that is to ask the people from Shenji Hall to help. They study the magic circle every day. For We should have a very good understanding of the frequency of energy. We would like to ask them for help to see if we can measure the energy frequency of each of us, and then make a comparison to find common ground. Then we If we all work toward this common ground little by little, we may be able to achieve the results we want.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned. He looked at Hu Changfeng and said, "Lao Hu, you are saying that when you were studying the skills and blessings and merging the attack, the people from Shenji Hall were also involved? Why didn't Lao Wen tell us?" Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that the success of this method would be attributed to the Shenji Hall. This was something he didn't expect.

Hu Changfeng smiled bitterly and said: "To be honest, we all really underestimated the Shenji Hall. The things those guys in the Shenji Hall have researched are really all kinds of weird, and there are all kinds of them. And I said , they actually have something that can measure energy frequency, and it is much better than I thought, because many of their researches require that kind of thing, so they also have something that can measure energy frequency. , with the help of that thing, our progress suddenly accelerated. After their measurement, they found out what the energy frequency of each of us is, and then through preliminary statistics, those energy frequencies among us were Similar people form a team, but we are worried that there are too many people and it is difficult for us to control, so we tentatively decided to form a team of 1,000 people. In this way, we have a goal and an instruction point. So it becomes easier when you practice.”

Having said this, Hu Changfeng finally showed a happy smile on his face, and he continued: "When we controlled the frequency of energy in a similar area, we started to practice together. From the beginning, everyone thought Experiment to see who can integrate with whose skills and blessings more easily. Each one can be integrated one by one. Just test slowly in this way, and eventually every thousand-man team can do it, and the skills and blessings are all integrated together. , and then the person with the strongest energy among them takes the lead and directs everyone's energy. Because our energy is all combined, we have not encountered any difficulties in directing. As long as the directing As soon as one person moves, other people will be moved immediately and follow suit, so it is really very easy to command."

When Hu Changfeng said this, he couldn't help but show a look of pride on his face, and then said: "The next step is a lot of practice time. After many times of practice, we can do it now. In a thousand-man team, within ten breaths, everyone's skills and blessings can be integrated together. And once the skills and blessings of us people are integrated together, the power is also very huge. I won't take anything else. To compare, let’s make a comparison with people like us. The power of the blessings of a thousand-man team when combined together is equivalent to the power of fifty people of our level taking action at the same time, and the power of the action is still the same. How about the power when combined together? What do you think?"

Although what Hu Changfeng said was a bit troublesome, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun immediately understood what he meant, and both of them couldn't help but shine. If it is really what Hu Changfeng said, then the combat effectiveness of this thousand-man team, It's really quite good.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.