c7359 response

Zhen Lao's face was also very gloomy, and he said solemnly: "These two possibilities do exist. If that is the case, then we must be even more careful, but if we attack with all our strength now, it is obviously not very good. It's appropriate. If we attack with all our strength now, the enemy's masters will have a great chance to take action. In addition, we don't understand the enemy's weapon at all. If the enemy's weapon can avoid ours, If we use sonic weapons, our casualties will only be greater, and we must find another way."

Everyone nodded, and everyone's face lost expression. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Hall Master Hu, I have a task for you in Lingzhi Hall. You must use this as your idea. , go study it carefully." After saying that, Wen Wenhai took out a jade slip and threw it directly to Hu Wei, who was attending the meeting.

Hu Wei had been busy before and didn't go to the front line to see the big pit. Naturally, she didn't know what Mr. Zhen and the others said, so she was a little surprised to be named now. Then she took the jade slip and looked at it. After taking a look at the contents of the jade slip, his eyes couldn't help but light up. Then she stood up and said to Wen Wenhai, "Yes, please don't worry, Elder Wen. After we return, we will immediately organize manpower and do our best research."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he turned to look at the master of the Spirit Beast Hall. There really was no outstanding person in the Blood Killing Sect’s Spirit Beast Hall. The master of the Spirit Beast Hall also But it was a core elder who served as the leader. Wen Wenhai said to the leader of the Spirit Beast Hall: "The Spirit Beast Hall should also increase its research on spirit beasts. I found that the runes and magic circles in the spirit beasts' bodies seem to be the same. It can be used, and the restrictions are not very big. You have to work hard."

The leader of the Spiritual Beast Hall responded, and then Shu Li stood up and said in a deep voice: "Elder Wen, I feel that the potential of our alien race has not been stimulated. We, the alien race, can absorb other races. Genes evolve, and we only take the advantages of other monsters. Take this sonic attack as an example. In our Blood Killing Sect, there are still many monsters that can use sonic attacks. If we can By absorbing those abilities that can use sound waves to attack monsters, then my alien clan can also use sound waves to attack. I think we still have a big advantage in this regard."

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes lit up. He looked at Shu sternly and said, "Yes, your idea is very good. Let's do this. In the recent period, you and I must cooperate more with the Spiritual Beast Hall, and try our best to It is possible to improve the strength of the alien clan. I hope that one day, your alien clan will have a variety of races that can adapt to various environments. This is very important to us."

Shu Li responded solemnly, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Okay, I'll leave these two things to you. Let's talk about the weapons of the Asura clan and the purpose of the Asura clan. Everyone. Let’s talk about what you think about this matter.”

Everyone was silent for a while, and finally the leader spoke first: "I think we really don't have a good solution to this matter now. Why do we say that? It's because we don't have any idea about the enemy's weapons. According to my research, I don’t even know what this weapon is. If the enemy’s weapon is a magic circle weapon, then it may not be a bad thing for our Blood Killing Sect. If If this weapon is not a magic circle weapon, then what kind of weapon is it? This makes me very curious."

No one interrupted, everyone listened quietly to what Elder Zhen said. Elder Zhen then said: "I think we should focus on developing our own strength now. We should make ourselves stronger first. The attack can be stopped for a while, and the enemy can be released. We still don’t know the purpose of this weapon. Whether they really want to kill us on a large scale or delay our attack, they don’t want us to attack now, so we might as well just let them go. If they are satisfied, we will not attack. We will work hard to develop and make ourselves stronger. When we are ready, no matter what means they use, we can deal with them."

Wen Wenhai also knows that the method adopted by Zhen Lao is the only method among all methods. It is to adapt to all changes without changing. This is the method without any method. If you have a way to deal with the other party, wouldn't it be simple? Just target the opponent's weakness and attack it. It is precisely because you have no way to deal with the opponent's weakness that you can only cope with the changes by staying the same.

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai could only nod his head and said: "It seems like this can only be the case now, but now there is good news, that is, the other party may not know about the Zerg's underground base yet, which is very important to us. , is a very favorable condition, and now we are even more unable to expose the underground base of the Zerg."

Everyone nodded, and Chang Jun said: "If the Zerg underground base is to be used in the future, it must be used in our base, so that our Buddha power plants can block the enemy's mental power, leaving them helpless. When we discover our underground base, unless the enemy's master takes action when we attack the enemy, otherwise, we must not expose our underground base. We must also keep a trump card in our hands."

Everyone responded, and Wen Wenhai continued: "But this time, we have to take over the three hundred miles of territory. The enemy's layout here has been destroyed by us. We have lost so much. Alien Yaksha, now that place is safe, we must not let go of that territory. We must take him over and take action immediately. We must turn it into a war plant fortress in the shortest possible time. Absolutely We can't give the enemy a chance." When he said this, Wen Wenhai was full of energy. He was really angry this time. The methods used by the enemy this time were really ruthless. If the boss didn't feel that Otherwise, their loss this time would be too great. Wen Wenhai couldn't even imagine how he would explain to Zhao Hai if they really suffered such a big loss.

Everyone's mood is similar to Wen Wenhai's. Although Wen Wenhai is the current commander of the headquarters, all their elders are involved in the decision-making. If something goes wrong, then all of them are responsible. , so what happened this time was definitely not only Wen Wenhai’s business, but also their business, so when Wen Wenhai said this, everyone responded loudly.

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and said: "Okay, let's all go back. In the recent period, we will not attack for now. We will talk about the progress of the research on the Spiritual Plant Beast and the Spiritual Beast Hall later. At the same time, we also want to see Look, I really don’t believe what those guys from the Asura clan want to do. With the temper of those guys, they will always live in peace with us. When we are ready, they even want to live in peace with us. , we haven’t done it yet.”

Everyone responded, then stood up, turned around and left. After everyone left, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath. Then he turned his head and glanced at Chang Jun, who had not yet left, and smiled bitterly. : "I really didn't expect that something like this would happen. Our attack stopped again. To be honest, I really can't help but kill all those Asuras myself. It's so hateful."

Chang Jun smiled slightly and said: "Okay, don't be so anxious, just take your time. There is nothing to be nervous about. If you really want to wipe out the Asura clan so quickly, they would have taken action long ago. , it’s still our turn, the boss just wants us to face various environments, after passing through the two interfaces of the Yaksha Realm and the Asura Realm, have you discovered anything?”

When Wen Wenhai heard what Chang Jun said, he was slightly stunned at first, and then he couldn't help but think deeply. After a while, he turned to look at Chang Jun and said, "What do you mean?" He actually thought about it a little bit, but He didn't know if Chang Jun was thinking the same thing as him.

Chang Jun looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "Weapon." He didn't say much, only said two words, but these two words already explained everything, because after Wen Wenhai heard these two words, , couldn't help but his eyes lit up, and then he looked at Chang Jun and said: "That kind of weapon of mass destruction?"

Chang Jun nodded and said in a deep voice: "The Yaksha clan has a trap array, and the Asura clan also has similar weapons. The power of this weapon is really huge, but our Blood Killing Sect does not have such a weapon. , although many sects do not have this kind of weapon, you can also see how big the difference is between having this kind of weapon and not having this kind of weapon. Without this kind of weapon, we are probably still attacking now. The Shura clan is not forced to stop, this is the biggest difference."

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "You are right. This kind of weapon is indeed very important. Having this kind of weapon is equivalent to having a sharp sword hanging over the enemy's head. For a force, this is really important." It's very important. Let's do this. Let's tell Lao Wen about this matter and let them study it carefully. Although our Blood Killing Sect also has Mantianhuo made of trap formations, it has too many restrictions. It’s still not easy to use, we must have a powerful weapon that can be used under any conditions.”

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Just inform Lao Wen and the others. I think Lao Wen and the others will not relax their research on this weapon. After all, for them, this is a huge challenge." Chang Jun It is very clear that although various things can be researched at Shenji Hall, how to make weapons stronger has always been their biggest pursuit. Maybe they have been conducting research in this area. Well, it’s just that they don’t know.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I'm going to inform Lao Wen and the others that we have to be prepared recently and never give the enemy any chance. If the Asura clan wants us not to attack, we can just follow their wishes. I'm here I want to see what tricks they can come up with." After saying that, Wen Wenhai snorted coldly and walked out.