c7358 discuss

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun, the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect, all stood on the edge of the woods with ugly faces. Many trees here have fallen, and there are still some blood stains on the ground. In the previous explosion, the Blood Killing Sect There were also some casualties among the disciples of the sect, and those alien yakshas, ​​those war plants, and even those phantom beast insects that entered the woods were not spared. They were all dead. There was no way they could not avoid death. , because in front of Wen Wenhai and the others, not far away, there is a large pit. The diameter of this pit reaches about a hundred miles, and the depth reaches about ten miles. The most important thing is that all the people around this pit All the trees have disappeared. Only some plants near the Blood Slaughter Sect base still remain, but they are already swaying and it seems that they will not survive.

The energy shock wave of this explosion has been affecting within ten miles of the Blood Killing Sect's base. Many Blood Killing Sect disciples were blown away by this shock wave and hit trees. The injured ones, those disciples who were close to the edge of the base, were directly killed by the shock wave, and now they have become the undead clan.

Wen Wenhai looked at the big pit not far away, his expression extremely ugly. After a while, he finally said: "I really didn't expect that the Asura clan would have such powerful weapons. The most terrifying thing is that we didn't find it. Where is this kind of weapon? This kind of weapon has no energy fluctuations at all. If the boss of the formation hadn't asked us to conduct a final test, we would have been fooled by now. If our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really If a large number of people enter here, our casualties this time will be too great."

Everyone's faces became extremely ugly, because they thought of a very terrible consequence. In the face of such an explosion, I am afraid that your body will be completely wiped out, and it is hard to say whether the soul imprint can be preserved. , If you don't do it, you will really die. This kind of weapon of the Asura clan is really terrible.

Wen Wenhai turned his head and glanced at the crowd, then burst into laughter. He looked at the crowd and said, "But fortunately, now we know that the enemy has this kind of weapon. This is good news for us. But Shu Li, your losses this time are not small."

Shu Da said calmly: "This is what our alien clan does. If we don't die, do we have to let others die? If we, the alien clan, die, we can have spiritual intelligence. For us, this is the opposite. It's a good thing, this time we have prevented a disaster for the disciples of the sect, and our death is worth it."

Wen Wenhai didn't say anything, just patted Shen Li on the shoulder, and then said in a deep voice: "Anyway, we are really in danger this time. No one could have imagined that the Asura clan would be so insidious. Their This weapon looks very much like the trap array used by the Yasha clan, but it seems to be more powerful, what do you think?"

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "The power is almost the same, but the concealment seems to be stronger. We still haven't discovered what the enemy's weapon is. Can't we use the power of the magic circle here?" Say, the Asura clan can use the magic circle? Is it a special magic circle that we don’t know about?"

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "I also have a headache about this problem. This time we can be said to be very lucky, but what about next time? If the people of the Asura clan are really cruel enough, will they When fighting us, use this kind of weapon and die with us. If that is really the case, wouldn’t we be in danger?”

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone's expressions turned ugly. Just like Wen Wenhai said, if the Asura clan is ruthless enough, they can use this kind of weapon to die with them. If the Asura clan If they are prepared, then they only need to sacrifice a small number of people to directly make the Blood Killing Sect pay a very heavy price.

At this time, the leader of the formation said: "Elder Wen, I think we must give orders to Lingzhi Hall now. Their current research is too purposeless. We must let them conduct research on Zhanzhi with a purpose. At least here in the Asura world, they must study the same war plants that are more useful to us."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then faced the old man with some confusion: "What does Mr. Zhen mean?" He really didn't understand what Mr. Zhen meant. Lingzhi Hall has done very well in recent times. Ah, why does Mr. Zhen still seem to be very dissatisfied and still say this?

The boss of the formation said in a deep voice: "Energy weapons, none of our energy weapons can be used now, but the magic circles in plants can be used, so why don't we let the people from Lingzhi Hall do more research on how to release energy? What about the war plants? Just like the Gangfeng Tree clan? If our war plants can release energy and carry out long-range attacks, then we don’t have to worry about this problem?"

Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but be startled when they heard what Zhen Lao said. Then Wen Wenhai slammed the table hard and said in a deep voice: "Yes, it's not wrong at all. The Gangfengshu clan can use Gangfeng, so why? Others Plants cannot use energy weapons. If other plants can use energy weapons, it will definitely be good news for our Blood Killing Sect, yes, that’s right.”

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "If our Zhan Zhi can really use energy weapons, then it will be easier for us to deal with the Asura clan in the future. It is best to come up with a weapon that can War plants using sonic weapons would be even better."

Wen Wenhai said: "Let's go back and discuss it. Call Hu Wei, we have to have a good discussion with him. By the way, there are also people from the Spirit Beast Hall. We have to study it carefully. Let's go." Everyone responded and followed Wen Wenhai back.

This time the enemy suddenly came up with such a powerful weapon, which really surprised the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Although this weapon only exploded one this time, it was really powerful. The Yaksha clan's trap array is the same, but this weapon is more difficult to detect than the trap array, which gives Wen Wenhai and the others a headache.

After the group returned to the hall of the Blood Killing Castle, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "I think everyone knows what happened this time. The Asura clan suddenly took out that powerful weapon. This should be for us. A kind of warning. If we attack, they may use that kind of weapon to deal with us. At this point, we must be careful. Everyone thinks that the Asura clan has any other intentions. You can say it.”

Baiyan stood up and said in a deep voice: "The Asura clan suddenly took out this weapon instead of letting their masters deal with us. This seems to be reasonable, but it is different from the previous Asura clan. The performance is a little different. If the Asura clan had prepared to use this weapon to deal with us before, then their masters would not have taken action easily. But before, their masters wanted to take action against us. It was stopped by the sect leader. Now that we have been attacking, they no longer take action, but use this kind of weapon. There is something wrong with this in itself. I think there must be a problem here, and the problem is very likely to be Appear on their weapons."

When Bai Yan said this, everyone was stunned. They really didn't think of this before. They just thought about how difficult this weapon was to deal with and how powerful it was, but they didn't think about why the Asura clan had done it before. Instead of using this weapon to deal with them, it's a bit weird to use it now.

Now that Bai Yan said this, everyone thought of this, and they suddenly felt that this matter was not easy. At this time, Gu Yuanzheng also stood up, and he said in a deep voice: "I think there are two possibilities for the Asura clan to do this. First, they were testing weapons. They may not have had such weapons before, so their masters They just took action. This kind of weapon was recently developed by them, but they may not be sure of its power, so they took it out for a test. It is best to succeed, and there is no loss if it fails. This possibility exists. "

Everyone nodded and looked at Gu Yuanzheng, waiting for him to continue. Gu Yuanzheng looked at everyone and continued: "The second possibility is that they want to use this weapon to hold us back. They may be preparing something to use against us now. They don't want us to attack. Too fast. If they let their masters take action at this time, it may directly trigger an all-out war between us. I think facing this kind of all-out war, not only are we not ready, they may not be ready either. So they still need to prepare now, and preparation takes time, so they took out this weapon to delay us and buy them more time."

Everyone fell into deep thought. They had never thought of these two reasons mentioned by Gu Yuanzheng before, but now that they heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, they felt that it made sense. At this time, Bai Yan continued to speak: "Perhaps there are both reasons. The Asura clan may not have much confidence in this weapon from the beginning. If they really learned about our blood killing from the Yasha clan, Sect, you should know that our Blood Killing Sect is developing very fast. It is actually very difficult to use this weapon to deal with us. If they release this weapon directly after they have developed it, it will be to delay The purpose of housing us is to prevent us from attacking them, so that they can prepare with peace of mind. As for what they are preparing for, I really don’t know.”

Wen Wenhai said with a gloomy face: "What you said is very possible. We have to guard against these. We would rather think of the enemy as more cunning than think of the enemy as a fool. If we think of the enemy as a fool, Then we must be the ones who suffer in the end. If things are really like what Elder Gu and Elder Bai said, then what should we do next? What do you think?"