c7356 no one

Every monk has a morbid pursuit of changes in his own strength. Without such pursuit, they would not be able to become monks. However, after arriving at the Blood Killing Sect, they found that they could change after just practicing. It's easy to relax, all kinds of materials are available, and various exercises can be chosen at will. Even if they can't choose the top exercises, their current exercises are very good, and the sect will tailor them for them. It is very crucial to make a training plan, which makes their training speed much faster.

But it is precisely because of this favorable training environment that their minds have become a little slack. It is also precisely because of this favorable training environment that they have become afraid of death. They want to live a better life. Because as long as they live, they can get such a good training environment, they will continue to make progress, and they will eventually live forever.

In the past, when they had not joined the Blood Killing Sect, they might have fought tooth and nail for an illusory opportunity. They might have fought to the death for a treasure. But after joining the Blood Killing Sect, they would have discovered that the previous How stupid this is. In the Blood Killing Sect, as long as you practice step by step, as long as you don't die, you will live forever. So in this case, how could they still be willing to fight? It's like a rich person is more afraid of death than a poor person, because they can get more things, so they cherish their lives more.

It is precisely because of such a psychological change that the mentality of the disciples in the Blood Killing Sect has changed greatly. The former disciples who had great emotional changes and almost went crazy were also partly due to this. , but people didn’t think about it at that time.

Then the various benefits of the Blood Killing Sect changed to a certain extent. From the original peace, they became a bit competitive. If you don't work hard, you won't be able to compare with others. Your friends are almost as talented as you in training. , but if he works hard, he gets more, and his strength improves faster, but you are always inferior to him. This is something that no one can bear. It is precisely because of this that he kills with blood. The current sense of competition has also been provoked, so now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect want to make themselves stronger.

If you want to become stronger, what should you do? In fact, it is very simple. In the Blood Killing Sect, there are originally regulations in this regard. If you have made meritorious service and completed the task, then you will naturally become stronger. All kinds of good things will naturally come to you. It can be in your hands, so now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are practicing hard and want to participate in the battle because they want to become stronger.

This situation became even more obvious when it came to the Asura Realm. When the Blood Killing Sect entered the Asura Realm and discovered that the magic circle could not be used in the Asura Realm, all the disciples they recruited were physical Those who are outstanding in cultivation, and those disciples will perform meritorious service after participating in the battle, and will receive various rewards. In this way, it will naturally be easier for them to progress, and this will make it easier for those who failed to participate in the battle. , I am so jealous.

Now the rewards of the Blood Killing Sect will not be given directly in the form of physical objects. Instead, they will be given different amounts of contribution points according to their different merits, and then let them take these contribution points in exchange for Various materials will provide a more detailed treatment of their skills.

For example, two people killed an Asura together. One of them had been fighting Asura from the beginning to the end. He was the one who killed Asura in the end, while the other person came over halfway and assisted from the side. In this case, if we had rewarded them before, there would be no way to make it too perfect.

But now it is different. If this happens now, the disciple who has been fighting will get 80% of the reward for killing an Asura, and the person who assisted will get 20%. In this way, their rewards will be more detailed and will not cause dissatisfaction among the disciples.

In addition, here in the Asura world, fighting the Asura clan is really a rare training opportunity for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. When they fight with the Asura clan, they will maximize their benefits. Under such circumstances, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are naturally more willing to participate in the battle, because by participating in the battle, they can not only make themselves stronger, but also get rewards. Such a good thing So now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't have any resistance to fighting, on the contrary, they all have some expectations.

It is this change in mentality that makes the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, although they have rested well during these five days, they are always looking forward to fighting. In this case, it is naturally impossible for them to There were no mood swings as they were all waiting for the battle to begin.

On the fourth day, Wen Hai received a message from Hu Wei that the underground teleportation array had been arranged. This news was really important to Wen Hai and the others, because the success of this teleportation array meant that , it will be more convenient for the Blood Killer Sect to mobilize their troops, which is definitely a good thing for them.

Then Wen Hai immediately informed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect about the news, letting the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know about this matter. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also very surprised after learning about this matter. They did not I thought that the sect had solved the problem of the teleportation array so quickly.

For the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who are used to using the teleportation array, they will feel very inconvenient if they suddenly can't use the teleportation array. It's like a person who is used to riding the high-speed rail. You are asking him to suddenly Of course they wouldn't be used to riding in a carriage, and that was the case now.

Now it's finally better. They can finally use the teleportation array. Although they still can't use the portable teleportation array, they are already very happy. Of course, they now also know the use of Babel Vine, and they also know that it turns out that underground The base is such an existence.

When the day of the attack arrived, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were sent directly to the front line through the teleportation array. When they arrived at the front line, they immediately began to form a team. After the team was completed, they were ready to attack. This was much better than what they had done before. It’s much faster to move and requires less effort.

As soon as Wen Hai saw that everyone was ready, he directly ordered the attack without being polite. Following his order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed straight towards the territory of the Asura clan. As before, the ones rushing at the front were the Yasha clan, followed by the Giant Beast clan, and then the A disciple of the Blood Killing Sect.

But when the Yaksha clan and the giant beast clan rushed into the territory of the Asura clan, they suddenly discovered something different. They had rushed forward for a hundred miles, but they did not encounter a single Asura, except Apart from those plants, they didn't even encounter a single living thing, which surprised them all.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also rushed into Asura's territory. Naturally, they also discovered this love reward. When they discovered this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all stunned. They are all warriors with rich combat experience. When they saw this situation, their first feeling was not happiness, but fear. They felt that something bad might be going to happen, so they immediately Reported the news to Wen Hai.

After Wen Hai received the news, he was also stunned. His first reaction was similar to that of those disciples. They all felt that something was wrong. He immediately ordered all disciples to stop advancing and immediately retreated to the base of the Blood Killing Sect. All the giant beasts also retreated, leaving only the alien Yakshas on Asura's territory.

The alien yaksha are all people who have not yet developed their spiritual wisdom. They don’t know what fear is at all. Therefore, after they entered the territory of Asura, they did not encounter an enemy, and they did not feel anything was wrong. They were still there. He stopped and rushed forward. After Shun Li got the order, he immediately ordered the Yaksha to rush out three hundred miles, and then stopped. He wanted to see if there were any people within these three hundred miles. There is really no one from the Asura clan.

The fact was really as he thought. Within these three hundred miles, there was really no one from the Asura clan. Shu Li immediately told Wen Hai the news, and Wen Hai was standing in command at this time. In the hall, listening to Shun Li's report, Wen Hai couldn't help but frowned after Shun Li finished his report. He turned to Chang Jun and said, "Old Chang, what do you think?"

Chang Jun also frowned, thought for a while, and then said in a deep voice: "Although I don't know why the enemy ran away, I just feel that it is not suitable for our disciples to enter Asura's territory now. I think it is better to let them go like this. The phantom beast insect brings the war plant seeds into Asura's territory, then plants the seeds, activates them, and first turns the place into a war plant fortress."

Wen Hai was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "Okay, but in this case, the plants there still have not turned into Buddhist plants. This won't work. In this way, let those Buddhist disciples input a trace of Buddhist power into the Demon-Conquering Pestle, Then put the demon pestle on the enemy's territory and turn those plants into Buddhist plants. Although this may be a little slower, it is the safest way. If by that time, nothing happens. If so, let Cang Ming and the others place some Babel vines from the ground and put them on the ground. As long as the arrangements are completed, no matter what the enemy's plot is, we can deal with it."

Chang Jun nodded, feeling that Wen Hai's approach was indeed the safest way. Wen Hai turned his head and glanced at the boss, who said in a deep voice: "Okay, our staff also has the same opinion." Now at the headquarters. , the significance of the staff department is also particularly valued, because the people in the staff department have performed really well recently, and their opinions are increasingly valued, so when fighting, the bosses will usually follow In Wen Hai's capacity, he directly informed Wen Hai of the staff's opinions to help Wen Hai direct the battle.