c7354 After the war

The masters of the Asura clan did not take action this time, which not only surprised Wen Wenhai, but also everyone else. They all did not understand that they had captured a thousand Asuras in one fell swoop. In this territory, why didn’t the masters from the Asura world take action? This is a little different from the behavior of those masters in the Asura world. In the past, they would take action for trivial matters, but this time, they have not taken action until now. This is too strange.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "No matter why the masters of the Asura clan didn't take action this time, they will definitely take action in the future. If they don't take action this time, they may take action next time. If they don't take action next time, they will take action next time." They will take action, they will not watch us keep attacking, so Lao Hu, you must not take it lightly, do you understand?"

Hu Changfeng responded without saying anything. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "There is actually nothing to summarize about this battle. Everyone did very little. The Yaksha clan can be regarded as the scouts, and the giant beasts can be regarded as the scouts." The vanguard, followed by the army, advanced very fast, and the damage to the enemy was also very huge. I had people plan it before. In this battle, we killed a total of more than 500,000 Asuras. .”

As soon as they heard what Hu Changfeng said, everyone was stunned at first, and then they all cheered. It seems that the number of five hundred thousand is not a lot. Compared with them in the Yaksha world, they can kill millions of enemies in one move. Tens of millions of Yaksha seem to be worth mentioning at all, but these Asuras are not so easy to deal with. They are not very strong, and there are not many of their own kind. In addition, this is still happening in the woods. Fighting, if the fighting environment is like this in the Yasha world, it is absolutely impossible for them to wipe out millions of Yashas in one battle.

Now they have lost half a million Asuras in one battle. Such a result has made them very happy. Of course, everyone has reason to cheer. Wen Wenhai also clapped his hands, and then he pressed his hands down, and everyone stopped. Wen Wenhai then said: "This battle will consume a lot of disciples of our Blood Killing Sect, so I am prepared to let Let’s take a five-day break and have a good rest. After five days, we will attack the Asura clan, and the next attack distance is tentatively set at three hundred miles. What do you think?”

As soon as Wen Wenhai finished speaking, everyone started whispering. They were not opposed to Wen Wenhai's decision to attack five days later, but they felt that the attack distance of three hundred miles was a bit too close. This time their attack was so It went smoothly, but Wen Wenhai's next attack was only three hundred miles away, which was too far behind.

Gu Yuanzheng stood up first and said: "Elder Wen, is the attack distance of three hundred miles a little too close? Our attack this time was so smooth. Even if we don't attack a thousand miles next time, I think five hundred miles There is no problem, three hundred miles, is this distance too close?" Everyone else nodded, obviously very much agreeing with Gu Yuanzheng's words.

Wen Wenhai glanced at them, and then said: "I know everyone thinks that the attack distance of three hundred miles is a bit too close, but I also decided this distance based on the performance of the disciples this time. You may think I feel strange. The disciples performed very well and the attack went so smoothly. Why did I decide to only attack three hundred miles next time? But no one noticed the time it took for our attack this time, nor did they notice the disciple's attack. The state after that.”

Having said this, Wen Wenhai paused for a moment, and then said: "Our attack time this time, even if we don't count the time it took to improve the plants and build the battle fort, it also took twelve hours. These twelve hours During the hour, our disciples did not have any time to practice. All the time was spent in fighting. Twelve hours of non-stop fighting, and it was such a high-intensity fighting. It can be said that all the disciples have already Reaching the limit, under normal circumstances, they would never have been able to persevere, but this time because they were playing crazy and too excited, they persevered and performed so well. But we can't count on the disciples, they are in this state every time. What if their state is not very good next time? What if their attack at the next moment will not go so smoothly? What if next time, they encounter the most tenacious enemy? What about the offensive? Can they maintain such a good fighting condition for such a long time? The answer is no, it is absolutely impossible."

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, with a pensive look on their faces. They were thinking about Wen Wenhai's words. Wen Wenhai continued: "After the war, you may not have noticed the state of those disciples, but I did. Here, why am I fighting soldiers? I immediately ordered them to enter the Blood Killing Battle Fort to rest and recuperate, because they were already exhausted at that time. If they were not allowed to rest, hidden wounds might be formed in their bodies. , this is absolutely not possible, and this incident also proves one thing from another aspect, that is, our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are really too excited this time, and even stimulated their own potential in fighting, It's impossible to maintain this state for too long, otherwise they won't be able to stand it, and it's impossible for them to fight like this one every time, otherwise they won't be able to stand it either."

Having said this, Wen Wenhai paused for a moment, and then said: "Finally, I discussed it with Mr. Zhen, and after some analysis, we set the attack distance at three hundred miles. Three hundred miles is the limit for our Blood Killing Sect." The best distance for disciples to attack. Within the three hundred miles of attack distance, they are in the best condition and have the strongest offensive ability. No matter what kind of enemy they encounter, they can deal with it and advance and retreat freely, so I It was then decided to set the distance of this attack at three hundred miles."

Everyone nodded unconsciously. Only now did they understand why Wen Wenhai set the attack distance at three hundred miles after discussing it with the leader. So this time no one objected, and no one spoke. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "When our Blood Killer Sect is fighting, we always emphasize only one word, and that is stability, no matter what time it comes. , we should not forget this word, we should not forget this word stability."

Everyone agreed. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone with a smile on his face, and then said: "These five days of rest are just some adjustment time that I will give the disciples, and at the same time, I will also give them some time to adjust." Disciples who have problems with their condition will be transferred to the Yaksha Realm to rest. We will also transfer some disciples from the Yaksha Realm. This way we can always maintain our combat effectiveness. In the next few days, what everyone has to do is to pay attention to the disciples. As long as there is a problem with his condition, he must be immediately ordered to rest in the Xuanwu Space and then transfer people from the Xuanwu Space."

Everyone agreed. They really didn't notice this before. Now that Wen Wenhai said this, they had to pay attention. Every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is precious. They don’t want those disciples to have problems, and the state of the disciples is also very important. A person’s physical state will affect his mood. When the mood changes, the mood will naturally change. If there are a large number of disciples with mentality problems like last time, it will not be a small problem for the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "Okay, then it's settled. In five days, after five days, we will launch an attack on the Asura clan. Everyone should go back and prepare." Everyone responded and then stood up. He stood up, bowed to Wen Wenhai, then turned and left.

Wen Wenhai stopped both Hu Changfeng and Chang Jun. The three of them returned to Wen Wenhai's room. After drinking a cup of spiritual tea, Wen Wenhai put down the tea cup and said to Hu Changfeng with a solemn expression: "Old Hu, what's next? For a period of time, you must be careful. This time the masters of the Asura clan did not deal with us. Although I don’t know why they did it, I think they must have some reason. Maybe they want us to expand our territory. Some, this will make it even more difficult for the sect leader to protect us, and then attack us, killing us all at once, in a large area. In this case, it is up to you, because the enemy will either not attack, If you want to attack, you must be ruthless, so you must be careful."

Hu Changfeng also nodded solemnly and said: "I have also thought of this, so don't worry, we will be ready. Now one hundred strategic support teams are all ready, and everyone is ready Training has been canceled and we are ready to fight at any time.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, you just need to be prepared. I will notify Cang Ming and the others so that they can also be prepared to support us at any time. They must do it in the shortest possible time. Within, evacuate our disciples underground safely. I heard that they are building a teleportation array underground, and I hope it will succeed."

Chang Jun said: "I was about to talk about this before. Our Blood Killing Battle Fort is a bit far away from the front line now. The disciples want to return to our Blood Killing Battle Fort to rest and recuperate after the war. , it will take some time, because we can't use the teleportation array, we can only walk back, which wastes a lot of time, will not allow them to rest well, and will also cause problems in the connection between us and the front line. This matter The matter must be brought to our attention. If Cang Ming and the others can really create a teleportation array underground, can this matter be solved?"

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "That's true. If the teleportation array they built underground is really successful, then this matter can really be solved, but I think they are still very likely to succeed. They are The teleportation array made underground is made from a variant of the Optimus Tree. If the teleportation array is placed inside the Optimus Tree, there should be no problem."

When Chang Jun and Hu Changfeng heard what he said, they agreed and breathed a sigh of relief. They felt that if this was really the case,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.