c7353 Crazy

After everyone discussed it, it was found that there was no problem with this battle plan, and the next thing would be easy to handle. Wen Wenhai came down directly and had one day to prepare, and then he would attack the Asura clan. This day At this time, all Blood Killing Sect disciples must be prepared. Even those disciples who will not participate in the attack must be prepared to support the frontline battle at any time.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have actually been prepared for a long time. They are always ready to fight. Although they have defeated the enemy, they must prevent the enemy from resisting. Although if the enemy counterattacks, the first thing they have to face is Those war plants, but they must also be prepared.

It is precisely because of this that many Blood Killing Sect disciples are under a lot of pressure. People with less psychological endurance will not be able to bear this kind of pressure. Previously, Blood Killing Sect disciples were emotionally unstable, and with this This kind of pressure also has a lot to do with it, but this is war after all. It is impossible and undesirable to let the Blood Killing Sect disciples have no pressure at all, because if there is no pressure at all, then the Blood Killing Sect disciples will have no pressure at all. The disciple will become underestimating the enemy, which is not necessarily a good thing.

Zhao Hai had been paying attention to the movements of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Seeing that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were ready to attack, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. Then he raised his head and glanced at the Shura World. , in his eyes, a cold light flashed. He still remembered the threats that the masters of the Asura clan had made to him before. He was a very vengeful person. He had long wanted to deal with those guys, for the sake of the Blood Killing Sect. He finally tolerated the safety of his disciples. Now that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were ready to fight, he had nothing to worry about.

In fact, he is more confident than Hu Changfeng and the others. He has seen the training results of Hu Changfeng and the others. To be honest, the method of Hu Changfeng and the others is really good. Although the blood river they released can only defeat them for an hour. , but the power is very huge. Even if he confronts this blood river, it will take a lot of effort to clean it up. Let this blood river entangle the Asura clan, it is not a good thing. .

The Blood Killing Sect quickly prepared for the attack. It only took one day. After everyone was ready, Wen Wenhai ordered to rest for a night. They would not attack the Asura clan at night. It can be said that the Asura clan is at its strongest at night. Attacking the Asura clan at this time is a very unwise choice.

Early the next morning, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect got up early and made final preparations. After everything was ready, Wen Wenhai gave an order. All the Blood Killing Sect disciples raised their heads and glanced at the sky. Their eyes were all fascinated. The leaves were blocked, but the leaves could not block their mental power or their hearts. They could feel that Zhao Hai was sitting in the sky looking at them, which made the blood of the Blood Killing Sect disciples boil. , and then they shouted wildly and went straight to the Asura clan's territory to kill them.

This time, their goal is to capture the enemy's territory a thousand miles away. A thousand miles is not a small number, so their attack speed must be fast, and it must be the advancement of the entire army, and cannot cause a lone army to go deep, so Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are attacking, their connection with each other has never been broken.

The people of the Asura clan obviously did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would attack them so quickly and with such ferocity. The first one to attack was the Yasha clan. They were not grouped together, but in the small group. Form, he rushed directly into the Asura clan's territory. They knew that the Asura clan's people usually stayed in the trees, so he also entered the Asura clan's territory from the trees. First, in order to directly deal with The second reason for those Asura clan is to let the army behind know where the Asura clan people are hiding.

Each of their teams has twenty Yakshas, ​​and these twenty Yakshas can just form a giant Yaksha. This giant Yaksha will directly fight those of the Asura clan. This combination of the Yaksha clan Although the fighting method will greatly reduce their attack power, their attack power is actually very good. At least they can deal with those Asuras, which is more than enough.

The giant beasts that attacked next were ordinary giant beasts, giant stone bulls, alien beasts, and undead giant beasts. There were also very many of them. They directly followed the Yasha clan and rushed into Asura's territory. As long as They are the Asura clan on the ground, and they are all their targets.

Behind the giant beast are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also form a small team. Their progress is not slow. Along the way, as long as there is an Asura clan, they will immediately There will be people rushing to kill, and several people will besiege an Asura. Such a battle is like the autumn wind sweeping away fallen leaves, leaving the Asura clan with no way to react.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were fighting like crazy this time. They used to fly in the sky. For them, an attack distance of a thousand miles is really nothing. The flying speed is very fast, and it doesn't take long. In a long time, the distance of a thousand miles is reached, so the attack distance of a thousand miles can be easily accomplished.

But now they have no way to fly in the sky. They can only attack the Asura clan on the ground and advance while attacking. In this way, their attack speed is naturally impossible to compare with that in the sky. What can be done in one hour on the ground may take you ten hours.

But today, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were completely crazy. They were rushing forward. When they met the Asura clan, a few disciples immediately rushed to kill them, while the other disciples were still marching all the way. Moving forward, just like this, the attacks from the Blood Killing Sect disciples never stopped.

Even Zhao Hai rarely sees such attacks from the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They are completely crazy. They are advancing all the way, just like locusts passing through. As long as they are from the Asura clan, they will become With a magic pestle, this attack is like a tide, so wild.

Following the tide are the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The progress of these Buddhist disciples is much slower. Each of them brings some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Every time they advance, they must stop and chant. They continued to move forward like this, but they were like dye. After they passed by, the color of the woods was changing.

Behind these Buddhist disciples are the plant masters. If the Buddhist disciples are dyes, then these plant masters are the embroidery masters. On the territory occupied by the Blood Killing Sect, they embroidered various kinds of things at once. Various plants changed the territory of the Blood Killing Sect's War Territory into a completely different look.

This battle lasted for a total of twelve hours. After twelve hours, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect finally advanced thousands of miles and reached their scheduled attack distance. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cheered for a while, and then The defense began, and they wanted to protect the results of their battle.

Twenty hours later, the color of the thousand-mile land newly occupied by the Blood Killing Sect has changed. Those plants from the Asura world have turned into Buddhist plants. Not only has the color changed, but the energy inside has also changed. There is almost no way for the Asura clan to survive in such a forest. The uncomfortable feeling will drive them crazy.

Thirty hours later, the territory of the Blood Killing Sect's new war leader has completely turned into the Blood Killing Sect's war plant fortress. There will be no Asura clan members here. If the Asura clan members Anyone who dares to appear in this forest will be attacked immediately, and by this time, this operation is all over.

Wen Wenhai and the others, who had been paying attention to this operation, all let out a sigh of relief. They did not expect that this operation would be so smooth. Now when they saw that the operation was over, they all felt that their whole body Up and down, there was no place where I didn't feel tired, as if I had just fought with others for three days and three nights.

They all felt this way, not to mention the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so after Wen Wenhai felt what was happening to him, he immediately ordered that all the Blood Killing Sect disciples who participated in the battle should immediately return to the Blood Killing Battle. They were resting and recuperating in the fort. Even if there was a battle outside, there was no need for them to participate in the battle. They could just rest and recuperate.

Wen Wenhai and the others also rested for four hours. Then Wen Wenhai called all the core elders to the hall of the Blood Killing Castle. After everyone sat down, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice. He said: "This time our actions were very successful. Thirty hours of non-stop fighting finally allowed us to defeat the Asura clan and take over a thousand miles of territory. This is a great victory."

Smiles appeared on everyone's faces. Of course, this was a big battle. Even when they were taking action, they did not expect that this action would be so smooth. Even in the battle plan made by Zhen Lao and the others, They all had various ways to deal with when the attack went wrong, but they didn't expect that none of them would be used.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "All the disciples worked hard for this action, and it can be seen that they are very excited. To be honest, I really didn't expect that they went crazy and moved forward all the way. , the momentum is overwhelming, such a battle is rare among our Blood Killing Sect’s battles, I am really very happy.”

Everyone clapped their hands vigorously. They also knew the performance of the Blood Killing Sect disciples this time. They were also very proud, really very proud, so everyone had a smile on their face, a very happy smile, and Their eyes were full of pride. They felt that their efforts over the years had not been in vain. They also played a role in making the Blood Killing Sect what it is today.

Wen Wenhai pressed his hands down, and everyone stopped, and then continued: "What surprised me was that the masters of the Asura clan did not take action. This is something I did not expect. I have already done it. Okay, I asked the elders to prepare for the battle, but the opponent did not take action, which surprised me."