c7350 Summarize

The blessing of energy beasts is a kind of visible blessing, not the kind of invisible blessing. To be blessed by energy beasts, an energy beast must appear first, and then this energy beast will combine with the phantom beasts of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but It is just to let the spiritual intelligence of the fantasy beast control the body of the energy beast, and to fuse the energy beast with the bodies of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, allowing them to exert greater power, but this fusion is a kind of energy. The fusion is not a fusion of form. In other words, the energy of the Blood Killing Sect disciples and the energy of the energy beast are fused together, but the shape of the energy beast still has not entered the bodies of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Instead, it covered the bodies of the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

The bodies of the energy beasts are very huge. Now that they are covering the bodies of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the bodies of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are naturally completely covered, and their energy is different from the energy of the energy beasts. It is combined, so when they use sword skills, it looks like the energy beast is attacking, but the power of the energy beast's attack is the combination of the energy of the Blood Killing Sect disciples and the energy of the energy beast itself. Such an attack is very powerful.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fought against the Asura clan, where did they suffer the most? If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were asked to answer, they would definitely say that it was the difference in stature. There is nothing wrong with it. The shortest among the Asura clan is about ten meters. To put it bluntly, one of his feet is almost as tall as a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Facing such a giant, Blood It is very difficult for the disciples of the Killing Sect to deal with it.

The Asura clan has very strong bodies, strong defense, and very strong attack power. In addition, their bodies are very huge, so even if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attack them, as long as they don't hit the vital point, they will just be in trouble. There is only a wound left on their bodies. With the recovery energy of the Asura clan, they will recover quickly.

It is precisely because of this that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been at a great disadvantage when fighting against the Asura clan. In the end, they had to use Kung Fu blessings to deal with the Asura clan, and those disciples who did not know how to use Kung Fu blessings were in trouble. When fighting against the Asura clan, more people will naturally be needed to cooperate. Even so, the damage they can bring to the Asura clan is very limited.

But now that the energy beast appears and is blessed, it is different. Although the energy beast is an energy body, it also has an energy body. When they merge with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are equivalent to entering the body of the energy beast, and the bodies of the Blood Killing Sect energy beasts are all very huge, not much shorter than the Asura clan.

Even if some energy beasts are smaller in size, the ratio to the Asura clan is not as good as the ratio between a normal person and a dog raised at home. The difference will not be too big. In this way, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will be able to fight against the Asura clan. When the time comes, naturally you won’t suffer as much as before.

The most important thing is that the blessing of this kind of energy beast does not require the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to expend more energy. It is even a supplement to his spiritual energy, because the energy of these energy beasts is all provided by the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool, so Naturally, there will be no shortage of energy, and there is no need for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to input energy into the energy beasts, so their fighting endurance is even stronger.

So when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fought against the Asura clan this time, the Asura clan immediately felt the difference. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed toward them, they suddenly In a short time, they turned into ferocious beasts. These ferocious beasts rushed towards them and bit them. The most terrifying thing was that this kind of biting was actually very methodical. This made the people of the Asura clan , feeling a huge headache.

When it comes to the number of disciples, it is impossible for the Asura clan to compare with the Blood Killing Sect. They relied on their own strength before, but when the Blood Killing Sect disciples were blessed with energy beasts, this kind of strength The gap was immediately evened out. The Asura clan had no way to suppress the Blood Killing Sect disciples in terms of strength, and they were not as numerous as the Blood Killing Sect disciples. In addition, the Blood Killing Sect disciples and the help of Zhan Zhi, how could the Asura clan Maybe he can win.

The two sides fought for about five hours, and the Asura clan was repelled. Not only were they repelled, they also left behind nearly 20,000 demon-subduing pestles. Each demon-subduing pestle represented a person. These 20,000 demon-subduing pestles, It represents 20,000 warriors of the Asura clan. This number is actually astonishing.

After seeing the Asura clan retreating, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not stop their attack on the Asura clan. Instead, they directly chased them out of their Zhan Zhi fortress and began to pursue Asura. The people of the Asura clan really did not expect that the people of the Blood Killing Sect would have the courage to chase them out. Their preparations were seriously insufficient, and they were chased by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect for a while until they were chased out. After nearly five hundred miles, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stopped.

Then the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered the newly occupied area, chanted sutras, consecrated lights, and transformed plants. Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect built a war plant fortress. The territory of the Blood Killing Sect was immediately expanded. A bit like the boss, this made the people of the Asura clan almost angry to death.

After the war, the usual summary meeting was still hosted by Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai looked at the core elders with a smile on his face. When he saw that they had all arrived, he said: "Hahaha, this battle was really enjoyable. , the Asura clan thought they could deal with us if they could guard against our mushrooms and dodders, but they didn’t expect that our Blood Killing Sect had made so much progress, so we were fooled all at once, hahahaha, look. I'm really happy to see the Asura clan."

Everyone laughed, and they were really happy. This was the happiest victory for the Blood Killing Sect since they arrived in the Asura Realm. The so-called happy didn't mean how many people were killed in this battle. It refers to the feeling of fighting. When they fought with the Asura clan before, they had always been very careful. They were not worried about the ordinary people of the Asura clan, but worried about their masters and the masters of the Asura clan. , when will they attack them.

But this time they have no worries at all. Hu Changfeng leads several thousand-man teams and has been escorting them. If the masters of the Asura clan really take action, Hu Changfeng and the others can take action. They are here There is no need to worry about the masters of the Asura clan. This will make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel very happy.

Everyone laughed for a while and then calmed down. Then Wen Wenhai said: "Although we only won five hundred miles of territory in this battle, the significance is very important. This means that we officially The beginning of the attack, I think if I say this, everyone has no objections, right?"

Everyone shook their heads in unison, with smiles on their faces. Wen Wenhai also smiled slightly, and then said to Hu Changfeng: "Old Hu, with your protection, we can take action so happily, but you must also You have to be prepared to be attacked at any time, do you understand?"

Hu Changfeng smiled and said: "Don't worry, I have reported this matter to the sect master before. The order given by the sect master is that if the master of the Asura clan wants to attack us, he will not take action at the beginning. It depends on our results. He will not take action until necessary, so we are already ready to fight at any time."

Hearing what Hu Changfeng said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but be stunned, and then he couldn't help but smile and said: "It is indeed the boss's style of acting. It would be so embarrassing if you guys don't do it well this time, hahahaha, Okay, just be prepared. I believe that if you really can't withstand it, the leader will take action. Then we will continue to discuss the attack. This time we will take advantage of the Asura clan's retreat to directly If we attack them, the people of the Asura clan will definitely think that we are retaliating and will not think that this is a signal for us to launch a full-scale attack. I think we can take advantage of this mentality of the enemy and make a fuss about it. "

Everyone nodded, and the array leader said: "The opinion of our staff is that the distance of our next attack is tentatively set at a thousand miles. This distance is a bit far for us, because we can't fly. In addition, we are in the woods, so the speed of action is greatly reduced. Therefore, a thousand miles is actually a very far attack distance. It can only be used this time. From now on, our attack distance will be counted. Between three hundred and five hundred miles, this attack is to take advantage of the enemy's psychology, so I used a big one at once to extend the attack distance."

Everyone nodded unconsciously, and then Gu Yuanzheng said: "A thousand miles is indeed a long way. The number of our Blood Killing Sect Buddhist disciples is actually not very many. Just put the Shadow Clan Laws in those plants. It will take a lot of time to force them out, and it will take even longer to build the Zhan Zhi Fortress. I think we can redistribute some disciples in the sect who have studied Buddhism. Select some and let them temporarily follow the Buddhist disciples. Now we still have a lot of demon-subduing pestles. This kind of Buddhist weapon is very good. Let those disciples who have studied Buddhism and move with the Buddhist disciples, all holding them. Subduing the Demonic Pestle, I think this should be able to force out all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in those plants, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded in agreement, rolled their eyes and then said: "I think we can ask the people from Lingzhi Hall to cooperate with us in an operation, and we can also ask the Gangfengshu clan to take action. The Gangfengshu clan also belongs to Lingzhitang, but they They are in a line of their own, but they have long-range attack capabilities that many spiritual plants in the Lingzhi Hall do not have, as well as joint attack capabilities. These abilities are all very needed by us."

Chang Jun heard what he said and agreed: "Yes, and I think our giant beast clan can also participate in the war. It cannot be said that we have found a way to deal with the Asura clan and we will not let the giant beast clan Wouldn’t it be too wasteful to join the war?”