c7357 drastic change

Seeing that Mr. Zhen agreed with his opinion, Wen Wenhai nodded, and then ordered to the phantom beast insect beside him: "Lao Gu, release the phantom beast insect, and bring the Zhan Zhi's seeds with it. Let Zhan Zhi's Seed, enter the territory we just occupied and activate that seed."

Gu Yuanzheng is also waiting for orders now. Under this situation, he no longer dares to give orders casually, so he has been waiting for Wen Wenhai's order. Now he finally waited for Wen Wenhai's order, and Gu Yuanzheng immediately responded. , and then directly ordered: "Every team, pay attention, release the phantom beast insects. Each phantom beast insect will bring a war-planted seed. After entering the newly occupied territory, put down the seeds and activate the seeds."

This order was given directly to the captains of each squad. The captains of each squad would naturally direct the people of each squad to complete this task. Because the environment here in the Asura World is quite special, they cannot use magic circles, and war plants have become the dominant force, so each team has brought enough war plant seeds, so after the ancient expedition gave the order, the captains of each team , immediately gave the order, and all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took out seeds one by one, and then released the fantasy beast insects.

Not everyone has the female phantom beast insect. There are some lower level disciples who do not have the female phantom beast insect. However, disciples who have the female phantom beast insect can release a lot of offspring. Damn it, in this way, everyone can hand over the seeds of the war plant to the children of the phantom beast insects.

After receiving the war-planting seeds, the phantom beast bugs directly entered the woods of the Asura clan. After entering the woods, some bugs directly dropped the seeds, and then they released energy, directly The seeds of war planting were excited.

This is also the biggest difference between phantom beast bugs and magic beast bugs. Phantom beast bugs can release energy to attack or do other things, because they have such ability, but magic beast bugs do not have such ability. It can be said that this step of progress is very huge.

As those war plants were activated, countless war plants grew from the territory of the Asura clan. Soon, many war plants grew within a radius of three hundred miles. The number of war plants was even greater than the original number. There were more trees in the woods, but those war plants still did not make any attack. When they saw this situation, everyone let out a sigh of relief, because this meant that in that woods, there was indeed no attack. There is no Asura clan.

But at the same time, they were even more worried. Could it be that the Asura clan was really so kind, that they really just gave up on this forest and let them occupy it in vain? impossible? People from the Asura clan wouldn't do this so easily, would they? This is not their style.

Wen Wenhai had been paying attention to the situation in the woods through radar. When he saw that those plants had grown in the woods, and there were still no problems, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frowned slightly, but He then continued: "Listen, all Buddhist disciples, input Buddhist power into the Demon Subduing Pestle, preferably the power of chanting sutras, then release the Demon Subduing Pestle, and use the Buddhist power in the Demon Subduing Pestle to destroy all plants in that area." Perform the consecration and at the same time force out all the shadow clan energy in those plants."

The Buddhist disciples naturally received Wen Wenhai's order immediately. They all responded, and then immediately took out the Demon-Conquering Pestle, and then began to chant sutras in a low voice to the Demon-Conquering Pestle. This Demon-Conquering Pestle is a Buddhist weapon, so naturally it is It can store Buddha's power, so they carried out this step very smoothly.

After they were done, they took the Demon-Conquering Pestle directly to the front line. Because they couldn't fly here, and the Demon-Conquering Pestle was very heavy, they couldn't just throw it into the woods, so the Buddhist disciples took it Jiang Mo Chu reached the edge of the woods and didn't know what to do.

Just when they were about to move forward step by step, suddenly countless alien yakshas came out of the woods. After these yakshas took over the magic pestle, these alien yakshas directly entered the woods, and then the woods Balls of golden light burst out. As the golden light burst out, the colors of the trees in the forest began to change.

However, the demon-subduing pestles sent over before were not enough to change the color of all the three hundred miles of woods. In other words, the demon-subduing pestles sent over before were not enough to consecrate the woods, so those alien yakshas , once again sent out the Demon-Conquering Pestle.

After two baptisms of the magic pestle, the forest finally completely changed its color, turning into the color of Buddhist plants. This also made Wen Wenhai and the others breathe a sigh of relief, but Wen Wenhai still did not give the order to let the blood The disciples of the Killing Sect entered, but directly gave an order to Cang Ming, asking Cang Ming and the others to grow some Babel vines from the underground base and let the Babel vines enter the woods. First, they can see the ground in the woods. If there are any changes, the second is to prepare for the future. If there is any emergency in the future, they can directly enter the underground base through the Babel Vine and retreat from the underground base.

Cang Ming and the others moved very quickly, and soon the Babel vines grew out of the woods. These Babel vines were not very tall, and they were not higher than the woods, but they made the woods seem more dense. It was crowded, but at this time, there was still no reaction in the woods.

Seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a long breath and said in a deep voice: "It seems that there is really no danger now, we can rest assured." After saying this, Wen Wenhai wanted to give an order to let the Xue Kill Sect's The army can directly enter the woods. After all, only when the army actually enters the woods will the woods become their territory.

"Slow down!" At this moment, a voice suddenly came. Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment. Then he turned around and found that the speaker was actually Mr. Zhen. He looked at Mr. Zhen with some confusion and said: "Mr. Zhen, but What are your orders?" Mr. Zhen rarely expresses his opinions on his own initiative, let alone opposes his words. Now, if he suddenly stops him, there must be something going on.

Elder Zhen said in a deep voice: "I still feel something is wrong. I think we should give it a last try and try it with energy." The reason why Elder Zhen said this was because he felt that there was still a kind of... It made him feel frightened, that's why he said this.

In the Blood Killing Sect, Mr. Jin is considered a top master. He is a magic circle life form. His body used to be an island and he was very powerful. However, in the end, his body was destroyed by the masters of the Shadow Clan. His current body is a life seed. This time, the Blood Killing Sect upgraded the life seed from a single seed to two yin and yang seeds. Naturally, he also upgraded, and this upgrade also improved his strength. After becoming stronger all at once, it can be said that in the Blood Killing Sect, his strength can definitely be ranked among the top ten.

However, Mr. Zhen always keeps a very low profile, so no one knows his true strength. And he had no intention of showing it at all. Maybe it was because of the sudden increase in strength, or because his body was the seed of life, so he also had a feeling. This feeling was very wonderful, but also very keen. Just like this time, he felt that There was a frightening feeling in the woods, so he decided to try it again with energy.

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he frowned and said, "Test with energy? Our current energy weapons cannot be used. How can we test this with energy? Unless it is to use blood to kill the energy weapons in the battle fort, but in that case Once it comes, the movement will be too loud and it will attract the attention of the Asura clan. If a full-scale war breaks out by then, it will be really dangerous."

Mr. Zhen said in a deep voice: "Try using the sound wave energy of the radar. The sound wave we use is a kind of ultrasonic wave. Most people can't hear or feel it. We can use the sound wave energy to scan the woods and take a closer look. Look at the situation in that forest, if there is anything really weird in that forest, it might react to this kind of ultrasonic energy."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhen Lao said, he couldn't help but be stunned, but then his eyes lit up. They had always forgotten that the ultrasonic energy of radar can actually be used as a weapon, and it is a kind of weapon that is not easily used. Wen Wenhai nodded immediately when he thought of the weapon discovered by a man, and then he immediately ordered to the Phantom Beast Insect: "Old Bai, turn on the ultrasonic energy attack of the radar and conduct a few scans in the woods. Remember, you need to control the scanning range of the radar, try to control it in the woods, and don't go beyond the woods, so as not to be discovered by the Asura clan. Although the Asura clan mainly fights in close combat, who Knowing how sensitive they are to energy, we still have to be a little more careful."

Bai Yan responded immediately, which was considered an answer, and then he directly turned on the ultrasonic weapon on the radar. This ultrasonic weapon was what the Blood Killing Sect later called it. At the beginning, this weapon was called a sonic weapon, but Later, as their understanding of sound waves gradually deepened, they also came up with the name of ultrasonic waves. The so-called ultrasonic waves are sound waves that cannot be detected or heard by humans and exceed the range of sound waves that humans can hear. This This is the Blood Killing Sect's definition of ultrasonic waves, and the sound waves emitted by their radar cannot be heard or felt by them, so they are called ultrasonic weapons.

As the radar's ultrasonic weapon was activated, a silent sound wave energy poured directly into the woods. As the sound waves swept across, the trees in the woods suddenly moved, as if It was like being blown by a strong wind, and everything shook. At this moment, a loud bang was suddenly heard, and then there was a mushroom cloud in the woods, rising into the sky. The movement was too big. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect at the edge of the woods were a little unsteady, and many of them fell to the ground. You must know that they are monks, with strong strength and good body skills, but this wave of shaking can actually knock them away. It fell down, showing how violently it was shaking. At the same time, it also let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know how powerful this explosion was.