c7352 fighting style

What Hu Changfeng said, the power of fifty people of their level attacking at the same time, and the power of joining together, is something that cannot be underestimated. They are definitely considered masters in the Blood Killing Sect. Well, if fifty masters like them attack at the same time, even if they can't pose any threat to Zhao Hai, they can still block Zhao Hai for a while, not to mention, the combined power is equal to The power of fifty of them combined together is extremely powerful.

Wen Wenhai said excitedly: "Okay, great. I really didn't expect that this power would be so huge. Lao Hu, thanks to you this time. Although the strength of us people cannot be compared with the boss, if we If you attack with all your strength, it is still possible to entangle the first stage and enter the room, but the one you have created now is a combination of thousands of people. Will there be any shortcomings in terms of flexibility?"

This is also the issue that worries Wen Wenhai the most. If a thousand people attack together, they will definitely lack flexibility. After all, a thousand people act in unison and fight in unison. In this case, thinking It is almost impossible to control the energy frequency of these thousands of people.

Hu Changfeng said with a smile: "Have you forgotten what the blessing of our eight bloody battle techniques is? That is a river of blood and a mountain of corpses. The blood river can be moved, and as long as the mountain of corpses covers our heads, It can be used for defense. In other words, we are like a monk who stands still with a flying sword in his hand and can fly out to hurt people at will, but now the flying sword has turned into a river of blood. .”

Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and said: "Okay, that's good, Lao Hu, you must work hard to form a team of ten thousand people as soon as possible. This is very important to us. The leader can handle it alone now." It has prevented the attack of the entire Asura clan masters, but it is very difficult for the leader to destroy those masters of the Asura clan and does not want us to be injured. So even if you cannot help the leader to attack, you must defend. You have to do it well, forget it, you already know this, I won’t say anything more, let’s work together, we must make our Blood Killing Sect become more powerful, we must become the leader’s propeller, Rather than holding back the leader.”

Hu Changfeng nodded solemnly and said: "Don't worry, I know what to do. The sect master has done enough to kill the sect for us over the years. I even have a feeling that if it weren't for us, I would be in trouble now." You may have crossed the Wanshan Realm long ago, but after all, we have dragged down the sect master, and I will go back to train those disciples now, do you have anything else to say?"

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "No, just do your own thing. We may take the initiative to attack the Asura clan tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. The sect leader told you before, unless you can't stand it anymore, Otherwise, he will not take action, which means that if you encounter danger in the future, it will be up to you, so you must work hard."

Hu Changfeng responded, saluted to Wen Wenhai, then stood up, turned around and left. After Hu Changfeng turned around and left, Wen Wenhai said to Chang Jun: "It seems that Lao Hu and the others are well prepared, so we can also You can rest assured, let’s start making arrangements now. As soon as the battle plan from Jin Lao and the others comes out, as long as there are no problems, we will attack immediately, and we can’t give the Asura clan too much time to prepare.”

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, we can't give them too much preparation time. This time the Asura clan did not expect that they would encounter such a strong counterattack from us, so they were not well prepared and were repelled by us in one go. Five hundred miles away, even if they built a defense line before, it is of no use now. If we give them too much time, they will have time to build a defense line. In that case, it will be a trouble for us to attack. , why not take advantage of now to strike while the iron is hot and attack them quickly, I believe we can easily deal with them."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. We can definitely deal with them easily. This time we must show our own prestige. Let's go and prepare. I believe that Lao Zhen and their battle plan will definitely work." It will be done in a very short period of time, and we must be prepared.”

Chang Jun nodded, then stood up, turned around, left Wen Wenhai's room, and returned to his own room. He was now in a high position and had a lot of things to deal with, and he didn't have much time to talk to Wen Wenhai. After chatting, when he returned to his room, he started to get busy. After all, there were still a lot of things going on with the Blood Killing Sect.

On the second day of their meeting, Mr. Zhen had already given the battle plan to Wen Wenhai. After reading Mr. Zhen's battle plan, Wen Wenhai felt very satisfied. He asked all the people in the headquarters to He called them into his room and showed them all the battle plan.

Everyone is also very satisfied with this battle plan. The reason why they are so satisfied with this battle plan is because this battle plan is really good. This battle plan is not only stable. , and the arrangement is also very reasonable. The giant beasts, the alien clan, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the strategic support team led by Hu Changfeng, various arms, and various teams all have very harmonious cooperation. It can be said that the entire attack, Like a well-trained army, advancing forward.

In their battle plan, the teams are all connected, with each strategic support team as the main one. This so-called strategic support team is Hu Changfeng's group, who are responsible for dealing with the Asura clan. A team of experts, each with a thousand people, protects an area. As long as there are experts from the Asura clan who attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in this area, they will attack. The experts here refer to those who can fight with The masters that Zhao Hai fought for a while were not like those three-headed and six-armed Asuras.

Although the Asuras with three heads and six arms have good strength, they are not considered masters of the Asura clan. They are not worthy of being Zhao Hai's opponents at all. To deal with them, Zhao Hai can just stretch out a finger, even with blood. In the killing sect, elders like Wen Wenhai and others can deal with those three-headed and six-armed Asuras, and they can deal with several of them by themselves, so those three-headed and six-armed Asuras are really nothing.

Under each strategic support team of the Blood Killing Sect, there are giant beasts and Yaksha clans cooperating with each other. At the same time, there is a battle between the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Their attack will be even more powerful. The army is like a bulldozer. If they just push them flatly, all the enemies standing in front of them will be bulldozed by them. This is the most terrifying thing.

Behind the army are the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, the number of Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect is not very large, so now some disciples who have studied Buddhism have been transferred from the sect. They are not real Buddhist disciples, but they are very knowledgeable about Buddhism and Buddhist power, so they can help Buddhist disciples with consecration and chanting sutras, which is very important.

Behind them are the growers of the war plants. This time, Lingzhi Hall also sent some people. These people came specifically to plant those war plants, and there were also many disciples of Lingzhi Hall who helped them. , in this way, they can turn the territory of the Blood Killing Sect's war leader into a war plant fortress in the shortest possible time.

This bulldozer-like fighting style has become a style of the Blood Killing Sect. They will not play tricks with the enemy. Although it is said in the art of war, victory with justice and surprise, but victory with surprise The prerequisite is that you can achieve righteousness and harmony. In the understanding of Blood Killing Sect disciples, what is righteousness and harmony? In fact, it's very simple. On the frontal battlefield, you can at least make peace with the enemy. If you don't even have the ability to make peace with the enemy on the frontal battlefield, how can you talk about a surprise victory?

What the Blood Killing Sect has to do is not to give the enemy a chance for peace. You want to block us on the frontal battlefield, and then send out surprise troops to defeat us, but you must first be able to block us on the frontal battlefield and have the ability to fight with us. We have the strength to make a peace. Otherwise, what kind of surprise troops would you use to defeat us? The Blood Killing Sect does not give the enemy a chance to make peace.

Pushing all the way flat is to use the fastest speed to flatten the enemy's main force on the frontal battlefield. If the main force is already flat, then you still want to use surprise troops? How is that possible? Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect's battle master style has become very simple. I am the master, and if he attacks, you just can't stop him. This is the Blood Killing Sect's attack method.

If there is any difference, it is their defense. Even if they are dragging the strongest line of defense and moving forward, wherever they walk, everything becomes their territory. After they occupy There will be no resistance at all in their territory, it is absolutely safe and it is completely their territory, so they can attack boldly with confidence. If they win, they will get a larger territory. If they lose, they can retreat. Go inside your own defense line, block the enemy's attack, and make the enemy unable to do anything to them. Therefore, the people of the Blood Killing Sect have truly achieved it. With righteousness, no, it cannot be called righteousness, it should be called victory with righteousness.

Now this fighting method has been integrated into the bones of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The battle plans made by the staff are based on this, so when you look at their battle plans, you don’t need to know too much at all. It is impossible for them to use surprise troops, sneak attacks and other methods. In fact, when confronting the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, these methods are useless at all, because as long as you send people into the Shadow Clan, In the power of the laws of the clan, you will immediately know that the power of the laws of the Shadow clan, even if you want to use surprise weapons, you can't use it. The same thing is that the situation of the Blood Killing Clan is the same. If the power of the laws of the Shadow clan is really They plan to send experts to sneak attack the Xuanwu Space of the Blood Killing Sect, but that is also impossible, because as long as they enter the territory of the Blood Killing Sect,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.