c7355 teleportation array

Magical formations cannot be used here in the Asura World, but the magical formations naturally generated in plants can be used. What Lingzhi Hall does is to add various magic formations to the plants to make these magic... The formation seems to be naturally generated in plants.

The Primeus Tree is also very useful in the Blood Killing Sect. There are many variants. The original Primeus Tree was only used to house people and did not have many functions. However, the current Primeus Tree variants have appeared. There are many more, such as the combination of the Sky Tree and the Bread Tree, forming a new combat plant, and this new combat plant is very powerful. It can attack from a distance and fight at close range. It is a very powerful combat plant. plant.

As for what Wen Wenhai said, this variant is a new variant of the Primeus tree. This variant of the Primeus tree is actually the same when planted on the ground. It is not very tall, but it is very rough. The diameter of the tree is very thick, and rooms can be dug out inside it. The annual rings of the tree do not grow once a year, but look like a teleportation array. As long as the rooms are dug out, the inside of the tree will become a natural Bring a teleportation array.

Hu Wei and the others originally planned to plant this kind of Skytree directly on the ground, so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could carry out teleportation formations as long as they directly entered the Skytree, which was more convenient. However, in order to ensure the Skytree, The Sky Tree would not be discovered by the masters of the Asura clan and destroyed directly. Finally, Wen Wenhai asked them to plant this Sky Tree underground. In their underground base, there are now countless plants. Under the cover of the Buddhist plants on the ground, it is difficult for the masters of the Asura clan to discover the secrets of these Supertrees, which makes them safer and more hidden.

Of course, if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect want to use the teleportation array, they must go underground, but this is not a problem, because the Tongtian Vine can solve this problem. Don't look at the very powerful Tongtian Vine of the Blood Killing Sect. But in fact, when necessary, these Babel vines are just channels. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can directly cut off the Babel vines, and the center of the Babel vines is full of liquid. These liquids are like water. , the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can jump directly in, and then directly enter the underground through the Babel Vine, which is like a passage with water in it.

The liquid in the Babel Vine is not just water. It has two abilities. One is cover. This liquid will block the breath of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, so that no one can detect them, so if the enemy If one is not paying attention, one will find that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have disappeared. As for where they went, they cannot be found.

Another ability is healing. This kind of water has a very good therapeutic effect on external and internal injuries. If a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has suffered external injuries, as long as he enters this liquid, the blood from his wound will immediately heal. It will stop, and even if the bone is broken, it will have a certain bone-setting effect. As for internal injuries, it's even better to say that after entering this liquid, as long as you drink a few mouthfuls of this liquid, the internal injuries will be relieved to a certain extent. This is the most important thing.

The fact that the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle cannot be used is a bad thing, but it is also a good thing. It is precisely because the magic circle cannot be used that the Blood Killing Sect's combat plants have been developed and utilized to the greatest extent. This also makes the Blood Killing Sect The Zhan Zhi has developed at an unprecedented rate, which Wen Wenhai and the others did not expect at the beginning.

It is precisely because of this that when Wen Wenhai said that the underground teleportation array was made of Supertrees, Chang Jun and Hu Changfeng both thought that the possibility of success was very high, because the Lingzhi Hall of the Blood Killing Sect, It has given them a lot of surprises recently, and they believe that the other party will not let them down this time.

As soon as he saw the appearance of the two people, Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "As long as their teleportation array is successful, then the problem of our Blood Killing Sect's teleportation array will be solved. It will be more convenient for us to transport disciples in the future. This is especially true in our war plant fortress. Our war plant fortress is full of Buddhist plants. The Buddha nature is very powerful, and this Buddha nature is a kind of nemesis for the Asura clan. , not only will it make them very uncomfortable, I believe it will also have a great restriction on their mental strength. This can be seen from the previous situation where the Asura clan attacked our Zhan Zhi Fortress. Although they were attacking our war plant fortress at that time, the situation was not very good. When they entered our war plant fortress, they would feel like they were helpless, and often the mushrooms and dodders would grow on them. Only then will they realize that this is absolutely impossible for a person with strong mental power, but it happened to them, which is enough to show that their mental power has been suppressed."

Chang Jun suddenly realized: "So as long as we use this kind of Supertree Teleportation Array in our Zhan Zhi Fortress, it will be difficult for the enemy to discover that we are using this kind of teleportation array. This will reduce the risk of our teleportation array being discovered." Possibility? Am I right?" Chang Jun fully understood the meaning of Wen Wenhai's words, so he said this.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Yes, that's what it means, so now we don't have to worry about this problem at all. As long as their teleportation array is completed, then we have nothing to worry about, and the next time our attack range is It’s not very far away, and even if something happens, we can respond, so there’s really nothing to worry about.”

Chang Jun and Hu Changfeng were stunned for a moment, then they both understood what Wen Wenhai meant, and both of them couldn't help laughing. Hu Changfeng even smiled and said: "So that's it, I understand, don't worry, we are here. We will definitely ensure everyone's safety." Hu Changfeng is still very confident in himself.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, let's go back and prepare. We will carry out the second attack in a few days. Although we have a few days, we have a lot to prepare. Now I just I hope that people with good spiritual skills can complete the transmission array in the shortest possible time in the next few days, so that our safety will be more guaranteed."

Both of them nodded, then stood up, bowed to Wen Wenhai, and then turned and left. They also knew the situation of the Blood Killing Sect very well. If they really wanted to fight against the Asura clan, If so, the Blood Killing Sect really has nothing to worry about. The only thing they are worried about is the masters of the Asura clan. Although they have ways to deal with the masters of the Asura clan now, can Hu Changfeng and the others be able to stop the Asura clan? It's really hard to say for those masters. Not to mention others, even Hu Changfeng himself has no confidence. It is precisely because of this that they still have a lot to prepare for.

In the next few days, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all got a rare moment of rest. Although it was still wartime, they had to be ready to fight at any time even if they were recuperating. But this time was different. This time the sect But an order was given. Even if the Asura clan came to attack their base, they would not have to fight. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt strange about such an order, they were still very happy. They were very confident in the sect. , the sect said that there is no need to go to war, so there is no need to go to war, they can just wait with peace of mind.

What surprised them was that in the past five days, the Asura clan had not attacked them, not even once. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had a good rest, and all the hidden injuries on their bodies were healed. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also regained their confidence.

What makes Wen Wenhai and the others happy is that none of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now show timid expressions, and no one's mood has changed. On the contrary, when they are practicing these days, everyone is thinking about the future. They are preparing for the next battle, as if they are very much looking forward to the next battle.

This made Wen Wenhai and the others a little worried. Wen Wenhai immediately asked someone to ask, but the result surprised him. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are really not worried about fighting at all, and they are even looking forward to it. Because they all want to move forward, they all want to get better things. The various techniques and new things of the Blood Killing Sect are all too attractive to them, especially the recent spiritual The development of plants and phantom beasts made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel that they really shouldn't have the kind of thoughts they had before.

Disciples of the Blood Killing Sect used to feel that their lives were already pretty good. If you need training materials, you need training materials, and if you need skills, you need skills. Although the materials are not the best, the training skills are not necessarily the same. It is the best, but these things will be distributed to them without them paying any price. This is what they are happiest about. It is precisely because of this that some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect think , can you not participate in the battle? Even if you don't participate in the battle, you can still get those things. Even if you don't do anything, you can follow the sect and get immortality. So why do they still bother to participate in the battle? It will be dangerous if you don't do it right.

But with the continuous development of the Blood Killing Sect, all kinds of good things kept popping up. The emergence of phantom beasts and spiritual plants made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect clearly realize that there is no way to cultivate. There is no limit, they must keep moving forward, otherwise, they may fall behind.

These few battles also allowed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to realize that their strength had increased, especially when fighting against the Asura clan. The Asura clan is very powerful, but many of their methods cannot be used because the Asura clan does not allow them to use the magic circle, so when they face the Asura clan, they have to use their true strength to fight hard, and in doing so , but unexpectedly, it made them stronger. After all, they had all learned the art of physical cultivation. Before, they practiced by themselves, but they did not stimulate all the potential in their bodies. It was like a piece of Iron is just refined, without any forging, it cannot become a good weapon, and the Asura clan is like the hammer, which is constantly training them to make their Their strength is getting stronger and stronger, and it is precisely because of this that they are not afraid of fighting now, and they are still looking forward to it. The increase in strength can sometimes be fascinating.