c7365 repel

Zhao Hai looked at the ten axes and couldn't help but snorted. Then huge pillars suddenly appeared around his body. On each pillar, there were four statues. These four statues were There were four very tall warriors, each warrior holding a big sword in his hand. Then the pillars started to rotate, and all the long swords in the hands of these warriors were swung out, forming a circle around Zhao Hai's body. A sword formation.

This move is known to many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It is really one of the magical moves, Wu Leak Knife Formation. Zhao Hai has used this move before. It is very powerful. As the sword formation continues to strangle, , the ten axes kept hitting the long knives, making clanging sounds, and finally the axes came in about a hundred meters away from Zhao Hai, and disappeared together.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw that the axes could not disappear, he moved his hand and pointed forward, and countless blood-red petals flew out from their hands and flew in all directions. The whole world seemed to be It was as if it was blocked by the petals. This was also a move in the magic machine, the fairy scattered flowers.

From the Asura world, a cold snort was heard once, and then the sledgehammers flew out of their hands one by one, and smashed directly at the petals, hitting them with roaring waves. There was a loud noise, the sledgehammer disappeared, and the petals also disappeared. The two sides attacked and defended, and it was a draw.

Then a voice came: "What a Zhao Hai, hahahaha, it's really good, but it was just an appetizer before, and then it's the main course, let's see what the moves are." Following this voice, countless long knives were seen. , suddenly slashed at Zhao Hai from all directions. This time, the targets of those long knives were obviously not only Zhao Hai, but also everyone in the Blood Killing Sect.

Upon seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but snorted coldly. Then he reached out and held his fist with his hand. Then he suddenly opened his palm and shouted: "A dragnet." Following his voice, a sudden smile appeared. The huge blood-red giant net directly covered the place where the Blood Killing Sect was.

At this time, all those long knives were slashed on the big net. The big net fluctuated for a while, but it blocked the attacks of those long knives. At this moment, I heard those Asuras burst into laughter, and then I saw huge battle axes, slashing directly into the big net.

A loud bang was heard, and the big net shook even more violently, and then a person from the Asura clan said: "Zhao Hai, I admit that you are powerful, but so what, we are so There are many people. I don’t believe that you can protect everyone in the Blood Killing Clan. We don’t want to kill you today, but we want to kill the people of the Blood Killing Clan. We just want you to watch. We kill those members of the Blood Killing Clan. Everyone is being killed, but you can’t do anything about it, hahahaha.”

Following this sound, countless huge palms suddenly flew over from a distance and directly caught the giant net. These giant hands were tearing at the giant net with all their strength, and a hissing sound was heard. Large holes were torn open in the giant net, and then the giant knives and battle axes that had not disappeared cut straight into the territory of the Blood Killing Sect.

When Wen Wenhai saw this situation, he did not panic at all. Instead, he shouted loudly: "Old Hu!" As he said this, he saw huge lines of blood suddenly rising up on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. Blood rivers, these blood rivers are constantly meandering in the sky, but they protect the entire Blood Killing Sect's territory.

Those long knives and battle axes all disappeared when they hit the blood river. When those blood rivers were hit, they only shook for a moment and had no reaction. The territory of the Blood Killing Sect was still there. He was not hit. Such a change was completely unexpected by the Asura clan.

"Hahahaha, guys from the Asura clan, do you really think that our Blood Killing Sect is just a freeloader? From the first day I learned about your existence, I knew that you guys would take action sooner or later. I If one person has to deal with so many of you, there will definitely be some things that he cannot take care of, so we have been prepared for it for a long time. Hahahaha, today I will let you know how powerful our Blood Killing Sect is. Come on. "Zhao Hai's voice came. His voice was extremely loud, and it seemed to have a very strange rhythm. As his voice came out, those black arms, long knives, and battle axes were all struck one by one. It was smashed into pieces and disappeared.

"Impossible, this is impossible. How can your Blood Killing Sect be so powerful? Impossible, this is absolutely impossible, just die." Following this voice, I saw the incomparable sword. He chopped them over once, and Zhao Hai waved his hand this time, and countless blood-red petals were shot out at once. These petals seemed to have just been blown off the trees by the wind, and slowly floated in the sky. Floating.

In the end, these petals were directly wrapped around those long knives. No, to be precise, they were stuck on those long knives. Then I saw those petals slowly integrated into the long knives, but those long knives seemed to It was as if it had rusted, and it began to slowly change beyond recognition. Finally, the long knife simply melted and disappeared.

Zhao Hai snorted coldly and said: "You guys can also take advantage of my move." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved his finger forward a little, and as he did so, he heard a hiss, and then everyone from the Blood Killing Sect saw In the sky, a line seemed to be drawn. No one could see when this line was drawn. It seemed that he had always been there, but everyone in the Blood Killing Sect knew that there was no line in the sky. That line.

At this time, a sudden muffled sound came. The sound was very low, but all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard it. Then everything became calm, there was no sound, and the world returned to normal. Calm, Zhao Hai still sat in the sky with a calm face, all attacks disappeared.

At this moment, Zhao Hai said: "Okay, let's take it all away." After saying this, Zhao Hai closed his eyes and stopped talking. However, his words were orders, and Hu Changfeng and the others immediately put them away. The sword was long, and the river of blood in the sky slowly disappeared.

It was only at this time that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took a deep breath. Wen Wenhai glanced around, and then said: "All core elders, have a meeting." After saying that, he led everyone and returned directly to the Blood Killing Sect. In the hall of the Battle Castle, other core elders also rushed to the hall of the Blood Killing Battle Castle in the shortest possible time.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "Today, the masters of the Asura clan finally took action. To be honest, this was beyond my expectation, but at the same time, it was also what I meant. I wonder what everyone thinks of this matter?"

Bai Yan was the first to stand up. He looked at everyone and said, "I think this is a good thing." He paused for a moment and looked at everyone again. Everyone looked at him, and some people had expressions on their faces. , all showed puzzled expressions, wondering what he meant by what he said, and why it was a good thing that the enemy attacked them.

Baiyan saw everyone's reaction, and he continued: "This time the enemy attacked us. Although it seems very dangerous, we also have to see what is behind this danger. Why did the enemy attack us? It's very simple. , because they have no choice. The ordinary Asura clan can no longer stop our attack, nor can they stop our attack with their powerful weapons. We have already given away their weapons. It was broken, so those masters of the Asura clan attacked us."

When Bai Yan said this, everyone couldn't help but be startled. Then when they thought about it, they felt that this was really the case. If the enemy could really deal with them, there would be no need for those masters to take action. Judging from the previous battles, Those masters should be very afraid of Zhao Hai. If they were not really forced by them, they would not take action, but now they have taken action. This is enough to show that they really have nothing to do. .

Bai Yan then said: "Because they had no better way, they took action directly. At the same time, they also exposed their strength. Although they took action today and defeated the sect master's move, that move But it was them who worked together to break it. It was really nothing special. Moreover, that move was blocked by us. Everyone should have noticed how strong the reaction of those people was after we broke that move. , it can be seen from this point that they are still very concerned about our ability to defeat them, and the more this happens, the more it means that they have no other way. Is this for us? Isn’t that a good thing?”

Everyone nodded with bright eyes this time, feeling that what Bai Yan said made sense, and Bai Yan also said at this time: "Now we know the strength of the masters of the Asura clan, even if they don't use their full strength, But so what? We also didn’t use our full strength? So now we are no worse than them in terms of high-end force. Our high-end force is no worse than them. We have also figured out a way to break their weapons, and Now that we have found the most effective way to deal with them, what else is there to think about? We can deal with them properly."

After saying that, Bai Yan clasped his fists around and sat down directly. Gu Yuanzheng immediately stood up. He then said: "I think what Elder Bai said is right. Now the Asura clan's trump cards are indeed revealed. That's almost it. The only thing we're worried about is that kind of weapon. We don't know what that kind of weapon is now. Although we have found a way to crack it, that's not the point. The point is that now we are already in Calvary. In terms of aspect, they all surpass the Asura clan, then we can deal with the Asura clan, I think we should speed up the attack."

Everyone nodded, and they all felt that this time the Asura clan's trump card was really revealed, and they also destroyed the Asura clan's trump cards one by one. Then, they can work hard It's time to clean up the Asura clan. Now it's really time for them to launch a full-scale attack.