c7367 giant

War is never a simple matter. The Blood Killing Sect is confident that it can deal with the Asura clan. They also believe that they can defeat the Asura clan, but they do not want to suffer too much loss. Every disciple who has been killed by the Blood Killing Sect is very They are precious, even if they are the lowest dead warriors or servants, they are the same.

The Blood Killing Sect does not mean that they will ignore those dead soldiers or servants. In that case, how can those dead soldiers and servants become official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect? The Blood Killing Sect actually does not want to set up such two stages. It wants all the disciples who join the Blood Killing Sect to become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, most of the dead warriors and servants of the Blood Killing Sect are those who have just joined the Blood Killing Sect. , there is still a problem with their loyalty, which still requires some observation. At the same time, it can also be said to be a test to see how these new members behave when they are dead soldiers or servants. If they There is a lot of revenge against the Blood Killing Sect. If you feel angry and resentful, these people may often disappear. The Blood Killing Sect will not be soft on them.

It is precisely because of this that the Blood Killing Sect does not want those dead soldiers or servants to die randomly, because they are likely to become the official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the future, or even the masters of the Blood Killing Sect. You know, The Blood Killing Sect is more dedicated to cultivating disciples than any other sect.

Generally speaking, after accepting a disciple, a sect will first undergo various tests and then allocate you a skill. It doesn’t matter whether this skill is suitable for you. A good sect may There will come another time when you get the opportunity to be given a public sermon by a sect elder. This opportunity is very rare. The sect elder will give you a sermon. If you are in a good mood, he may even answer two questions for you. If you are in a bad mood, That's hard to say, but most sects let you explore and practice on your own, so the number of disciples recruited by those sects that really rely on normal channels to grow up in the end is very small. Most of them are disciples of cultivation families, and more of them will grow up, because they are exposed to cultivation earlier and can get more guidance, so practice will naturally be easier.

Every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect will receive corresponding guidance. From the first day you enter the Blood Killing Sect, every step of your training will be recorded. Your talents and attributes will be recorded. Then Give you the most suitable exercises and the most suitable materials. The exercises may not be the best, and the supplies may be few, but this is very important for a monk, and the success rate of monks is also very high.

But in this way, more effort will naturally be spent, so every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is very precious. They don't want to sacrifice too many disciples in such a war, so their preparations must be More fully, this can be seen from Zhao Hai's attitude. Zhao Hai is very concerned about these disciples, and is even willing to help Hu Changfeng and the others practice, which already illustrates his attitude.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai immediately changed their offensive strategy, from attacking a thousand miles a day to the current attack of only three hundred miles a day, in order not to give up the Asura clan now. Force them into a desperate situation and let them fight as hard as they can. They want warm water to boil frogs.

The decision has been made, and the Blood Killing Sect will do it immediately. Hu Changfeng immediately arranged for half of the people to return to the Xuanwu Space, and he personally led the other half to stay here in the Asura World. But Wen Wenhai and the others were preparing to attack the Asura clan.

Wen Wenhai and the others really have nothing to say about their preparations here. The Blood Killing Sect has made preparations like this countless times. There is nothing to worry about and nothing can go wrong, so there is nothing to say. Now, let’s talk about those Blood Killing Sect disciples who returned to Xuanwu Space for training.

There are fifty thousand Blood Killing Sect disciples who have returned to the Xuanwu Space for training. They are divided into fifty squads. Each squad has a thousand people. They have been trained for many days. Each squad has some There are very powerful elders sitting in charge. These thousand people are all very good at practicing the Eight Blood Fighting Styles. They can all be blessed with the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles. When they fight, they use their own skills and blessings. , and then under the unified command of the elder, all the power of the skills and blessings were concentrated and turned into a huge blood river to fight against the masters of the Asura clan.

But the last time they fought against the masters of the Asura clan, they discovered a very fatal flaw in this method, that is, although their skill blessings seemed to become a whole, inside The strength will still separate when encountering an external attack, which is very fatal. Fortunately, they did not encounter the full attack of the Asura clan last time, otherwise, they would be really in danger.

This time they returned to the Xuanwu Space for training, but they really didn’t know what kind of training they were going to do. However, they also knew that this training was arranged by Zhao Hai, so they didn’t. What is there to say? Zhao Hai is a god in their hearts. How could the things arranged by Zhao Hai be bad?

As soon as these disciples returned to the Xuanwu Space, they immediately received a notification. They were given different coordinates and asked them to gather at different locations. Each team had a location. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect didn't say anything and just went there. After teleporting over, they knew very clearly that those locations must be where they trained. It seemed that the sect had already made arrangements.

You Cheng is the commander of a thousand-man team. He is an elder in the Blood Killing Sect. He was also an elder in charge and had real power. However, because he was good at using the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, his Kung Fu Fa Jiji was relatively powerful, so he was pulled out by Hu Changfeng and became a commander of the Thousand-Man Team.

There are also strong and weak Kung Fu blessings. The Kung Fu blessing can increase the power of your Kung Fu by about ten times. This is not an exaggeration at all, because the Kung Fu blessing is so powerful, and the weak Kung Fu Blessing can only increase the power of your skills by a few percent at most, not even double it. This is the gap.

But You Cheng's current use of Kung Fu blessings can increase the power of his Kung Fu by about five times. This is already very impressive. The average person's Kung Fu blessings can only increase the power by a few percent or two to three times at most. , is already very powerful, and he can increase it five times in one go, which is very rare in the Blood Killing Sect.

In the Blood Killing Sect, when it comes to the blessing of martial arts, the first thing people think of is Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai's eight bloody fighting styles can at least increase the power of this set of sword techniques to more than ten times. In the Blood Killing Sect, , is also the first person of all time, and is the goal that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect strive to achieve, but unfortunately, no one has been able to achieve it so far.

It was precisely because of You Cheng's performance that he became the commander of a thousand-man team. However, You Cheng didn't feel anything was wrong just because he changed from a powerful elder in charge to a commander of a thousand-man team. He knew very well that everything in the Blood Killing Sect was to serve the war. , and since he has become the commander of this thousand-man team, he will have more opportunities to perform meritorious service in the future. The more opportunities to perform meritorious service, the more benefits he will receive. This is definitely a good thing for him.

This time You Cheng led his thousand-man team to the command coordinates sent to him by the sect. In the Xuanwu space, they could naturally use the teleportation array in their own incarnations, so they could directly When they arrived at the anti-coordinates and took a look, they discovered that the coordinates were actually an island, a very large island.

You Cheng glanced around and was about to say something. Suddenly, the island was immediately enveloped by an extremely powerful aura. This aura was so powerful that it enveloped the entire island in an instant, heading straight towards They pressed forward, and the most important thing was that there was a hint of the Asura clan in this momentum.

You Cheng's expression changed, and he immediately said loudly: "Everyone, get ready, listen to my order, get up." Then his skills and blessings started immediately, and other people's skills and blessings also started immediately. , the skill blessings were still a little scattered at first, but soon, they slowly came together and became a river of blood.

As the blood river took shape, I saw a giant slowly appearing in the distance. This giant seemed to have been lying on the ground to rest. Now it slowly stood up. The figure of these thousands of people was extremely tall. , the height of the whole person actually reached more than three hundred feet, which was extremely huge.

But the appearance of this giant is a little different from the Asura clan that You Cheng has seen before. Although the Asura clan that You Cheng has seen before are tall, they all have several eyes. Several heads, many arms. Among the Asuras they faced now, there were already some with three heads and six arms, not to mention these stronger Asuras. In You Cheng's view, this Asura Shura will definitely grow more arms and become more powerful.

But what surprised You Cheng was that this Asura didn't have too many arms. He was just like an ordinary person. Although he was a giant, he only had one head, although this head had four eyes. , but it does have only one head, and his arms only have two, but this giant gives people a very strange feeling, it feels like he is a mountain, a huge mountain.

You Cheng was very surprised, why did this giant give him such a feeling? He looked at the giant carefully and immediately discovered why the giant gave him this feeling. Because the giant's figure and proportions were very special. His head was big, but his neck was very small. He is short, but his shoulders are very broad. Coupled with his two thick arms and thick body, the whole person gives people a feeling of being extremely heavy and powerful. This is exactly what You Cheng The reason why they feel as stable as a mountain when they see this giant.