c7360 Egg

Zhao Hai sat in the sky with a gloomy face. He also looked at the big hole on the ground. He knew where the big hole came from. He even knew what caused the big hole, but he didn't say it. To be honest, , he did not expect that the thing created by the Asura clan would be so powerful.

It was an egg, really an egg. It was about one meter high, with a maximum diameter of only more than fifty centimeters. It was a black egg. Zhao Hai could even feel a trace of life in that egg. When he saw it The Asura clan placed the egg in the woods.

The black egg was very special. After he was carried into the woods, he was placed directly on a tree. Zhao Hai saw that the egg had a breath of life, so he didn't pay much attention to it, thinking that it was the Asura clan. It was a special monster, so I didn't pay too much attention to it.

But when the egg exploded, Zhao Hai was shocked. He didn't expect that the egg would be so powerful. And at that time, Zhao Hai noticed that the egg had already exploded from there. It disappeared from the tree. In fact, it didn't disappear, but merged into the tree.

But the integration of the egg into the tree does not do any good to the tree, because after the egg integrates into the tree, the tree has died. It is precisely because of the death of the tree, So all the methods used by the Blood Killing Sect are of no use to that tree. Do you want to consecrate it? That tree is already dead, why do you still light it? Even if you light it, it will not come back to life. Other war plants found that it was a dead tree, so they naturally did not notice it. It is precisely because of this that, No one from the Blood Killing Sect noticed the egg.

If Mr. Zhen hadn't discovered it, the losses to the Blood Killing Sect would have been huge this time. Zhao Hai was really surprised about the egg, because the reason why the tree died was all because of the egg. , that egg absorbed all the energy in that tree into his body, so the tree died, but because he was in the body of that tree, all the methods of the Blood Killing Sect were useless to him. Only the ultrasonic attack was useful to him. This was what surprised Zhao Hai the most, because he still didn't know whether the egg was alive or dead, or whether it was a magic circle weapon.

You say he is alive, but after he entered the tree, he absorbed the energy of the tree. The tree died, and the egg seemed to have died as well, without any breath of life. You say he is dead. But when I just took the egg to the woods, there was indeed a breath of life in the egg. You said it was not a magic circle life, but Zhao Hai really couldn't think of anything else that could be so powerful. , you say he is the life of the magic circle, but he has the breath of life, and he is still an egg. This does not look like there is a magic circle.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai is now very strange. What on earth is that egg? It is so strange. But no matter what it is, the power of that egg is really great. Zhao Hai also realized One problem is that their Blood Killing Sect doesn't seem to have any powerful magic weapon.

Frankly speaking, after ascending from the Cloud Sea Realm to the Black and White Battlefield, Zhao Hai really never thought that the strength of the Black and White Battlefield would be so strong, while the Black and White Battlefield is just a powerful place in the Wanshan Realm. , it’s just the inner space of a refined inner space magic weapon. The inner space of a magic weapon is so strong, so how strong must the sects in Wanshan Realm be? This is really worrying.

The strength of the sects in the Wanshan Realm will definitely be stronger than the strength in this inner space. Even if this inner space is refined by the powerful people in the Wanshan Realm, the strength in the inner space cannot be stronger than that in the Wanshan Realm. Strong, this is not allowed by the laws of heaven and earth. That is to say, the strength of the sects in Wanshan Realm is much stronger than that of Yaksha Realm and Asura Realm. And this is what Zhao Hai is most worried about. Sooner or later, they will They are all going to Wanshan Realm. The strength there is too strong, which is not good news for them. It means that they have to pay a higher price if they want to gain a foothold in Wanshan Realm. .

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but turn his head and look into the depths of the Asura Realm, his eyes flashing with cold light. These guys here in the Asura Realm really have a lot of tricks. If he hadn't been training the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, He has killed all these guys here a long time ago. Maybe it is because he has not taken action for so long that these guys in the Asura world think he is easy to bully? It seems like I have to find some time to show off my muscles.

Although Zhao Hai has made this decision in his heart, Zhao Hai is still very satisfied with the recent performance of the Blood Killing Sect. The current development of the Blood Killing Sect is already very good. When something happens, their first thought is themselves Solving it instead of coming to him to solve it is what Zhao Hai is most satisfied with.

This does not mean that Zhao Hai does not want to take care of the Blood Killing Sect. Of course he wants to take care of the Blood Killing Sect, but he also knows very well that if everything is solved by him, the Blood Killing Sect will never grow. , he founded the Blood Killing Sect, and he also hopes to take all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to ascend and live forever together, but if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect develop the problem of being too dependent on him, then he will have no choice but to He has been dragging the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect forward. If one day, he really can't drag them anymore and has to give up all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will be hurt in the end.

It is for this reason that Zhao Hai is now cultivating the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to be independent. If any disciples of the Blood Killing Sect want to leave the Blood Killing Sect for this reason, Zhao Hai will not object, but if the Blood Killing Sect disciples want to leave the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai will not object. Disciples of the Killing Sect, because of this, think that the Blood Killing Sect is the same without him. If you want to drive him out of the Blood Killing Sect, it is absolutely impossible. You can leave the Blood Killing Sect and set up your own business, but if you If you dare to deal with me, then I want you to know how powerful you are.

Of course, Zhao Hai also knew that this situation was almost impossible to happen. Those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would not dare to treat him like this. In addition, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect worshiped him very much and were even more dissatisfied. Something like this can happen. Even if something like this happens one day, Zhao Hai is sure that he can deal with those disciples.

Confidence comes from strength. Zhao Hai is very confident in his own strength, and if a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect really wants to completely break away from his control, he can only give up everything he has gained in the Blood Killing Sect. , including the cultivation techniques, magical weapons, and everything else, but if he really gave up everything, what else would he have? He would have nothing left and would even die soon, so Zhao Hai believed that no one would do this.

Don't think that Zhao Hai's behavior is insidious or a hypocrite. In fact, in the world of cultivation, anything can happen. If Zhao Hai doesn't take any precautions, it's really possible that he will be betrayed. I don’t know, he wouldn’t be so stupid that he wouldn’t be on guard against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He is not a saint.

In the entire Blood Killing Sect, the only people who can truly trust Zhao Hai are his servants and Laura and the others, and his servants also include people from several races such as the aliens, the undead tribe, and the orc tribe. These people Zhao Hai can be trusted, because they have lived in space for a long time, and their genes have been branded with space. It is impossible for them to betray him, but for other people, it is really hard to say. .

Don't think that this is a sign of Zhao Hai's insecurity. In fact, it has nothing to do with whether he has a sense of security. It's just that if he is used to seeing people's hearts, he will definitely have such precautions. This is normal. They are now in the world of cultivation. If you don't leave some backup in the world of cultivation, then you are not a saint at all, but a fool.

It is naturally impossible for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to know what Zhao Hai is thinking now. In fact, the disciples who have been killed by the blood now have no time to think about this. The previous explosion frightened many people. The power of the explosion was really It was so big that the disciples who were on the front line and saw the explosion with their own eyes were really shocked. They never thought that there would be such a powerful weapon in this world.

It is precisely because of this that when they received the order to temporarily stop the attack, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect breathed a sigh of relief. They had never been afraid of fighting before, but this time the explosion really scared them. They can die in battle, but they will die when fighting the enemy face to face, not like now, when they can't even see the shadow of the enemy and are blown up by an unknown magic weapon.

However, the Blood Killing Sect still occupied the three hundred miles of territory in the shortest time, and also turned it into a war plant fortress in the shortest time. However, after occupying that territory , the Blood Killing Sect stopped and stopped attacking. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were arranged for various trainings, but the Lingzhi Hall and the Spiritual Beast Hall were seizing the time to conduct research. The entire Blood Killing Sect seemed to It fell silent immediately.

Zhao Hai is also very satisfied with Wen Wenhai and the others' current performance. He has not yet figured out what that egg is, let alone the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Before they figure out what that egg is, Zhao Hai , they had better not attack. If Wen Wenhai and the others still attack at this stage, then Zhao Hai will be disappointed.

However, Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai have the same judgment on one thing, that is, the Asura clan may have delayed their action by bringing out the egg, and the reason why they want to delay their action is to To buy themselves time, the Asura clan must be up to something, and this matter must be to deal with the Blood Killing Sect.

However, Zhao Hai's thoughts are the same as Wen Wenhai's. Now there is no way to know what the enemy is doing, so just stop thinking about it and ignore them. No matter what they prepare, you don't need to care. Just do your best. Just prepare. When you are ready, you can attack the enemy directly. By then, no matter what tricks the enemy is playing, they don't have to be afraid. Zhao Hai is very sure of this.