c7368 fight

After the giant stood up, he glanced at You Cheng and his team with his four huge eyes. Then he waved his hand. You Cheng and his team immediately became nervous, but strangely, they did not feel any anger. Jin, this made You Cheng and the others stunned. At this moment, the people around You Cheng suddenly exclaimed. Everyone turned to look at him, and saw that his eyes were staring at a person. direction.

Everyone also turned their heads and took a look. In the blink of an eye, they discovered that to their left, the sea water was surging into a huge wave. This huge wave formed a huge fist and was heading towards their blood river. You Cheng didn't think too much. With a thought in his mind, he directed the blood river and went straight towards the fist.

Under the pull of the Qi machine, the Qi energy of the other Blood Killing Sect disciples were all led by You Cheng, and they went straight towards the fist. Soon, the fist and the blood river collided directly. At the same time, a loud bang was heard, and the fist and the river of blood collided directly.

You Cheng felt that a huge force hit their energy. In an instant, their energy was knocked away. You Cheng did not dare to neglect, he immediately concentrated All the other people concentrated all their energy at once, forming a river of blood again, and the fist had also disappeared.

But just when he had just formed the blood river, he saw a long knife made of sea water and slashed directly on the blood river! Hearing a loud bang, Youcheng felt that his head was also buzzing, as if someone had put a big bell on his head and struck the big bell hard, knocking him The whole person was so shocked that he felt dizzy.

When he finally recovered, he found that the river of blood they formed had long since disappeared, and other disciples were surrounding him, looking at his condition. Only then did he realize that he didn't know when , had fallen to the ground. Looking at the worried expressions of those disciples, he couldn't help but smile, and then stood up directly.

When he stood up, he immediately looked around. He wanted to see where those Asuras had gone. When he looked, he immediately saw that Asura. The Asura was still standing there, holding his arms. He looked at him with both arms, showing no intention of attacking.

Now when he saw him standing up, Asura couldn't help but open his mouth and laughed loudly: "Hahaha, boy, you finally woke up. You are really weak. With so many people, even my two blows None of them can stop you, hahaha, come on, I will send you on your way today." After saying that, he saw the Asura waving his hands. You Cheng looked to both sides and saw that the sea water on their left and right sides , all surged up, turned into two huge fists, and smashed towards them. The power and speed of those fists made it clear at a glance that they were not joking. You Cheng knew very well that if they really If they were hit by that fist, they would probably turn into pulp immediately.

You Cheng didn't think much, he immediately said loudly: "Quick, get ready, get up!" Following his voice, the skills and blessings were activated one after another, and the others also started supporting them in the shortest time. After starting the skill blessing, all the skill blessings were integrated in an instant. They didn't even notice that this time the integration speed of their skill blessings was much faster than the last time, and it was completed almost instantly. .

After the blessing of the technique was completed, You Cheng immediately directed the blood river blessed by the technique to flow above their heads. This time he was not preparing to attack, but was preparing to defend. The last time the enemy used a seawater fist, He almost beat them up. This time it was two seawater fists. If they hit them all, they, the river of blood, would be beaten up in an instant. So he didn't dare to prepare to defend this time. He took the initiative to attack.

I heard a bang, and two fists hit their blood rivers at the same time. Their blood rivers only supported it for a moment, and then disappeared directly, but at the same time, there were also those two fists. , but You Cheng and the others felt their heads buzzing, then their eyes went dark, and the next moment they knew nothing.

They had already fainted. They were stunned by the power of these two punches. And this time, it was not just You Cheng who fainted, but a thousand people. They were all knocked unconscious by the shock. There were people hiding on the island, and the Asura glanced at these people on the island, and his figure slowly disappeared.

After more than an hour, You Cheng woke up leisurely. As soon as he woke up, he immediately remembered his situation. He was startled and jumped up immediately. When he jumped up, he realized that, The Asura had disappeared, and at the same time he also discovered the Blood Killing Sect disciple lying on the ground.

You Chengda ate a foot, and he immediately used his mental power to scan the situation of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. After scanning, he discovered that those disciples had just fainted, and there were no other problems. He then He breathed a sigh of relief. At this moment, a groan sounded, and then a disciple woke up. As soon as he woke up, he seemed to immediately remember his current situation. He immediately jumped up with a look of shock on his face. Looking around.

Soon, he saw You Cheng, who nodded at him. Only then did he realize that they were just training now, not on a real battlefield. He breathed a sigh of relief. At this time, Someone woke up again, and then more and more people woke up.

After everyone woke up, You Cheng said, "Is everyone okay?" Although there was nothing wrong with him, he was still more worried about other people, fearing that something would happen to them, but he was very worried. Quickly, everyone else shook their heads, and they also felt that there was nothing wrong with them.

When he saw everyone shaking their heads, You Cheng took a deep breath, and then he couldn't help but laugh. He felt that he was too careful. What could happen to them? They were training. How could the sect leader do anything to them? They are going to kill him. But when he thought of this, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. Although he said there was nothing wrong with them, his face really didn't look good. He was really dissatisfied with the results of this training. They even The other party didn't take a single move. Even though they said they knew that the other party was just a fake and it must have been done by Zhao Hai, this didn't satisfy them. If they really couldn't take a single move, then they would be in trouble in the future. How can they face the Asura clan? Even if the Asura clan is worse than Zhao Hai, the Asura they are training with now may not be stronger than the Asura clan. If they are in front of them, If they couldn't even take a single move against this Asura, then they would probably be doomed very quickly when facing the real Asura.

When he thought of this, You Cheng's face couldn't help but become even more ugly, and he immediately said loudly: "Everyone has seen the results of this training. To be honest, I am really very satisfied with the results of our training this time. Disappointment, one move, we couldn't even take a move in the end. Although this was training, such a result is really disappointing. I don't know what you have to say. I am very disappointed. Your performance is really disappointing, and I am also very disappointed with my own performance."

At this point, he paused, but the other people all stood there with shame on their faces. They were also very disappointed with their performance this time. They really didn't expect that they could not even touch each other's body. They didn't even catch the opponent's move. You should know that they were a thousand people, and a thousand people were trying their best. They couldn't even catch a single move from the other side. This was really unbelievable.

You Cheng looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Now, everyone, give me the blessings of the skills to release. We must train harder. The reason why we were defeated so easily is because We are not strong enough. Our powers are not really integrated together. We are only integrated on the surface, but in fact, we are still scattered. We must truly integrate together before we can become stronger, everyone. Pay attention, prepare, get up!"

Following his voice, everyone supported their own skills and blessings at once, and You Cheng's skills and blessings naturally also started to support. Then everyone's skills and blessings were all integrated together. Only then did they realize , the fusion speed of their own skills and blessings seems to have become much faster. In the past, when their skills and blessings were fused, there was always a feeling that it was not so smooth, as if when they were standing in line, someone would always Can't keep up with everyone's rhythm.

But this time is different. This time everyone seems to have remembered their positions, so the integration went very smoothly. At the same time, they also feel that the fusion this time is much smoother. When the two fronts are fused together, they always feel a little awkward, just like a machine that has lost a lot of lubricant. Although it can rotate, it cannot rotate. But the rotation is not so smooth, and it always gives people a very astringent feeling.

But this time, there was no such feeling. It was as if the machine had been re-oiled. Everyone felt it. The machine became smoother and there was no astringent feeling at all. This feeling was really It was very comfortable, and it made them feel as if they were a whole.

You Cheng naturally felt it too. When he felt this, his eyes couldn't help but light up, and then he said: "Okay, not bad, this time is better than last time..." At this point, what he was about to say, He saw a huge figure suddenly appear in the distance. As soon as he saw that figure, You Cheng couldn't help but shut up immediately. He looked at the huge figure and was extremely surprised.

That huge figure was naturally that Asura. They saw that Asura appeared not far in front of them at some point, and was looking at them coldly. Then he waved his hand, and the sea water surged, and two huge figures appeared. The fists hit You Cheng and the others.

When You Cheng saw the opponent using this move, his expression changed slightly. He then shouted loudly: "Everyone, get ready." After saying that, he immediately commanded the blood river to defend above their heads. They didn't They will forget that it was these two fists that knocked them unconscious last time.