c7364 Take action

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were rushing forward, and after a while he murmured: "Five hundred miles, after five hundred miles there will be no such weapons. No, these damn guys didn't even plant a message tree." , and I didn’t plant a fortress tree. I must have been too excited to fight and forgot about this matter." As he spoke, Gu Yuanzheng said loudly to his magic insects: "Pay attention to the attack speed, don’t be too fast. Hurry, within a thousand miles, and don’t forget the message tree and the fortress tree.”

Of course, the Ancient Expedition could not directly scold the commanders of each team at this time. He was so excited about the attack that he forgot about planting consumption trees and fortress trees. That was normal and nothing, so the Ancient Expedition did not do too much. Keep it in mind, just give the order.

At this time, the heaven-reaching vines that were originally spread on the ground slowly sank into the ground and disappeared. At this time, the situation on Asura's territory was also fully revealed. The situation is really miserable. The plants within five hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect are all staggering. In many places, there are big pits. Those big pits are different from the previous ancient expedition. The big pits they saw were the same, with a diameter of about a hundred miles and a depth of ten miles. And there was more than one big pit like this, there were many of them, so it looked like It was Asura's territory. It looked like it had been hit by meteorites one after another. It looked extremely miserable.

The Blood Killing Sect's army was still charging forward at this time. Gu Yuanzheng waved his hand. He was the frontline commander and could not stay too far away from the frontline army, so he also led the army forward. As he walked forward, While planting various war plants, of course, message trees and fortress trees must also be planted.

Their speed was not very fast, but Gu Yuanzheng had been in contact with the guys on the front line to see how the situation was going there. As a result, he quickly received the news and passed through the territory of the Lixue Sect. Within a radius of five hundred miles, they encountered resistance from the Asura clan, and the resistance was very fierce. There were also a lot of Asura clan, but they quickly broke through the opponent's defense line and killed the Asura clan directly. The Shura clan was wiped out.

As soon as he heard that the front line was advancing very smoothly, Gu Yuanzheng breathed a sigh of relief, and then he reported the situation directly to Wen Wenhai. He had to let Wen Wenhai and the others know the news as soon as possible, because this news was really important to Wen Wenhai and the others.

When Wen Wenhai and others received the news about the ancient expedition, everyone was in the command hall. They were waiting for the news about the ancient expedition. They also wanted to know whether their attack would be successful this time. If it could succeed, That is naturally the best. If it fails, it will be in trouble.

At this time, Wen Wenhai received the news about the ancient expedition. As soon as they received the news about the ancient expedition, Wen Wenhai and the others could not help but cheer. In the command hall, everyone who heard the news also cheered, Now that they have finally found a way to deal with the weapons of the Asura clan, they can finally deal with the Asura clan with confidence and boldness!

Zhao Hai looked at the situation below, and a smile appeared on his face. Then the smile on his face faded, and then his eyes flashed with cold light, and his aura shot up into the sky, shooting straight in front of him. It has passed, and now his momentum is like a long knife that has drunk blood, with murderous intent soaring to the sky, and with incomparable domineering and incomparable killing intent. It feels like a man who has experienced hundreds of battles and killed people. Countless veterans raised the long sword in their hands at one time, as if they were ready to slash down at any time. With such momentum, ordinary monks would be frightened and fainted on the spot.

And at the moment when Zhao Hai's momentum rose, there was also a momentum rising into the sky directly in front of him. This momentum was also extremely powerful and fierce, like a very hungry beast, and finally It looked like it was about to rush up and bite the prey when it saw it.

The two momentums collided fiercely in the sky, and a bang was heard. The invisible momentum seemed to become tangible at this moment, and a bang was actually detected. Then the color of the world changed, and the sky The color changed in an instant, half turned black and half turned blood red.

The Blood Killing Sect disciples below also felt these two momentums. Everyone was stunned. They couldn't help but raise their heads and look into the sky. Of course Wen Wenhai and the others also felt these two momentums, and their faces all changed. Then they moved and rushed out of the Blood Killing Fort. They all stood on the big tree and watched. Looking at the changed color of the sky, their faces were extremely solemn. They were all masters of the Blood Killing Sect, so they naturally knew what was going on. The masters of the Asura clan wanted to take action against the Blood Killing Sect, and Zhao Hai took action and stopped their momentum.

The two momentums were in a stalemate in mid-air, and no one took advantage. At this moment, a voice came and said: "Okay, the Blood Killing Sect is the Blood Killing Sect, and it is really powerful, but your Blood Killing Sect, are you really Do you want to just wipe out our Asura clan?" This voice appeared very suddenly, and the sound was also very loud, as if everyone in the Asura world heard this voice.

Zhao Hai sat there calmly and said: "It's now time. I'm saying that we are not here to destroy the Asura clan. Do you believe it? If you don't believe it, then why do you ask? It doesn't matter whether you ask or not. Is it the same?" Zhao Hai did not be polite to the other party and directly expressed his thoughts.

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, the other party's voice came again: "Zhao Hai, I really didn't expect that you would have such courage, but we will not let you succeed. I, the Asura clan, have many masters, and you guys I'm afraid there aren't that many masters in the Blood Killing Sect, right? I really want to see what you can do to resist our attack."

As soon as he finished speaking, several more powerful auras rushed towards Zhao Hai. However, Zhao Hai's aura increased by another level, and he saw a huge and incomparable aura in the sky. The blood-red clouds directly covered the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, blocking those momentums.

Wen Wenhai and the others counted and found that there were more than ten auras from the opponent, and now these ten auras were all blocked by Zhao Hai. Such strength was really surprising, no one expected it. , Zhao Hai's strength is actually so powerful.

Zhao Hai snorted coldly and said: "What's the use of having more people? I can deal with all of you just by myself. Even if you have more people, so what? Come on, I really want to We want to see if you Asura clan really have the courage to fight me to the death."

No one spoke. The eleven auras in the sky were intertwined with each other. The ten auras of the Asura clan were like ten poisonous snakes, surrounding Zhao Hai's aura and attacking non-stop. However, Zhao Hai's aura was It was completely different, his breath was like a rock, unmoving.

Although the two sides in the sky did not really take action and only competed in terms of momentum, this competition of momentum was already thrilling. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect looked nervously at the sky, but Wen Wen Hai did not sit idle, but directly ordered Hu Changfeng: "Old Hu, be prepared."

Hu Changfeng just responded and didn't say much, but Wen Wenhai knew very well that Hu Changfeng and the others were ready. They would take action at any time. If they take action, it would be enough. Wen Wenhai believed that Their strength. Now that he has said it, he can no longer believe it. He can only believe it.

At this moment, a black palm suddenly grabbed Zhao Hai from in front of him. This palm was extremely huge, and its whole body was covered in black. It seemed to have black scales on it, with long The long nails are like huge scimitars, and the whole hand looks very ferocious and terrifying.

At the same time, a hand flew out from nine other places at the same time, and these nine hands also grabbed Zhao Hai directly. These ten hands grabbed Zhao Hai from different places, each one The hands are very huge, and no one finger is many times bigger than Zhao Hai. Now ten hands are grabbing Zhao Hai together, which makes the Blood Killing Sect disciples below all sweat for Zhao Hai.

But at this moment, they heard Zhao Hai snort coldly, and then they saw countless sword qi suddenly shot out from Zhao Hai's body. These sword qi flew straight towards the palms, and in the blink of an eye, they had stabbed them. Once those palms were broken, those palms disappeared immediately.

Then the sword energy flew straight in the direction of the palm. The sword energy didn't look very huge, but it was very solid. It looked like a blood-red long sword. When it was released, it immediately burst out with extremely powerful power, very fast, and it also carried an extremely powerful murderous aura, as well as a sharp aura that people dared not look directly at. This aura was so sharp that it seemed as if the space was covered by it. As if torn.

At this time, bursts of shouts came from the depths of the Asura clan, blocking all the sword energy, but then several groups of black energy attacked Zhao Hai. Groups of black energy flew in front of Zhao Hai, and everyone noticed that these groups of black energy turned out to be several axes surrounded by black smoke.

These axes are all black and gleaming with cold light, and the entire ax has an extremely ferocious head of Asura. The ax looks like it is real, but because it is wrapped in black smoke, it makes This ax looks like it is illusory. It seems that it has always been between reality and reality, and it looks extremely weird.

Ten axes were all coming towards Zhao Hai. The aura on these ten axes looked no worse than the sword energy Zhao Hai had released before. They all had an aura that could cut the heavens and the earth. If If someone is really hit by this axe, I am afraid that even with Zhao Hai's strength, he will be seriously injured. After all, these ten axes are the full blows of ten masters of the Asura clan. The strength of the masters of the Asura clan But it cannot be underestimated.