c7361 Zhan Zhi

A month passed in the blink of an eye. During this month, the entire Asura world was very peaceful. The Asura clan did not attack the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect did not attack the Asura clan. Both sides seemed to have Forgetting the existence of the other party, only Zhao Hai was still sitting alone in the sky above the Blood Killing Sect, as if he was the only living person left in the entire world.

However, the people of the Asura clan may not have thought that a meeting was being held in the Blood Killing Castle of the Blood Killing Clan. Wen Wenhai was still presiding over the meeting. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, and then said: "This time The purpose of this meeting is for Changzhu Hu and Elder Shu to talk about their research over the past month. Everyone is welcome." After saying this, he clapped his hands, then returned to his seat and sat down.

Hu Wei was not polite at this time. She walked directly to the front, raised her fists at everyone, and then said: "Today I am here to give you a report and tell you that in the past month, our Lingzhi has Tang’s research results, first of all, I want to tell you about the research on sonic plants. We only started this research after receiving the order from Elder Wen. To be honest, we did not expect that the results could be obtained so quickly. , but who made us the Blood Killing Sect? When we were looking for sonic plants, we discovered that there are many sonic plants in our Blood Killing Sect, but these sonic plants have not been taken seriously before. .”

At this point, she paused, and then continued: "After our many screenings, we selected three plants as sonic war plants. Two of these three war plants are ultrasonic war plants, and There is one kind of auxiliary combat plant. The uses of these three combat plants are very huge. First of all, let’s talk about the first one, Flute Bamboo. Flute Bamboo is a very special kind of bamboo. This kind of bamboo is born with bamboo. There are holes, and when these holes are blown by the wind, a sound will come out, just like a flute, so it is called flute bamboo. The sound of this kind of flute bamboo is not very pleasant, and the sound it makes is like It sounds like crying, so it is also called crying bamboo. After research, we found that once the number of this kind of bamboo reaches a certain level and the sound it emits reaches a certain level, it will form a kind of ultrasonic sound, which is inaudible to us. This kind of sound has strong penetrating power and is very aggressive to people. As long as a piece of flute bamboo with a hundred roots grows out, it can affect all people and souls within fifty miles around. Beasts can make people feel upset, nauseous, out of control, or even obsessed. The most terrifying thing is that the ultrasound emitted by this kind of bamboo can penetrate about ten miles underground. Such penetrating power is like other sounds. None of them can be done, and now we are preparing to use this technology on radar."

"The second type is called wind chime flower. As you can tell by the name, it is a kind of flower. This flower looks like a wind chime. This flower is not very big. Each flower is only the size of an ordinary person's fist, like a small bell. , when this flower is in full bloom, its petals will harden. As long as you shake it gently, you will find a bell-like sound, which is very pleasant. And the sound of this kind of bell flower also spreads very far. After we improved it, , what he emits is also ultrasound. The penetrating power of this ultrasound may not be as strong as Di Zhu, but the distance that the sound can be transmitted is farther. The most important thing is that the power of this sound, its energy is It is hallucinogenic, that is to say, you cannot hear this sound, but this sound will affect you and make you fall into an illusion without knowing it. This is the most terrifying thing about this kind of flower. The place."

"The third type we now name is the message tree. This is a kind of tree. This kind of tree has a very special feature, that is, the body of the tree is a sound processing center, and the leaves and seeds of the tree are the conversion of sound. The weapon, this kind of consumption tree, will not be affected by the power of the law, because it is a natural creature. As long as we plant a consumption tree here at the headquarters, and then plant the seeds in other places , grow sub-saplings, and give a leaf to each team leader. As long as the person holding the leaf is not away from the sapling for more than a thousand miles, he can receive the signals from the tree through the sub-saplings. Sound can also communicate with seeds or saplings through leaves, which can be said to be a very convenient way of communication."

"These three plants are what we at Lingzhi Hall have researched now. Although the three sonic war plants are not very mature yet, the refining of these three sonic war plants is very simple and very convenient. , we can immediately refine it on a large scale and use it on a large scale."

Speaking of this, Hu Wei glanced at everyone, and everyone came back to their senses. Then they all clapped their hands vigorously. They really didn't expect that Lingzhitang could make such a big move in such a short period of time. Such a result is really good news, news that surprised them extremely.

Hu Wei looked at everyone, and clasped his fists at them. After a while, everyone stopped, and then Hu Wei continued to speak: "In addition to the sonic war plant, we are still studying the war. There are several types of plants, one is the fortress combat plant, the other is the mobile combat plant, and the other is the magic combat plant.”

When everyone heard what Hu Wei said, they were all in a daze, but they didn't say anything. They all looked at Hu Wei intently, wanting to hear what Hu Wei was going to say next. Hu Wei looked at everyone, and then slightly Yi smiled and said: "Now I will tell you about the differences between these types of war plants. Let's talk about the fortress war plant first. You can know it just by listening to the name. The fortress war plant is a kind of blood-killing war plant. War plants, but the movement speed of this kind of war plants is very slow, and they cannot fly and can only grow on the ground. However, this kind of war plants have inner space, and the inner space is very large. , this kind of war plant does not have very strong long-range combat ability. His long-range combat ability can only be to throw explosive fruits outwards, and the attack distance will not exceed a hundred miles. However, the close combat ability is very strong because of its strong defense. It is very powerful, with many branches and roots, and its melee combat ability is very powerful. It is precisely because of this that this kind of war plant can be used as a fortress. Each fortress war plant we designed can be garrisoned. The number of disciples is 10 million, which is not a lot, but it is not very small either, it is enough."

"The second type of combat plant is the mobile combat plant. This type of combat plant is easy to explain. Because the fortress combat plant moves very slowly, we need this kind of mobile combat plant to help us move. This kind of combat plant We design mobile war plants into three types. The first type is a war plant that can fly in the sky. This kind of war plant is like an umbrella. As long as the wind blows, it can be blown up immediately, and it can be blown directly. Blow to far distances, and this kind of war plant can actually be controlled. How far and how fast it moves can be controlled by the wind speed, but the wind can be generated by itself, because in this kind of war plant, there are The wind element's magic circle can be controlled, but this kind of war plant can only hold up to 10,000 people at a time, but this kind of war plant is quite special. One war plant can grow many umbrella-shaped ones. It has leaves, so there are a lot of them. In addition, it is also considered an inner space plant, so it looks very small. Normally no one would care."

"The second type of mobile war plant, we call it the natural spring war plant. This kind of war plant is very strange. It looks like a vine as a whole, but its elasticity is very amazing. In addition, it is very flexible. Long, the way this Zhan Zhi moves forward is also very weird. He is like a spring. He can pop up dozens or even hundreds of miles at a time, and will not be affected by the forbidden air formation. He is also A kind of inner space war plant, the inner space can hold about 100,000 people."

"The third type of transplanted war plant is the underground war plant. This kind of underground war plant can move underground. The speed of advancement is not very fast, but it is not slow either. It is like the roots of a plant. When it arrives After the designated location, it will sprout and grow branches and leaves. At that time, our disciples can come out of the body of the war plant. This kind of war plant can hold about 50,000 people at a time. It is also an inner space war plant. .”

"In addition to fortress combat plants and mobile combat plants, there are also magic combat plants. Our magic combat plants are now progressing very smoothly, and some of them are already ready for use. These combat plants are actually borrowed from the Gangfeng tree. Some of the characteristics of the war plant are specially made. This kind of war plant is very strange. It can emit spells to attack the enemy. However, for now, each kind of spell war plant can only fire one spell. The law is so powerful that it can be adjusted."

At this point, Hu Wei paused for a moment, and then said: "These are all the combat plants that our Lingzhi Hall is currently studying, including sonic combat plants, fortress combat plants, mobile combat plants, and some of the magic combat plants. , can be used, but some war plants have not been fully studied yet and cannot be used yet, please forgive me."

After saying that, Hu Wei saluted everyone. She originally wanted to study all these war plants and make them ready for use, and then tell everyone, but after Wen Wenhai asked her, she directly She called them over because they had been resting for a month and really needed to achieve some results. Moreover, the things Hu Wei and the others had researched so far could indeed be put to use. This was enough.

When everyone heard what Hu Wei said, not only did they not blame him, but they all clapped their hands vigorously, because they knew very well how important Hu Wei's research was to the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because they know that they are such masters. In their opinion, with this trigger, they can take action against the Asura clan.

Hu Wei clasped his fists at everyone again, and then returned to his seat. Wen Wenhai then walked to the front, waved his hands to everyone, and then said: "After listening to Hall Master Hu's report, I am also very We are happy, this means that we can start a war with the Asura clan, but we should not forget the Alien clan. Now let us listen to the gathering of the leader of the Alien clan, Shu Li, and see what kind of things he can bring to us. Surprise, please.”