c7363 attack

Three days later, Wen Wenhai called everyone to the hall at one time. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "Hall Master Hu has informed me that their arrangements have been completed, and Hall Master Shu has also You told me that they are ready, so there is nothing more to say. If the Asura clan wants to play, then we will play with them. I really want to see what else the Asura clan can do. There is a way to stop us. Prepare to attack tomorrow at Chenshi. First, let Fizhu and Campanula use sound waves to attack. If there is no reaction from Asura's side, then there will be an attack from the magic war plant. Don't worry about the trees there and attack with all your strength. , an hour after the magic war plant attack, the alien clan attacked. The alien clan first dispatched the ghost-faced bat alien and used a sonic attack to attack the Asura clan's territory. If there was no response, the one-horned clan attacked. The army of immortals and the army of porcupines are attacking. At the same time, the two armies must bring the seeds of the fortress war plant and the seeds of the message tree. When they arrive on the enemy's territory, they will be planted immediately, and then the army of giant beasts and us The Blood Killing Sect army attacks. This time the attack distance is one thousand miles. We can move faster and there is no need for an attack of three hundred miles or three hundred miles. When our Blood Killing Sect army attacks , use spring war plants and cattail grass war plants, but don't concentrate them all in one place, spread them to all parts of the enemy's territory, and then immediately clear out all the Asuras in the territory, and then turn it into Zhan Zhi Fortress, do you have any opinions?"

Everyone shook their heads. Wen Wenhai obviously had a case and was well prepared, so what else could they have to say? Looking at their looks, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but nodded, and then said: "Array boss, I will trouble you for the battle plan. Before tomorrow, I hope to see the battle plan. Let's adjourn the meeting." Everyone responded. , then turned and left.

The elder Jin returned to the staff headquarters and immediately began to make a battle plan. In fact, they had already started making a battle plan before, and they had already considered everything from the Lingzhi Hall and the Spiritual Beast Hall. They were inside, so there was no need to panic now. It only took two hours for their battle plan to be completed.

Then Mr. Jin personally brought the battle plan to Wen Wenhai's room. When he arrived in Wen Wenhai's room, he immediately showed the battle plan to Wen Wenhai. After Wen Wenhai took over his battle plan , looked at it carefully, and nodded while looking at it. He felt that this battle plan was really good. It took into account all the situations that could be considered, so he immediately faced the veteran: "The formation Lao, you go back first and I will show this battle plan to others. If there are no problems, just follow this battle plan and go back."

The leader of the formation responded, turned around and left. Wen Wenhai immediately sent this battle plan to the other core elders. After reading it, the other core elders also thought it was very good and they all agreed. Wen Wenhai then relaxed. He took a breath and then ordered: "At midnight tomorrow, Gu Yuanzheng will be the frontline commander and prepare to attack the Asura clan."

Everyone agreed, and then immediately went to prepare. They were actually very concerned about this matter. They had rested for a month, and it was time to attack the Asura clan. The Blood Killing Sect's The disciples have long recovered from the shock a month ago. Without fighting in this month, they have not received any contribution points and have no military merits. This makes them very uncomfortable. They all want to We must start a war with the Asura clan as soon as possible.

Early the next morning, Gu Yuanzheng went directly to the front line. Now there are many troops of the Blood Killing Sect concentrated on the front line, as well as various war plants. There are also many aliens staying there. These war fighters Among the plants, some bamboos with holes in them and some very beautiful flowers that look like bells attract the most attention, because everyone knows that those bamboos and those flowers are the ones responsible for this attack. main force.

There are also many variants of the alien clan this time. Some aliens are not very tall, and their heads are as long as mice, but they look much more ferocious than mice, and their backs There is a pair of fleshy wings on it, and there is a ghost face on the fleshy wings, which looks very scary.

There are also three teams of aliens. One of them is very tall. Although it is not as tall as the giant stone aliens, it is still more than ten meters tall. There are countless spikes on its back. These spikes now look straight and smooth. , as if draped on their bodies like long hair, they look like pigs, look chubby, and have a naive look. They are not noticeable at all, but are very lovable.

But when they saw the six or seven meter long spikes on the pig's back, which were shining with cold light, no one felt that this thing was easy to mess with. Even though this thing looked very harmless, they In essence, they are actually a clan of aliens. They are a clan of aliens. How can they be so easy to mess with?

The second team is a group of large beetles that are only five or six meters tall. These large beetles have black carapace on their backs. These carapace are all black, shining straight, very beautiful, but on their heads, they have long He has a horn that is two-thirds of the length of his body, but the top of his horn is not pointed, but like a deer's antlers, with many branches, which looks very weird.

These beetles stood there quietly, none of them moved, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all looking at these beetles. These beetles were all mutants of the alien family, and their power was very huge. Their power was Thousands of times their own body weight, this kind of power is really surprising. It can be said that they are the strongest men in the spirit beast world, and there is absolutely no problem, because their strength is indeed very powerful.

The defensive power of this kind of beetle is very terrifying. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have tried to attack this beetle. An ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciple used a magic weapon to attack this beetle with all his strength, but in the end it was Not even a single trace was left behind, which shows how terrifying this spiritual beast is.

The last group was a group of little beasts that were only over one meter tall. These little beasts looked very strange. The fur on their bodies was black, with only three white stripes on their backs. From the top of their heads, there were Extending to their tail, plus a big fluffy tail, there is nothing special about it.

But now all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know the identity of this thing. This thing is actually a poisonous weasel, which can emit poisonous gas. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not afraid of poison, they heard that the poisonous gas released by this thing is very smelly. , they didn’t want to smell that smell, so they unconsciously stayed away from that thing.

And these aliens are still standing at the front of the team, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are standing behind. Of course, there are also some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect standing next to the beetles, but the number is not very large, because most of the disciples , have already entered the bodies of those beetles, and those outside are just staying outside to observe the situation.

As soon as Chen Shi arrived, Gu Yuanzheng received the order from Wen Wenhai to attack. As soon as he received the order, Gu Yuanzheng immediately said loudly: "The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect obey the order and proceed as planned." Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect All the disciples responded, but they did not rush into Asura's territory immediately. On the contrary, everyone stood still and did not move. Some of the Blood Killing Sect disciples behind them, at this time, actually made a move. Create breeze spells. As soon as these spells blow on the flute bamboo and campanula flowers, the flute bamboo and campanula flowers will immediately start to sway.

However, although the flute bamboo and campanula flowers began to shake, no sound was heard. However, as the flute bamboo and campanula flowers shook, the woods of the Asura clan also began to shake. When they saw this kind of In response to the situation, Gu Yuanzheng immediately shouted loudly: "Tongtian Vine, rise."

Following his voice, countless Babel vines suddenly emerged from the ground. They formed a plant wall at the junction of the Blood Slaughter Sect's war plant fortress and Asura's territory. These Babel vines were intertwined with each other. Together, it's as if they were knitted together, looking very weird.

The moment the Babel Vine rose, a loud bang was heard, and another huge mushroom cloud rose on Asura's territory, followed by several more booms and several more mushroom clouds. , also rose from Asura's territory, and a huge energy shock wave hit the Blood Killing Sect's Zhan Zhi Fortress.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect saw that the wall-like Babel vines swelled up like a sail blown by the wind, and even heard a clicking sound, as if it was a sail. It felt like it was about to break, and it took a while to regain its composure.

After the Babel Vine regained its calm, the wall of the Babel Vine fell forward. At this time, the voice of Gu Yuanzheng also came: "The alien clan, attack." At this time, the wall of the Babel Vine, He also fell to the ground. This time, the whole ground seemed to be paved at once. The monsters of the alien clan all screamed strangely, and then rushed forward. The ones who rushed forward were those with long hair. Flesh-winged alien.

As the alien clan rushed forward, there was a sudden rumble in front, and several mushroom clouds rose up at once. The huge energy shock wave blew away a lot of the alien clan that was rushing forward, but For mutated aliens like porcupines and horned fairy beetles, there is no problem. They all lay on the road made of Babel vines and did not move at all until the energy wave passed. He climbed up again and rushed forward.

Then the giant beasts of the Blood Killing Sect also rushed forward, followed by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The entire Blood Killing Sect all rushed towards the territory of the Asura clan. At this time, they saw a root Something like a spring rushed straight towards the Asura clan's territory. The bullet traveled for more than ten miles and landed everywhere in the Asura clan. Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect appeared and began to attack that area. Clean up.