c7369 progress

boom! boom! Two punches hit the blood river, which surged for a while. You Cheng and the others also felt a surge of energy and blood, but they did not faint this time. Although the blood river shook for a while, it finally stabilized. Just when You Cheng and the others heaved a sigh of relief, they saw a flash of sword light. The next moment, You Cheng and the others felt that their vision went dark, and they knew nothing.

When You Cheng and the others woke up, everyone couldn't help but smile bitterly. When they came to train, they had already thought that their training this time might be difficult, but they didn't expect that it would be so difficult. So big, they had already fainted twice in less than a day after arriving on the island.

After everyone woke up, You Cheng immediately asked everyone to set up the exercises and blessings at once. When they set up the exercises and blessings, the Asura appeared again, and this time he came up with two punches. After You Cheng and the others caught the two punches, they were immediately struck by another blow. You Cheng and the others still took the blow, but they were shocked to the point where their blood boiled. But at this moment, another strike came. This time, Youcheng and the others fainted at once.

In this way, You Cheng and the others were knocked unconscious again and again, and woke up again and again. However, in the process of fainting again and again, their strength was slowly getting stronger. From the very beginning, they were beaten If the opponent hits two punches at the same time, he will be knocked unconscious. Up to now, they can already take the ten moves of Asura, and it has only been two days since they entered the island.

In the following days, You Cheng and the others have been training on this island using this method. They fainted again and again. It seemed that Asura would not stop until he knocked them unconscious. This made You Cheng and the others dumbfounded. They wondered what that Asura was. Could it really be Zhao Hai who created it? But even if Zhao Hai did it, there is no need to knock them out again and again.

But You Cheng noticed another thing, that is, their strength is getting stronger, not only the blessings of the techniques released by their team of a thousand people, but also their own strength. They are also getting stronger, and this kind of strengthening is not only in their aura, but also in their spiritual power, as well as their physical training skills. They are also getting stronger. This is You Cheng Unexpected.

Ten days later, You Cheng and the others were able to perform about a hundred moves in the hands of that Asura. After a hundred moves, they were defeated because their spiritual energy was exhausted, but they never fainted. This shows that they have now completely blocked that Asura's attack, which makes You Cheng and the others very happy.

After supporting a hundred moves at a time, You Cheng and the others were all so tired that they sat on the ground. While recovering their strength, they looked at the Asura. In the past, at this time, the Asura would stop and stand with his hands folded. There, watching them quietly, neither attacking nor leaving.

But this time there was something different. Just when they sat down tiredly, the Asura slowly disappeared. This made You Cheng and the others stunned, but they didn't care. They knew that If the sect wants them to leave, they will definitely be notified and will not leave them alone. What they have to do now is to restore their strength.

Soon, after everyone recovered their strength, they felt that the energy in front of them fluctuated. Everyone looked forward, but they were shocked when they saw a new Asura appearing in front of them. , this Asura is completely different from the Asura they saw before. This Asura has eight legs and three heads. The most important thing is that he has countless hands, and those hands are like peacock's tails. Same, growing up behind this Asura.

This Asura has his eyes closed now. Just when You Cheng and the others looked at this Asura in surprise, this Asura slowly opened his eyes. There were only two growths on each of his heads. Eyes, but these two eyes are so sparkling that people dare not look directly at them.

This Asura's head grew back to back. Just when You Cheng and the others were looking at this Asura's head, this Asura's head suddenly turned and was replaced by another head, this one. He glanced at these disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then said: "Boy, you are good, you are making rapid progress, but this time it is me, and I won't be polite. Just wait and see." After saying this, , I saw the thousand hands on Asura's body moving together, each hand formed a hand seal, and struck directly at the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect.

You Cheng shouted: "Get up!" Following his voice, a river of blood appeared above their heads in an instant, and then they heard a loud banging sound, and then saw a wave of blood in the river. With a final bang, the river of blood burst open, and You Cheng and the others finally succeeded and fainted at once.

When You Cheng and the others woke up, they saw that Asura was still standing there, his head turning constantly, and his six eyes looking at them maliciously. You Cheng immediately drew blood at once River, as soon as they set up the blood river here, Asura's attack came at once, and then there was another burst of banging sound. With this sound, within about ten breaths, Youcheng and the others fainted at once.

When You Cheng woke up, he found that Asura was still there, and Asura's eyes were looking at him maliciously, but You Cheng also knew that at this time, the others were not awake yet, and Asura was not Will attack him, he was thinking, why when he faced this Asura, they still couldn't last ten breaths and fainted directly.

He quickly figured out that it was nothing more than the frequency of attacks. When they faced the giant Asura in the past, the attacks they encountered were also very strong, but the attack frequency of the giant Asura was not very fast, so They can support more than a hundred moves, but when facing this Thousand-Armed Asura, this Thousand-Armed Asura is equivalent to releasing their hundred moves in an instant, so of course they can't stop it.

However, in You Cheng's view, this does not mean that this Thousand-Armed Asura is stronger than the Giant Asura. If these two Asuras are matched up, it is really hard to say who is stronger and who is weaker. Even though the giant Asura's attack frequency was not as good as that of the Thousand-Armed Asura, it was inferior to the Thousand-Armed Asura in terms of strength. And the reason why they were able to sustain themselves in the hands of that giant Asura for about an hour was, In the hands of this thousand-armed Asura, he could not sustain ten breaths. The difference was not in strength, but in skill.

To use a simpler metaphor, the previous giant Asura took the path of defeating ten societies with one force. When he faced the enemy, he used more strength to win, so when dealing with the giant Asura, They don't need much skill, they just need to be able to block the attack of the giant Asura in terms of strength.

But this Thousand-Armed Asura takes a different path, which is to win with skill. The attack power of each of his hands is different, some are light, some are heavy, some are backward, and some are forward. Some of the forces in front of the body are pulling force, and some are like needle-like stabbing force. All kinds of powers are very rich. Faced with such technical attacks, especially those like them, no matter which move it is , if you try your best to block it, of course you will suffer a loss.

At this time, other people also slowly woke up. After everyone woke up, You Cheng immediately said loudly: "Everyone must pay attention. I will add more to our blood river in a while." Skills, everyone must be more careful, get up." Following his voice, the blood river suddenly started to support.

And their blood river had just been supported, and then the attack of Asura arrived, still a thousand arms attacking at the same time, and now You Cheng no longer had no clue at all, he had entered a very special state. In a strange state, he has forgotten that he is commanding a thousand people in the battle. He has also forgotten that the blood river is composed of the power of a thousand people. He now feels that he is commanding his own skills. Blessing Blood River was fighting against the enemy, and his enemy just used a special technique to make himself grow a thousand energy arms at the same time, and now it is those thousand energy arms that are growing Just attack him at the same time. What he has to do now is how to deal with this attack.

You Cheng immediately started to move, and saw a sudden rain of blood above the blood river, accompanied by a strong wind. The blood rain and strong wind swept straight towards the thousand arms, and then Hearing a banging sound, the blood rain and strong wind swept directly on those arms. Those arms were sending messages one by one, and the blood rain was getting weaker. In the end, all the arms disappeared, and the blood rain also disappeared. Disappeared.

But at this moment, You Cheng felt his vision go dark, and he fainted. When You Cheng woke up, he realized that the others had not fainted, and they all looked worried. Looking at him, You Cheng stood up immediately. He first looked around and found that Asura was looking at him with evil intentions, but did not make a move. He felt relieved, and then he immediately He paid attention to his own situation. After paying attention, he realized that his mental strength seemed to have increased a bit. At the same time, his thoughts were extremely clear. He could not understand all the things he could not understand before. I figured it out and felt a sudden enlightenment.

You Cheng immediately became excited, and he shouted loudly: "Get ready, get up!" Following his voice, the blood river rose at once, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples immediately raised their own blood river, It was directly integrated into the Blood River, and the Blood River continued to grow.

After all the blood rivers were merged together, the attacks of the Thousand-Armed Asura came one after another, but You Cheng was in the mood at this time, and he immediately started fighting with the Thousand-Armed Asura. They got together, but this time the blood river that appeared above their heads was no longer just a blood river, but also blood rain and strong winds appeared from time to time. Sometimes a huge mountain of corpses appeared, and even a series of mountains appeared. In the city, various scenes appear constantly, which looks very magical.