c7366 loose sand

Wen Wenhai looked at the people in the Blood Killing Sect. He felt that everyone was a little angry now. This was a good thing, but he also had to control a certain degree. He must not let these people get too excited. If these people were too excited, If they are too excited, it will definitely not be a good thing for them.

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai coughed lightly, and then pressed down with his hand. The hall suddenly became quiet. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "What everyone said is very reasonable. This time we It is equivalent to defeating the Asura clan, not only defeating their ordinary monks of the Asura clan, but also defeating the masters of the Asura clan, which is definitely a good thing for us."

Everyone had smiles on their faces. This was of course a good thing. After they defeated the Asura clan, they could attack the Asura clan with confidence and boldness. This was of course a good thing, so everyone looked at it with bright eyes. Looking at Wen Wenhai, it seemed that they were just waiting for Wen Wenhai's order. They picked up their knives and went straight to the Asura Realm.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and smiled slightly: "Although this is a good thing, we should not be reckless. Our Blood Killing Sect has always put stability first. This time, although we defeated the Asura clan The attacks of those masters are not our fault, they are all blocked by the sect leader. If we attack the Asura clan with all our strength, it is really hard to say what the consequences will be."

Gu Yuanzheng frowned and said: "It should be okay. Now the Asura clan has almost exerted all its strength. We have beaten them back. We will attack with all our strength next. The most they can do is With such power, what is there to worry about?" Gu Yuanzheng's words also represented the aspirations of many people, so everyone looked at Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and smiled slightly: "I say this for two reasons. First, although the Asura clan tried their best, they did not fight us desperately. If they really fought us desperately, This is not the way we fight today. With the strength of the masters in the Asura world, if they want to attack us with all their strength, we will not be able to block their attack so easily. Even the leader wants to block their attack. , I’m afraid it will take a lot of effort, we must not underestimate the strength of the Asura clan.”

"Second, our current territory is not very large. Judging from our previous experience in other interfaces, we only occupy about one-tenth of the interface here. If we occupy a larger territory, By that time, the leader will have more places to protect, and the enemy will have more places to attack. In that case, it will not be very beneficial to us. With these two things in place, if we fight desperately now Expanding and forcing the Asura clan to fight us is definitely not a good thing."

When everyone heard what he said, they all frowned, because what Wen Wenhai said was really reasonable. The Asura clan did not fight them desperately today. If the other party fought hard, it would never be like this. If their territory really expands, then Zhao Hai will have more places to take care of, and it will be difficult to defend it. Then they will have to face the Asura clan alone. Masters, to be honest, they really don't have much confidence in this matter.

When they thought of this, everyone's eyes fell on Hu Changfeng. Today, Hu Changfeng and the others took action and fought against the masters of the Asura clan. Although it was a bit flattering to say that they had fought against each other, most of the masters of the Asura clan at that time All the power was taken over by Zhao Hai. What they blocked was less than one-tenth of the power released by the Asura master. But in any case, after all, they had personally fought against the masters of the Asura clan. Therefore, everyone still wants to listen to Hu Changfeng's opinions and see how strong the masters of the Asura clan are.

When Hu Changfeng saw everyone looking at him, he knew what everyone meant. He looked at everyone, smiled bitterly and said: "Everyone, to be honest, if the sect master hadn't blocked most of the opponent's attacks, we really wouldn't be sure. Being able to catch the opponent's attack means that the opponent is very powerful. Although our method is very useful and looks good, after actually fighting with the opponent, some problems will arise. When fighting, the Qi Jin of both sides hits each other. The opponent's Qi Jin is a whole, but our Qi Jin is scattered. To put it simply, the opponent's Qi Jin is like a stick, and ours is like a stick. The energy is like a sand pillar made by tamping sand. It seems to be a whole, but in fact, it is a piece of loose sand, and the gap is still very big."

Having said this, Hu Changfeng paused for a moment, and then said: "Although we blocked the attack of the Asura clan this time, there are still many problems for us. If we really fight against the Asura clan with all our strength, If the master is right, it will still be very dangerous."

Hu Changfeng glanced at everyone, and then said: "But I do think that we should also fight with others more. If it is training, it is useless. Only when we actually fight with people will we know what the problem is. Only there can the problem be solved. Take this incident as an example. When we first fought against the Asura clan, we were indeed very surprised, but slowly, we felt that our power was slowing down. Slowly concentrating, although in the end the strength of all of us still could not be completely twisted into one, we have made great progress compared to the beginning, so we are not afraid of fighting against the Asura clan, but next time Once, when we were fighting against the masters of the Asura clan, the others had to retreat."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone nodded. Hu Changfeng's words were really true. At the same time, they also understood what Hu Changfeng meant. That is, they are not the opponents of the masters of the Asura clan now, but as long as they When he grows up, he can still fight with the masters of the Asura clan.

But the question is, how long will it take for them to grow up, and how much price will they have to pay to grow up? If they cannot grow up soon, they will still suffer a loss when facing the Asura clan. It is obviously impossible to rely on Zhao Hai to block the masters of the Asura clan. It is not that Zhao Hai is not strong enough, but because Zhao Hai is only one person after all, and he cannot deal with so many masters of the Asura clan at the same time.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Let's see, we can't stop the attack. It's still an attack, but the distance of the attack has been shortened at once. We didn't originally intend to attack. Just occupy a thousand miles of territory? Let’s change this time and still attack once, occupying only three hundred miles of territory. In this way, we can maintain the intensity of the attack without attacking too fast. During this period of time, Lao Hu , it’s time for you to train. I think that although your previous training was good, there was still too little actual combat training. This kind of actual combat training cannot be achieved in a real illusion. So, let’s go to the Yasha world. Go there, you need two teams and two teams to conduct confrontation training. I think this will give them some offense."

As soon as he finished speaking, he heard Zhao Hai's voice suddenly saying: "Go to the Xuanwu Space to train. I will arrange your opponents. Half of you will stay here to watch, and the other half will go to the Xuanwu Space to train." ." After speaking, there was no sound, but his meaning was fully expressed.

As soon as Wen Wenhai and others heard Zhao Hai's voice, they all stood up. After Zhao Hai finished speaking, they all said in unison: "Yes, Sect Master." Then everyone sat down and Wen Wenhai looked at it with a smile on his face. He called everyone and said: "Okay, everyone has heard the order from the sect master this time. Old Hu, you also know what to do. Let half of the people go back and train in the Xuanwu Space, and half of the people stay here, right. , after you go back, organize all the remaining disciples. In our Blood Killing Sect, there are many people left with other techniques. See if they still practice the same technique. If they They can all be blessed with exercises, and we need to organize them and conduct some training, which will be very beneficial to our future battles."

Hu Changfeng also had a smile on his face. He nodded and responded. He knew very clearly that if Zhao Hai said this, it meant that when they returned to the Xuanwu Space, there would definitely be someone to train with them, and They are still masters, which is very important to them.

Although the method Wen Wenhai mentioned before seems to be feasible, it is very slow to make progress, because if the two teams compete as a group, it will be equivalent to two people of equal strength competing against each other. In battle, it is not easy to make progress in this way. If you want to attack, you must find a master to compete with you.

Fighting against masters puts a completely different pressure on you. What do Hu Changfeng and the others look like now? Hu Changfeng and others are like newly refined iron bars. They need to be continuously forged before they can become a good knife. However, if the strength of the iron is not enough, if you want to beat an iron bar into a good knife, it will be difficult to make a good knife. Not an easy task.

As soon as Zhao Hai spoke, it was like he had solved their problem. They had to be tempered before they could truly grow up. They had no good opponents before, but now that Zhao Hai has spoken, they naturally don't have to worry anymore. , so Hu Changfeng seemed very happy.

Wen Wenhai glanced at the others and said in a deep voice: "The sect leader did not object to our other proposals just now, which means that our other proposals are feasible. Starting tomorrow, we will attack the Asura clan. The attack speed does not need to be too high." Fast, an attack is three hundred miles away, and an attack takes about three days on average. I think this attack speed and power are enough to keep the Asura clan tense. When Lao Hu and the others truly grow up, we will be the ones to deal with the Asuras. When we became one clan, did everyone have any opinions?"

"No!"