c7362 Alien

Shun Li walked to the front, raised his fists at everyone, and then said: "In the last meeting, after Elder Wen agreed to my proposal, our alien clan took action. Everyone knows that the members of our alien clan The characteristic is that we absorb the abilities of other spirit beasts to derive our own abilities, so we have some comprehensive understanding of the spirit beasts of our Blood Killing Sect."

Speaking of this, Shun Li paused for a moment, with a look of shock on his face, and then said: "To be honest, you won't know until you look at it, but you will be shocked when you look at it. We never thought that our Blood Killing Sect There are so many spiritual beasts and there are so many types, which is really beyond our expectation."

The shocked expression on Shun Li's face was not fake. When he said this, the expression on his face was extremely serious, with a look of wonder, and even his emotions were a little excited. After a while, he finally After calming down, he continued: "The number of spirit beasts that our Blood Killing Sect knows now has reached nearly one million species. There are countless spirit beasts with various abilities. These spirit beasts have experienced countless years of development. Each evolution has its own unique abilities, and some of their abilities surprised us all. Only then did we realize that we know too little about spiritual beasts."

"Before we, we always divided the spiritual beasts we know into several types. One is the beast. The beast is the kind of animal that has no aura, no intelligence, and is very weak. Their strength is very poor. In We belong to the lowest level in the world of cultivation, but even these beasts have their own unique abilities."

"The second type is monsters. Monsters are various beasts that have developed spiritual intelligence after surviving for a long time and become monsters. They can practice these monsters, but they only practice based on their own instincts. Through training, the strength is not very strong, but it is much stronger than wild beasts, so it is called a monster by us."

"The third type is Warcraft. Warcraft and Monster Beast are on the same level. Monster Beast is the kind of beast that has developed spiritual intelligence and can practice on its own. Warcraft is similar, but they are affected by the devil's energy. They are born with They are beasts with a hint of demonic nature. Their fighting power is similar to that of monsters, but their temperaments are very different. They are more cruel and easy to kill, so they are called monsters."

"The fourth type is spirit beasts. Spirit beasts are generally monsters with some bloodline of divine beasts. They have a trace of the bloodline of divine beasts. They are born with spiritual intelligence and are born to be stronger than other monsters. They are born with They are stronger than other monsters, so they are called spiritual beasts.”

"These four animals form the entire animal system of our Blood Killing Sect, and each of these four animals has its own merits. Some may not be that strong, but they have their own unique abilities. , so after careful understanding, we selected several of the most useful spiritual beasts to us, absorbed their genes, and created several new aliens. These aliens can now be mass-produced. ”

Speaking of this, Shu Li paused for a moment, glanced at the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were fascinated by what they heard, and then said: "The first type is the ghost-faced magic bat. This kind of ghost-faced magic bat is a kind of magical beast. He is actually affected by it. They are not contaminated by a trace of demonic energy, but their abilities are very powerful. What they are best at is using sound waves to attack the enemy and defend themselves. His sound waves can spread far and are very powerful, but they need Flying, but here, we can't fly, but it doesn't matter. After our alien family absorbs his energy, we don't need to fly. Even on the ground, we can move very fast, and Their sound waves can not only detect, but also attack and defend, which is very useful to us."

“The second kind of chameleon, this chameleon has a peculiar ability, that is, it can blend into the surrounding environment. It is not just as simple as changing the color of its body. He can not only change the color of his body, but also Fengji's physical attributes, and even the spiritual energy fluctuations in his body, and his change does not mean that he will become another animal. His spiritual energy fluctuations can even be the same as those of plants. This is the most important thing. The saving grace.”

"The third type is called the one-horned fairy. This kind of one-horned fairy is actually a kind of insect. They have a thick carapace on the outside of their body. They have very strong defense and huge strength. The most important thing is that they There is also an inner space in the body of each unicorn. The inner space in each unicorn's body can hold a thousand people. After being absorbed by our alien family, each unicorn's body can hold 1,000 people. Ten thousand people are most suitable for battlefield assaults."

"The fourth type is called porcupine. This kind of porcupine is very powerful, and they can spray arrows from their bodies. The power is very huge. Their arrows have a very long range and their attack power is also very powerful. In the end, The long-range attack distance can reach a hundred miles. Of course, this porcupine is also very huge and is a monster that can be used for long-range attacks."

"The fifth type is called the poisonous weasel. He can release poisonous gas. When the poisonous gas is first released, it is in liquid form. After it is sprayed out, it will quickly turn into gas. The attack power is very powerful. The power is so great that it can cover an area five miles away from the square. The person affected by it will become weak, unable to breathe, and will eventually faint or even die directly."

"These five kinds of monsters are the monsters that we have absorbed genes. Not only have we preserved the characteristics of these five monsters, but we have also strengthened them. By the way, we are also absorbing the genes of a spider, which is very special. They are good at making nests. They use their own spider webs to build nests that have very good defense and can also be used to attack enemies. However, the genes have not been absorbed yet because the size of this spider is too small. We It is also very difficult to completely turn his genes into a part of our genes."

Speaking of this, Shun Li clasped his fists at everyone, and everyone clapped their hands vigorously. Although they had never heard of the monsters that Shun Li mentioned before, let alone noticed them, they I believe that Shun Li will never lie to them, because this matter is Zhao Hai's business, and Shun Li will never lie to Zhao Hai, so they believe Shun Li.

Shun Li returned to his seat, and Wen Wenhai also stood in front at this time. He glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Clan Chief Shunli and Hall Master Hu both talked about their research in the recent period. Now their Research has made great progress, and we can use it, so there is no need for us to be polite. I think we must attack the Asura clan, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded. They had been waiting to attack the Asura clan for a long time. Now when they heard what Wen Wenhai said, they would naturally not object, so everyone nodded and no one objected. When Wen Wenhai saw everyone's faces, a smile appeared on his face, and then he said: "Okay, as long as everyone doesn't object, it's decided. Starting from tomorrow, Hall Master Hu, you have to organize people to get it done as soon as possible." Those war plants are all deployed at the border of our war plant fortress. After you have arranged them, wait for my order. When I say attack, we will launch it together."

Hu Wei responded. She knew that during the battle, he had to take Wen Wenhai's orders. After all, Wen Wenhai was the commander-in-chief of the entire battle now, so she had to take Wen Wenhai's orders. Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to Shu Li and said: "Elder Shu Li, prepare all the alien clans you can prepare. When you are ready, you inform me and I will give you orders then. .”

Shun Li responded. He knew that because the aliens had no intelligence, they could only be used as cannon fodder. He did not have any dissatisfaction with this. On the contrary, he felt that this was completely normal. If they open their spiritual wisdom, then they will immediately become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Note that they are disciples, not dead soldiers. This is the preferential treatment given to them by the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai looked at the serious look and nodded. Then he said in a deep voice to the others: "Okay, I won't say anything else. Everyone will prepare as soon as we get back. We must start as soon as possible. Attack, Hall Master Hu, remember, when arranging battle plants on the edge, not only place sonic battle plants, but also magic battle plants. We would rather not go through those plants, but we must also ensure our own safety."

Hu Wei responded. He understood what Wen Wenhai meant. Because the plants here in the Asura Realm can be turned into Buddhist plants, sometimes the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would wonder if they could keep them. The plants here in the Shura Realm will be consecrated to them in the future and used for their own use. If they really have such an idea, then they will naturally be restrained when doing things. Wen Wenhai means to tell them not to think so much. , just go ahead and do it. Even if all those trees are destroyed, it won't be a big deal. If it's a big deal for our Blood Killing Sect, we just don't need those trees.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Hu Wei's look, he knew that she had understood what he meant. He nodded, then looked at everyone and said: "The weapons used by the enemy before were indeed very amazing, but this cannot stop us. Moving forward, who are we? We are the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone’s enemies must surrender in front of us, because we are the Blood Killing Sect. We have such strength. Go back and prepare. Wait until Lingzhi Hall and The Spiritual Beast Hall is ready, so we take action. By the way, the leader has given an order. From today on, the alien clan will be merged into the Spiritual Beast Hall, with Shu Li as the hall master and Cang Ming as the deputy hall master. "

Everyone responded in unison, but the original hall master of the Spiritual Beast Hall was not angry at all. Instead, he breathed a sigh of relief. He did not want to be this hall master in the first place. The original hall master was Laura and the others. Part-time. Later Laura and the others quit, so he became the leader of the hall. He didn’t have the ability in this area, and he didn’t want to be the leader. Now that he finally heard that he was no longer required, he was relieved, and Very happy.