c7375 Prepare for action

You Cheng and his team successfully completed training and did not let the Blood Killing Sect immediately launch a large-scale attack on the Asura clan. On the contrary, they relaxed the speed of the attack. This was not an order from Zhao Hai, but Wen Wen Wen Wenhai and the others were very clear about Hai's decision. If You Cheng and the others succeeded, it meant that the other teams were about to succeed, and it didn't take them very long, only about a month. That is to say, they are waiting for more than a month, maybe about two months at most, for all these one hundred teams to be trained. By then, they will have one hundred teams that can fight against the masters of the Asura clan. This is definitely a good thing for them.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai decided not to attack the Asura clan. If they did not attack the Asura clan, the Asura clan would not attack them immediately, and they could buy more time. As long as these one hundred teams are all trained, they can attack the Asura clan.

Temporary forbearance is not a great thing. Stopping today is just to take a rest and to move forward faster tomorrow. It is precisely because of this thought that Wen Wenhai ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to The attack was stopped and all Blood Killing Sect disciples began training.

As You Cheng and the others completed their training, some teams were completing their training one after another. Within half a month after You Cheng and the others completed their training, the first batch of fifty teams that participated in the training had all completed their training. Their strength has also been improved, and they can compete with the masters of the Asura clan.

Ordinarily, they can now attack the Asura clan, because there are only about ten masters of the Asura clan, and they cannot be their opponents at all. They can completely attack the Asura clan with all their strength, but they But they didn't do this. They were still waiting, waiting for the other fifty teams to complete their training.

Because of the training experience of the first fifty teams, the training speed of the next fifty teams was very fast, much faster than the first fifty teams. Just after the first batch of fifty teams all came out, Ten days later, some of the second batch of fifty teams had already completed training and came out.

In the following ten days, most of the second batch of fifty teams came out of seclusion, leaving only a few who have not yet come out of seclusion, but they are getting there soon. However, although they were released, there was still no space on the islands they used for training. Many of the later training teams from the Blood Killing Sect also went to those islands for training.

Just after all the one hundred teams came out, Wen Wenhai immediately called all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect to the hall of the Blood Killing Battle Fort. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice Said: "Let me tell you some good news first. Our early one hundred Kung Fu Blessing Fusion Dharma Appearance Battle Team has now completed training and can be put into battle. This means that we have a team with Ah The masters of the Shura clan have the ability to fight against each other." At this point, he clapped his hands vigorously, and everyone else did the same, clapping their hands vigorously, and they were also very happy.

After a while, everyone stopped, and then Wen Wenhai said: "Our strength has improved very quickly, so I think we can launch a large-scale attack on the Asura clan, because the last piece of our Blood Killing Sect is short. The board has been repaired, and now we have no reason not to attack the Asura clan."

Everyone nodded. Their biggest shortcoming before was that they had no masters. Now their team has made up for this shortcoming. So what reason do they have for not attacking the Asura clan? In fact, they have been waiting for this day for a full-scale attack for a long time.

At this time, a voice came and said: "Yes, you are right. Now our Blood Killing Sect can indeed attack the Asura clan with all our strength. Moreover, you have also grown up, and I can take a rest." Everyone looked along the voice and found that it was Zhao Hai who was speaking.

As soon as they saw Zhao Hai coming to the hall, everyone stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hands. He walked in front of everyone, looked at them, with a smile on his face, and then said: "Not bad, your nearest I am very happy with the performance. The training of these one hundred teams has been completed very well. Your training is completed, and I no longer have to help you block the masters of the Asura clan. They will be left to you. ”

No one said anything, they all agreed. In their opinion, Zhao Hai should be like this. Although the masters of the Asura clan are masters, they are still far behind Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai should not be like this. He personally dealt with those masters of the Asura clan. It was only because no one in the Blood Killing Sect was possible that he had to take action in person. It was normal for him not to take action now.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "In my opinion, the masters of the Asura clan we are facing now may not be the strongest masters in the Asura world. I feel that there are still many masters in the Asura world. There is a powerful aura. That aura is even more powerful than the masters of the Asura clan who have appeared. However, he has not made a move, but I can feel him, so what you have to deal with are these ordinary Asuras. Masters of the Asura clan, as for the guy hiding behind these masters of the Asura clan, I will deal with it. This is why I must let your team grow up, because once that guy takes action, then I will It is difficult to deal with the ordinary masters of the Asura clan. If you are not the opponent of those masters, then we will be in great trouble."

When everyone in the Blood Killing Sect heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all shocked. They did not expect that behind these Asura masters, there was a more powerful guy standing. No wonder Zhao Hai has not used all his strength to deal with those Asura masters. As a master of the Shura clan, he probably put most of his attention on guarding against that master, so he didn't take action. Zhao Hai did this entirely for their sake.

Zhao Hai looked at the faces of everyone in the Blood Killing Sect and smiled slightly: "Okay, let's get ready. The next thing will be left to you. As long as that guy from the Asura clan doesn't take action, I won't take action either." , and that guy, it seems, won't take action for a while, so it depends on your performance." After saying that, Zhao Hai disappeared directly into the hall, just like when he came. , there was no sign at all.

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "I think everyone knows what the boss just said, and then it depends on us, but in my opinion, there is nothing to worry about. , even if the leader doesn't take action, we can still deal with those guys from the Asura clan. Just in time, we can also show them how powerful we are. Everyone, go back and prepare. Mr. Jin, go back and figure out the battle plan. This time We want to capture a thousand miles at once."

Everyone responded, then stood up, turned around and left, but Wen Wenhai left Chang Jun and Hu Changfeng behind. The three of them arrived at Wen Wenhai's room, and waited until they sat down in Wen Wenhai's room. , Wen Wenhai then turned to Hu Changfeng and said: "Old Hu, how are you prepared? Can you deal with the attacks from the masters of the Asura clan?"

Hu Changfeng smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "No problem, don't worry. Now our team of one hundred can be said to be completely reborn. If those guys from Asura want to deal with us now, that's not the case. It’s an easy thing, so you can rest assured.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "That's good, it's up to you in the next period of time. If you can't stop the attack of those guys from the Asura clan, then we will be in big trouble. If we ask the sect leader to save us, It would be embarrassing for us, so you must be prepared."

Hu Changfeng's face became serious. He nodded and said, "Okay, we will definitely block the attack of those guys, don't worry." He also knew that if they really failed to block the attack of the masters of the Asura clan this time, The blow to the morale of the Blood Killing Sect was undoubtedly huge. Even if Zhao Hai rescued them in the end, they might not be able to see anyone anymore. After all, they have been training for so long, and they still behave like this. Really It's so embarrassing.

Wen Wenhai turned to look at Chang Jun, and then said: "Old Chang, why don't those guys from the Asura clan come to attack us yet? What are they planning? Could it be that they are improving the powerful ones? Weapons? If that’s really the case, that would be troublesome.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "I have been thinking about this matter these days. If the Asura clan can really achieve that level of success, it would be terrible. But I heard that now there is , we have researched something again, and it is the same at the Spiritual Beast Hall, so we have to pay more attention when we have time."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Where have I heard about them? Haven't they been studying how to use the magic circle here? But have they figured it out? Come to think of it, I haven't heard from them for a while." In the past, we could always see Wen Yuming and hear what good things they had come up with. So recently, we haven’t heard anything about Wen Yuming. On the contrary, they felt a little unaccustomed to it. .

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "There is indeed no news from Shenji Hall recently, but you don't have to worry about anything. Don't you know that person who is always heard? They are very concerned about this matter. In the Asura world The magic circle cannot be used here, which has always been a worry for them. They will definitely find a way to solve it, so we don't have to worry. You should also know that if we go to ask him about this matter, we will only bring trouble to them. Put more pressure on them, in that case, it might have a bad impact on them, anyway, we are not in a hurry to use the magic circle now, there is no need to rush him, let them study it slowly."