c7376 three thousand miles

Wen Wenhai also nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, let them study slowly. It is not easy for them. For so many years, their Shenji Hall has always been the most valued one in our Blood Killing Sect. Tangkou, but here in the Asura Realm, they suddenly have no place to use themselves. How can they bear this? If we are urging them, then we really don’t know what will happen."

Chang Jun nodded without saying anything, and Hu Changfeng also said at this time: "I believe that Shenji Hall will have research results soon. After all, their background is there, and I heard They have had a lot more contact with Lingzhi Hall and Spirit Beast Hall recently, and I believe they may have some clues."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to Hu Changfeng and said: "Old Hu, you should also go back and prepare. We are going to attack tomorrow. We don't know what will happen. You leave half of your people to deal with those guys. The masters of the Asura clan, and the remaining half, must also pay attention to the ordinary people of the Asura clan, and not let them take advantage of the loopholes. If necessary, you will also take action against those guys. We don't have to be polite to the Asura clan. .”

Hu Changfeng responded, then turned and left Wen Wenhai's room with Chang Jun, and Wen Wenhai immediately began to prepare for tomorrow's attack. After a while, the elders and others' battle plan was sent to them. After reading it, Wen Wenhai felt that there was no problem, so he sent the battle plan to other elders. When everyone said that there was no problem, the battle plan was considered It has been passed. They will attack according to the battle plan tomorrow.

In fact, there is nothing extraordinary about this battle plan. It is not much different from the previous battle plans. Their previous battle plans were very effective, so there is no need to do anything now. Changed, so their battle plan has not changed much.

This result did not surprise frontline commander Gu Yuanzheng. In his opinion, their previous fighting methods were very good, and there was no need to make any new battle plans, so he had already He started to prepare. When he got the battle plan and found that it was as he thought, there was not much change, he was relieved. At this time, they were almost ready.

Early the next morning, the Blood Killing Sect suddenly came to life. All the Blood Killing Sect disciples were all ready to launch an attack on the Asura clan's territory. The first ones to move were those phantom beasts and insects. Zhan Zhi, although the Asura clan no longer dares to use their powerful weapons, they are still very careful in the ancient expedition. Di Zhu and Campanula are still released, and various war beasts of the Alien clan are also released. They all set off, followed by the alien army, the behemoth army, and then the Blood Killing Sect's army, advancing all the way.

The Asura clan discovered that the people of the Blood Killing Sect stopped attacking a Duo Peng, and suddenly launched an attack on them again, and the attack was so fierce. This surprised the Asura clan, but they had also received orders, and when they encountered In this situation, we should not fight head-on with the Blood Killing Sect, but retreat. Therefore, the Asura clan retreated while fighting.

They thought that if they retreated three hundred miles, there would be no problem, but they did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect did not give them a chance to rest and killed them directly. This really caught them off guard. , the Asura army began to retreat with all its strength, and the Blood Killing Sect began to attack with all its strength.

They retreated and advanced, rushing out a thousand miles at once. This time the Blood Killing Sect stopped. Their goal was a thousand miles, and now they have reached a thousand miles, so they are not attacking forward. Instead, he stopped immediately and began to build a war plant fortress.

The Blood Killing Sect’s War Plant Fortress is definitely the thing that the Asura clan hates the most, because as soon as the Blood Killing Sect’s War Plant Fortress is established, they will have no chance to attack it back. Although for the Blood Killing Sect, this is They were surprised by the distance of the attack, but the people of the Asura clan didn't think much about it, and instead began to mobilize their troops and prepare to attack the Blood Killing Sect.

The people of the Blood Killing Sect are now making full preparations to take down all the Asura clan's territory in one fell swoop. They really don't think there is any way the Asura clan can resist them. They In order to deal with the Asura clan, they have thought of so many ways, and they really want to see what other methods the Asura clan can use.

The people of the Blood Killing Sect have always been very confident. They believe that they will definitely defeat the Asura clan. Now that their last shortcoming has been fixed, they are naturally no longer afraid of the Asura clan. In their opinion, taking Joining the Asura clan is definitely not a difficult task for the Blood Killing Sect.

They captured the Asura clan's land of thousands of miles in one go. This was certainly a good thing for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, but in the past, they would usually capture the land of thousands of miles in one attack on other interfaces. , so it didn’t feel that novel at all.

After taking this thousand-mile land, Wen Wenhai and the others were not ready to stop this time. After two days of rest, they began to attack the Asura clan again. This time the attack was the same as the last time. Pushing forward all the way, the Asura clan in front of them were all wiped out.

They captured two thousand miles of land from the Asura clan in a row, but what made the people of the Blood Killing Sect curious was that the masters of the Asura clan never attacked. This was very surprising. Asura The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are already aware of the behavior of the masters of the clan. Under normal circumstances, they would definitely intervene, but now they have not intervened. This makes the people of the Blood Killing Sect feel very surprised. , I don’t know what they are planning.

But now Wen Wenhai and the others are very confident. It would be best if the masters of the Asura clan don't interfere. If they do, the people of the Blood Killing Sect won't be afraid of them. It was a lesson they would never forget, so there was no need for the Blood Killing Sect to care about what the Asura clan thought.

Just when the Blood Killing Sect attacked the Asura clan for the third time, they suddenly discovered that they seemed to have come out of the woods, because the trees in front of them were getting shorter and shorter, and there were also a lot fewer of them, and they could even Seeing the endless grassland and such changes, the people of the Blood Killing Sect were stunned. They really didn't expect that the terrain here in the Asura World would also change like this.

After Wen Wenhai received the report from the front line, he also knew that things might have changed. He immediately ordered to stop the attack. The army's attack stopped at the edge of the woods and did not advance into the grassland. The changes in the terrain also He will induce some changes in their tactics, so he must be careful.

Then Wen Wenhai directly called all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect to the Blood Killing Battle Fort. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai said to everyone: "Everyone also knows the situation on the front line. We have already reached the edge of the woods, and outside is the grassland. There have been changes in the terrain. I wonder what you think about this change?"

As soon as he finished speaking, Gu Yuanzheng stood up. He cupped his fists at everyone and said, "I would like to add that because I have been fighting with Asura on the front line, I may know more about the situation of the Asura clan. Although our attacks have gone very smoothly these days, I am actually not very happy. The reason why I am unhappy is because the resistance of the Asura clan in the recent period has not been very fierce. Often when we attack, they will We began to slowly retreat. Rather than saying that we captured the land of three thousand miles at once, it is better to say that the Asura clan slowly gave up the land of three thousand miles. This is very abnormal. In addition, The masters of the Asura clan have not taken action, which is very abnormal in itself. You must know that now the young master has returned to the Xuanwu space from the sky. In the past, when the young master was in the sky, the people of the Asura clan dared to attack all the time. We, let alone now, they should dare to attack us now, but they have not attacked us. This is too abnormal, so I think the people of the Asura clan are preparing to take action here on the grassland. .”

When everyone heard what he said, they all nodded, and Wen Wenhai even said: "Lao Gu, tell me, what will happen if the Asura clan really wants to take action here on the grassland? What's the method?" Wen Wenhai still attaches great importance to Gu Yuanzheng's opinion, because Gu Yuanzheng has been fighting the Asura clan on the front line, and his grasp of the battle situation will definitely be more accurate, so he asked this question.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "The cavalry must be cavalry. On the grassland, the cavalry is more capable. And there should be some monsters in the Asura clan. There are monsters in the Yaksha Realm. It doesn't make sense." There are no monsters in the Asura clan. We have never encountered any monsters in the woods, but this does not mean that we will not encounter monsters in the grasslands, so I think we must prepare in advance. , because the Asura clan is already so tall, the mounts that can carry them must be very huge, and the Asura clan with mounts will probably be even more difficult to deal with."

Everyone was shocked when they heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, and Wen Wenhai's face became suspicious. He said in a deep voice: "What Lao Gu said is very reasonable. We are about to enter the grassland now, and On the grassland, the power of cavalry will be greater. The Asura clan is tall. If they really ride taller mounts, their combat effectiveness will be improved. This is for us , but it’s definitely not a good thing.”

The others also nodded. They were all experienced in many battles. Of course they knew that on the grassland, the cavalry would be more powerful. The Yasha clan had monsters like fat cows and eight-legged horns. The reason is that the Asura clan does not have any monsters to use, so the ancient expedition is very reasonable. If the Asura clan really attacks them on the grassland, the possibility of using cavalry is the greatest. .