c7373 Finish

boom! When You Cheng and the others blocked that Asura's slap, all of them had smiles on their faces. This was the first time in five days that they had blocked that Asura's slap. Days ago, they had already thought of integrating the murderous aura into the exercises and blessings, but it still took them two days to completely solidify the kung fu and blessings that were integrated with the murderous aura. Because of this, they blocked that Asura's blow.

Now that they finally blocked that Asura's attack, everyone felt extremely excited. They really wanted to see what other methods that Asura had. At this moment, they saw that Asura fiercely He opened his mouth, and then a ball of flames spurted out from Asura's mouth. After the flames spurted out, it immediately turned into a huge fire dragon with teeth and claws, and rushed towards the blood river of You Cheng and the others. Seeing this situation, You Cheng didn't look surprised at all. On the contrary, he immediately attacked him with the Blood Flowing Pestle. Then he heard a loud bang and the Blood Flowing Pestle was used. , and hit the fire dragon at once.

The fire dragon disappeared, and the blood river also retreated again and again. At this moment, You Cheng and the others saw a big flaming hand pressing towards them. You Cheng couldn't help being stunned, but he still Immediately, he commanded Xue He to rush forward, but this time he used the bloody wind move.

I saw the huge burning hand collided with the blood rain and the strong wind, but the fire in the big hand was extinguished. Then the big hand faced a mountain of corpses that hit me, and I heard a bang. , the mountain disappeared, but the big hand also disappeared, and You Cheng and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

At this moment, the Asura opened his mouth, and a ball of flame was sprayed out. Then he grabbed the flame with his right hand, and his entire right arm was on fire, and then his right arm moved toward the flame. He stretched forward and attacked You Cheng and the others. It seemed that this was how the big hand that was on fire was created.

But You Cheng didn't look worried at all. He immediately hit him with a move of Blood Sea and Corpse Mountain. This time, because there was no reduction from the previous move, although the big hand was hit for a moment, it didn't stop. Disappeared, but still grabbed You Cheng and the others.

But at this time, You Cheng used another move, and he directly faced it. This move didn't seem to be strong, because most people couldn't practice it well. The sign of this move was a The attacking army, but none of You Cheng and the others had mastered it, so the power of this move was not at its strongest.

But at the same time, this move is the most powerful one among the eight bloody battle moves. This move itself has a very tragic aura, and with the addition of murderous intent, it makes this move even more powerful. Suddenly, Xuehe and the big hand collided, and a bang was heard. The big hand was knocked out of sight, while Xuehe hit the Asura directly.

Seeing that the blood river was about to hit Asura's chest, the Asura spurted out a ball of flame from his mouth. This ball of flame blocked the impact of the blood river. Then the flame and the blood river disappeared, and A river of blood also appeared above You Cheng and the others.

However, the Asura did not attack, but looked at You Cheng and the others with a smile on his face. Then he heard the Asura say: "Yes, you have completed this training and you can leave. You Cheng, write down all your experiences during this training and send it to Wen Wenhai." After saying that, the Asura also disappeared.

When You Cheng and the others heard what Asura said, they all cheered. After a while, they became quiet. Then before they could react, they felt their eyes blur. The next moment, they found that they had returned to On the land of Xuanwu Space, they are no longer on the island.

You Cheng glanced around and found that they were exactly where they went to the island. He couldn't help but sigh. Zhao Hai's strength was really unmatched. But then he immediately led everyone and went directly to the island. When he arrived at the Shura Realm or the Asura Realm, he simply made a jade slip, and then went directly to Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai is still working at the Blood Killing Fort. As soon as he heard that You Cheng was the one who rescued him, he immediately invited You Cheng into the room. As soon as You Cheng entered the room, he saw Wen Wenhai standing there with a smile to greet him. As soon as he saw him, Wen Wenhai immediately smiled and said: "Hahaha, You Cheng, you are good, you did a great job, There are so many teams. Your team is the first to complete the training. Come and tell me carefully what this training is like. I have already asked someone to notify Elder Hu. I believe he will be here soon. Sit down quickly. , sit down." As he said this, he pulled You Cheng to sit down.

The two of them had just sat down when they heard a knock on the door. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Come in." Following his voice, a man opened the door and walked in. When You Cheng saw it, the person who came in was Hu Changfeng. It seems that Hu Changfeng is also very concerned about this matter and came so quickly.

As soon as he saw Hu Changfeng, You Cheng stood up immediately and saluted Hu Changfeng. Hu Changfeng waved his hand and said: "Okay, you don't have to be so polite. You Cheng, tell me, you have completed the training so quickly this time. Is it okay?" What do you think? Come and tell me carefully."

Wen Wenhai also looked at You Cheng. You Cheng looked at the two of them and said with a smile: "After we completed the training, the sect master gave us an order to make the training experience into jade. Jane, give it to Elder Wen, Elder Wen, this is the jade slip I made, you can take a look at it." After saying that, he took out a jade slip and handed it to Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai was not polite. He took the jade slip and looked at it carefully. After reading the contents, he nodded, then handed the jade slip to Hu Changfeng, then turned to You Cheng and said, "You Cheng, you are good. You can think of these things in such a short period of time and find a solution. You are really good."

You Cheng smiled and said nothing. He knew very well that what he did this time was indeed quite good. In front of Wen Wenhai and the others, there was no need to say so many kind words, which would only arouse Wen Wenhai and the others' resentment. Wen Wenhai and the others are the top people in the Blood Killing Sect. It is not okay to be so polite in front of them.

At this time, Hu Changfeng also finished reading the contents of You Cheng's jade slip. He put down the jade slip and looked at You Cheng with bright eyes: "I really didn't expect that it would be like this. In this way, those three Asuras, Maybe it has something to do with the sect master?" Hu Changfeng was not an idiot. He only saw the contents in the jade slips and knew that those three asuras were probably related to Zhao Hai.

You Cheng nodded and said: "Yes, I think those three Asuras were made by the sect leader using his own projection based on the strength of the masters of the Asura clan. Their power should be no worse than those of the masters of the Asura clan." You Cheng had actually thought of this a long time ago. If he said that the three Asuras had nothing to do with Zhao Hai, no one would believe it.

Hu Changfeng said with a smile: "Of course, it is impossible for any living Asura clan to enter the Xuanwu space. The sect leader has also fought against those Asura masters, so he naturally knows the strength of those guys. Yes, you What we have summarized is really very useful for us. You guys need to rest for two days. We have not had any major battles with the Asura clan recently, so there is no need for you to take action. You can rest assured."

You Cheng responded, but he still spoke: "Elder Wen, Hu Changfeng, during this period of training, we have not been able to know the news from the outside world. We just came here after training. I want to know, what are we doing now?" How is your situation? Can you tell me?"

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "There is nothing that cannot be said. We have also slowed down our attack speed these days. If we attack too fast, it will anger those Asura clan. So from the time you went to train, until now , we only occupied two thousand miles of the Asura clan's territory, and we occupied three hundred miles and three hundred miles, so we did not anger the Asura clan. Those guys from the Asura clan seemed to be doing something. Be prepared. Although they have been fighting us, they are not fighting very resolutely. Their powerful weapons are not being used. Maybe they also found that those weapons are useless to us, so they just don't use them. Alright."

Hu Changfeng said solemnly: "The masters of the Asura clan have not attacked us since they were repulsed by us last time, and they have not even made a sound at all, but what is certain is that they must be making preparations. , as long as they think they are ready, they will definitely attack us, just like we will attack them as long as we are ready. Now it depends on who is ready first. Whoever is ready first can go first. If you take action, you will gain the upper hand.”

Having said this, Hu Changfeng paused for a moment, and then said in a deep voice: "To be honest, I didn't expect that you could complete the training so quickly, and the results would be so good. With your experience, I have Confidence, when we face the Asura clan in the future, we don’t have to worry about anything, and our training will be faster. This is definitely a good thing for us, so You Cheng, this time I want to Thank you very much, you have made a great contribution to our Blood Killing Sect."

You Cheng smiled and said: "I think people from other teams will come out soon. These insights are not difficult to find, and they will also figure it out. You two, if there is nothing else, then I will go back first Now, I have to take a good rest. We have been training these days. To be honest, the training that the sect master has done this time is really killing people. We have almost no time to rest. The result of every failure is Fainting, it’s been tormenting us these days.”

When Wen Wenhai and Hu Changfeng heard what he said, they were both stunned, and then burst into laughter. Wen Wenhai even patted his shoulder and said: "Okay, go and have a rest, hahahaha, the sect master is serious I will train you cruelly, and if your place can still be as lively and dynamic as now, go ahead."