c7370 One-handed Asura

To outsiders, the various scenes that appeared above their blood river seemed very magical, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all knew that those scenes were not magical things. In fact, those scenes were Blessed by various techniques of the eight bloody battle movements.

The Eight Styles of Bloody Fight is just like his name. There are only eight styles, but these eight styles can be combined at will. The first style makes blood flow like a river, the second style makes blood flow like a river, the third style makes blood and flesh become blurred, and the fourth style There is a bloody storm, the fifth move is a huge blood wave, the sixth move is a bloody fight to the end, the seventh move is a country of three thousand blood, and the eighth move is a sea of ​​blood and a mountain of corpses.

There is actually no order for these eight postures, but they usually start with the first four postures, and then connect them randomly to form various combinations. In this way, there will be countless variations of these eight postures, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, It is usually habitual to start with a river of blood. This is why when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect first received the blessing of the technique, it was a river of blood.

The blessings of these eight postures are also different. Needless to say, the blood flow is a river of blood, and the blood drifting pestle is an evolved version of the blood river, which will appear in the blood river. The giant tree will make the attack power of this move stronger. The flesh and blood are blurred, but it is a move that is both false and real. When this move is used, something like blood mist will appear. This thing like blood mist will appear. It will directly block the enemy's line of sight, so that the enemy does not know where your attack is coming from.

The skill blessings of Blood Rain and Storm are Blood Rain and Wild Wind, which You Cheng has used before. This move is used to deal with multiple enemies, or when the enemy uses a large-scale attack, it is used It is very effective against the Thousand-Armed Asura, and its power is not small.

The blood wave is a huge blood wave, one wave after another, hitting the enemy non-stop. It is a continuous attack method. Fight to the bitter end, but there is no special technique to support him. He is actually a kind of momentum, an extremely powerful momentum, a momentum that fights the enemy to the end. Of course, if you use it well, your blood river will There will also be thousands of troops, but it is not easy to use this kind of strength. In the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai is the only one who can do this.

The last two moves are Blood Kingdom Three Thousand and Corpse Mountain and Blood Sea. These two moves can be said to be the killing moves among the eight bloody battle moves. When Blood Kingdom Three Thousand is used, countless cities will appear on the Blood River. Then There are still people in the city. Of course, it is not a simple matter to have people in the city. You Cheng and the others can only appear in the city but cannot have people in the city. That is because of their strength. Not enough, and the understanding of the eight bloody battle styles is not enough.

The blood sea and corpse mountain is also a move. Once this move is used, a corpse mountain will appear directly. Under the corpse mountain is the blood sea. But now Youcheng and the others can make the corpse mountain appear, but this corpse mountain is not It won't be too high. They can't make a sea of ​​blood, they can only make a river of blood. This is already very good.

Although there are only eight moves in the Eight Moves of Bloody Fight, there are countless combinations of the eight moves. If you really use these eight moves well, it will be better than thousands of moves. The Eight Forms of Bloody Fight also has a feature that other techniques do not have, that is, it is particularly easy to master, and the chance of mastering the blessings of the technique is greater.

It is precisely because of this characteristic that the Eight Blood Fighting Styles have become the signature skills of the Blood Killing Sect. With this set of skills, the Blood Killing Sect has defeated countless sects and forces and captured them without help. So this is why The status of Tao Kung Fu in the Blood Killing Sect is very high. Even a master like Zhao Hai can use the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, and he still uses them all the time.

After You Cheng understood how to use the Blood River before, he truly mastered it and completely integrated the Eight Blood Fighting Styles with the Blood River. At this time, he suddenly discovered that this blood The river is the foundation of the Eight Blood Fighting Styles. Through this blood river, he can use the various changes of the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles. It is precisely because of this that he can now command his thousand-man team to use the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles to fight with That Thousand-Armed Asura was fighting equally, evenly matched.

Finally, an hour later, their spiritual energy was exhausted, and the blood river disappeared. Just when the blood river disappeared, the Thousand-Armed Asura also stopped. He glanced at You Cheng and the others, then smiled slightly and spoke. He said: "Good boy, that's right, keep working hard." After saying that, he disappeared, and his behavior surprised You Cheng and the others. They really didn't understand now. They didn't know this. Asura, is it real or fake? You say he is real, but he cannot be real. You must know that they have not wiped out the Asura clan. How can there be a real Asura here? Having said that, the Asura clan itself is a demon-subduing pestle, so this Asura cannot be real.

But how can you say that he is not real, but his behavior is too real. He can speak normally and communicate with you normally. You can even feel his emotions. His eyes are very smart, like How can you say that such an Asura is fake? How could he be fake?

But when they thought that these Asuras were all created by Zhao Hai, You Cheng and the others were relieved. In their opinion, it was not surprising that Zhao Hai came up with anything, because Zhao Hai himself had that kind of ability. strength, so no matter what he comes up with, it is normal, although it is impossible for them to know how Zhao Hai made it.

When You Cheng and the others regained their strength, everyone stood up. As soon as they stood up, they saw a new Asura appearing in front of them. As soon as this Asura appeared, You Cheng and the others were stunned. Well, they have really never seen such an Asura. This Asura is also very tall. He is sitting there, but if you look carefully, you will find that he has no legs. He has only one head and two eyes, which is very normal. But the most peculiar thing is his hand. He has only one hand, only one right hand. His left hand is broken at shoulder level, and his The remaining right hand is surprisingly large.

This was the first time for You Cheng and the others to see such an Asura. He actually only had one hand, which was far worse than the previous Asura. This was so weird. Just when You Cheng and the others were puzzled, they Seeing this Asura, he slowly opened his eyes. As soon as they saw this Asura opening his eyes, You Cheng and the others couldn't help but be startled, because the eyes of this Asura were very special, different from the previous two Asuras. , all different.

The two Asuras before had their own emotions in their eyes. The first giant Asura had a hint of murderous intent, a hint of coldness, and a hint of violence in his eyes. It can be said that His eyes are very scary. The second Thousand-Armed Asura has a cunning light in his eyes, which makes people feel uncomfortable just by looking at him.

But this Asura's eyes are completely different. His eyes are very peaceful, just like an enlightened monk. There is only the light of peace in his eyes, and there is no trace of violence or cunning. Such a look, appearing on such a ferocious-looking person, the strong contrast is really weird.

But at this moment, the Asura suddenly took action, and his remaining right hand suddenly stretched forward, opened his big hand, and grabbed You Cheng and the others with a slap. As he was shooting, his palms kept getting bigger, and finally his palms seemed to be extremely huge, as if they had blocked the sky.

You Cheng was taken aback. He immediately said loudly: "Get up!" Following his voice, a huge blood river appeared in front of them. Then he shouted loudly and directed the blood river until He rushed towards the palm, and at the same time, giant trees appeared in the blood river. The giant trees took advantage of the will of the blood river and hit Asura's palm.

Hearing a loud bang, he slapped the blood river heavily with his palm. The blood river was instantly shattered, and the giant tree disappeared. Just when the blood river was shattered, You Cheng and the others were already there. He fainted, which shows how powerful this move is. As soon as he saw You Cheng and the others fainting, Asura put away his palms and closed his eyes for once.

After about an hour, You Cheng woke up first. As soon as he woke up, he immediately jumped up. Then he turned around and looked around and found that the others had not woken up. At the same time, he also saw the man sitting there. Asura, that Asura was still sitting there with his eyes closed, as if he was asleep.

But Youcheng's fear of this Asura has reached its highest level. When he fought with those two Asuras before, although he was knocked unconscious before, but like this time, with one move, he was instantly knocked out. It is really rare for them to be stunned, and don't forget that their current strength is completely different from when they first arrived on the island. In this case, they are still If you can't catch the opponent's move, you will be knocked unconscious. This is really terrible.

But what You Cheng is thinking about now is not how terrifying this Asura is, but what are the characteristics of this Asura's attack. You Wan is very clear that these Asuras should all be created by Zhao Hai. , the first Asura, it is for him to make their power stronger and their blood river become more solid. Only when their blood river becomes extremely solid can they be considered to have passed. Passed the first level.

The second Thousand-Armed Asura practiced their skills. It was through that Asura that he learned how to use the Blood River to use the eight techniques of the Bloody Fight to bless the Dharma. This made their strength stronger. , became more powerful, so what was the purpose of this last Asura to train them?

While thinking about this, You Cheng looked at the Asura sitting there. The aura of this Asura was far less than that of the first two Asuras. He sat there calmly, as if he had no power at all. Same, but it was precisely because of his performance that made You Cheng even more vigilant, because after seeing the strength of this Asura, he really had no way to associate this Asura with ordinaryness.