c7374 Full training

Zhao Hai looked at the Blood Killing Sect disciples below with a calm expression, but there was a hint of smile in his eyes. To be honest, he was really happy with the recent performance of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, especially The performance of You Cheng and the others was completely beyond his expectation. He did not expect that You Cheng and the others could complete this training in such a short period of time, and the results were so good. Much better than he expected.

Seeing this result, Zhao Hai had to sigh. Some people may be really suitable for growing up in adversity. Doing the same training together, fifty groups of people, especially their initial training results Not the best, that is to say, when training with the first giant Asura, Youcheng and the others did not have the best results, but when it came to the second Thousand-Armed Asura, Youcheng and the others were The first ones to complete, by the time of the third Giant Palm Asura, they were already a long way ahead of the other teams, and they passed the Giant Palm Asura level more smoothly, so they were much better ahead of others.

Among the fifty teams training together, there are still people stuck in the second level. They have not even passed the second level, let alone the third level. This shows how big the gap is. Although a hundred people may have a hundred interpretations when faced with this situation, as long as you can pass the test, it's good, and Youcheng's performance is undoubtedly the best.

The path You Cheng and the others took can be said to be the most orthodox and fastest path. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai asked You Cheng to make jade slips based on their training experience and give them to Wen Wenhai and Hu Changfeng. They can serve as a reference, which will save Hu Changfeng and the others a lot of trouble when they go to train in the future.

As for the current strength of Youcheng and the others, Zhao Hai is certain that they are fully capable of fighting against the masters of the Asura clan. Even if they cannot kill the masters of the Asura clan, they can still block the attacks of the masters of the Asura clan. , This is because they are a team of a thousand people and are not very convenient to move. If they were easy to move, then the masters of the Asura clan may not necessarily be their opponents.

Now that You Cheng and the others are out of seclusion, they can let another thousand-man team go back to train. As long as the training of these one hundred teams is completed, then the Blood Killing Sect can completely deal with those guys from the Asura clan, and even There is no need to complete all training, even if incomplete training is completed, as long as ten teams complete training, there is nothing to worry about.

But Zhao Hai is still prepared to wait until all the training of these one hundred teams is completed, and then attack the Asura clan, because as their territory expands, they have more places to protect, and more such teams are needed. , he didn't want anything to happen to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so he would rather extend the preparation time.

There are many teams like You Cheng and others currently being trained in the Blood Killing Sect. The Eight Blood Fighting Styles are sword techniques that many Blood Killing Sect disciples must practice, so if you want to find such disciples, There is absolutely no problem in forming teams one by one and training together, so there are still many teams in the Xuanwu Space doing this kind of training.

Among these teams, there are some teams that are very special. They are the cavalry team of the Blood Killing Sect. The cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect has become less important than before. With the increase in the strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, With improvements and innovations in various tactics, the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect can no longer be the key to the success or failure of a battlefield.

But the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect are still the most elite in the Blood Killing Sect. Moreover, there is another characteristic of the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect. They have been training together, and the techniques they practice are all blood killing fighting styles. However, in the hands of the cavalry, this technique has been changed to Of course, they can also use knives, but all cavalry can use the blood-killing combat technique. In other words, they have a very deep understanding of the blood-killing combat style.

It can be said that these cavalry, Mr., are the team that practices this kind of skill to bless and integrate the Dharma, and Zhao Hai has been training them. No one knows about this. The training of the cavalry is carried out in secret, and what they do is not thousands of years old. The training is not for a small team of 10,000 people, but for a team of 10,000 or even 100,000 people. The purpose is so that when encountering a powerful enemy in the future, these small teams can rush forward and resolve the battle.

In addition to the cavalry team of the Blood Killing Sect, other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are also undergoing this kind of training. All the disciples who can use the blessings of the exercises are selected, and all the disciples who use the same exercises are compiled. They became a small team. These teams are all teams of a thousand people, some even less than a thousand people. The exercises they use are not the eight bloody battle styles. The method blessed by the exercises is naturally not a river of blood, but the training method It's all the same, that is, the skills of all of them are blessed and integrated together, so that when they encounter powerful opponents like the masters of the Asura clan, they will be able to fight.

In addition to the cavalry team and the ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples who are conducting such training, there are also two types of people who are also conducting such training. One is a special cavalry team of the Blood Killing Sect, the Orc Cavalry Team. The Orc Cavalry Team can It is said that they are the heavy cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect. Their fighting power is powerful and their impact is unmatched. However, with the reform of the Blood Killing Sect's tactics, their role is getting smaller and smaller, and they can hardly keep up. The Blood Killing Sect is moving forward.

But to say that their strength is weak is to underestimate them. The training methods of the orcs are very different from the current training methods of the Blood Killing Sect. They all carry various kinds of Tattoos, and the techniques they practice are also based on physical training. The most important thing is that they can also use animal spirits.

The so-called beast spirit is something similar to the blessing of martial arts practiced by orcs. Because they are orcs, they all have their own ancestral spirits they worship. Once they achieve a certain degree of success in practice, then the ancestral spirits in them will The spirits will be awakened, and these awakened ancestral spirits will be blessed on their bodies, just like the blessings of martial arts, but their ancestral spirits are usually in the form of monsters.

And now the orc cavalry is training in this area. They want to divide people with the same ancestral spirit into a small team, and then train together to achieve the purpose of fusing those ancestral spirits together to form a more powerful ancestral spirit. This is actually similar to the technique blessing and fusion method currently practiced by Blood Killing Sect disciples.

The other group that is undergoing similar training is the undead clan. It goes without saying that the strength of the undead clan is also different, and the techniques they practice are also different. They have some techniques that some people practice. In fact, It is the Eight Blood Fighting Postures, but when they practice the Eight Bloody Fighting Postures, some death energy will enter into the Blood Killing Fighting Postures, so their skill blessings cannot be compared with those of ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. fused together.

However, the number of the undead clan is also very large, so they can enter into training in this area on their own. There are many kinds of blessings for their techniques, and there are many who have been trained now. In addition, they are all servants of Zhao Hai. They are naturally close to each other, so they are currently training with a team of more than 10,000 people to use the techniques to support and integrate the Dharma.

It can be said that in the Blood Killing Sect, except for those disciples who have not yet mastered the blessings of the skills, everyone else is entering into the training of the blessings and fusion of the skills, because this method will make them stronger. When they face a powerful enemy, they can save their lives or even defeat the enemy. This is the most important thing.

Zhao Hai is actually happy to see the results of the current training of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. The Blood Killing Sect lacks high-end force and can only use this method to make up for it. To be honest, this method is actually very effective. It works. If you learn this method, the combat effectiveness of the team of Blood Killing Sect disciples will be further improved in the future.

This time in the Asura Realm, the Blood Killing Sect cannot use the magic circle technique. From the current point of view, this is not necessarily a bad thing for the Blood Killing Sect. If they cannot use the magic circle technique, the Blood Killing Sect The strength of the disciples has a certain influence, but it also improves the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect disciples from the side, allowing the Blood Killing Sect disciples to understand that the magic circle cannot solve all problems. Sometimes, the magic circle cannot be used. .

The strongest thing of the Blood Killing Sect before was the magic circle, but similarly, this strongest point may also become the weakness of the Blood Killing Sect. They are now in the Asura world, and they have encountered this kind of inability to use Regarding the situation of the magic circle, if they have never encountered this situation, but they encountered this situation when they encountered a very powerful enemy, by that time, the Blood Killing Sect would want to make something like this It would be difficult to change.

The Blood Killing Sect needs to grow, and the magic circle technique must not become a shackles to the Blood Killing Sect. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect become seriously dependent on the magic circle, it will really be over, so this time in the Asura world What happened here is a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. At least they have learned this method of blessing and merging the Dharma. This method has nothing to do with the magic circle and can be used under any circumstances. It can be used, which is definitely a great improvement for the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai hopes that the Blood Killing Sect will be as strong as possible. He founded the Blood Killing Sect with his own hands. He hopes to take the members of the Blood Killing Sect to ascend and live forever together. However, if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are too weak, then It will only become a drag on him. Zhao Hai doesn't want to live forever with a drag on him, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must grow up and become his help in immortality.

Just like Fajing and others said, the situation in Wanshan Realm is the same. Why do the masters in Wanshan Realm build their own inner space after reaching a certain level of strength? Because this inner space will become a boost for their ascension. , if they build an inner space and this inner space becomes a drag on their ascension, will they still build this inner space? Of course not. The same goes for Zhao Hai. He doesn't want the people of the Blood Killing Sect to become a drag on him.