c7372 murderous look

Murderous aura is a sharp weapon. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know this. It is precisely because they all know that, for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, if this sharp weapon is not used properly, they will hurt themselves. Murderous aura must be induced by murderous intent, but if you keep having murderous intent in your body, then this murderous intent will slowly affect your mind, and you will slowly become murderous. This is very scary because even if you don't kill, if you maintain the intention to kill for a long time, you may develop inner demons.

It is precisely because murderous aura has so many side effects that although the Blood Murder Sect has been practicing murderous aura before, it cannot completely control the murderous aura. Therefore, even the former Blood Murder Sect cannot really control the murderous aura. There are very few people who can completely integrate murderous intent into their own skills. Even if they can integrate it, they may eventually become possessed and become a murderous maniac. This is why the Blood Killing Sect was originally regarded as One of the reasons for the magic gate.

After Zhao Hai rebuilt the Blood Slaughter Sect, although he also asked his disciples to practice how to control murderous aura, he rarely let his disciples integrate murderous aura into their skills. He just asked the disciples to control the murderous aura. Once the murderous intention is suppressed, there will be no murderous intention in the heart, and naturally there will be no inner demons or obsessions.

This is especially true after the people of the Blood Killing Sect have learned Buddhist techniques. They are learning Buddhist techniques. Buddhist techniques themselves have the function of cultivating the mind and character. They use Buddhist techniques to suppress murderous intent. , so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will be more peaceful and less likely to go crazy.

But this does not mean that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have no intention to kill at all. The Blood Killing Sect has gone through countless battles over the years. If there is no killing intention during the battle, what will be the final result you get? If you don't have murderous intent on the battlefield, then you just wait to be killed. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now have very heavy murderous intent, but these murderous intents have been controlled by them, and at the same time they have been controlled by the Buddhist techniques. It was suppressed, so ordinary people couldn't see this murderous aura.

But now You Cheng and the others are in a special situation. They are a thousand-man team, and the final strength of their thousand-man team must be integrated together. This requires everyone to stay calm. In addition, the Asura they are facing now is not the real Asura. It was Zhao Hai who trained them. They all know this very well, so when they fight against this Asura, they have No murderous intent.

But now that You Cheng was reminded by that disciple, he finally remembered, yes, murderous intent is also a kind of momentum, and if the murderous intent of a thousand of them wanted to be fused together, it would not be easy. The addition of murderous aura to their skills will also cause some changes in the skills. This does require good training, so Zhao Hai arranged such a level. Thinking of this, You Cheng couldn't help but feel more confident.

So when the last disciple woke up, he immediately said loudly: "Get up, everyone, pay attention, integrate the murderous intention into the technique, but at the same time, you must also pay attention." Just as he was speaking, the Asura had already At once he stretched out his hand and patted them.

As for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, when they heard what You Cheng said and knew that You Cheng was the problem before, they were not surprised. He immediately mobilized his murderous intention and directly aroused the murderous intention. However, those who had just woken up were not surprised. Those who knew what You Cheng and the others had said before were all stunned. However, they were all experienced warriors. They immediately understood what You Cheng meant, so they immediately mobilized their killing powers. Meaning, causing murderous intent.

Integrating murderous intent into the martial arts is not a problem at all for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They have often done this before, so it is not difficult for him. Soon their murderous intent will disappear. Integrated into his own skills, and also integrated into the blessings of their skills.

As soon as they integrated their murderous aura into the blessings of their skills, they immediately felt different. They found that their own skills and blessings seemed not as easy to control as before. After such a long period of time, Training, their skills and blessings have become very solid. The skills and blessings of a thousand people are like a whole, it can even be said that they are a whole. This is the result of their training these days.

But now, when they integrated their murderous aura into the blessings of their skills, they found that their skills seemed not to be so easy to control, and they had become extremely solid and became one body of skills and blessings. Now it seems to be less solid again, as if it is in danger of collapse at any time.

You Cheng also noticed this, but he also noticed another point, that is, when the murderous aura was integrated into the blessing technique, the technique seemed to have an extra bit of ferocity. He had seen it before When Asura's big hand pressed over, there would be a feeling in my heart that there was nowhere to hide, but it disappeared in an instant, and my whole body felt relaxed.

You Cheng's eyes flashed, and he knew that he had found the right method, but before he could make any adjustments, the big hand had already touched their blood river, because You Cheng had not used any other moves just now. , so this press was very firm, and a bang was heard, and You Cheng and the others fainted at once.

But when You Cheng woke up for the first time, he was no longer angry, because he knew that he had found the right method. Next, as long as he knew how to integrate murderous aura into the technique, they You can deal with that Asura, so You Cheng is a little excited now.

At this time, other disciples also woke up one after another. You Cheng glanced at those people and said solemnly: "When we were experimenting just now, I found that integrating murderous aura into the technique can indeed counter the opponent's momentum. , that is to say, our method is correct. Although it will affect the solidity of our exercises and blessings, we can train it slowly, so don’t panic. I think we are now The path to take is the right one.”

Upon hearing what he said, everyone else nodded. They also discovered this, so no one objected. You Cheng looked at the faces of everyone, and then said: "Then let's talk about how to make our skills and blessings more solid. I think we made a mistake before, that is We first integrated the blessings of the exercises together, and then input the murderous aura into them. In this way, the murderous aura is integrated into the exercises. If a person uses the exercises alone, it will naturally not be a problem. , whether you add the murderous aura first or add the murderous aura last, it is the same thing, but now we have a thousand people acting together, so this method is not suitable. I think we must mobilize the murderous aura first, and cooperate with the murderous aura. The skills are fused together, and then our skills and blessings are fused together to form the skills and blessings. I think this might be better, so let’s give it a try this time.”

When the others heard what he said, they all nodded, thinking that what he said made sense. They had indeed put the Dharma and Physique together first, and then added the murderous aura, so that the murderous auras would naturally conflict, but If they first integrated the murderous aura into their own skills, and then integrated the blessings of the skills together, the effect might be different.

When You Cheng saw that everyone was nodding in agreement, he said: "Okay, tell everyone who wakes up to integrate the murderous aura into their own skills first, and then we will perform the blessing and fusion of the skills. Remember, Everyone is informed that after everyone wakes up, we will give everyone ten breaths of preparation time, which is only ten breaths of time, because after ten breaths, the Asura's attack will come."

Everyone agreed in unison, and then they immediately informed all the people who had just woken up. When those people woke up, they all felt that it made sense and could give it a try, so everyone was ready. , everyone even unconsciously turned their attention to Asura, who had been sitting there with his eyes closed.

At this time, the last disciple woke up, and someone immediately informed him of You Cheng's decision. He immediately nodded, and at this time, You Cheng also began to say loudly: "One, two, three , four,...eight, nine, ten, get up!" With You Cheng's words, their skills and blessings merged together at once.

You Cheng carefully felt the blessings of the kung fu that were fused together this time. They found that although the blessings of the kung fu this time were still a little unstable, the situation was much better, and because the murderous aura was added to the technique, it was already Perfectly withstood that Asura's momentum.

You Cheng was overjoyed. He knew that he had the right method. Although some of their fusions were still unstable, he believed that after several hammerings, their fusion would no longer be like this. By then The power of their exercises and blessings will definitely be even greater.

When you thought of this, You Cheng couldn't help but gain confidence. He immediately directed the blood river and hit the big hand. He heard a loud bang and the blood river was blown away, but magically Yes, You Cheng and the others did not faint this time. They immediately fused the skills and blessings together, but the big hand still pressed down, and You Cheng and the others finally fainted.

When You Cheng woke up, he looked at the Asura and smiled. He knew that he had found a way to defeat the Asura. It was only a matter of time to defeat the Asura, so now he He was no longer worried at all. On the contrary, he was very happy. He had an intuition that as long as he could defeat this Asura, then they would have completed this training and they could leave here. , they can go to the Asura Realm and fight those Asuras head-on. He wants to see how the masters of the Asura Realm will react at that time.