c7377 Zhu Yong

"Lao Gu, if the Asura clan really uses cavalry to deal with us, do you have any way to deal with the Asura clan? After all, the grassland is flat. If we really fight with the Asura clan on the grassland, we can't do it. If you are good, you will suffer a loss." Chang Jun looked at Gu Yuanzheng and asked.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "We still focus on combat plants. Our combat plants are very simple to plant and their combat effectiveness is very strong. So I think that after we arrive on the grassland, we can also change our methods. Let's The disciples are walking at the front, marching all the way. If the Asura clan really sends cavalry to attack us, those disciples can immediately set up a line of defense with war plants, mainly the Sky Bread Tree and Babel Vine. .”

"It's a good idea. The Qingtian Bread Tree is very tall and may block the enemy's impact, and the Babel Vine itself can attack the Asura clan. Yes, very good." Wen Wenhai heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, and arrived He nodded and agreed with what he said, and he also thought it was a good idea.

Gu Yuanzheng then said: "And it's not like we don't have giant beasts. As long as their cavalry loses their impact, it will be our turn to take action. We can completely let those Babel vines form a bridge to let our giants Beast, charge across the bridge. At that time, our giant beast will be charging from high to low, and its power will be even greater."

Everyone nodded. Gu Yuanzheng's proposal was indeed very good. Charging from high to low could indeed make the cavalry more powerful. For the Blood Killing Sect, this was not a good idea. This is definitely a good thing. It will make the impact of their giant beasts stronger and fully unleash their power.

At this time, Hu Wei suddenly said: "I have another news to tell you. Recently, our research here at Lingzhi Hall has also made progress. We have produced several magic and combat plants. These combat plants can release magic." , of course, the main ones are wood-type sea magic, and there are also some other magic. In addition, we can also let the Gangfeng Tree clan join the battle, so we can not only use giant beasts to hedge against the enemy, but also use magic to attack. enemy."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Hu Wei said, they were stunned at first, but then they all looked excited. Wen Wenhai even said: "Okay, great, hahaha, in this way, we will win." The certainty is even greater, even if the enemy sends all the cavalry, we have nothing to worry about."

Everyone nodded, and then Shu Li also said: "We have made some progress here in the Spirit Beast Hall. We have developed a new spirit insect. This spirit insect is a bit like the one we used before. Magic bugs are just consumables, but their power is very huge. When they explode, their power is equivalent to the effect of a full blow for people of our level, but they are not big in size and are very easy to conceal."

Wen Wenhai's face showed joy again, and he immediately nodded and said: "Okay, let's make more, and then we can use them. Let's do it, boss, you are making a battle Come up with a plan and write down all the ways you can think of that the enemy might use to attack us. Also, Lao Hu, write down the various Asura situations you encountered when you were training in the Xuanwu Space. Also have a good talk with the leader of the formation and see if we will encounter those Asuras."

Hu Changfeng was stunned, and then he immediately understood what Wen Wenhai meant. When they were training in the Xuanwu Space, they encountered three types of Asuras. Each type of Asura was different, and the differences between those Asuras were also different. It will cause some changes in the Blood Killing Sect, which the Blood Killing Sect also has to guard against.

Wen Wenhai then looked at the crowd and said: "No matter whether the enemy uses cavalry to deal with us or not, we must guard against them, so I will give everyone five days to prepare this time. After five days, we will Is there no problem in attacking the Asura clan?"

Everyone said solemnly: "Yes, there is no problem." They have all experienced so many battles and are extremely experienced. Naturally they know what they should do, and naturally there will be no problem. In their view, the enemy Whether you use cavalry to deal with them or deal with them as before, there will be no problems.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "The masters who still have to guard against the enemy may take the opportunity to deal with us. Now our territory is not small. In the eyes of the masters of Asura, the bigger the territory becomes." , the harder it is to defend, so they may attack us directly, from different directions, directly attack our base to cause chaos. Then it will be up to you, Lao Hu, you There won’t be any problems there, right?”

Hu Changfeng said solemnly: "No problem, here on the front line, we keep twenty teams at all times, and the remaining thirty teams are sent to various places, which is enough to protect the entire base of our Blood Killing Sect. , Elder Wen, please rest assured." Hu Changfeng is indeed ready. The reason why twenty teams are left here on the front line is because he is worried that this will become the focus of the entire battlefield. If that is really the case, Then they must keep more people here. Although the combat effectiveness of their teams is very strong, there is a point that they can only support it for an hour. After an hour, they must take a rest, so that There must be people who rotate, so not only are there twenty teams on the front line, but the teams sent to other places are also in groups of two, one group is ready to fight, and the other group is ready to replace at any time. This can ensure that they can always They all maintained their fighting power.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. Go back and prepare. In five days, we will advance to the Asura clan. Go ahead." Everyone agreed, then turned and left, but one person did not. He left, but that person was Zhu Yong. Zhu Yong stood there. After everyone retreated, he was still standing there.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Zhu Yong, he knew that Zhu Yong must have something to talk to him about. He looked at Zhu Yong, and Zhu Yong said to Wen Wenhai in a deep voice: "If Elder Wen feels that Lao Hu and the others are short of manpower, you can follow me. Said, I can also transfer the cavalry team. Although the training of the cavalry team has not been completed yet, their strength should be stronger than Lao Hu and the others. With them in charge, we should not have to worry about the base. 's safety is in danger."

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but be stunned when he heard what Zhu Yong said. Then he immediately understood what Zhu Yong meant. He looked at Zhu Yong with excitement and said: "Old Zhu, what you mean is that the training of the cavalry team is to follow the training of the old man. Hu and the others have the same training? But even then, didn’t you say that their training has not been completed yet? How can they be more powerful than Lao Hu and the others? "

Zhu Yong smiled slightly and said: "The cavalry team is training a team of 10,000 people, so it has not been completed yet. But if a team of 1,000 people responds to the enemy, there will be no problem." Now Zhao Hai handed over the cavalry team to Zhu Yong. In his hands, Zhu Yong used to be the intelligence chief of the Blood Killing Sect, but now Zhao Hai has handed over the most elite cavalry in the Blood Killing Sect into the hands of Zhu Yong. This shows that he still trusts Zhu Yong very much, and Zhu Yong is indeed It is worthy of his trust, you must know that Zhu Yong is his servant.

Wen Wenhai said excitedly: "Okay, great, then you can transfer the cavalry here for a while. I always feel that there will be a fierce battle when entering the grassland. With the cavalry here, I will also You can rest assured." Wen Wenhai was really happy this time. He thought before that there was a shortage of manpower, but now with the cavalry, this problem has been solved.

Zhu Yong responded, then turned and left the tent. After Zhu Yong left, Wen Wenhai breathed a sigh of relief. Now he could finally rest assured. He believed that the training of the cavalry must be taken care of by Zhao Hai personally, so Only then did Zhu Yong tell him that it looked like they would have a fierce battle here on the grassland.

Wen Wenhai knew that Zhao Hai would have a strange feeling before every battle. He also believed in Zhao Hai's feeling, so Wen Wenhai paid more attention to the battle five days later. Zhao Hai could also give the cavalry team Sent out, this already shows from another aspect that they will definitely have a fierce battle here in the grassland. It would be too embarrassing if he didn't know what to do.

Wen Wenhai didn't have any objection to Zhao Hai handing over the cavalry team to Zhu Yong. He knew what Zhu Yong's status was in the Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that Zhu Yong's status in the Blood Killing Sect was He is no less important than him, but Zhu Yong has always been very low-key and has never shown off in front of others, so now many people in the Blood Killing Sect will subconsciously ignore him.

But Wen Wenhai would not ignore him. Wen Wenhai knew very well that although what Zhu Yong did was very important, there were some things that could not be put on the table. He also knew that Zhu Yong might be interested in him. People in the Blood Killing Sect conducted surveillance, but he did not object at all to Zhu Yong's approach. To be precise, he did not object to Zhao Hai's approach, because he knew very well that there was no such thing as Zhao Hai's Zhu Yong did not dare to do this.

Wen Wenhai knows that although the Blood Killing Sect was founded by Zhao Hai, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have always regarded Zhao Hai as the same, and no one will betray Zhao Hai, but as a superior, if there is no point If you don't have any means, then this superior is not a qualified superior. Every superior must have his own means of controlling his subordinates. It is really normal for Zhao Hai to do this. , if he doesn't do this, it will be abnormal.

As for Zhu Yong, although Wen Wenhai values ​​​​very much, he does not have much contact with Zhu Yong. He knows that with people like Zhu Yong, it is better not to have too much contact with him. Zhu Yong does It has also been decided that he cannot have too much contact with other people, so people like Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun will not have too close and secret contact with Zhu Yong. Zhu Yong also knows this very well. Son, so he has always been a loner and rarely interacts with others. This is also where he is smart.