c7379 win

The sound of breaking wind came, and a long black knife suddenly flew from the horizon. This long knife was about a hundred meters long, and its whole body was black. It was slashed in the air, with the sound of ghosts crying. The sound was very harsh, making everyone who heard the sound feel uncomfortable all over and hairy in their hearts.

The long knife slashed straight at a blood river of the Blood Killing Sect, but there was no movement in other places. It seemed that people from the Asura clan were conducting tests to see if Zhao Hai was real. If he is no longer here, will he really not take action? They are still very afraid of Zhao Hai.

Just when the long knife was slashing towards the blood river, the blood river surged, and then the blood river rushed towards the long knife. A bang was heard, the blood river and the long knife collided, and the blood river was A hole was opened, but the hole was quickly restored, and the long knife had disappeared.

This time, the people of the Blood Killing Sect did not react much, and the people of the Asura clan did not react much either, because both of them knew that this was just a test, and now the people of the Asura clan Look, they attacked the Blood Killing Sect's territory, but Zhao Hai didn't show up. Does that mean that Zhao Hai doesn't want to get involved in this matter now? Or is there something wrong with him that prevents him from intervening in this matter? This is good news for the Asura clan.

As soon as they thought of this, the people of the Asura clan got excited, and they immediately began to attack the Blood Killing Sect's base. They knew very well that this was an opportunity, although Zhao Hai might take action at any time. , but if Zhao Hai really couldn't take action because of something, it would definitely be a good thing for them.

They had seen those blood rivers before when they fought against Zhao Hai. At that time, they also tried to attack the blood river. Naturally, they knew the strength of the blood river. The strength of the blood river was not very strong. They believed in them. They can definitely break through the blood river. Although the blood rivers that appear now seem to be stronger than the blood rivers they fought against at that time, they still don't take it too seriously. In their opinion, this whole thing In the Blood Killing Sect, there is only one person they can be afraid of, and that is Zhao Hai. Others are not worthy of their fear.

It is precisely because of this idea that the Asura clan immediately launched an attack, and the attacks became more fierce each time. Countless black fists were seen hitting the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and the guards The blood rivers at the Blood Killing Sect base also immediately changed. Some blood rivers turned into countless blood rivers and violent winds to meet them. Some were just blood rivers and met them directly. Inside, he also brought huge thick logs and faced them. Suddenly, the roaring sound of energy clashing in the sky was endless, just like the thunder before the storm.

Such sounds have affected the Blood Killing Sect disciples and the Asura cavalry below. Those Asura cavalry have already seen that it is not easy for them to attack the Blood Killing Sect. Their cavalry has been killed by the Blood Killing Sect. The Zong's tree wall was blocked, and their cavalry was almost useless. Now they could only rely on their own strength to fight against the Blood Killing Clan. It had nothing to do with whether they were cavalry or not.

And they are cavalry, which is actually their biggest advantage. Now their cavalry is of no use. This is tantamount to giving up their biggest advantage, which is very disadvantageous for them. In addition, Their casualties were heavy, so those Asuras had already decided to retreat.

But now the fighting in the sky will continue. Although it seems that the Asura clan has not taken advantage of it, if they dare to retreat at this time, the masters of the Asura clan will not let them go. Therefore, although the Asura cavalry wanted to retreat, they still could not and did not dare to retreat. However, their morale was naturally affected.

As for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the current situation is completely different. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know what Hu Changfeng and the others are doing. They did it to deal with the masters of the Asura clan. But the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect , I have never known how strong they are. I have only seen them take action once before, but that time they were not the main force. The real main force was Zhao Hai. They just went up to help.

Now that Zhao Hai has stopped taking action, they have become the main force. This makes the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel very unsure. They don't know if these people can stop the attack of the Asura clan, so although they have been fighting with the Asura clan, The Shura clan's cavalry fought, but they were also paying attention to the battle in the sky.

As soon as they saw the rivers of blood, which were comparable to the giant black hands, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but burst into joy. They were really so happy. These teams of their Blood Killing Sect, With such a powerful fighting force, what else do they have to fear? With them here, it is absolutely no problem to destroy these Asuras, so their morale was greatly boosted and they attacked even more fiercely.

The fierceness of their attack made those Asuras feel the pressure. They were already low in morale. Now when they saw the people of the Blood Killing Sect attacking with all their strength one by one, like crazy tigers, this made them feel even more pressure. Finally, it was Unable to hold it any longer, he began to retreat slowly.

Gu Yuanzheng has been paying attention to the situation on the front line. He is very confident in Hu Changfeng and the others. He knows what kind of training Hu Changfeng and the others have gone through. It can be said that Hu Changfeng and the others were trained by Zhao Hai himself. If they still can't stop them As for the masters of the Asura clan, they are too useless, so Gu Yuanzheng now pays attention to the fighting situation between the two armies on the front line, but there are more.

As soon as he saw that the Asura clan couldn't stand it anymore, Gu Yuanzheng immediately knew that the people of the Asura clan might not be able to bear the pressure. He immediately ordered an army of the Blood Killing Sect that had not participated in the war to join the battle. , this army is none other than the alien army.

The alien army of the Blood Killer Sect did not participate in the war before, because the front line was composed of disciples of the Blood Killer Sect. Those disciples can activate the war planting seeds and are very easy to use, so now those who really participate in the war are those Blood Killer Sect disciples. The disciples of the sect, who used to be at the forefront of the alien army, did not participate in the battle.

Now seeing that the Asura clan couldn't stand it anymore, Gu Yuanzheng naturally stopped being polite and sent out the Alien clan directly. The Alien clan can be combined to fight, and they dare to fight hard and are not afraid of fighting. Therefore, when they attacked, they were also very fierce and rushed straight towards the Asura clan.

With an army like them who dared to fight hard, the battle situation could be said to have changed instantly. Originally, the Asura clan had already wanted to retreat, and even more so now. Faced with the all-out attack of the alien army, the Asura clan was I really can't stand it anymore, because these alien armies use desperate moves. They don't care about their own life or death. As long as they kill you, they don't mind dying with you.

Although those Asuras are good at fighting, they also have their own ideas. They don't want to fight these madmen. In addition, they have long since thought of quitting, so naturally they can't stand it anymore. The people of the Blood Killing Sect, They were beaten back. Although they were not defeated, they were retreating steadily, and they were unable to counterattack the Blood Killing Sect.

The battle in the sky was still continuing at this time. The masters of the Asura clan did not expect that the strength of the blood rivers of the Blood Killing Sect would be so strong. They only dispatched the same number of blood rivers as them and blocked them all. Their attack was something they had never thought of before.

They have used various methods, but they still can't do anything about the blood river. In addition, they also noticed that the Asura clan's cavalry was slowly retreating. They knew that those Asura cavalry could not stand it. Once they stopped, they had no intention of continuing to fight, so after attacking for nearly an hour, they retreated without attacking.

It is precisely because they are not attacking that they do not notice that if they attack the Blood Killer Sect for an hour, they will find that the blood rivers will undergo a transformation, and the blood rivers they are fighting will retreat directly. , there will be a new blood river to take over the battle with them.

Although this kind of conversion may not cause any problems, there will still be some gaps in the middle of the conversion. If they really seize the opportunity, the Blood Killing Sect may be passive. But unfortunately, They did not wait until that time and retreated directly, so they did not discover this.

After the Asura clan retreated, the Blood Killing Sect's army did not stop and continued to attack all the way forward. Although the Asura cavalry in the middle organized two counterattacks, they were all killed by the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. After being repulsed, the defensive power of the Blood Killing Sect's wall-mounted battle was really amazing, especially when dealing with cavalry. The Asura clan had absolutely no choice with this kind of tactics.

As the people of the Asura clan retreated, the people of the Blood Killing Sect kept advancing. In the end, they finally advanced to a place thousands of miles away. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately began to build a defense line, and the Zhan Zhi Wall was set up, and the army behind them also They all followed, and at the same time all the Sky Tree forts were erected. With these Sky Tree forts, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can rest inside, and there is also a pounding formation in this tree fort, which can It is very convenient for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to teleport back to the Xuanwu Space.

Now the blood-killing sect's war plant system can be said to have been fully developed. Various war plants are emerging in endlessly, and they can almost replace the magic circle. Of course, if these war plants want to completely replace the magic circle, That is impossible, but the power of these war plants is not small, enough for the current Blood Killing Sect to use.

After all the communication trees on the front line are planted, this territory will completely belong to the Blood Killing Sect. This makes everyone in the Blood Killing Sect extremely happy. They are happy not only because they won this battle, but more importantly. Yes, they finally no longer have to be afraid of the masters of the Asura clan. Even if Zhao Hai doesn't take action, they can still defeat the masters of the Asura clan and repel the masters of the Asura clan.