c7378 War begins

Five days passed in the blink of an eye. Wen Wenhai called everyone together at once. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai did not waste any words and directly said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Old Gu, what are you preparing there? How are you doing?" This time we are going to attack the grassland, Gu Yuanzheng is still the frontline commander, and this time we have to redeploy our troops for this attack, so the first thing Wen Wenhai asked was Gu Yuanzheng.

Gu Yuanzheng immediately stood up and said: "Everything is ready and you can attack at any time." He had been on the front line for a long time, so he knew how to mobilize his troops. In addition, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all elites, so he mobilized them. It was so convenient that it didn't even take two days, and the deployment of troops on the front line was completed.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to look at Hu Changfeng. Hu Changfeng also stood up and said solemnly: "We don't have any problems here. All the teams are in place and can take action at any time." Hu Changfeng here It's even simpler. If he wants to mobilize people, he only needs to use the teleportation array to mobilize them.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then his eyes glanced at Zhu Yong. Zhu Yong nodded slightly, and Wen Wenhai felt relieved. He immediately said in a deep voice: "Okay, prepare to attack at Chenshi tomorrow. Make no mistake, everyone should go back." Everyone responded in unison, and then dispersed.

Early the next morning, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect got up early, especially the disciples on the front line. They were prepared early. This time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stood at the front for the first time, behind them. , are those giant beasts, but the alien Yaksha can no longer be seen. They are at the back of the team and there is no need for them now.

Following the order from Gu Yuanzheng, the army began to slowly advance towards the grassland. There was actually a transition from the forest to the grassland, but the transition was not very long. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect moved forward slowly, in From time to time, some bamboos and wild flowers will grow in front of them. These bamboos and wild flowers are flute bamboos and campanula flowers. They are afraid that the enemy will use such powerful weapons to deal with them, so they got these war plants.

Along the way, we walked for about a hundred miles, but we didn't meet a single person from the Asura clan. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were puzzled, they were able to keep their composure. They were all elites, so what? They have encountered all kinds of situations. Baili couldn't meet the enemy, and it didn't scare them. On the contrary, they became more vigilant.

Just as they were still walking forward, suddenly about five miles in front of them, there was a sudden distortion, as if the space was twisted by someone, and then the space suddenly turned into a mirror. , seemed to be broken at once. After the mirror was broken, countless Asuras suddenly appeared from behind the mirror.

These Asuras are very different from those that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have seen before. These Asuras are all tall, but they only have two hands and two eyes, but their shoulders are broad and their backs are broad. They have big shoulders and round waists, and bulging muscles. Each of them holds a long wooden stick in his hand. The wooden stick is completely black and looks like an iron rod.

On their backs, they all carry eight wooden sticks, and these eight wooden sticks are somewhat shorter. And each of them sat down and rode a tall horse. This horse looked very tall. Each horse was about ten feet tall. Each horse had six legs. These horses Their hair is very long and tangled together, and it looks like they are wearing a set of chain armor on their bodies.

A ten-foot-tall giant horse, and the knights on the horse are sometimes more than three feet tall. This makes this Asura cavalry look extremely tough, and as soon as this Asura cavalry appears, it immediately shouts. With a cry, all the Asura cavalry rushed towards the Blood Killing Sect's army.

The rumble of hoofbeats sounded, shaking the earth and also the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are after all experienced in many battles. After being stunned for a moment, they immediately reacted. In fact, they had already been on alert, so they reacted immediately. The captains of each team shouted After shouting, the Blood Killing Sect disciple in front immediately took out the seeds one by one and threw them directly to the ground.

As soon as the seeds fell to the ground, giant trees hundreds of meters high immediately stood up from the ground. At the same time, giant vines that were thousands of meters long also rose into the sky. In the blink of an eye, in the blood, In front of the killing clan's army, a row of tree walls formed, and the thickness of this tree wall continued to increase.

However, the cavalry of the Asura clan came very quickly. It could almost be said that they were almost in front of the tree wall of the Blood Killing Sect in less than a hundred breaths. Their six-legged horses were not only powerful, but also He was tall and his speed was naturally amazing. In a blink of an eye, he was in front of the tree wall and crashed straight into the tree wall.

A loud bang was heard, and a piece of the tree wall in the first row was knocked down. However, the speed of the horse also stopped immediately, and at this time, the people of the Asura clan discovered that , there are countless giant vines entangled on the tree wall. Those giant vines are intertwined with each other, like a big net, connecting all the giant trees together.

In the past, the people of the Asura clan always thought that the tree wall was just a big tree growing there. They didn't care too much. As long as they bumped into it, they could rush over. But with those giant vines, those When the tree wall is connected together, it will be completely different. The trees on the tree wall have changed from a single individual to a whole. It is easy to destroy each individual, but it is easy to destroy the whole. , that would be difficult, which is why those horses only knocked down a row of tree walls and slowed down after a moment.

When they hit the second row of tree walls, although they still knocked down the tree wall without force, their speed almost stopped. At this moment, they saw countless tree vines, coming from the tree wall. The back of his body stretched out, like strips of iron whip, and swept straight towards the Asura cavalry.

As soon as the Asuras saw this situation, they all shouted loudly. Then they swept the long sticks in their hands towards the trees and vines. They heard a loud roar and the trees and vines fell directly. Of course, there were also some Asuras who were swept off their horses by tree vines.

At this time, the people of the Asura clan discovered that there were countless vines stretching out from behind the tree wall. However, these vines were weird. They actually stretched out side by side from behind the tree wall. It looked like It was like a bridge, and the bridge stretched all the way to the heads of the Asura clan's cavalry, and then stopped.

It is said that when the Asura army did not know what was going on, they heard a rumbling sound, and then saw countless giant beasts, suddenly rushing down from the bridge, rushing straight towards the Asura army, the bridge At this time, it actually grew longer and fell to the ground. Those giant beasts rushed directly from the bridge into the Asura clan's army.

This time the charge came very fast. The Asura clan was not prepared at all. Those giant beasts had already rushed into their army. Those giant beasts directly hit Asura's cavalry, and immediately there were countless The Asura clan's cavalry were knocked off their horses. Of course, Asura's cavalry did not sit still. They immediately began to counterattack, crossing the bridge and attacking the giant beasts rushing down from both sides.

At this moment, ten extremely powerful auras suddenly rushed towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect from ten directions. This aura was so powerful that it was obvious at a glance that it was coming from a master. All disciples know that the masters of the Asura clan finally couldn't bear it any longer and were about to take action against the Blood Killing Sect's base.

But just when the momentum of the masters of the Asura clan pressed against the base of the Blood Killing Sect, rivers of blood suddenly rose up from the base of the Blood Killing Sect. These blood rivers were very long and very long. Wide, blood rivers formed a line of defense around the base of the Blood Killing Sect, protecting the Blood Killing Sect's base within it.

And on these blood rivers, there is actually a murderous aura that soars to the sky. This murderous aura is very strong. When paired with the color of the blood river, it makes people have a wrong feeling. It feels that the blood flowing in the blood river is not water, but... It was like blood, as if the entire Blood Killing Sect's base was filled with the smell of blood.

The smell of blood was originally very annoying, but after the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect smelled the smell of blood and saw the power of the blood river, not only did they not feel any discomfort, on the contrary, they all felt... They were so excited that they felt that the blood in their bodies seemed to be burning.

Then Gu Yuanzheng gave an order, and all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect released their beast soul blessings and attacked the Asura clan's army. Although the Asura clan's army is all cavalry, they have all stopped now because they failed to break through the increasingly thick tree wall in the Blood Killing Sect.

Everyone knows that charging cavalry is very scary, but cavalry that stops have nothing to be afraid of. Charging cavalry can easily kill infantry, but once they stop, they are facing the infantry. , there won’t be much of an advantage.

The two sides were completely strangled together. It was obvious at this time that the cavalry of the Asura clan were really very powerful. Although their charge had stopped, the long sticks in their hands were still very powerful. They are huge, and the short sticks they carry behind their backs can be used as javelins, and they are very well prepared.

The most important thing is that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect discovered that the power of these Asuras was much greater than the Asuras they had encountered before. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, faced with such Asuras, how could one person cope with them? No, it took several people to deal with one, so for a while, they had nothing to do with those Asuras.

The battle situation immediately fell into a stalemate, but neither side has the ability to break the stalemate now. The Asura clan cannot break through the tree wall of the Blood Killing Sect, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are unable to kill the Asura clan's cavalry at once. If you retreat, no one can do anything about it.