c7371 Method

While You Cheng was still thinking about what this Asura was training them to do, the other disciples also woke up one after another. After these disciples woke up, before You Cheng could say anything to them, Seeing that Asura stretched out his hand, You Cheng was shocked, and immediately shouted: "Get up." Following his voice, the blood river appeared again, and then he shouted, his A huge mountain of corpses suddenly appeared above the head, and a river of blood flowed at the foot of the mountain.

And at this moment, I saw that huge hand that had become extremely huge, pressing down on the mountain of corpses. I heard a loud bang, the mountain of corpses collapsed, and the river of blood dispersed at once, and You Cheng and the others also fainted once, but they still couldn't even take a single move.

When You Cheng woke up, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. That Asura was still there, but they, as a group of people, still couldn't even take one of the opponent's moves. You must know that when he dealt with that Asura this time , used the Blood Sea Corpse Mountain, one of the eight killing moves of the bloody battle, but even so, he was still no match for Asura, which made his face look better.

However, You Cheng did not feel sorry for himself. He knew very well that that would not solve any problems. The most important thing for them was actually to find a way to deal with this Asura. This Asura's moves seemed ordinary. There was nothing strange about it, but when his hand pressed down, You Cheng felt like there was nowhere to hide. The most important thing was that that seemingly ordinary palm seemed to be... With an aura, an aura that covers the sky and the sun, this aura is so strong that it has already weakened their aura by three points before it collided with their river of blood.

You Cheng was thinking about the process of Asura's attack. It looked unpleasant, but it had a strange rhythm that made it impossible for you to escape. It seemed that the speed of his attack had slowed down, and your reaction had also slowed down. Then it slowed down, and Naiwai didn't even think about using any idea to avoid his palm, and just wanted to fight him head-on.

In fact, it is impossible for them to hide even if they want to. There are a thousand of them. When fighting the enemy, they can command the river of blood to engage the enemy, allowing them to avoid the enemy's attack just like one person. , that is impossible, so hiding is not an option and can only be fought head-on. But in a head-to-head fight, how can one defeat this powerful Asura?

Just when You Cheng was thinking about these things, other people woke up one after another. While there were still people who had not woken up, You Cheng immediately said to those who woke up: "Everyone thinks that this Asura How is his offense? Think about the characteristics of his offense."

They had had discussions like this several times before, so these people reacted immediately, and then said: "He is very powerful. When he attacked, I felt that the sky was blocked. We There is nowhere to escape, and there is even a feeling that we cannot stop them at all.”

The others also nodded, and it seemed that they all had the same opinion. Hearing that the man was so prolific, You Cheng couldn't help but fall into deep thought. He was thinking about how this feeling was caused, and this Is this feeling the reason for their failure?

At this time, everyone woke up. The Asura didn't give them a chance to chat. His big hand stretched out and grabbed Yu Cheng and the others. You Cheng immediately shouted loudly. , the Blood River appeared above their heads once, and then they saw countless blood-red cities appear above their heads. These cities seemed to be real cities, with a flag on each city. The style of each flag and the words on the flag are different.

But at this moment, that big hand pressed on those cities again and again, and a loud bang was heard. Those cities collapsed all of a sudden, and then the blood river disappeared, but You Cheng and the others He fainted once. After he fainted, You Cheng had only one thought in his mind: "How on earth are we going to pass this level?"

In this way, after You Cheng and the others woke up, they were knocked unconscious by the Asura. They were not given much chance at all. You Cheng and the others also never found out how to deal with the Asura. , because the time given to him to think was too short, and he really couldn't figure out how to deal with this Asura in such a short time.

This Asura's strength is really too strong. Although he only has one hand, the power of his hand is much stronger than that of the giant with two hands and the Asura with a thousand arms. Many, this hand didn't give them any chance at all. Every time it came up, it slapped them, and a slap would knock them unconscious. It didn't even give them a chance to adapt, which gave You Cheng a huge headache.

This has been the case for three days in a row, which made You Cheng feel painful and extremely angry at the same time. He has almost forgotten that the Asura was made by Zhao Hai. He just felt that that Asura was made by Zhao Hai. Shura was really too hateful to treat him like this.

But the more this happened, the calmer he became. He was thinking about how to eliminate this Asura, so when he fought with that Asura for the first time, he was feeling the strength of that Asura, feeling that The characteristics of Asura when attacking, I want to find a way to fight against that Asura.

During such constant observation, You Cheng really felt something different. He found that Asura's strength did not seem to be very strong, but his strongest point was his momentum. As soon as that kind of momentum came over, they were already timid, so they were defeated one after another.

Momentum, You Cheng really didn't pay attention to this thing before. In his opinion, as long as the strength is enough, the aura will naturally be enough, and there is nothing to be afraid of, but this time he is fighting against that Asura. At that time, the Asura taught him a vivid lesson, telling him how important momentum is.

But how to counter the momentum? You Cheng couldn't help but get a headache. The Blood Killing Sect didn't seem to have any special technique for practicing aura? How to incorporate momentum into their exercises? And when he is alone and integrates his momentum into his skills, it is absolutely impossible. How strong is his momentum alone? How can he possibly fight against that Asura? Everyone's aura must be integrated into the technique, so that they can truly fight against that Asura.

But it was very difficult to integrate momentum into their skills, not to mention that their Blood Killing Sect had never practiced momentum, which made him even more headache. In the end, he found that he was really Unable to think of any way, he woke up and said to the other disciples: "I found that compared with that Asura, the difference between us and that Asura may not be in strength. Our strength is not much different than that of the opponent. We are inferior." It is a kind of momentum. When we fought with him, we were suppressed by his momentum. This prevented us from exerting our full strength, and at the same time, his strength was improved, so we He has never been his match, is there any way you can remind us of our momentum?"

When the disciples heard what he said, they couldn't help but look at each other. They didn't know much about aura, so they really didn't know what to say for a while. At this moment, a disciple's eyes suddenly lit up. He looked at You Cheng and said: "Elder You, I remember that when our Blood Killing Sect was practicing, we always had methods to control the murderous aura in ourselves, right? Murderous aura. Isn’t it just a kind of momentum? When an ordinary person faces a person with murderous intent, isn’t it true that he is timid before fighting? Then can we integrate our murderous intent into our exercises? Isn’t it possible? Did you counter the opponent’s momentum?”

Upon hearing what the disciple said, You Cheng was stunned for a moment, and then he slapped his head hard. He actually forgot the roots of their Blood Killing Sect. Why is the Blood Killing Sect called the Blood Killing Sect? Isn't it because they can control their murderous aura and integrate it into their martial arts? Because of this, they are called the Blood Killing Sect.

It's just that the Blood Killing Sect is very powerful now. Under normal circumstances, it can deal with enemies without incorporating murderous intent into its skills. In addition, recently, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been exposed to Buddhism more, and Buddhism It is incompatible with murderous aura. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have not yet achieved the point of using Buddhism to eliminate all the murderous aura in their bodies, they have used Buddhism to suppress the murderous aura in their bodies. It is precisely because In this way, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now rarely use murderous intent. As time goes by, they will almost forget about murderous intent.

But now that the disciple said this, You Cheng suddenly remembered, yes, they are the Blood Killing Sect, and they all have murderous intent. Among the Blood Killing Sect's techniques, there are even special absorptions, A method to refine murderous aura, and isn't murderous aura one of the most powerful auras in the world? If they could fully integrate their murderous aura into their skills, wouldn't they no longer have to worry about that Asura?

When he thought of this, You Cheng immediately said loudly: "Okay, let's use this method. Let's give it a try and see if we can use this method to fight against this Asura. Everyone, please pay attention to incorporate all your murderous aura into it." Let’s go into our exercises and see how it works.”

Although he thought of this method, You Cheng really didn't know whether it would work, so he didn't talk too much, he just let everyone try it, and of course he himself was ready. . If you want to have murderous intent, it is not without any conditions. First of all, you must have murderous intent in your heart, and at the same time, you must have murderous intent in yourself. Then you must arouse your own murderous intent, and use it to draw out your murderous intent. The murderous aura in your body, and then you integrate this murderous aura into your Kung Fu. Only in this way, your Kung Fu will contain murderous aura, and this murderous aura can be used to deal with the enemy, whether it is attacking or Defense will play a very good role.