c7383 send troops

At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others had returned to Wen Wenhai's room. None of the three of them spoke. They sat in the room for a while. Wen Wenhai then glanced at the other two people and then said: "You guys." Do you think what the boss said is true?" Wen Wenhai doubted Zhao Hai, but what Zhao Hai said was too shocking, and he wanted to hear Zhu Yong and Chang Jun's thoughts.

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "The young master will not lie to us. He must have his reason for saying this. I believe what the young master said." Zhu Yong himself is Zhao Hai's servant. It can be said that he is Zhao Hai's slave. Of course he He will no longer doubt Zhao Hai. He will believe whatever Zhao Hai says, because he knows very well that Zhao Hai will not give up on them, because they are the most loyal to Zhao Hai. Even if Zhao Hai gives up his blood Even if they kill the clan, they will not give up on them.

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "I also believe what the sect master said. If the sect master says this, he must be sure. That means that what we will face in the future is an extremely powerful enemy, and this enemy is the Shadow Clan. The person behind this person is extremely powerful and stands behind the Shadow Clan. That means that we may encounter him before long, so we need to be more careful in our actions in the future. ”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "What the boss said today, to be honest, I am really worried. Our Blood Killing Sect seems to be developing very well now, but if we really want to compete with There is really no certainty about facing such a powerful person, but no matter what, we have now reached this step, and we must keep going. Follow the leader and keep going. Only when we Only when we defeat all enemies can we truly have the chance to live forever."

Both of them nodded. Wen Wenhai looked at the two of them and said, "The boss only told us this and did not tell anyone else the news. This is a sign of trust in us, and we cannot tell others the news. But in the future, we must be more careful when doing things. We must prepare everything with the enemy as the target, but we must not act too hastily or let other people in the sect see anything. Just keep it in mind."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, we know the seriousness and won't tell anyone. Old Wen, we must be more careful in the future. We must remind others from time to time so that they must be careful too. We can't just because It is absolutely not okay to feel complacent after defeating a few enemies."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to look at Zhu Yong and said: "Lao Zhu, I have to leave this matter to you. Lao Zhu, your intelligence department has never come to the front desk in these years, but I believe that you are now You must have an incomparable understanding of the situation in the sect, but next, you must be more careful and pay attention to the movements of all the elders in the sect, not only to see whether he is loyal to the leader, but also to see if he is loyal to the leader. See if he has started to be arrogant. If he really doesn’t take his enemies seriously anymore and really starts to become arrogant, you must also tell me. I will be able to beat them when the time comes. I must not do it because of them. , and it’s a big deal that ruined the boss.”

Zhu Yong responded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Let me say something unpleasant here. If such a strong enemy didn't exist in the past, then even if we people couldn't help the boss, the boss wouldn't Give up ours, because the boss is a very emotional person, but the situation is different now. Now there is such a strong next enemy. If we people can't help the boss, we may even become the boss's Drag, the boss will not keep dragging us, because if the boss keeps dragging us, he will lead us all to death together, so we must work harder to keep up with the boss. We must keep pace, otherwise, we will be eliminated sooner or later."

Zhu Yong and Chang Jun were stunned when they heard what Wen Wenhai said, and then they immediately understood what Wen Wenhai meant. Wen Wenhai was right. Without the existence of such a strong enemy, Zhao Hai would not have given up on them. Put them in the Xuanwu Space. At worst, they would not have to fight against the enemy and they would have to stay in the Xuanwu Space. , you can also provide him with some power of faith, that is also good.

But now the enemy Zhao Hai has to face is such a powerful enemy. Such an enemy is no match for Zhao Hai, so Zhao Hai must find some people who can help him and become his subordinates. If they can't develop and keep up with Zhao Hai's footsteps, Zhao Hai will give up on them sooner or later, because if they don't give up on them, not only them, but also Zhao Hai himself will die.

It is precisely because of this that Wen Wenhai made such a judgment. Wen Wenhai glanced at the two of them, and then said in a deep voice: "But for now, we don't have to worry about this. The development of our Blood Killing Sect is very good, but if we are proud and don't want to make progress, , that would be dangerous.”

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "Looking at this matter, it is necessary to talk to those guys carefully to prevent them from being complacent. Okay, I'm going back. It's useless for us to think so much now, as long as Just keep this in mind. In three days, we will attack the Asura clan. We must deal with the Asura clan as soon as possible, and then take down all the other interfaces, and finally enter Go to Wanshan Realm, capture Wanshan Realm, and move forward step by step. As long as we walk steadily, we are not afraid of any enemies."

Wen Wenhai and Zhu Yong both nodded, and Zhu Yong also stood up. The two of them saluted Wen Wenhai, then turned and left. After they left, Wen Wenhai took a deep breath, and then he looked up On the roof of the shed, he murmured: "I really didn't expect that our enemy would be such a powerful person. Fortunately, the powerful person did not take action personally. It seems that he cannot take action personally. Otherwise, we are afraid that It's over a long time ago, but this is just right. When our Blood Killing Sect is strong enough, we can take care of them all." Then Wen Wenhai returned to his desk and began to deal with the Blood Killing Sect's affairs. Now his In my heart, I feel relieved.

In the past, they had always thought that their opponent was the Shadow Clan, but there has never been a conclusion about the origin of this Shadow Clan, which made them a little uneasy. They didn't know where this Shadow Clan came from. Is there someone else behind them? Now that he heard what Zhao Hai said, he felt relieved. The Shadow Clan and them were not on the same side at all. Wouldn't that be just right? Destroy the Shadow Clan and have a good meeting with the Shadow Clan. The people behind the clan.

The Blood Killer Sect has never been afraid of anyone, and the same goes for Zhao Hai. They have never been afraid of anyone. They didn't know who the enemy was before, but now that they have guessed that there is such an enemy, they are naturally less afraid. Develop slowly, take care of the Shadow Clan first, and at the same time improve your own strength, and then you can deal with the person behind the Shadow Clan.

The next day, the battle plan of Zhen Lao and the others was also sent to Wen Wenhai. After reading it, Wen Wenhai found that the battle plan of Zhen Lao and the others was very well made, taking into account everything they could encounter. Everything was taken into consideration, and this battle plan was made perfectly.

Wen Wenhai distributed the battle plan. After reading it, the elders had no objections. Even if the battle plan was finalized, the Blood Killing Sect began to prepare. Two days later, they attacked Asura. The clan is attacking, and they must be prepared.

In fact, the preparations made this time were nothing. They just put some people from the Nine Number Turtle clan in the front, and at the same time, they also asked the front line to be prepared. The enemy might use magic to attack them. In order to deal with it. For the enemy's possible magical attack, the front line must also start preparing for magical attacks.

The Blood Killing Sect is no stranger to this kind of preparation. It was prepared quickly. It didn't take two days at all. It can be said that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all elites in hundreds of battles. They do It is really not difficult at all to make such preparations. It only took one day to make all the preparations and wait for the attack one day later.

One day later, Gu Yuanzheng got up early, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already ready at this time. Everyone had found their positions, and the captains of each team had already organized their teams and were ready at any time. It was time to attack. After listening to the reports from all parties, Gu Yuanzheng reported the situation directly to Wen Wenhai. With Wen Wenhai's order, the Blood Killing Sect's attack began immediately.

Following Wen Wenhai's order, the Blood Killing Sect's army drove out directly from the Blood Killing Sect's territory and drove straight towards the Asura clan's territory. The current situation is quite special. The Blood Killing Sect's Because there are many war plants planted on the territory, it looks like a forest, but the territory of the Asura clan is grassland. There is no obvious dividing line between forest and grassland. It seems that the grassland grows continuously. A forest appeared directly. This situation was very strange.

But no one cares about this now. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect drove directly out of the Blood Killing Sect's Zhan Zhi Fortress and entered the grassland. As soon as they entered the grassland, they suddenly felt a few extremely powerful auras. , and directly targeted the Blood Killing Sect disciples who had just come out of the woods. Judging from their momentum, it was those masters of the Asura clan who targeted them. However, the situation this time was obviously different. Those of the Asura clan The master actually took action before those Asura's cavalry. This was really beyond the expectations of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, the people of the Blood Killing Sect were not afraid of this. The teams responsible for protecting the front army immediately launched blood rivers. Rivers of blood were flowing above the Blood Killing Sect army, and the Blood Killing Sect army below, But it seemed as if he didn't feel it, and he was still moving forward, with no intention of stopping at all. The actions of the Blood Killing Sect finally completely angered the masters of the Asura clan.