c7382 instead

Wen Wenhai and the others were really shocked. Although they had vaguely thought of this before, when they heard Zhao Hai say it now, they still felt extremely shocked. To be honest, they were really worried. If it is really what Zhao Hai thinks, does that mean that they will face the person standing behind Shadow Clan in the future? If that's really the case, can they still win?

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and said in a deep voice: "No matter who is standing behind the Shadow Clan people, we must deal with them, because they are not walking the same path as us. If we don't deal with them, then they They will kill us and eventually turn us into like those Shadow Clan people. I, Zhao Hai, have practiced to this point and have no reason to become someone else’s slave, so we must compete.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded with a firm look in their eyes. Zhao Hai was right. They were all monks and they were not walking the same path as the Shadow Clan. Even if they surrendered to the Shadow Clan in the future, In the end, I am afraid that they will become like the Shadow Clan people, and at that time, they will also become the slaves of the people behind the Shadow Clan people. They have gone through so many hardships along the way, how can they be the slaves of others.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "These are just my conjectures now. Whether this is the case or not, it's really hard to say, but we must fight against the Shadow Clan. This is true, so our biggest enemy is , you are still a member of the Shadow Clan, you must also be mentally prepared."

Wen Wenhai responded. At this time, Zhu Yong, who had not spoken for a long time, looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Master, you should spend more time on training now. If there is really someone standing behind the Shadow Clan, Man, then we will definitely face that person in the future. If your strength is not enough, wouldn’t it be more dangerous? And Master, if the person in charge of the entire cultivation world is really dead, then Master, when your strength is not strong enough, it will be more dangerous. It’s enough, but it may not be possible to replace it.”

Zhu Yong's words shocked Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun's bodies. They had never thought about this before, but now when they heard what Zhu Yong said, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun immediately thought of it. Children, and it was precisely because they thought of this that they were surprised, but then they felt that it made perfect sense.

Zhao Hai glanced at Zhu Yong and said with a smile: "You are really good at calculating. That's all. I'll talk about this later. You just have to do what you are doing right now. You don't have to worry about anything else. Today I will So I am telling you this because you are the people I trust the most, and also to give you an explanation. Just keep it in mind as to the path we will take in the future and our real enemies. "

Wen Wenhai and three others responded in unison. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly: "Okay, you guys should go back too. I will still pay attention to things in the sect, but under normal circumstances I won't. They know how to take action. I have always heard that they are researching good things. When their research is successful, then we, the Blood Killing Sect, will not have to worry about anything in the future. Not to mention that we can run rampant in the world, and we will not be afraid of anyone. But don’t rush them, let them take their time. If you are strong enough in the future and want to create an inner space, just tell me and I will help you find materials.”

Wen Wenhai and the other three responded, and then Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "Boss, we don't want to do anything about the inner space. It's useless to talk about it. It's not interesting yet. We still have to take care of the affairs of the inner space, and the things in the sect now. , we are busy enough, we don’t have time to care about the inner space, so we have stopped thinking about the inner space for a long time." Chang Jun also nodded, but Zhu Yong did not speak. He and Wen Wenhai Unlike Chang Jun's identity, he will not create any inner space.

Zhao Hai nodded and then said: "Okay, if you like to do it, do it. If you don't want to do it, forget it. Go back. Remember, although I said that I will not take action easily in the future, but if the sect really has No matter what happens, I won’t ignore it, I will take action anyway, you don’t have to worry, just fight with confidence and boldness.”

The three of them responded, then all three stood up, turned and left. As soon as the three people left, Laura and the others appeared in the room. Laura looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Brother Hai, why do you remember telling Wen Wenhai and the others this? Aren't these things you just thought about recently? Is it something common? Why did you tell them? "

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "It is necessary to tell them. Wen Wenhai and the three of them are the most loyal to me. Wen Wenhai has been managing everything in the Blood Killing Sect for such a long time, but he is still loyal to me. , the same goes for Chang Jun, not to mention Zhu Yong. The three of them are also very capable. They must be capable and loyal. Of course, such subordinates must be treated well and tell them that. Just to let them know that our enemies are very powerful. Don't think that if you destroy the Asura Realm or even the Wanshan Realm, you will be invincible. Our enemies are much more powerful than these enemies now. This way they won’t be proud and will act more steadily, which is the most important thing.”

Laura nodded, and then he said: "Brother Hai, do you think what you speculated is true? If it is true, can we defeat the person behind the Shadow Clan in the future? That person's The strength must be extremely powerful, otherwise it would be impossible to kill the person behind our cultivation world, right?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "No matter how strong he is, we have to face it. In fact, there is one thing I didn't say, that is, I think that person must not be able to enter our world of cultivation because of some restrictions. Within the time limit, we can only let the Shadow Clan come. If he can really come in person, I am afraid that this place in the world of cultivation has already become the territory of the Shadow Clan, and there is still a place for us to live there."

Laura nodded and said: "That's right. If he can really come in person, then with the opponent's strength, he can indeed break all the interfaces directly. He will not use the current method to use the Shadow Tribe people. Penetrating bit by bit, although this method looks good, it is too slow.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Yes, so he must be unable to come for some reason. It would be best if he can't come. Wait until we really have the strength to break through all the interfaces of the cultivation world and break out of the cultivation world." , then our strength will definitely be stronger, and we won’t have to be afraid of him anymore.”

In fact, Zhao Hai's words were also to comfort himself. When he thought that there might be a powerful person standing behind the Shadow Clan, and there might also be a person standing behind the Cultivation World, he had already thought of this. He was very Clearly, he can only move forward now and finally stand opposite the person behind the Shadow Clan, because if he really surrenders, he will only become a slave in the end. He doesn't want to be someone else's slave, so he can only resist. , as for whether he can win in the end, it's really hard to say, but he must show confidence in front of others.

What Zhao Hai said before, that he has experimented with the laws of heaven and earth, is absolutely true. In fact, there are already some laws of heaven and earth in the space inside his body, and these laws of heaven and earth are all According to his thoughts, these laws of heaven and earth were very slight at first, and Zhao Hai didn't even feel it. As his strength increased, the laws of heaven and earth in his body also became much stronger. It is precisely because The laws of heaven and earth became stronger. Only then did Zhao Hai notice that the laws of heaven and earth in the space inside his body were also very energetic. They were very similar to the laws of heaven and earth of the Shadow Clan. It was precisely because of this that he became like this. idea.

Here in Wanshan Realm, there are already masters who can make magic weapons with inner space. Just like where they are now, the refining has not been completed here. If the refining is completed here, there will be a trace of it. The power of the laws of heaven and earth is in it, so can a stronger monk refine a magical weapon with multiple spaces and its own independent laws of heaven and earth? If that is really the case, then could it be that their cultivation world is actually an inner space magic weapon refined by an extremely powerful power?

And an extremely powerful inner space magic weapon has its own laws of heaven and earth, so his laws of heaven and earth must be obtained from the person who refined it. He got this law of heaven and earth from the person who refined him. , as long as the person who refined him is fine, then the laws of heaven and earth will definitely be very active and alive, instead of being like a machine and a dead thing like now.

Based on these inferences, we can almost know that in the world of cultivation, even if the inner space magic weapon is not refined by a powerful person, it must be under the management of a certain powerful person, but that powerful person Something must have happened, or he must have died, so the laws of heaven and earth in the world of cultivation have become lifeless.

The person standing behind the Shadow Clan’s laws of heaven and earth must be a powerful person, but that powerful person must still be alive and well. That’s why the Shadow Clan’s laws of heaven and earth are so active, just like It is like a living creature. It is precisely because he is alive that he can enter the laws of heaven and earth in the world of cultivation and attack various interfaces in the world of cultivation. He is not just to attack various interfaces in the world of cultivation; In order to completely occupy all interfaces in the world of cultivation and turn them into interfaces governed by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, by that time, the great master will probably be able to completely control these interfaces in the world of cultivation. The income goes into his own hands.

It can be seen from the fact that there are so many interfaces in the world of cultivation that the great master standing behind the world of cultivation must be extremely powerful, and he can kill him, defeat him, or even fight him An equally powerful person must be extremely powerful and definitely not something Zhao Hai can deal with. But now that Zhao Hai has stood opposite him, he can't stop anymore. He can only stand opposite him all the time. If he surrenders, the other party will probably not be polite to him. Shadow Clan uses it to control his subordinates. There are many means, and he does not want to become a slave.