c7387 Divine Machine Dharma Appearance

Wen Wenhai looked at Bai Yan and said in a deep voice: "Lao Bai, your proposal is very important and deserves to be taken seriously. Is there anything else you can say?" Although Wen Wenhai only said one sentence, he was very concerned about Bai Yan. He really takes the proposal seriously. The reason why he asked the last sentence is to take a look. If everyone has nothing to say, then we will focus on discussing this matter. We must come up with a way to avoid being in a hurry. of.

Everyone shook their heads, and Chang Jun said: "The Asura clan is a physical cultivator, and they cannot use magic circles here, so they will not have large magic weapons or giant monsters here. They have already appeared here, that is. We already have ways to deal with those cavalry. As for the one-armed and giant-handed Asura that Lao Hu and the others encountered before, they have not yet shown their heads, but we must also be on guard against that kind of Asura. For a moment, don’t forget, those Asuras can breathe fire. If you can breathe fire, you should be able to control fire, so we have to guard against this. Now it’s what Lao Bai said. If the Asura clan really If it can be blessed with exercises, it will really be a troublesome thing."

Everyone nodded unconsciously, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "That's true. We have to guard against the situation of the Asura clan. The kind of one-armed and giant-handed Asura is a clan. The Asura clan that Lao Bai mentioned The blessing of the exercises is one, let’s talk about it, is there any way?”

Hu Changfeng stood up and said: "When we are training to raise the earth, if we face a one-armed and giant-handed Asura, what we talk about is momentum. That kind of Asura also wins with momentum, so the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect and When they are facing each other, it is better to think of ways to improve their aura. In the end, they integrate the murderous aura into their own skills, so that they can withstand their attacks. As for the blessing of the skills, we are training for this. I haven't encountered it before, but the blessing of Kung Fu is just to strengthen the strength of attack. Not everyone in the Asura clan can use Blessing Kung Fu. If everyone can use Blessing Kung Fu, it is impossible to use it all the time. There should be some Only masters will be able to use Kung Fu blessings. For us, I think this is a good thing, because their number of masters will not be too many, and in our Blood Killing Sect, although the number of top masters is not large, Generally, there are a lot of masters, and the ones who know the skills and blessings are even more. So I think there is nothing to worry about. As long as we arrange a certain number of elders on the front line, if the other party really uses that kind of If the skills are blessed, we can just let the elder go out to fight. I believe he can withstand it. And don’t forget, we also have teams of various skills and blessings and fusion methods standing in. If anything happens, we will also You can handle it, can’t you?”

Everyone nodded. Hu Changfeng's identity is quite special. Everyone still attaches great importance to his opinions. So now when they heard what Hu Changfeng said, everyone naturally would not object. They all nodded and felt that what Hu Changfeng said was very true. It makes sense. After all, he is in the Xuanwu Space and has been trained by Zhao Hai. He should know the Asura clan better, so he said that these methods can be used to deal with the Asura clan. There should be no problem.

Hu Changfeng did not sit down, but glanced at everyone, and then said: "Besides this matter, I have one more thing to say, which is about our Kung Fu blessing and fusion method team, and the masters of the Asura clan. During the battle, I have some opinions that I want to share with Elder Wen.”

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard that Hu Changfeng was talking about this matter, Wen Wenhai immediately paid attention to it. He immediately said to Hu Changfeng: "If Hu Changfeng has anything to do, please tell him directly, especially if it is related to the Kung Fu Blessing Fusion Dharma Appearance Team. We cannot be careless, these teams are too important to our Blood Killing Sect, and we must not be careless."

Hu Changfeng nodded, and then said: "Our Kung Fu blessing and fusion method team, these days when fighting with the masters of the Asura clan, although we have blocked the attacks of the Asura clan, we have no way to fight back. This It has always been a pity, and it has also allowed us to only passively defend, which is very detrimental to us. I want to change this situation, I want to attack, not to defend all the time."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone was in an uproar. In the eyes of everyone, Hu Changfeng and the others had done a very good job. They blocked the attack of the masters of the Asura clan, leaving the masters of the Asura clan unable to attack. After the success, they have done a good job, and now they want to fight back. Isn't this a joke? They are all in the Blood Killing Sect's team, how can they fight back against each other? Can their energy be enough to attack that far? If the attack couldn't reach that far, how could they attack back? Isn't this a foolish dream?

Wen Wenhai didn't know about this at first, but now he was slightly stunned when he heard what Hu Changfeng said. However, he also knew Hu Changfeng very well. Knowing that Hu Changfeng said this, he must have a certain plan, so he saw He glanced at Hu Changfeng and said in a deep voice: "Hu Changfeng, if you have any plans, just tell them directly and let us all discuss it."

Hu Changfeng nodded, and then said: "Elder Wen, dear elders, in recent times, in our sect, there have been many trainings on the practice of blessing and fusion of Dharma and Appearance. Among them, we have used the most popular training of Cultivation Technique, Blessing and Fusion of Dharma and Appearance. , naturally it is the Blood River Dharma of the Eight Forms of Bloody War, but this does not mean that our sect does not have other fusion Dharma. Our Blood River Dharma can be used for close combat, but it is a bit difficult to attack from a distance, but this does not It means that among the other Dharma Appearances, there is no Dharma Appearance for long-distance attack."

At this point, Hu Changfeng stopped and did not continue. When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he was stunned at first, and then his eyes lit up. Wen Wenhai looked at Hu Changfeng and said: "What Elder Hu means is, Use other fusion methods that can attack from a distance to deal with the masters of the Asura clan?"

Hu Changfeng nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. Elder Wen, you should also know that in our Blood Killing Sect, there is another method with more changes and stronger attack power, but it is also more powerful. It is difficult to practice, but I am also in charge of this matter. I happen to know that in the recent period, several teams in our sect have practiced this unique method. I think their methods can be used to their full potential. Make a big difference.”

"What method?" Wen Wenhai became curious now. Recently, there were too many people practicing fusion method in the Blood Killing Sect. It was impossible for him to pay attention to them one by one. Moreover, the fusion training was generally not It was all done in the Xuanwu Space. Laura and the others were in charge of the Xuanwu Space, so he didn't ask much about it, so now he was a little surprised when he heard what Hu Changfeng said.

Hu Changfeng smiled and said: "Shen Ji Fa Xiang." He only said four simple words, but he believed that everyone understood what these four words meant. The skills represented by Shen Ji Fa Xiang were naturally divine. He has mastered this set of skills, and the set of skills of Shenji is now called the most amazing skill of the Blood Killing Sect by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This shows how powerful this set of skills is, so he believes that he said When this set of laws comes, Wen Wenhai and the others will understand how terrifying this set of laws is.

Sure enough, when Wen Wenhai heard him say the four words Shen Ji Dharma Appearance, his expression couldn't help but move, and then he couldn't help but get excited. He looked at Hu Changfeng and said: "It turned out to be Shen Ji Dharma Appearance. I just don't know how much he has cultivated." A kind of Dharma." There is a reason why he asked this. The reason why Shenji Gong is called the most amazing skill of the Blood Killing Sect is because it is ever-changing. In the hands of 10,000 people, it can have 10,000 changes. This kind of skill The method is suitable for almost everyone to practice, but if you want to truly master this set of exercises, it is not an easy task.

Hu Changfeng smiled and said: "A total of twelve changes have been cultivated. Based on the fourteen fingers of the divine machine, except for the realm of annihilation of hundreds of poisons and the soul-eating of ten thousand insects, in fact, all twelve styles have been cultivated." The god Hu Changfeng said The Fourteenth Finger of the Divine Machine refers to the Fourteenth Style of the Divine Machine Finger. The Fourteenth Style of the Divine Machine Finger can be said to be the original version of the Divine Machine Finger. It was first used by Zhao Hai, so later the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Even this set of fingering methods is called Shenji Fourteen Fingers.

But now Hu Changfeng said that their Shenji Dharma is based on the Shenji Fourteen Fingers, and they have developed twelve postures, which is already very remarkable. Wen Wenhai couldn't help but show an expression of interest on his face, and he said, "Oh? There are actually twelve moves, how powerful are they?" This was what he was most concerned about. He really wanted to know, How powerful are the divine machines and dharma that those people have cultivated?

Hu Changfeng said: "I heard that the power is pretty good. I haven't seen it with my own eyes, but several ladies have said that the power of their twelve postures is unique. Several ladies have said so. I don't think it can be true. ." Hu Changfeng did not say nonsense, these words were indeed said by Laura and the others.

Wen Wenhai was completely relieved now. He knew very well that Laura and the others would never talk nonsense. Now since Laura and the others said that the twelve movements all have his own uniqueness, then it should be He couldn't help but get excited, and he immediately said: "Okay, transfer the people who practice Shenji Dharma to the front line. During the next battle, why don't we also let them participate to see their combat effectiveness? How."

Hu Changfeng responded and then sat down. He had said everything he needed to say and done everything he needed to do. Naturally, there was nothing more to say, so he sat down directly. But the way other people looked at Hu Changfeng was a little different. Now all the teams with skills, blessings and fusion of Dharma and Appearance were under his control. Now there are a few teams that are good at magic, machine, Dharma and Appearance. Doesn't that mean that in Hu Changfeng's hands? Is the combat effectiveness going to increase again?

Wen Wenhai didn't care that much. He knew very well that no matter how powerful the people under Hu Changfeng's control were, he would never do anything extraordinary. Don't forget, he has always been a member of the Blood Killing Sect. He didn't dare to be rude to Zhao Hai. If he really dared to be rude to Zhao Hai, his men would kill him without him or Zhao Hai taking action.