c7384 war

"How brave. We are here. If you dare to attack, you are seeking death." Following this voice, a huge fist flew over from the distant sky and hit the Blood Killing Sect's army. , obviously the master of the Asura clan has been driven crazy with anger.

But the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect didn't panic at all. A river of blood suddenly rose into the sky. In the river of blood, there were giant trees. The river of blood hit their fists, and then the giant trees also appeared. It hit the fist directly, and there was a bang, like a huge thunder, and the fist was smashed into pieces.

At this moment, several more fists came over, and the target was still the Blood Killing Sect's army, but they were still blocked one by one by the blood river. This time, there was no movement from the Asura clan. Obviously those The masters of the Asura clan did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would use such a method to deal with them, and the most annoying thing was that they had no way to deal with each other.

At this time, among the advancing Blood Killing Sect army, a short, bald, middle-aged man suddenly said loudly: "Stop advancing, there is a phantom formation ahead." Following his voice, immediately There was a trumpet sound, and as the trumpet sounded, the army also stopped advancing.

After the army stopped, the middle-aged man suddenly jumped up, and then turned into a huge turtle. The back of this turtle was covered with various runes. , and fortunately these runes are still circulating, looking extremely mysterious and mysterious.

After the big turtle fell to the ground, all the runes on his back lit up and started to spin at the same time, and he was mumbling words. Finally, he suddenly shouted: "Broken! "As he said this, a white light rose into the sky and rushed straight in front of everyone.

This white light rushed out for about ten miles, and suddenly disappeared, as if it had been submerged into the water. The space ten miles away seemed to have turned into the water, and the white light seemed to have been thrown into the water. With a pebble, layers of ripples appeared on the water surface, and finally with a sudden bang, it burst open.

As the water surface burst open, the Asura clan inside also appeared. These Asura clan looked like the Asura cavalry who fought with the Blood Killing Sect yesterday. They all had two arms and looked like They were like giants, but they didn't ride horses today. Each of them held a long stick in their hands and stood there quietly.

Maybe the sudden rupture of the space was something they didn't expect, so when the space ruptured, they seemed to be a little unresponsive and didn't know what to do. They all looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, They all stood there stupidly, as if stunned.

But then they reacted, and they immediately raised the long sticks in their hands, but they muttered something in their mouths, and then they swung their long sticks forward. As they moved, above their heads, suddenly Countless long dragons appeared, all of which were ice dragons. These ice dragons attacked the Blood Killing Sect directly.

In the blood-killing sect's formation, big trees suddenly grew up. After these big trees grew up, they immediately threw seeds in front of them. After these seeds fell to the ground, the ground Immediately after getting up, there were groups of long vines. These long vines were all in groups. There were many long vines growing together, just like the tentacles of an octopus.

As soon as these long vines grew out, they immediately stretched out into the sky and directly entangled the ice dragons. Naturally, those ice dragons did not want to be entangled, so they began to struggle. However, those long vines were obviously not very strong. Long vines kept being torn to pieces, but more long vines grew out. These long vines formed a line of defense, blocking the attack of the ice dragons.

But those people of the Asura clan did not stop there. They thrust the long sticks in their hands towards themselves. Then they stretched out their hands and took out the wooden sticks on their backs. These wooden sticks were directed towards They shot forward, but before they shot out the stick, they all said a few words. They saw that the stick seemed to be covered with a layer of blue light, and then the stick was thrown out.

Looking at the wooden sticks flying over, some long vines in the Blood Killing Sect's army soared into the sky and rolled straight towards the wooden sticks. These long vines were different from those used to deal with the ice dragons. These long vines are all the Heaven-reaching vines of the Blood Killing Sect, and they are not the same thing as the long vines created by wood-based magic.

I saw those long vines directly hitting the long sticks. Those long sticks burst into pieces, but the blue light on the long sticks immediately covered the Babel Vine, and the Babel Vine instantly burst into pieces. A section of nearly a hundred meters long was frozen by ice, and then a click was heard. The frozen part of the vine directly turned into ice powder and fell to the ground.

But attacking like this is of no use against the Babel Vine. One section of the Babel Vine was broken, and another section grew out very quickly. It was still as long, or even longer, and at this time those Ah Asura, however, still kept throwing away those wooden sticks. Those wooden sticks were their javelins. Those Asuras were tall and powerful, and the javelins could be shot directly within the range of the Blood Killing Sect. .

But the javelin did not cause any damage to the Blood Killing Sect. Although the javelins came, they were all blocked by the Tongtian Vine. Even some that were not blocked were blocked by the Blood Killing Sect disciples. , you must know that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not vegetarians. They are not without fighting power. On the contrary, their fighting power is very powerful.

After those Asuras threw all the wooden sticks out, they retreated directly to both sides. As they retreated to both sides, countless cavalry rushed out from behind them and began to attack the Blood Killing Sect. The formation charged, and the situation was the same as the last battle.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect naturally planted rows of tree walls at once, and the Blood Killing Sect's various techniques and blessings and fusion methods were still fighting with the masters of the Asura clan in the sky. Maybe it was those Asura clan. The masters of the Shura clan believed that if they could not contain the Blood Killing Sect's martial arts blessing and fusion team, then they would deal with the Asura clan's cavalry, so after they found that the attack could not break the Xuehe's defense, they also They just paused for a moment, and then attacked again. Of course, they couldn't attack the Blood Killing Sect, and they also had to contain the Blood Killing Sect's skill and fusion dharma team to prevent them from attacking Asura. The battle in the sky has never stopped.

There was fighting in the sky, and there was also fighting on the ground. The cavalry of the Asura clan came straight towards the Blood Killing Sect. Although on the way, the vines that dealt with the ice dragon also attacked these Asura cavalry, but they were not the same. They were immediately dispersed by the cavalry of the Asura clan. The cavalry of the Asura clan continued to attack the tree wall of the Blood Killing Sect without slowing down.

They were getting closer and closer to the tree wall. Just when they were still about three miles away from the tree wall, suddenly the Asura cavalry shouted, and then they simultaneously drew their javelins from behind, and then they stretched out their hands and touched the javelins. The javelin immediately lit up with a blue light, and then they waved their hands, and the javelin flew straight towards the tree wall of the Blood Killer Sect, and this time their attack was very distinctive, and they did not attack the entire tree wall defense line. Attack, but all the javelins were directed at a point on the defense line. At the same time, their cavalry also began to become stronger, turning into a sagittal formation, rushing straight towards the tree wall of the Blood Killing Sect, and they The target of the impact is exactly where the javelin attacks.

Gu Yuanzheng, who had been commanding from behind, couldn't help but change his face slightly when he saw the attack method of the Asura clan this time, and then sneered: "You must be smart now, you actually want to attack on my tree wall, Create a gap and rush directly into my formation, but this is not that easy. Send an order, and the behemoth army is ready three miles behind the tree wall. If the enemy really breaks through our tree wall, let They charge the enemy.”

A staff officer immediately responded, wrote down the order and sent it out. Gu Yuanzheng then said: "In the order, the Gangfeng Tree clan will move to both sides of the enemy's impact position as soon as possible. As long as the enemy enters the tree wall, they will immediately Let the Gangfengshu clan carry out Gangfeng attacks on the enemy." Another staff officer also responded and went to deliver the order.

These two orders had just been issued. The cavalry of the Asura clan had already rushed to the tree wall that they had attacked with their javelins before. All the war plants in that tree wall were frozen and were blocked by the Asura clan. After such a sudden impact, the horse immediately shattered and turned into pieces of ice all over the ground.

The Asura clan's cavalry each carried eight javelins on their backs. They took turns attacking forward in this way, which really made them rush out of a gap in the tree wall, but they had just rushed into the tree wall. Within a few miles, invisible and shadowless winds suddenly flew out from the tree walls on both sides, and these winds flew straight towards them.

The cavalry of the Asura clan are all elite. Although the Gangfeng is invisible, the sound of the breaking wind is still there, and the momentum of the Gangfeng is also very strong. They can all feel it clearly, Asura The people of the clan immediately waved the long wooden sticks in their hands to block the strong wind.

All the strong winds were blocked. Although the power of these strong winds is not small, to be honest, it is not that strong now. The Asura clan is not that easy to deal with, so they are still charging forward. The thickness of the tree wall of the Blood Killing Sect was only about ten miles in total, but the Asura clan actually broke through the tree wall in one go.

But just when the Asura clan broke through the tree wall, the behemoth legion of the Blood Killing Sect rushed over. This behemoth legion had been waiting there for a long time. Before the Asura clan broke through the tree wall, At that time, they had already begun to charge. Just when the Asura clan's cavalry broke through the tree wall, the giant beast army rushed towards them. This was completely beyond the Asura clan's expectations.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.