c7380 illusion

"Hahahahaha, this battle was so enjoyable, we finally got rid of the bad breath in our chests, good, hahahaha, great." Wen Wenhai stood in the hall of the Bloody Battle Castle and laughed. , he was really very happy, because Zhao Hai did not take action in this battle. They relied on their own strength to win. This was the reason why he was really happy. In his opinion, they finally became Zhao Hai's It’s a help, but it’s not Zhao Hai’s drag.

To be honest, when he saw Zhao Hai in the sky, escorting them, he felt very sad. He was loyal to Zhao Hai. In his opinion, the most important thing Zhao Hai should do now is to practice. He shouldn't be disturbed by anything, because he knows very well that Zhao Hai is the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect is Zhao Hai. Only when Zhao Hai is strong can the Blood Killing Sect be strong. Only when Zhao Hai is immortal can the Blood Killing Sect be strong. Immortality, so if Zhao Hai is really dragged down and has no time to practice because of them, then they are the sinners.

Well now, Hu Changfeng and his team finally defeated the masters of the Asura clan. This is definitely good news for him, because this way Zhao Hai does not have to take action, and Zhao Hai has more time. They went to practice and rest. Finally, they were no longer a drag on Zhao Hai.

The most important thing is that the move they have learned now is not only useful here, it is equally useful even outside. And as their strength improves, the power of their move is enhanced by the fusion of Dharma and Appearance. It will also improve accordingly, and it’s really hard to say what level it will reach in the end.

Wen Wenhai is very clear about what the Blood Killing Sect needs now. What the Blood Killing Sect needs most now is masters, which can also be said to be high-end weapons. Previously, the Blood Killing Sect only had Zhao Hai as its high-end weapon. Now they will be added to the list. Well, if you add Ding Chunming and others who are training in the time acceleration area, the high-end force of the Blood Killing Sect is actually quite a lot.

Chang Jun and the others all had smiles on their faces, and their thoughts were similar to Wen Wenhai's. They were the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. Naturally, they knew more about the sect's affairs than those disciples, precisely because In this way, they naturally know how their victory this time is different from previous victories, and they also understand what this victory represents.

The atmosphere in the hall was very lively. Everyone was discussing this battle with the people around them. Although they were all monks and had seen all kinds of scenes, what happened this time really made them very happy. So everyone seemed very excited, which is rare.

After a while, Wen Wenhai stretched out his hand and pressed it down. At the same time, he took a long breath and calmed down his emotions. After the hall became quiet, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "This It's a good thing that we won a big victory, but we can't be satisfied just like this. We must not relax in training, especially the training at Lao Hu's place. Do you understand what I mean?"

Wen Wenhai said that Hu Changfeng cannot relax. In fact, he is not just talking about Hu Changfeng and his hundred teams, but also the many teams that are currently training in Xuanwu Space. The training of these teams are all blessed by Kung Fu. Fusion of Dharma, Wen Wenhai is talking about those people.

Hu Changfeng responded without saying anything more. Wen Wenhai did not talk about this matter, but turned to look at the others, and then said: "This big victory, in addition to the strength of Lao Hu and the others, Another thing we should also note is that the enemy really did send out cavalry as we thought before."

Everyone nodded. To be honest, this matter was also their pride. When they were about to see the grassland, they had already thought of the cavalry and made adjustments to their army. It was precisely because of this This adjustment gave them the upper hand in the battle with the Asura clan. If it hadn't been for this adjustment, they probably wouldn't have been able to repel the Asura clan's cavalry so easily.

Reasonable arrangement is also an important condition for this victory. To put it in a more vulgar way, they were expecting the enemy to take the lead. It was precisely because of this that they had the upper hand in the battle and finally won the battle. Otherwise, they would not have been able to face the giant beast nearly ten feet tall. Even if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were to withstand the charge, the losses would not be small.

Wen Wenhai looked at the crowd and said, "The reason why I say this battle was a beautiful one is because we had the upper hand from the very beginning and were ahead of the enemy step by step. That's why we won so beautifully. So In this battle, we will give heavy rewards to the disciples of the sect, and Lao Gu, you should be remembered as the first meritorious service."

Wen Wenhai said that he wanted to make the first contribution to the Ancient Expedition. Naturally, this was not just talk, but he really thought so, because at the beginning, he proposed that the enemy might use cavalry, which was the Ancient Expedition. In addition, the Ancient Expedition has always been He is a frontline commander, so it is not an exaggeration to give him a first credit.

Gu Yuanzheng stood up, saluted Wen Wenhai and said: "Elder Wen, you are too polite. It is not me who takes the first credit in this battle. I think it should be Lao Hu, if they hadn't withstood the masters of the Asura clan. We can't win this battle despite our offensive, so the ones who deserve the most credit for this battle should be Lao Hu and the others."

Hu Changfeng stood up and said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, I have no objection to Lao Gu taking the first credit in this battle. The biggest credit in this battle belongs to him. Lao Gu, you don't have to refuse. Anyway, It’s the same whether I give you the first meritorious service or me the first meritorious service. Now we don’t lack anything, and the sect master won’t reward us with anything anymore. It’s just a reputation, there’s no need to be so serious about it.”

Everyone nodded. They were not dissatisfied with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai gave them all the best things. They are able to get to where they are today all because of Zhao Hai, and they are the core of the Blood Killing Sect. Elder, they can mobilize all the resources in the Blood Killing Sect. In this case, there is no need for them to worry about whether to give a reward or not.

Wen Wenhai looked at the two of them and couldn't help but smile. Then he waved his hands and said, "Okay, you two don't have to fight anymore. Our battle is not over yet. It's too early to talk about merits and rewards." Okay, you just need to remember this one thing, let’s talk about the next thing.”

Having said this, Wen Wenhai paused for a moment, and then said: "This battle is a great victory, but we cannot stop because of this great victory and rest for three days, and then we will continue the attack. , in these three days, Mr. Jin, you have to re-formulate the battle plan. I will let you learn about their training from Lao Hu. How do you understand it? If the enemy really shows up with those Asuras, we must You have to be prepared and be able to cope with it.”

The boss nodded and said: "I have understood it. If the enemy really shows up with those types of Asuras, we can handle it. We must be more careful. I want the sect master to use those types of Asuras." There must be a deep meaning in coming to train them. The Asuras we met in the woods before all had several arms, but the Asuras we met here only had two arms. The most important thing is , when they attacked us, they used magic that seemed to be similar to illusion, and this illusion is actually a branch of water magic. In other words, these two-armed Asuras are very likely to For example, when Elder Hu and the others were training, they were the first kind of Asuras they encountered. They were tall, powerful, and could control water. But the Asuras we encountered in the woods were those with several arms. Asura should be the second type of Thousand-Armed Asura they have encountered. In other words, among the Asura clan, there may be another one with one arm that can control fire, but the most powerful one is Asura. , these are all things we have to guard against.”

Everyone nodded. The elder Zhen's words made sense, and they also discovered this. In particular, when they saw the Asuras charging on eight-legged horses, all of them had two hands and were powerful, they had already thought that the Asuras might be divided into several races.

The elder of the array then spoke: "I now suspect that those cavalry Asuras are actually good at magic, and they are probably offensive magic, so we have to guard against this aspect, and those Asuras can use illusions. We must pay more attention to this.”

Everyone nodded at once. Illusion is a very special spell. It can be said to be very powerful or very weak. It is said that he is powerful because of some powerful illusions. He can trap people to death. He is weak because he himself has no lethality. Even the Blood Sect's Phantom Killing Formation uses illusions in conjunction with the Killing Formation. Only in this way can the effect of the Phantom Killing Formation be achieved. It does not rely solely on illusions to kill people. .

But illusions are actually very troublesome. If you don't do it well, and you don't know if you are hit by illusions, you will fall into passivity, especially in battle. If the enemy uses illusions, you will think that their main force is In one direction, but their main force suddenly appeared in another direction, and if you are there and do not have enough defensive power, the balance of victory will tilt towards the enemy, so illusion is actually a very Useful spells.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have all used illusions, and they all understand illusions very well. It is precisely because of this that they are very afraid of illusions. Now when I hear what Zhen Lao said, I naturally feel that it makes sense. Yes, illusions must be paid attention to, and they need to be focused on.

In the past, people from the Blood Killing Sect really didn’t have to worry about the enemy’s illusions, because they had various magic formations that could break the enemy’s illusions, but that’s no longer the case. Their magic formations cannot be used. In this case, if the enemy If they really use illusions to deal with them, the situation will be completely different. If they can't find a way to break the enemy's illusions, they may suffer a loss. This is what Wen Wenhai and the others are most worried about. , so Wen Wenhai and the others also very much agreed with what Mr. Zhen said, and they were also waiting for Mr. Zhen to come up with a solution.