c7389 War (1)

Wen Wenhai was slightly stunned after receiving the report of the ancient expedition. To be honest, they thought of the various offensive methods of the Asura clan, but they did not think of this. Fighting general, this is a rare battle. The method of fighting means that both sides send a master, and the two masters fight in front of the formation. Of course, the winning side's morale will be greatly shaken, while the losing side's morale will also be greatly affected. The most important thing is Yes, the losing side lost a master, because in a battle of generals, in order to win, the ones sent out are naturally masters. In this way, if the winning side sends the master who won the battle with a large army to attack If it were the enemy's formation, it would be difficult for the enemy to stop him. After all, the enemy already knew the strength of this master. When he saw him charging into the formation, he was already weakened by three points before fighting.

But the fighting generals proposed by the enemy this time gave Wen Wenhai a headache. The reason for Wen Wenhai's headache was the same as that of the ancient expedition. If the enemy sent those masters to fight with the fusion law team, then they would have to How to respond? Send a fusion law team to fight? But what Fighter Generals focus on is to fight alone. If they send out a small team, it will make the enemy look down on them. But if they don't send out a fusion Dharma team, then no one will be able to match those people. This is what makes him the most Where you feel your headache.

Just when Wen Wenhai felt a huge headache, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared beside him and said, "Promise him, I really want to see what tricks they can come up with." After saying this, Zhao Hai said Looking at the projection with a calm face, Wen Wenhai naturally knew what to do when Zhao Hai said this. He immediately wrote back to Gu Yuanzheng: "Promise him."

After Gu Yuanzheng received Wen Wenhai's reply, he moved and appeared outside the Qingtianshu Battle Fortress. He laughed in the direction of the Asura army and said, "Hahaha, the Asura clan is indeed quite free. Big one, since the war started, there have been wins and losses. I really want to know, since the war started, have you really won? Come on, I really want to see how strong you are. Send people out. No matter what method you use, our Blood Killing Sect will follow. We just want you, the Asura clan, to know that no matter what method you use, you cannot be our opponent. "

As soon as he said these words, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect naturally cheered loudly, while the people of the Asura clan all had ugly faces, but they had no way to refute, because just like what Gu Yuanzheng said , when they fought against the Blood Killing Sect, they really didn't win.

"Hmph, you have sharp teeth and a sharp mouth. I really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect is also full of people who show off their words. I really want to see if you Blood Killing Sect people are really what you said. So powerful." This voice was exactly the voice that spoke before, and as this voice came out, a long roar came.

This roaring sound was very loud, like rolling thunder, rolling from the horizon with a roaring sound. In the blink of an eye, it had arrived in front of the two armies. When the sound disappeared, everyone noticed, In front of the two armies stood a Yaksha. This Yaksha was very tall, about ten feet tall. He had three heads, four legs, and eighteen arms. On each arm, he held a A weapon looks extremely majestic.

He stood there facing the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. There were four eyes on his head. Those four eyes were all staring at the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. Then he said: "Come on, Blood Killing Sect's disciples." Clown, I'm going to chop your blood-killing clan members into meatballs one by one. Come on, come if you dare." He shouted while waving the weapon in his hand.

At this time, a person also jumped out from the battle of the Blood Killer Sect. This man was wearing blood-red clothes, which was the standard uniform of the Blood Killer Sect. He was holding a long knife in his hand and was not wearing anything. A, with a simple ponytail tied on his head, looks to be only in his thirties, not ugly at all, just ordinary, but his face is very cold, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can tell at a glance, This man is an elder of the Blood Killing Sect. There are some differences between the clothes of the Blood Killing Sect elder and the clothes of his disciples. Carrying the length of the sword, he walked to a hundred meters in front of the Asura and stood still. Then he said to the Asura: "You clown, you dare to be the enemy of my Blood Killing Sect, let me, Yuan Zhong, come and meet you." you."

That Asura looked at Yuan Zhong, laughed loudly and said: "Are you from the Blood Killing Sect? It seems that there really aren't many people left in the Blood Killing Sect. People like you, ants, dare to compete with me, Asura." If we are the enemy of the same clan, I can crush you with one kick." After saying that, the Asura raised his foot and stepped straight towards Yuan Zhong. It seemed that he really wanted to crush Yuan Zhong with one kick. Bian, obviously he really didn't take the people of the Blood Killing Sect seriously.

Yuan Zhong looked at that Asura, his face changed slightly, then he smiled coldly, and then his body moved, like a leaf blown by the wind, his whole body floated to the side, and he passed that person in an instant After Asura's kick, a river of blood suddenly appeared on his body. The blood river was extremely huge, and then the entire blood river rushed straight towards Asura.

This blood river was more than twenty feet deep, and its width reached about a hundred meters. It was impossible for the Asura to avoid such a huge blood river, even if he wanted to, but the Asura obviously did not think about it. To avoid it, he saw him looking at the river of blood rushing over, and couldn't help but snorted coldly: "Is this the method of your Blood Killing Sect? I really want to see, who are the people of your Blood Killing Sect?" It's not really that powerful." As he spoke, his body grew larger in an instant, and in the blink of an eye he turned into a tall giant with a height of 100 feet.

The giant stood there, all eighteen arms blocking his body, completely blocking him. Even though the river of blood rushed through his body, he still did not move. When the river of blood rushed through, he lowered his arms, and then laughed loudly and said: "The Blood Killing Sect, that's all." After saying this, he moved his eighteen arms and waved them together, and those weapons were directed towards The river of blood struck.

His current body is too huge, one arm is dozens of feet long. Now when he swings it, the power is really amazing. But at this moment, on the blood river, something suddenly appeared. The violent wind and blood rain, and then the violent wind and blood rain, rushed straight towards the Asura.

A loud bang was heard, the strong wind disappeared, and the blood rain also disappeared, but the Asura was driven back by the strong wind and blood rain, taking several steps back. Because he was too tall, every step he took seemed very heavy, making the ground roar like an earthquake.

And at this moment, the blood river suddenly rushed up to him, and then the blood river transformed into cities, directly surrounding the Asura, and then these cities began to It started to rotate, and as the blood river rotated, countless blood-red energy wrapped around the Asura's body.

When the Asura saw this situation, he couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then his eighteen arms, in pairs, swung the weapons in their hands straight forward, and heard a loud bang, and those cities They all disappeared, and the arm of the Asura clan was raised forward at once. Obviously, the force exerted by this reaction was not that comfortable for him, and the force on his arm was also Definitely not small.

But it was obvious that the Asura was irritated by this, and he couldn't help but roared: "You deserve to die." After saying that, his body moved, and his whole body started to rotate, and he seemed to have changed. Like a black whirlwind, you can only see a black shadow and cannot see anything else.

Soon the black shadow crashed directly into Yuan Zhong. As soon as Yuan Zhong saw this situation, the long knife couldn't help but move. The next moment, a tall mountain of corpses fell directly into the black shadow, and he heard With a bang, the mountain of corpses was actually blocked by the black shadow, but at the same time, the black shadow also stopped, revealing the Asura's body. The Asura was now holding up eighteen arms, holding the corpse The mountain was completely blocking it.

But at this moment, a river of blood rushed straight towards him, and the river of blood was carrying giant trees. The Asura did not react hastily and was rushed forward by the river of blood. The giant tree hit his chest directly, and a bang was heard. Asura was rushed by the river of blood and flew backwards. At the same time, his big mouth opened and a mouthful of black blood spurted out. , obviously this time he was seriously injured.

But the next moment, the mountain of corpses disappeared, the river of blood also disappeared, and the entire surrounding area seemed to become very blurry, as if the whole world was covered with a blood-red veil, just when no one was there When he reacted, he heard a scream coming from the blood-red gauze. The scream was very short and then disappeared.

Then the bloody gauze disappeared. When everyone looked at the scene, they found Yuan Zhong standing there with a pale face, and beside him, there was a demon-conquering pestle. When they saw this situation, The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but cheer for a while, because everyone knew that when Asura's people died, they would leave behind a demon-conquering pestle. It seems that Yuan Zhong won this battle, otherwise there would be no one around him. There will be a magic pestle.

Yuan Zhong glanced at the Asura clan and said nothing. Then he moved and disappeared directly into the blood-killing sect's army. Although Yuan Zhong just won the battle, he was also injured, so he retreated. He could not stay there forever and accept the challenge of the next Asura clan. In that case, he would be killed. .

As soon as they saw Yuan Zhong retreating, the people of the Asura clan reacted. They immediately became angry. The entire Asura formation was in commotion, and the Blood Killing Sect was also ready to fight at any time. , but they cannot believe in any guarantee from the Asura clan, because they know very well that the Asura clan is not a trustworthy race. Even if they make any guarantees, they can renege at any time.