c7381 enemy

The elder of the array looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "This time I have discussed with Hall Master Wen that from now on, our frontline will be equipped with some people from the Nine Numbers Turtle Clan. They themselves started out by using magic formations. Although the magic circle is banned here, using it is a natural ability for them, so it will not be restricted. With them following the army, if the enemy is using any illusion, they will break it immediately."

Speaking of this, the boss of the formation said in a deep voice: "This time, our staff was actually not careful. We did not expect that the enemy would use the phantom formation. If the enemy had not disarmed the phantom formation and charged us, we might have suffered a loss, so we We must guard against the enemy, and the latest research from Shenji Hall is about to bear fruit. As long as they succeed, then we will solve everything."

As soon as Mr. Zhen said this, everyone's eyes turned to Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming looked at everyone and just nodded and said: "Our research has not been completed yet." After that, he said nothing more. , Wen Wenhai and the others also knew that this was the famous dignity. He was from Shenji Hall, but when he came to the Asura world, he had no place to use it, so he held a breath in his heart. He won't say it before it's done, and it's hard for him to ask questions.

Wen Wenhai didn't ask Wen Yuming what he was talking about, he just nodded to Wen Yuming, then turned to face the old man: "Old leader, I'll leave it to you to make the battle plan. You must think more about it." Some, to prevent us from suffering losses in the future, and you should also pay attention to the fact that the Asura clan not only has those top masters, they will also have some powerful masters, even if these people are not as good as those top masters, The strength should not be weak, so you must take this into consideration. If we cannot deal with those guys, we have to let Lao Hu and the others take action, do you understand what I mean?"

Mr. Jin nodded and said: "I understand, we have already thought of this and made a plan. You will know when our battle plan is fully completed." After saying this, Mr. Jin was gone. What did you say? He was the chief officer of the staff department and his status was very high. There was no need to explain everything so clearly.

Wen Wenhai didn't say anything. He turned to look at everyone and said, "After three days of rest, we will launch an attack on the Asura clan. Cang Ming, I know you feel that your underground base seems to be... There is no use for it, but don’t forget what the boss said before. The enemy may have a great master hiding behind the scenes. If that great master really takes action, then our ordinary masters are really not. Their opponents, by then, will still rely on your underground bases, so you can't be anxious. Who are you? You are our last resort to save our lives, so you must not participate in the war now. If you let the enemy discover it, then It is equivalent to cutting off your last escape route to save your life, so you don’t have to worry, as long as you build a base and are not discovered by the enemy, you will have done a great job."

Cang Ming responded. He didn't pay attention to this matter. In fact, he already knew what he should do from the time he started building the underground base. If they were really discovered by the enemy, the enemy would have some consequences for them. He was on guard. Not only would they not be able to help him, but they would also cut off his escape route, so he was not in a hurry. However, he was very helpful to Wen Wenhai's special explanation to him, which showed that Wen Wenhai attached great importance to him.

After explaining everything, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's go back. Remember, there are only three days. We will attack in three days. Now we can fight with Ah The Shura clan is facing a head-on battle. There is no need to be afraid of their masters. Naturally, there is nothing to fear. So we must attack with all our strength. We must force out the strongest Asura. Only by forcing him out can we Only by truly knowing his strength can we feel at ease."

Everyone responded, then stood up, gave Wen Wenhai a fist, turned and left. Only Zhu Yong and Chang Jun stayed. Wen Wenhai led them to the outside of Zhao Hai's room. Before they could knock on the door, The door opened, and Zhao Hai's voice came: "Come in." The three of them responded and walked in.

Zhao Hai was sitting in the room making tea. Although this kind of thing could be done by puppets, Zhao Hai liked to do it himself when making tea. When he saw the three people coming in, Zhao Hai went to the few people beside him. He pointed to the chair and said: "Sit down." The three of them responded, walked to Zhao Hai's chair and sat down.

After Zhao Hai made tea, he poured a cup for each of them, then picked up the cup in front of him, took a sip, and savored the taste of the tea, then took two more sips and drank all the tea in the cup. , then put down the teacup, took a deep breath and said, "After several generations of cultivation, this tea finally has some flavor. What do you think?"

Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "It tastes very good. When you first drink it, there is only a faint aroma, but the aftertaste is very long. It is fragrant but not overpowering, light and flavorful. It is a good tea." Wen Wenhai and the others usually make the same tea. Drink spiritual tea, and the spiritual tea they drank this time tasted really good. When they drank it in their mouths, they felt like their minds were clear.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, then he looked at them and said with a smile: "Your performance is really beyond my expectation, Wen Hai, Chang Jun, you two can completely stand alone now, with you To be honest, the reason why I want to point out Hu Changfeng and the others is because I don’t want to be entangled in Asura’s affairs anymore, and I don’t want to take action except for that Asura master.”

Wen Wenhai and the others did not speak. They all understood what Zhao Hai meant. For those whose strength has reached Zhao Hai's level, their mood has changed. Pursuing the way of heaven is what they want to do most. As for what kind of fight, he really doesn't care. They were no longer interested, so what Zhao Hai said was within their expectations.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, then smiled slightly and said: "You don't have to think too complicatedly. The way of heaven is not so easy to pursue. Now our Blood Killing Sect is developing very well, and this is also an opportunity for us. Say To be honest, our ultimate enemy is the Shadow Clan, like other sects in Wanshan Realm. In fact, I don’t want to be enemies with them, because there is no need. We have enough people in the Blood Killing Sect. If we If we clean up all those sects, we will only have more people from the Blood Killing Sect. I really don’t want so many people to join the Blood Killing Sect, so we only have one enemy, and that is the Shadow Clan.”

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "The appearance of the Shadow Clan is very strange. They have their own power of laws, which is completely different from the power of the monks' laws. The most important thing is that their laws The power is alive, which is very scary. I still can’t figure out the origin of this Shadow Clan, but we must not take it lightly, otherwise, we will suffer a loss."

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded, and Zhao Hai then looked at them and said: "Among the opponents we have encountered, except for our Blood Killing Clan, only the Shadow Clan uses the curse technique, although we have also encountered them before. I went through an interface that used the curse technique, but at that time, you didn’t know it, and there weren’t many people on that interface, and they were all killed by me. I learned the curse technique from them, And that kind of curse technique is the same system as the Shadow Clan's curse technique, but there are many differences. The difference is too far. And I think you are also very clear about the real power of the curse technique. , To put it bluntly, if these techniques practiced by our monks are really compared with the curse technique, the lethality is probably still a little bit worse, because the curse technique is too weird, There are too many changes.”

The three of them all nodded. This was the first time they heard Zhao Hai's systematic curse-by-price technique, and they were all a little curious for a moment. Zhao Hai looked at them and then said: "I made a very bold guess based on the difference between the power of laws in the world of cultivation and the power of laws in the Shadow Clan, but I don't know if this speculation is true. Just listen to it."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and said in a deep voice: "I suspect that there is a person standing behind our cultivation world. This person is equivalent to the god of the entire cultivation world. This cultivation world is very likely to be him. It was created or under his control, and the power of the laws here were all formulated by him, but this person may be dead."

As soon as Zhao Hai said these words, Wen Wenhai and the others were all stunned. They never thought that Zhao Hai would say such words. This made them very puzzled and even a little unable to understand Zhao Hai's words. The meaning of the words. Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said: "The reason why I say this is to infer from the power of the laws of heaven and earth in the world of cultivation. What is the difference between the laws of heaven and earth in the world of cultivation and the laws of heaven and earth in the Shadow Clan? , you should all know."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, I know, the biggest difference lies in the vitality. The vitality of the laws of heaven and earth in our cultivation world is much inferior to that of the Shadow Clan. The laws of heaven and earth in our cultivation world are like dead things... ..." At this point, he suddenly stopped, and then looked at Zhao Hai with straight eyes. Chang Jun and the others immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and they all looked at Zhao Hai with straight eyes.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It seems that you have also thought of it. Yes, the laws of heaven and earth in our cultivation world are like a dead thing compared with the laws of heaven and earth of the Shadow Clan. The laws of the world of the Shadow Clan are more energetic. He You can make some adjustments to benefit him, but the laws of heaven and earth in our world of cultivation will only operate unchanged at one level. In fact, the laws of heaven and earth in our world of cultivation can also be revived. I have tested this. , and it is precisely because of experiments that I say that the person standing behind the Cultivation World may be dead, while the person standing behind the Shadow Clan may still be alive, or even the person standing behind the Cultivation World, They were killed by the people standing behind the Shadow Clan. The reason why the Shadow Clan was able to invade the world of cultivation was because the people standing behind them knew that the people standing behind the world of Cultivation were dead, so they let those shadows The tribe came to invade the world of cultivation."