c7396 active metal

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "I don't blame you for this matter, it's our underestimation. Although our Blood Killing Sect has experienced many interfaces and fought with the Shadow Clan, in the hands of the Shadow Clan's law power, we also suffered a lot. Too bad, but we have never seen the power of law like this time. They would rather not use the magic circle themselves than let us use the magic circle. This method really hits our weakness. So it is normal that you have not made any progress in the recent period, how about it? What good news did you bring me this time?" What Zhao Hai said is true, he has not seen the power of law here in the Asura world. However, not to mention the people of the Blood Killing Sect, so he really doesn't blame them for being famous.

Wen Yuming nodded, and then said: "I really have some good news to tell the sect master. We succeeded. We have now developed a new metal. This metal is called an active metal. This This kind of metal is very special. It can be said to be a living thing, a real living thing, but it is a very special kind of living thing. It has its own activity, but it has no intelligence. It can live like a living thing, but they are There’s no thinking.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he said in a deep voice: "Active metal? This is really special. Come on, tell me carefully how you made this kind of metal." Zhao Hai also said This was really the first time he heard this kind of thing, so he was very curious.

Wen Yuming responded, and he said in a deep voice: "In fact, this can no longer be called a metal. It should be said to be a very complex material. It has the characteristics of metal, but it also has some characteristics of other things. , and it is also very difficult to refine, and it is very special. It took Zhang Hongliang a long time to develop it based on Foli Metal."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It was developed on the basis of Foli Metal, so this metal must have some abilities of Foli Metal, right? Come on, let's talk about what abilities this metal has." Zhao Hai I am really curious to know what abilities this metal has.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Yes, this metal not only retains all the abilities of Foli Metal, but the most important thing is that it can be used as a bloodline, which can be completely integrated with the bloodline of our body. In this regard, we were inspired by the exercises of Tiefo Temple."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then his eyes lit up, and then he looked at Wen Yuming and said: "You mean, this kind of metal can be perfectly combined with our body, and what's more? The full power of Foli Metal? Does that mean that he can turn into our weapons or armor at any time like Foli Metal?"

Wen Yuming said solemnly: "Not only that, he can also grow bigger or smaller. As long as he is strong enough, it is not impossible to turn into a blood-killing battle fortress. Sect Master, this is really a good thing. , we have tested it, and it can even be combined with our Dharma, making our Dharma more powerful, as if it were an entity."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes lit up. He immediately understood the meaning of Wen Yuming. Although they can't use the Dharma Appearance yet, they all know the function of the Dharma Appearance, and the Dharma Appearance is very useful. It is precisely because they know that the Dharma Appearance is very useful, so Zhao Hai and the others also attach great importance to the Dharma Appearance. Zhao Hai even thought about using energy magic circle clones to combine with their clones, and finally turn their Dharma Appearance into Entity, this will greatly enhance the combat effectiveness of their Dharma forms.

But if it is true, as Wen Yuming said, that this metal can really be combined with the Dharma and turn the Dharma into an entity, then all problems will be solved. This is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. , which means that their combat effectiveness will become more powerful.

Wen Yuming then said: "And we can add the Wheel of Law Array to this metal, so that it can affect the laws in our Xuanwu Space, and even form an inner space in the bodies of all disciples. This inner space The space may not be large and the functions may not be many, but it can exert great power.”

Zhao Hai let out a long breath. He now almost knows what kind of thing they made after hearing the name. This is an amazing invention. This invention is equivalent to instantly transforming the physical incarnation of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect into the Dharma. , as well as the Wheel of Law and the Inner Space, are all gathered together. In the future, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will no longer be affected by the power of external laws. Even if it has an impact, it will not be too big. This thing can , for the Blood Killing Sect, it is really too useful and effective, solving all the problems that the Blood Killing Sect is currently facing.

Wen Yuming then spoke: "The most important thing is, Sect Master, this active metal is not afraid of poison or curses, and it can have clones like the phantom beast insect, and can also store living things in its inner space. You can even draw some magic circles inside and refine war planting seeds. It can be said that from now on, every disciple of our Blood Killing Sect will be a war fortress, and from now on, the first disciple of our Blood Killing Sect will be a weapons arsenal. ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Wen Yuming and said: "Very good, really very good, Lao Wen, I can imagine what you have been going through in recent times, and finally let you study this Plant something. To be honest, this kind of active metal is really unbelievable. The things you have said now have already made this kind of active metal extremely unnatural. What do you mean next? Don’t you want to promote this kind of active metal in the sect, and finally let the active metal become our external incarnation, and at the same time replace the function of the optical brain? But at the same time, we also want to make every active metal become a piece of The most powerful weapon has our soul in it and becomes our most reliable helper? Right?"

Wen Yuming nodded excitedly and said: "Yes, Sect Master, that's what I mean. The emergence of this active metal can be said to be a huge reform for our Blood Killing Sect. Some of our previous things, Everything can be discarded, because this active metal will allow us to enter a new way of fighting."

"No, I don't agree with the promotion of this kind of active metal in the whole sect." It was not Zhao Hai who spoke, but Wen Wenhai. He looked at Wen Yuming with a serious face, but Wen Yuming was stunned. He did not expect that Wen Wenhai would oppose him fiercely at this time. This was something he did not expect, so he looked at Wen Wenhai with confusion, shock, suspicion, and even anger. He did not know that Wen Wenhai Why did Hai say that?

Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming and said in a deep voice: "Old Wen, I know you are very serious now, but listen to me, this kind of active metal is indeed good, but if you promote it in the whole sect now, It is a bit too early to plant active metals. First, sects now allocate materials in different levels. Active metals are definitely good things. If they are promoted throughout the sect, then everyone may regard them as good things, and competition will be fierce. There will be less, which is not necessarily a good thing. Secondly, the power of this active metal is too great, especially as the sect leader said, if he really has a split soul, a light brain, and a magic circle, So what will this metal look like in the end? How powerful will it be? Our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will have extremely powerful power without practicing. Can you imagine? By that time, how many disciples will there be? We will calm down and practice. The foundation of our monks is actually our own strength. If our strength is not enough, then even if this active metal is strong, it is not a good thing, because after all, it is not our own. strength."

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he was stunned at first, and then he couldn't help showing a thoughtful expression. He had only wanted to solve the problem that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could not use the magic circle in the Asura Realm. I never thought that I would develop such a big killer weapon. After the research came out, he was just happy. He never thought about what kind of changes this thing would bring to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. So now when he heard Wen Wenhai say this, he was stunned and began to reflect on this kind of thing. Active metals will bring about bad changes to the Blood Killing Sect.

"There is no need to worry so much. These can actually be solved. Don't forget that we are a sect and we can solve these things." Zhao Hai suddenly said. There was a hint of smile in his tone, obviously he was in a very good mood. When Wen Wenhai said those words, Zhao Hai already understood what Wen Wenhai meant, and he even thought more about it than Wen Wenhai. Many, and have already figured out a solution.

Although Wen Wenhai only said that the large-scale promotion of active metals would make people in the sect not consider it a good thing and would affect the practice of people in the sect, but Zhao Hai was certain that Wen Wenhai had nothing to say. That is, if warm metal is really promoted on a large scale, it may make the disciples in the sect less controllable. If one day, the disciples in the sect no longer fear Zhao Hai and no longer respect him. Zhao Hai is gone, they no longer worship Zhao Hai, they no longer regard Zhao Hai as a god, then will they rebel? And this kind of active metal gave those disciples too much energy. If they really rebelled, the impact on the Blood Killing Sect would be too great.

Although Wen Wenhai didn't say this reason, Zhao Hai was sure that he must have thought of this reason, so he hurriedly objected. Zhao Hai could see this from Wen Wenhai's expression, because Wen Wenhai The two reasons mentioned before, if you really want to talk about it, they are not really reasons. They are both easy to solve.

But Zhao Hai didn't take it seriously. He had a way to control those active metals. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really relied on active metals to gain huge power, then Zhao Hai would be even more simple. , he has a way, maybe by controlling the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so that those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will die without a burial place, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect still know too little about Zhao Hai, and they don't know much about Zhao Hai at all. I don't know what level of strength Zhao Hai has reached, let alone how many methods Zhao Hai has to control them.