c7393 God's plan takes action

Zhao Hai sat in his room with a calm face. Wen Wenhai and the other three sat opposite him. He glanced at the three of them, and a smile appeared on Zhao Hai's face, and then he said: "You three also Really, what can happen to me? If something happens to me, why don’t I tell you right away? If I don’t let you know, then it’s really something. Okay, there’s nothing to worry about. Go back and get on with your work. Yours, I heard about your battle plan, do you want to speed up the attack?"

Wen Wenhai responded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, we also have to speed up the attack. I think we now know almost everything about the strength of the Asura clan. None of them have shown up yet. As you said, boss, he is the strongest among the Asura clan. Let us speed up the attack. First, we can resolve the battle as quickly as possible. Second, we can force out the master of the Asura clan. Third, we can prevent the Asura clan from attacking. Think of any way to cause trouble for us."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, then go ahead and do it. As long as the master of the Asura clan takes action, I can destroy him. As long as I destroy him, the Asura clan will be finished. We can Push them as quickly as possible and end the affairs of these interfaces as soon as possible so that we can go to Wanshan Realm. Although here, we are also dealing with the Shadow Clan people, but the power of the Shadow Clan laws here is different from the outside world. The power of Shadow Clan Law is not the same thing, they have no connection with each other, so the power of Shadow Clan Law here is not our main target."

Chang Jun said: "Yes, we understand. It is precisely because of this that we want to speed up the attack. Now we can say that we are ready. We don't need to be as conservative as before. We need to be stable, but There is no need to be so stable, and I think we can also let the Zerg join the battle and hit the Asura clan from underground. The effect may be better. Now our fusion Dharma team can already fight with the enemy. After the war, we really have nothing to worry about.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, but you must pay attention to the protection of the underground base, because you don't know when the underground base will still be useful, so several fusion law teams should be sent underground to deal with sudden situations. Ah Although the Shura clan has not shown that they have the ability to fight underground until now, they still have to guard against this."

Wen Wenhai and the others responded in unison. They were very concerned about Zhao Hai's words. Originally, they had never thought of putting a few fusion teams in the underground base. Now Zhao Hai is so If you say it, they will naturally do it.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and said with a smile: "Okay, you all should go back. There are still many things for you to do in the sect. Just wait for a while. After a while, Chunming will be here." You can relax a little bit when they come back, but those guys are all training madmen. It will be impossible to command them to manage the sect. Although you can relax a little by then, you will still have a lot of things to do. , but if there is a chance in the future, I will still let you enter the time acceleration area to practice, which is very important for you."

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded with excitement on their faces. They understood what Zhao Hai meant. They had been yearning for the time acceleration area for a long time. The most important thing is that Zhao Hai asked them to enter the time acceleration area to practice. It is equivalent to giving them an opportunity to stay away from the world, so that they don't have to worry about those things in the Blood Killing Sect. For them, this is equivalent to a vacation.

After all, Wen Wenhai and the others are still monks, and they are more interested in training. Although they are busy every day, they have never given up on training. Although their progress is not as good as those of those training madmen, it is not the same. There will be a huge difference, which is already quite remarkable.

Zhao Hai also knows about the efforts of Wen Wenhai and the others. In fact, Zhao Hai really wants to come up with a way to free Wen Wenhai and the others from those troubles. This is very important to them. Yes, but the time is not yet mature. The most important thing is that the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle cannot be used under some special circumstances. This is very fatal.

You must know that many things in the Blood Killing Sect actually rely on the magic circle. Once the magic circle is used involuntarily, it will have a huge blow to the Blood Killing Sect. Fortunately, the Xuanwu Space is not affected by the power of this magic circle. The impact, otherwise, the impact on the Blood Killing Sect would be even greater, and this problem must be resolved.

When Wen Wenhai and the others saw that Zhao Hai seemed to be lost in thought again, they didn't dare to disturb them. They just sat there quietly, taking a sip of tea from time to time. They didn't feel too restrained in Zhao Hai's place. , because they often meet with Zhao Hai, naturally they will not be so trembling when seeing Zhao Hai like others.

It took a while for Zhao Hai to react. He looked up and found that Wen Wenhai and the others were drinking tea. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "I just remembered something, which may be of some help to our Blood Killing Sect, especially for the You guys will be of greater help, but it’s just an idea now, okay, you go ahead.” The three of them responded, stood up, turned around and walked away. Although Zhu Yong didn’t say a word, he said Once he can follow, he has already shown his identity.

The three of them returned to Wen Wenhai's room, and a disciple had already given them the battle plan prepared by Mr. Zhen and others. Wen Wenhai took the battle plan and looked at it, then smiled and gave it to them. Chang Jun then said with a smile: "It seems that Zhen Lao and the others are really anxious. The battle plan this time is very detailed."

Chang Jun took the battle plan, looked at it, handed it to Zhu Yong, and then said: "It seems that the fighting skills that Asura came up with last time also stimulated him. If he gives up even a little bit, If the Asura clan succeeds, the consequences will be really unimaginable, so this time they have made a very complete case."

Zhu Yong had also seen Nazuo's battle plan at this time. He put down the battle plan and smiled at Wen Wenhai and said: "Speaking of it, the bosses and the others have worked hard enough. When formulating the battle plan, they paid attention to all aspects. Think clearly, this is really hard enough for them. Now their battle plan has been completed perfectly. Although it is not surprising, but according to their battle plan, But nothing can go wrong.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "This is what we want. Otherwise, why would we set up a staff department? Come and find out this battle plan for the elders and let them act according to the orders. Go ahead." ." Immediately, a disciple came in, took the jade slip, bowed to the three of them, then turned and left.

Zhu Yong also stood up at this time. He clasped his fists at Wen Wenhai and said, "I'm going back too. There are a lot of things going on now. I have to go back and deal with them as soon as possible." Chang Jun also stood up and followed Zhu Yong. When they got to the room, each of them had their own things to do and couldn't stay with Wen Wenhai all the time.

Two days later, the Blood Killing Sect's army was assembled. Gu Yuanzheng was still the frontline commander, but this time he had greater power because the Zerg had also joined the battle sequence. In other words, The Zerg are now under his command, and his responsibilities are even greater.

Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect's army directly entered the Asura clan's territory. They still used infantry to clear the way, but before they entered the Asura clan's territory, on Asura's territory, Countless Babel vines have appeared. These Babel vines first swept the territory of the Asura clan. It was precisely because of the sudden appearance of these Babel vines that the Asura clan wanted to hide them with illusions. The army was directly exposed. The phantom formation might be effective against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but it had no effect at all on those Tongtian Vine.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect advanced with all their strength, and the Asura clan began to retreat. They thought that the distance of the Blood Killing Sect's attack this time was still a thousand miles, but they did not expect that the distance of the Blood Killing Sect's attack this time was not a thousand miles. Li, but two thousand miles, so when they stopped at a thousand miles, they did not expect that they would be attacked by the Babel Vine that emerged from the ground. This really caught them off guard. , causing them to lose a lot of people at once.

Because this is a grassland with nothing to cover, the Blood Killing Sect naturally saw what was going on there. The Blood Killing Sect’s giant beast army rushed over and attacked Asura’s army. Asura's army was rushed into pieces, and with the cooperation of the Tongtian Vine, the losses of Asura's army were huge.

When the masters of the Asura clan saw this situation, they finally couldn't bear it any longer. They immediately launched an attack on the Blood Killing Sect's army, and the Blood Killing Sect's Fusion Dharma Team immediately began to fight back. , the war started in the sky of the Blood Killing Sect.

Just when the Dharma signs of both sides were fighting in the sky, several Dharma signs suddenly appeared on the Blood Killing Sect's army. These Dharma signs were all very special. When they first rose up, they looked like It seemed like huge gears, but then these magic formations changed. Huge long bows appeared in the sky above the Blood Killing Sect army, and then these long bows shot out one after another. The energy arrow shot straight towards where the master of the Asura clan was.

The speed of this light arrow was very fast. Almost in the blink of an eye, the long arrow had disappeared from everyone's sight. Then the attacks of the masters of the Asura clan suddenly stopped. As soon as they saw this situation , the people of the Blood Killing Sect were all extremely excited. They knew that the masters of the Asura clan must have been injured, but they were frightened, otherwise they would not be able to stop the attack, and this would not be possible for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. It was definitely an opportunity, and the Blood Killing Sect immediately launched an attack.