c7398 evolution

In ancient times, there was abundant spiritual energy between heaven and earth, but the living environment was extremely harsh. All kinds of giant beasts roamed rampantly between heaven and earth, and humans were just the most common creatures among them. Still living at the bottom of the food chain, any powerful beast can feed on humans, because humans at that time had not yet developed their spiritual intelligence. The initial evolutionary path of humans, like other creatures, was also about physical evolution. Metamorphological evolution.

However, the evolution of animals is often passive. To give the simplest example, take the elephants in Africa on the earth. Many groups of African elephants on the earth have no tusks, not just one or two big ones. Elephants don’t have tusks. All the elephants in the same group have no tusks. Why? Because ivory brings death to elephants, not protection, so elephants no longer grow tusks.

This sounds very reasonable, as if elephants are evolving, but in fact it can be said the other way round, that is, elephants with tusks were killed by humans, and some mutated ones have evolved in the wild. In the elephant community, elephants without tusks are regarded as disabled, but they are not hunted by humans. The elephants with tusks all died, while the elephants without tusks survived, and these elephants without tusks , there is a high chance that the children they give birth to will also have no tusks, so slowly, more and more elephants will be born without tusks, and there will be fewer and fewer elephants with tusks, and eventually there will be a whole elephant. The elephant population does not have tusks. This is a kind of evolution, but this evolution is passive.

Humans were like this in the beginning. Their evolutionary path may be the same as that of elephants. Humans also developed and evolved physically in the beginning. However, no matter how the human body evolves, it cannot evolve more than those ferocious beasts. Suitable for fighting, so those physically strong human ancestors were killed by wild beasts.

And some human ancestors who are not that strong, if they want to survive, they have to find other ways, such as using tools, and these human ancestors who can use tools are naturally smarter than those ordinary human ancestors. , so after such evolution from generation to generation, humans will eventually become smarter and smarter. This may be a kind of passive evolution.

And this kind of evolution is actually a kind of development of the human brain. Why is the speed of human brain development slower and slower? In fact, this is a relative statement. Human beings are becoming smarter and smarter, so they know , the speed of brain development is very slow. In the past, people didn’t know what the brain was, let alone brain development. Naturally, they didn’t know whether everyone’s brain development was fast or slow.

It can be said that human brain development is a very long process. Nowadays, it is very difficult for people to develop their brains faster. It took humans tens of thousands of years to develop their brains to At this current state of development, do you want it to take decades, or even years, for the human brain to develop faster than the past tens of thousands of years combined? That's possible? So it is not easy to develop the brain.

This is the situation Zhao Hai is encountering now. He just wants to develop the biological brain, and he doesn't want to harm the biological brain, but how to do this? Zhao Hai really has no good solution now. In the end, Zhao Hai can only treat the biological brain as a separate individual, not a part of his body, and then use his own thinking power to communicate with the biological brain. Let yourself become a biological brain, understand the current state of the biological brain, and then see how to develop the biological brain.

When Zhao Hai's thinking power was connected with the biological brain, Zhao Hai felt that most areas in the biological brain were sleeping, while only a few areas were working. Zhao Hai's thinking power began Entering the biological brain, he wanted to see how these small areas worked.

At this glance, Zhao Hai discovered that in fact, every cell in the biological brain can be regarded as a small processor that calculates and stores information. It is calculating and storing various information to be processed. This is this kind of The energy of cells is like the red blood cells in the blood. The main function of red blood cells is to transport oxygen, while the main function of white blood cells is to eliminate viruses and inflammation in the human body. Both are cells, but their functions are different. That’s all.

But how to get other sleeping brain cells to participate in the work? It seems that it is necessary to slowly increase the workload of brain cells, so that the brain cells themselves will be slowly developed. Otherwise, the workload will be so much, those brain cells can already be done, and other brain cells , naturally there is no need to participate in it.

But how to increase the work of brain cells without damaging them? At what speed will the workload of brain cells be increased? This is a big problem. If the workload is increased slowly, the brain cells may be adapted to the workload, and the number of brain cells involved in the work will not increase. If the workload is increased too fast, the brain cells will be damaged. The speed at which cells wake up cannot keep up, which in turn will affect the life of brain cells, so this speed must be grasped well.

For others, this speed may be difficult to grasp, but for Zhao Hai, this speed is actually not difficult to grasp at all. Don’t forget that he is now using the power of thinking to combine with his biological brain. In this At one time, his biological brain was like a separate creature, like a separate individual. This individual naturally understands itself better than others understand themselves, so it knows its own limits. There, he also knows when to level up.

After understanding this, Zhao Hai directly ended the communication with the power of thinking, and then he was ready to upgrade his biological brain. If he wanted to upgrade his biological brain, he must give the biological brain more work to do. Yes, in the past, Zhao Hai assigned different tasks to the same creature's brain. For example, he could manage the Xuanwu space and the time acceleration area. Putting such work into one creature's brain, he could monitor the blood and kill it. The work of the disciples of the sect is placed in the brain of another creature, and the research of the magic circle is placed in the brain of another creature. In this way, each creature's brain has some work, and every creature's brain will not be idle and will be very relaxed. .

But it's different now. He wants to develop the ability of the biological brain and further strengthen the development of the biological brain. In this case, he has to hand over more work to the biological brain. And now that he already knows this speed, the next step is to give more work to this biological brain.

It is actually very simple to hand over more work to this alien brain, but it is very difficult to control this speed. And if you want to control this speed, there is only one best way, and that is those Work can be done separately, and can be added or reduced at any time to facilitate some adjustments.

But it is not easy to control it. Take the research on the magic circle as an example. This seems to be very easy to control, but in fact it is not easy to control, because a simple magic circle, if you go deeper If you study here, you may develop countless changes and variants, and these changes and variants will greatly increase the amount of calculations in your brain, which is actually very dangerous.

So Zhao Hai thought about it a lot. If he wanted to increase the workload of the biological brain and make the workload controllable, there was only one way, which was to monitor the work of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and to monitor the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, too. A very hard job, but this job is actually very stable, because most of the Blood Killing Sect disciples now have no problems. You only need to monitor them, and the data will not appear too big. Fluctuation, as long as the data does not fluctuate, the calculation amount of the biological brain will not increase. This is almost equivalent to a fixed value, so you only need to transfer this data to the biological brain you want to develop, that biological The workload of the brain naturally increases, and the amount of increase can be adjusted so that you can control this increase.

As soon as he thought of this, Zhao Hai started to do it, but before that, he had to understand the situation of the biological brain, and then decide how much value to add. This was very important. He didn't want to add a large amount of it at once. The numerical value makes it impossible for his biological brain to react, and eventually causes the death of a large area of ​​brain cells, which is too terrible.

Fortunately, this was not a difficult task for Zhao Hai. He paid attention to the biological brain, and then directly calculated the data. Then Zhao Hai began to increase the value bit by bit. Increased until it reached the critical point of brain calculation, Zhao Hai stopped. He carefully observed the biological brain, wanting to see the condition of the biological brain. If the biological brain really couldn't stand it, he I will stop and think of other ways.

When Zhao Hai's attention was completely focused on the biological brain, he noticed that the area where the biological brain was developed was now very busy. It was obvious that the biological brain was now operating at full capacity. , but what caught Zhao Hai's attention was actually another thing, that is, in the undeveloped area of ​​the biological brain, some brain cells have begun to have a certain degree of vitality. Obviously, that part of the brain cells has begun to make preparations. You may wake up at any time and join in the work.

This is definitely a good thing for Zhao Hai, because it means that his plan is indeed feasible. When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately started to move, and he directly added another value to the creature's brain. Just after that value was added to the biological brain, Zhao Hai immediately turned his attention to the biological brain, wanting to see what was going on in the biological brain.

After this transfer, he discovered that the situation in the biological brain was very good. The part of the brain cells that was about to wake up before was now completely awake. He could join in the work, while the pressure on other brain cells Now it has been greatly relieved, and the biological brain has fallen into a very peaceful and gentle rhythm.