c7394 Forced out

In this attack, the Blood Killing Sect was not polite. The Blood River Dharma Appearances did not participate in the attack, but the long bows in the sky did. However, they did not appear in the form of long bows, but turned into full bodies. The flying flowers in the sky fell directly towards the army of the Asura clan.

As those flying flowers fall, as long as one petal falls on the Asura clan, the Asura clan member will immediately scream, and then a wound will appear on their body, as if someone had used a long knife. It was like being chopped with a knife. If a few petals fell on him, he would only end up being quartered.

This rain of petals did too much damage to the Asura clan. At least one-third of the Asura clan's army died under this rain of petals, and the remaining Asura clan members , as soon as he saw this situation, he immediately turned around and ran away, and ran away cleanly in the blink of an eye.

This time, at least half of the Asura army was lost here, and the number of the Asura army that came this time was at least more than 100 million. In other words, the number of Asura army lost here was more than 50 million. This But a very scary thing is that the Asura clan is not as numerous as the Yasha clan. The reason why they dare to send such a small number of people to deal with the Blood Killing Sect is because of their own strength and body shape. Their body shape is really strong. It's too big. One person from the Asura clan often has to deal with several people from the Blood Killing Sect, so the number of troops they dispatch has never been very large.

This time they dispatched more than 100 million troops, which was the largest number of troops they had ever dispatched. However, they did not expect that half of them would be lost in one go. Such a loss would definitely devastate the Asura clan, and the Blood Killing Sect as well. The attack did not continue endlessly. After attacking two thousand miles away, it stopped directly.

After they stopped for a while, the Blood Killer Sect immediately began to build the Zhan Zhi Fortress. At the same time, they were also preparing for the next attack. However, Wen Wenhai called everyone else to the command hall this time. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said with a smile on his face: "We did a good job this time, very beautiful. I really didn't expect that the Divine Machine Dharma Prime Minister would have such an effect once he took action, hahahaha , good, really good.”

Everyone also had smiles on their faces. They were really happy. They did not expect that Shenji Dharmaxiang's move this time would have such a great effect. Not only did it silence the masters of the Asura clan, but also It also caused huge harm to those of the Asura clan, which is really rare.

Just when Wen Wenhai was about to speak, he heard a voice suddenly say: "The Blood Killing Sect, you go too far to bully others. I want to experience the strength of the Blood Killing Sect today." This voice was very loud. He was old, and his voice was not very loud, but the anger hidden in his tone could be heard by everyone.

As soon as they heard this voice, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but froze, but then their expressions changed. Hu Changfeng even moved and disappeared. He had to find the other members of the Dharma Team as soon as possible. Fortunately, the first Time to react, this time the opponent must be a master, maybe the master that Zhao Hai has been waiting for.

Sure enough, just when that voice appeared, Zhao Hai's voice also came: "Hahaha, my Blood Killing Sect is used to this. I have been waiting for you for a long time. Come on, let me learn from you. Strength, I am really curious about your strength and whether it is as strong as your tone."

Zhao Hai's voice was also very calm, and even those few laughs did not contain much laughter. However, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard his voice. At the same time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also understood that this person It's not something they can handle, otherwise Zhao Hai wouldn't take action.

The old voice came once and said: "I didn't believe the news originally coming from the Yasha clan, but I didn't expect that it was all true. Okay, let me give you a lesson today. You The strength of this leader of the Blood Killing Sect, the number one master of the Blood Killing Sect." Following his voice, an extremely powerful aura suddenly pressed towards the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. This aura was extremely powerful, as if It was a sleeping demon who slowly opened his eyes. With his eyes full of evil intentions, he was looking at the whole world with evil intentions. But the people in this world could only see His eyes saw the evil in his eyes, but they couldn't see him. This made people in this world feel scared from the bottom of their hearts. They were all panicked and afraid. This was a kind of feeling that came from the bottom of people's hearts. fear.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were about to lose their minds, there was a sudden cold snort, and then an extremely powerful aura suddenly emerged from the Blood Killing Sect. It is peaceful, but there is a hint of peace in it, which makes people feel very warm and comfortable.

Then bursts of Sanskrit sounds sounded, and a huge, spinning Buddha seal appeared in the sky. This Buddha seal covered the entire Blood Killing Sect, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately recovered. With the tranquility, everyone felt more comfortable than ever before, and their state of mind reached a state of incomparable tranquility.

At this time, I heard the voice coming: "Hahahaha, Zhao Hai, do you know? In fact, you have one of the biggest weaknesses, but this weakness has been cultivated by you. You let you Your weakness is no longer a weakness, but has become a very strong point. That is the people in the Blood Killing Sect. Those disciples in the Blood Killing Sect are your weakness. You have devoted too much to the Blood Killing Sect. With all your hard work, you attach too much importance to every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, so you don’t want anything to happen to them, so you train them and give them the best things to make them very strong. This weakness is no longer a weakness, but I want to tell you, it is of no use, because a weakness is a weakness. Especially when you meet someone like me, your weakness will be infinitely magnified. , we can attack those people from the Blood Killing Sect to disturb your mind, but you can’t do anything to me, hahahaha, Zhao Hai, you should die.”

After saying this, I saw a giant black hand flying straight over from the distant sky. This giant hand came very fast. In the blink of an eye, the giant hand had pressed down on the Buddha in the sky. Above the seal, a loud bang was heard. The Buddha's seal shook twice, but it did not disappear. It just became dimmer. But similarly, the giant black hand did not disappear either. He was there. He raised it once, made it into a fist, and then punched it down again.

boom! There was another loud noise, and the Buddha's seal in the sky became even dimmer. At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others also received the order and immediately ordered all the disciples to withdraw into the underground base. After Wen Wenhai and the others received the order, they immediately issued it. This time the order was issued to each team.

The people in each team immediately started to move. They immediately cut off the Babel Vine beside them, and then directed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to jump into the Babel Vine one by one. However, some people... He entered the Optimus Tree Fortress directly, and then disappeared in a flash of white light.

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to evacuate urgently, but outsiders could not see it, because now there were countless big trees growing on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, and these big trees blocked everyone's line of sight. In addition, the Buddha's seal in the sky also blocked other people's spiritual power, so no one noticed the changes on the Blood Killing Sect's territory.

"Hahahaha, Zhao Hai, it's useless. You should give up. You can't stop my attack. You Blood Killing Sect people must die today. Hahahaha. I really didn't expect that countless Blood Killing Sect members would break through the world." The sect leader Zhao Hai turns out to be an emotional and soft-hearted person, hahahaha, this is really funny, so funny." The old voice came out once, and there was an extra hint in the voice. Arrogant meaning.

Zhao Hai didn't make a sound, but the Buddha's seal in the sky lit up again, as if new energy had entered the Buddha's seal. Zhao Hai's actions were also criticized by the Asura clan. The master understood that he was angry, but had no way to speak, so he attacked even more fiercely, and the giant black hand struck down at Foyin once.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated in an orderly manner. They originally wanted to speed up their retreat, but their captain did not agree, because their captain knew very well that if they were asked to speed up their retreat, they would not be able to do anything. Otherwise, panic will occur, and once panic occurs, it will affect the speed of retreat, so their speed does not seem to be fast, but there is no chaos at all.

The Buddha's seal in the sky flickers, looking like an oil lamp that has been blown by flying air. It seems that it will be extinguished at any time, but it has not been extinguished. It is still burning tenaciously, protecting Xue Sha. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not harmed by the giant black hand. This made the Blood Killing Sect disciples' eyes wet when they saw this scene, and their gratitude to Zhao Hai deepened in their hearts.

The preparations of the Blood Killing Sect came in handy. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated to the underground base in the shortest possible time, and then retreated from the underground base to the Xuanwu Space. Even those Blood Killing Battle Forts, They had all been shrunk and then retreated together.

After the last Blood Killing Sect disciple retreated, the Buddha Seal in the sky made a loud bang and then disappeared. The next moment, Zhao Hai had appeared in the sky. He stood in mid-air, looking at the He snorted coldly as he punched down the huge fist. Then he waved his hand and a huge sword energy came out of his hand and struck directly on the huge fist. After hearing a loud bang, the fist was struck by The sword was broken directly, and then the fist disappeared directly. At this moment, the old voice was heard saying: "Huh? Your strength has become stronger? Could it be that you have just been Are you hiding your strength? Interesting, really interesting. I didn’t expect that your strength would be so strong."nt

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.