c7399 upgrade

The Blood Killing Sect suddenly became quiet and stopped attacking the Asura clan. This surprised everyone in the Asura clan, but they didn't know what was going on. Why didn't the Blood Killing Sect not attack the Asura clan? Attacked. In fact, it's not just them, even the disciples of the Suicide Sect feel very strange. They don't know what's going on, why the sect suddenly stopped. This is so weird. Could it be that the last time Zhao Hai was with That master of the Asura clan suffered a loss in the battle? So no more attacking?

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were constantly guessing, after ten days of rest, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect suddenly received the news. It was not that they did not want to attack the Asura clan, nor that Zhao Hai was injured. , but the Blood Killing Sect will be upgraded at once.

After hearing the news, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect became excited. Upgrade, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all understand what this sentence means. Every time the sect is upgraded, for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, , are all huge improvements for next time, which is really great.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were happy, the news about the sect was like a basin of cold water, pouring on their heads. The only targets for this upgrade were direct disciples, because there were not many materials used for this upgrade. , only true disciples can be upgraded. If a disciple becomes a true disciple in the future, how can he still be upgraded, but ordinary disciples are not eligible for upgrade.

Most of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are ordinary disciples. They cannot become true disciples because they are not strong enough, so when they know that this upgrade is only for true disciples, they are naturally very disappointed, but they also quickly I just want to understand, if people want to upgrade, if you want to get more good things, you can only improve your own strength. Only in this way can you get everything you want. Instead of envying others here, it is better to work hard. Of training.

But those true disciples and core disciples are very happy. Equally happy are the elders of the Blood Killing Sect and the elders of the Blood Killing Sect. They can all be upgraded. Even if your level is very low, as long as you are a Elder, you can upgrade, so the elders of the Blood Killing Sect are very happy.

However, the Blood Killing Sect immediately informed them that because they were not completely ready yet, the upgrade time would be set in five days. They could not be upgraded until five days later, so they should not be anxious. Although the true disciples and elders were anxious, they also knew that it was useless for them to be anxious. If the sect refused to upgrade them, they would definitely not upgrade them, so they could only wait until five days later.

Five days later, the Blood Killing Sect finally upgraded all the true disciples and elders. All the elders and true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect received a metal rune, and then the sect also told them how to use this rune. , completely refining the metal rune, and then integrating the metal rune into their Dharma form. After the metal rune is integrated into their Dharma form, they will naturally know how to practice next. Now that you know it, you don’t need to ask anymore.

Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were a little confused, they still took the metal rune, and then they began to refine the metal rune. After refining, they discovered that the metal rune was not that easy to refine. Transformed, because this metal rune seems to be alive. Although it does not have its own soul, refining a living object is completely different from refining a dead object. This surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. .

However, they finally refined the metal rune and completely integrated the metal rune with their Dharma form. When their metal rune and Dharma form were completely integrated together, they felt that something was inside their heads. There was a bang, as if something exploded, and then they felt that the Dharma in their bodies seemed to have turned into a black hole, and all the energy in their bodies, and even the incarnations outside their bodies, were instantly absorbed. , incarnations of energy arrays, biological seeds, and other things were all integrated into their physical appearance. Even the energy in their bodies was absorbed into the physical appearance. The next moment, it seemed that even their souls were Their thoughts were all absorbed into their Dharma, and they seemed to be truly integrated with the Dharma at this moment.

When their thinking and the Dharma were completely integrated, they also knew what was going on. They also knew what this metal rune was and how to use it. They knew it naturally, as if they It turns out that I knew the same thing.

This metal rune has many functions. The first is to swallow. This sounds very scary, but it is actually very simple. After the metal rune is integrated with the law, it is activated, and he is activated. After that, he began to devour. The first object to devour was the incarnations of the disciples. At the same time, he also had another ability, which was to devour other metals. As long as they were high-grade metals, after they devoured them, they would Becoming stronger is also a kind of self-upgrading.

The second feature is networking. This is a new term used by Blood Killing Sect disciples. They use new external incarnations to connect with anyone else who also uses new external incarnations. At the same time, they can also use The new external incarnation can contact the real illusion at any time and enter the real illusion at any time. When they enter the real illusion, they will be protected by the new external incarnation. At the same time, this new external incarnation Incarnation, you will also receive various tasks and orders from the real illusion, such as the most suitable training methods for you, the most suitable materials for you, how many days have you not made progress, once you have not made progress for too many days, then This new external incarnation will stop working, and you will have to practice peacefully for a period of time.

The third feature is to help you practice. It can help you practice. Just like the previous external incarnation, it can absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, and then be refined by the external incarnation. After entering your body, this is Help you practice. This method is also the ability of the original incarnation. Now the new incarnation has completely inherited the abilities of the previous incarnation.

The fourth characteristic is the Wheel of Law. It has the same ability as the Wheel of Law, which allows the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to no longer be affected by the power of other laws. Even if they are affected to some extent, it will not be too severe. Big, this is very important, and this is not affected, and it also has a range. For example, after leaving the Xuanwu space for ten thousand miles, this ability will be lost, or after using the cross-border teleportation array twice, It will also lose its function, but this is already very remarkable. In other words, if you use the cross-border teleportation array first, the Wheel of Law can still be used at this time. When you are on another cross-border plane, you can use the cross-border teleportation array once. In the teleportation array, this ability disappears when it is transmitted to other interfaces, unless there is a larger wheel of law in that interface, but it can provide you with abilities.

The fifth feature is the inner space. There is an inner space in this new external incarnation. In this inner space, living creatures can be placed. If you fill this inner space with soil, you can plant it. Yes, because this inner space is in the external incarnation, all the magic circles in this inner space are all under your control. You can make a sutra refining circle in this inner space, which can be used to practice It is possible to make elixirs, refine magic weapons, refine war plant seeds, and plant spiritual plants. However, under normal circumstances, people will not be used to refine elixirs and magic weapons in that space, because They have no use for those things at all.

The sixth feature is the combat assistant who combines the soul and the light brain. This feature is quite special. He is like a clone of you, but it is your light brain clone. He can help you on the battlefield. Analyze and help you control weapons and fight. It can be said to be your best war assistant.

The seventh characteristic is that this external incarnation can also create countless clones, just like the female phantom beast insect. It can release countless phantom beast bugs to help you fight. It is very powerful. , and is not afraid of poison or curses. This ability is very powerful.

The eighth characteristic is that this external incarnation can be combined with your Dharma form. Of course they cannot use the Dharma form here, but after arriving in Wanshan Realm, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can use the Dharma form, and this The Dharma is very important. When this external incarnation is combined with the Dharma, your Dharma will change from an energy body composed of energy to an entity composed of metal. This will make your Dharma more effective. It is powerful and will also allow your Dharma form to last longer outside, because your Dharma form has Yin and Yang thunder pools to provide energy, which will greatly reduce your pressure and allow you to use the Dharma form to fight for a longer period of time.

In addition to these main characteristics, there are also some energies. However, these energies are not as important as these and are not listed separately. However, just these abilities have made the core disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples and elders were stunned. They never thought that what they got from Shenji Hall this time would be so unbelievable. With such a thing in hand, where would they go in the future? This is amazing.

But then they received a notification directly from the sect. Because this metal rune had just been issued, the sect would provide them with five sets of magic arrays that could be used for fighting for free. They are used during battles, but only these five formations are free. If they want to use other combat formations in the future, they need to use the sect's contribution points to exchange for them. This has also been implemented by the Blood Killing Sect for a long time. a policy.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect understand this very well. Even if you are a disciple of the sect, you can’t say that you don’t give anything and just let the sect provide you with good things. So the sect is like this The method was also very correct, so none of the disciples who got the metal runes were dissatisfied because of this matter.