c7391 War (3)

Just when the Asura and the poisonous snake were rolling on the ground, he suddenly felt that his hand was empty. The next moment, the poisonous snake disappeared completely. The Asura was stunned for a moment, and then secretly screamed, When he was about to move, he suddenly felt a pain in his chest, and the next moment he turned into black smoke and disappeared.

It turned out that when Asura was rolling with the poisonous snake, the monk from the Blood Killing Sect immediately ended the blessing of his own skills. As soon as the blessing of the skills ended, the poisonous snake naturally disappeared. As soon as the poisonous snake disappeared, that Asura couldn't help but be stunned, and then the two iron hands of the Blood Killing Sect disciple were inserted directly into Asura's chest, and the energy exploded, and the Asura was killed by the energy in an instant.

The disciple of the Blood Killing Sect picked up the demon-conquering pestle on the ground, and in a flash, he returned directly to the Blood Killing Sect's formation. However, there was a burst of cheers from the Blood Killing Sect's formation. They have won three games in a row, so they have reason to be happy.

"What a blood-killing sect. He is really powerful. Then let me meet you personally." After saying that, a person jumped out from Asura's formation. This Asura was not very tall. , just like an ordinary Asura, he was only about three feet tall, with three heads and six arms. He looked like there was nothing special about him. After he jumped out, he just stood there with a calm face, looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect, and said : "Blood Killing Sect, do you dare anyone to fight with me?" His voice was very calm, but loud. As soon as the Blood Killing Sect disciples heard this voice, they immediately recognized that this person was the one who had been here before. For the person who is talking to the Blood Killer Sect, this voice belongs to him and cannot be wrong.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were preparing to fight, they suddenly heard a calm voice from the Blood Killing Sect: "Do you really want to go out to fight?" The voice was very calm, and it didn't seem to be very loud. , but everyone heard this voice. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard this voice, they were all stunned, and then their faces all showed respectful expressions, because they all heard that this voice was exactly Zhao Hai's voice.

Asura who jumped out could not help but be slightly startled when he heard this voice, and then he immediately said: "But Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, is talking? This time it is our two generals, It seems like you shouldn't participate, right?" Obviously, this Asura has heard that this is Zhao Hai's voice. He wants to use words to squeeze Zhao Hai and prevent Zhao Hai from taking action. He should also know that he is not Zhao Hai's opponent.

Zhao Hai's voice came out once and said: "You have already gone to fight, why can't I go to fight? Either fight or get out. If you dare to play such a trick, I will kill you." Zhao Hai's voice was still so calm, But the meaning in the words was very rude, and when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood that this person from the Asura clan should be the masters of the Asura clan. He has become like this, ready to kill the people of the Blood Killing Clan.

When the Asura heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change several times. Finally, he snorted coldly, and then moved violently. His whole body grew bigger in an instant, and finally turned into a tall man. A giant that has reached a hundred feet. This giant's stature is so tall that it gives the impression that he is standing on top of the sky. At the same time, countless arms have grown out of his body, and eight legs have grown out of his body. Another eye grew on the palm of the first arm, turning into a giant Asura with thousands of arms and eyes.

This Asura stood there with all his arms raised and all his eyes looking in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. Then he snorted coldly and said: "Zhao Hai, do you really think we are afraid of you? Come on." Well, I'm here to fight with you today. I really want to see if Zhao Hai is really capable and can protect the Blood Killing Sect all the time." After saying this, he moved his thousands of arms, The eyes on the palm also suddenly glowed with black light, and the black light shot straight towards the Blood Killing Sect's army. It seemed that he was preparing to attack the Blood Killing Sect's army.

"Hmph, I don't know what's wrong!" Zhao Hai's voice came again. This time, his voice was obviously filled with anger. Then he saw a giant hand suddenly falling from the sky. This giant hand The hand was like a huge mountain, and it fell on the Asura at once.

The Asura roared fiercely, and then raised a thousand arms to block it in the sky, but failed to block the fall of the palm. A bang was heard, and the palm fell heavily to the ground, and then the palm of the hand fell to the ground. Disappeared, and only a demon-subduing pestle was left on the ground.

As soon as they saw this situation, the faces of the Asuras in the Asura formation changed wildly. They never thought that in their hearts, the master who was like a god could not even make a single move from Zhao Hai. Then, they were slapped to death by Zhao Hai. This was a huge blow to them. Someone in the Asura formation shouted: "Withdraw." Following this voice, The Asura clan immediately retreated back, and in the blink of an eye all the Asuras retreated.

As soon as they saw that the Asuras had withdrawn, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but cheer. Then Gu Yuanzheng ordered the army to advance. Following this order, the entire Blood Killing Sect's army immediately moved forward. Of course, the Demon-Conquering Pestle was also picked up by a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect and handed over to Gu Yuanzheng.

Seeing the Asura clan retreating, Zhao Hai also breathed a sigh of relief. Although he just killed that Asura with one move, he actually used all his strength. The move just now was not an ordinary move. , that move is called Five Elements Pressure. Tathagata used this move to suppress the Great Sage Qitian under the Five Elements Mountain. This is a unique skill of Buddhism. Zhao Hai would not be able to use it if he did not use his full strength. The person who uses this move, even if he uses this move, the spiritual energy in his body will be exhausted. There is no way to replenish all the spiritual energy in his body in one day.

The reason why Zhao Hai came up and used this killing move was because he knew very well that if he wanted to kill that Asura, he only had this chance. If he couldn't kill the Asura in one encounter, then there would be variables. Other Asura masters will not ignore them and will definitely take action when the time comes. If those masters of the Asura clan attack together, then the most he can do is to injure those people, but it is impossible to kill those people. human life.

Injuring ten of his fingers would be better than cutting off one of them. Of course, Zhao Hai would not let this guy go, so he used all his strength and used Buddhist secrets to kill the guy with one slap. In this way, there would be fewer masters of the Asura clan. One, and he also calculated that beating this master of the Asura clan to death can also scare other people of the Asura clan, so that other people of the Asura clan do not dare to move around, so that they may not Dare to attack, as long as you give him a day, he can return to his prime. By that time, even if other masters of the Asura clan come to attack, he can handle it.

Of course, the reason why he dared to make such a desperate move was because the Blood Killing Sect now still had Hu Changfeng and his fusion law team. Even if other masters of the Asura clan dared to attack, they would first have to pass the hurdle of Hu Changfeng and the others. As long as Hu Changfeng and the others If he can block the opponent for a day, he can recover.

Zhao Hai will not take risks easily. The Blood Killing Sect is now so powerful that he does not need to take risks at all. Just by pushing forward steadily step by step, the Asura clan can be wiped out, so in He would not take risks before he was sure, and this time he was not even taking risks.

Sure enough, the other masters of the Asura clan were frightened by the power of his slap and did not dare to attack again. Xue Sha took the opportunity to advance a thousand miles before stopping, and Zhao Hai also returned directly to his room. , began to meditate to restore his strength. Now he has one-tenth of the spiritual energy in his body, all of which have been replaced by spherical magic circles, so his strength is much stronger than before. It is precisely because of this that he After using this move of five elements to suppress, it only takes one day to recover. If his strength is not at this level, let alone one day to recover, even the move of five elements to suppress is probably not possible for him. come out.

None of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew about Zhao Hai's situation. They only saw Zhao Hai slapping the powerful, hundred-foot-tall Asura to death. They had no idea what Zhao Hai's state was after using this move. What they noticed was that they only knew that Zhao Hai was extremely powerful.

The Blood Killing Sect's attack this time was surprisingly smooth. The previous three battles had boosted the morale of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Coupled with Zhao Hai's last move, the morale of the Blood Killing Sect disciples had reached its peak. From the perspective of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they have no enemies. They have such strong elder masters, and they have a sect leader as strong as a god. How can an Asura clan be their opponent? So he cheered almost all the way. After occupying this thousand miles of land, there are even some things that are still unfinished.

But Wen Wenhai and the others saw much more than what those disciples saw. They clearly saw that after Zhao Hai used that move, his whole person seemed to become very weak. It was precisely because of this , so they did not attack with all their strength. They still followed the original plan and only captured a thousand miles of land, and then stopped.

Although the disciples below did not understand, no one at the top of the Blood Killing Sect asked a question. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not understand, they did not ask more questions. After being in the Blood Killing Sect for such a long time, they They had already developed the habit of obeying orders, so they didn't ask anything. They just carried out the orders from above.

After the war, Wen Wenhai called all the elders of the Blood Killing Sect together. Although they could be said to have won a great victory this time, there were not many happy expressions on their faces because they were still worried about Zhao Naturally, they didn't look happy about Hai's situation. Without knowing whether Zhao Hai was okay, they really couldn't be happy.