c7397 biological brain

What is the most fickle thing in this world is the human heart. The human heart is the most fickle. So, there may be many answers to what is eternal in this world, but the human heart can also be included. When the human heart is there, it can really be eternal.

Why can we see so many eternal and unchanging hearts in history? Whether it is for love, family affection, or loyalty, there are many records in history that carry those eternal and unchanging hearts. The human heart, because the human heart is more fickle and less constant, it is precisely because there is less change that the eternal human heart is recorded, and what is truly recorded in history is the fickle human heart. how many? The answer is very few, why? Because there are too many fickle people's hearts, they are not worthy of being recorded. Only people with special status will be recorded.

Zhao Hai would not naively think that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would not betray him. He was not a god. Even if he was a god, he could not guarantee that everyone would like him, so he wanted to control the entire Blood Killing Sect. Some necessary means are necessary, otherwise Zhu Yong would not exist.

And Wen Yuming is not an idiot, so after Wen Wenhai said those words, he thought about it and understood what Wen Wenhai really meant, but then Zhao Hai's words made him stunned and made him stunned. Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned. They all looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. They didn't believe that Zhao Hai didn't hear the meaning of Wen Wenhai's words. If Zhao Hai really didn't hear it, it could only mean that Zhao Hai was too naive. If Zhao Hai After hearing it, he still said that, which can only mean that Zhao Hai has already thought of a solution, so everyone looked at Zhao Hai, wanting to hear what Zhao Hai would say next.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and smiled slightly: "Active metals can be promoted in the sect, but you must be a true disciple or above to get active metals. If you want to get active metals, practice hard." , when you reach the level of a true disciple, you will be able to obtain active metals."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then he glanced at a few people, and then said: "The sect keeps very detailed records of the training of every disciple or elder. As long as it is found that someone is about to break through, , but whoever has not made progress in his practice for a long time, we should let him practice for a period of time and not let him use active metals, so that this problem can be solved."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then Wen Wenhai said solemnly to Zhao Hai: "Boss, this can solve the problem of the sect disciples, but if the sect disciples are tested by us, What should I do if active metals are used to cheat? You know, with active metals, it would be difficult to measure their true strength."

Zhao Hai turned to Wen Yuming and said: "Old Wen, do you have some magic circles that can be used to monitor people? We can let every disciple bring this kind of magic circle in the active metal, so that Now we can clearly understand the changes of every disciple, so even if they want to deceive us, it will be impossible."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, their eyes couldn't help but light up. They immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. Let this active metal be combined with every disciple, but all disciples must have this kind of active metal in their bodies. The array monitored by Xiao Xingye, even if this array can only monitor the strength of that disciple, is equivalent to leaving a nail in that disciple's body. If there is really something wrong with that disciple, then this nail will Nail, it's more than just surveillance.

Zhao Hai looked at a few people and said in a deep voice: "This matter has been settled. From now on, Shenji Hall will focus on developing new magic circles. After all, with active metals, our application of magic circles will become more and more popular in the future." As more and more magic weapons are used, there will be less and less application. However, this does not mean that the previous magic weapons will be eliminated. The previous magic weapons still have their functions. At the same time, this kind of When active metals are combined with our disciples, they will use more array combinations to better utilize the role of this active metal. It is up to you to study these array combinations. Do you understand what I mean?" At this point, Zhao Hai looked at Wen Yuming.

Wen Yuming nodded vigorously. Of course he understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai could not have said it more clearly. Active metals are really important to them, but this kind of active metals are very important to the French. The demand for arrays is also very large. If you want to maximize the role of this metal, you must have various arrays. And how these arrays can be perfectly combined is also very important. .

In the future, their Shenji Hall will have far fewer exercises due to active metals and will no longer need to make many magic weapons. However, their Shenji Hall will not have nothing to do in the future. The research on arrays and array groups is what they will focus on in the future. This is very important and related to the use of active metals.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "You go back first, don't tell this matter. The active metal will be distributed first, and there must be a matching magic circle. This must be well prepared. It only takes a moment. It is very rare for the active metal to be released and it can be effective. I have to think about it carefully and then make a decision. Regarding the magic circle, you will start working on it now. Researched."

Wen Yuming responded, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the four people left Zhao Hai's room. After the four people left, Zhao Hai fell into deep thought. He began to think about how this active metal could kill blood. Zong has brought about some changes and is also thinking about how to make better use of these active metals.

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai finally decided to come up with a unified management system. This management system will have different permissions for different Blood Killing Sect disciples. People like Wen Wenhai and others can issue orders through this system. But ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples can only receive orders, communicate with each other, or learn something, which is of little use.

But it is very difficult to come up with this management system, because it means that this management system has to control the lives of tens of billions of people in the Blood Killing Sect and analyze and calculate the lives of tens of billions of people. This calculation The amount is too large, and it is simply impossible for an ordinary optical brain to do this.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately thought of his biological brain. His biological brain is very easy to use. Although he has a lot of biological brains now, the number of these biological brains that are actually used is only 10%. There are not many, and among these biological brains, there is a biological brain that specializes in managing the Xuanwu space and the real illusion. So can the entire Blood Killing Sect be managed through this biological brain?

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai immediately began to shift his attention to the biological brain. He wanted to know how much potential this biological brain had that could be developed, and to see if this biological brain could be used for management. The entire Blood Killing Sect was very important to him.

When Zhao Hai's attention shifted to the brain of the creature, Zhao Hai immediately began to pay attention to the changes in the brain of the creature. Speaking of which, since he made the brain of the creature until now, he has never paid too much attention to it. This was the first time he paid attention to the operation of the biological brain.

Zhao Hai soon discovered that the operation of this biological brain is the same as that of the human brain, and its functions are exactly the same. However, it is also the same as the human brain. Only a small part of it has been developed, and it has been developed. The part that came out has made this biological brain very powerful. After all, Zhao Hai's biological brain is different from the biological brains of other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The biological brains of other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, None of them are as big as his biological brain. Other people's biological brains are at most as big as a human brain, but Zhao Hai's biological brain is a huge brain tissue with a diameter of about ten meters. There is really no comparison. sex.

As for the biological brain that Zhao Hai uses to manage the Xuanwu space and the real illusion, so far, only one ten thousandth has been used. In this way, this biological brain can already combine the Xuanwu space and the real illusion. The Imperial Illusion Realm is managed very well, even with ease, which is so rare.

Upon seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly. It seemed that he was really too stupid before. He didn't even know how to use such a powerful thing. He was sure that his other biological brains, Now it is almost in a dormant state, not functioning at all, because there is nothing worthy of his functioning.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly, but then he also understood that it was not a simple matter to make the biological brain fully function. The biological brain has not yet been developed. And it is not easy to develop biological brains. If it were really that easy to develop brains, people on the earth would not have been without brain development. Therefore, if you want these biological brains to work, you must be careful. Just a little bit.

Zhao Hai sat down cross-legged and began to think about ways to develop biological brains. Brain tissue is actually very fragile. If it is not handled correctly, it will cause brain damage. If it really causes brain damage, then the person may have to die. It was useless. It was precisely because of this that Zhao Hai had to be careful. He did not want to lose his biological brain.

The development of a biological brain is not an easy task. Why was the human brain developed in the first place? Maybe it's because of the crisis of survival, because human beings want to survive and want a better survival. For the sake of living things, other creatures evolve their bodies to adapt to the new environment. In this way, they can survive, but human beings are different. The evolution of human beings can be said to be the evolution of the brain. It is the development of the brain to make people smarter, allowing humans to change the environment and do it on their own. Finding a way to survive that is more suitable for oneself is what makes humans different from other animals, so if you want to develop the biological brain, it seems that you can start from this aspect.