c7390 War (2)

"Back off." A voice came from the Asura clan's formation. As soon as they heard this voice, all the Asuras slowly calmed down. Then they saw a sudden one among the Asura army. The tall figure jumped out directly. Although this figure was very tall, it was very flexible. It jumped out from Asura's formation, but like a leaf, it fell directly to the ground without a trace of dust. shock.

This is a giant. He is very tall, with one head, two eyes, broad shoulders, and two arms that look extremely thick. He is also about ten feet tall. He is holding a black tube in his hand. The red wooden root was only about three feet long. It looked very short. In his hand, it looked like an ordinary short stick.

After this Asura jumped into the field, he took a deep breath, and then his figure began to shrink slowly. In the end, his figure became only about one foot, and the wooden stick in his hand actually became smaller. It gradually shortened and became less than four meters long.

He stood there with a wooden stick in both hands and pointed the stick in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. This was a clear challenge. As soon as he saw this situation, there was someone in the Blood Killing Sect's formation. He jumped out immediately. This person was also over two meters tall. He was very tall. He held a long-handled sledgehammer in his hand, but his movement skills were not as nimble as that of Asura. When we reached the ground, we heard a bang and the ground was shaking.

After the Blood Killing Sect monk stood still, he looked at the Asura and said with a smile: "I really didn't expect that people of the Asura clan can actually shorten their bodies, hahahaha, but this is fine, I really want to Let's see how strong the Asura clan is, come on." After saying that, without waiting for the Asura clan member to reply, he rushed over with a sledgehammer and hit him head-on. This blow With the sound of breaking wind, the sound was very loud, which showed that he was indeed using a heavy weapon, and his power was really not a joke.

When the Asura looked at him, he didn't say anything. He swung the long stick in his hand and used it as a gun. He stabbed the monk from the Blood Killing Sect with one stick. His stick was stronger than the Blood Killing Sect monk. The sledgehammer in the monk's hand needs to be longer. If he stabs out this time, if the Blood Killing Sect monk doesn't change his moves, his stick will definitely hit the Blood Killing Sect monk first. And when their strength reaches their level, the difference between stick and spear The lethality is actually about the same. If he is really stabbed by his long stick, it will definitely be a transparent hole. He is using his weapon strength to bully others.

The monk from the Blood Killing Sect naturally discovered this. He moved his body and moved his hammer beside him. He immediately changed from smashing to sweeping, and swept the long stick with the hammer. The sledgehammer he used was obviously more powerful. It's so heavy that if it really hits the opponent's wooden stick, it will probably be enough for the opponent to suffer.

But that Asura didn't fight him head-on. He retracted the long stick in his hand, moved forward, grabbed the middle of the long stick with both hands, turned the stick sharply, and a jade belt was wrapped around his waist, heading straight towards The monk from the Blood Killing Sect swiped at the waist, and the wooden stick caught the wind. If this swipe really hit, the consequences would be really disastrous.

At this time, the monk of the Blood Killing Sect made an unexpected move. He suddenly pressed down the sledgehammer in his hand, and the sledgehammer fell directly to the ground. Then his whole body suddenly He jumped up, put his hands on the handle of the hammer, and using the handle as a support point, his legs jumped into the air and kicked straight towards the Asura.

The Asura leaned back to let go of the blood-killing monk's kick. At the same time, the wooden stick in his hand was thrust upwards. The wooden stick was like a long whip, pointing straight at the blood-killing monk. The monk from the Killing Sect was hit, but the figure of the monk from the Blood Killing Sect spun around on the handle of the hammer, like a windmill, just enough to survive the hit. Then he fell to the ground and backed away. He took two steps, holding the hammer in both hands, but his eyes were fixed on the Asura.

The two of them had already made several moves from the moment they fought, but the speed of both sides was very fast, and the changes were also very fast. In just the blink of an eye, they had completed the change of moves. The most important thing is that when the two sides met, During the fight, their weapons never touched each other. Such speed of changing moves was really surprising.

The two were holding weapons and facing each other from a distance. Then they suddenly shouted and rushed towards each other. They were fighting with hammers and sticks. This fight was almost the same as the previous fight. The weapons of the two of them actually never collided with each other a few times from beginning to end. Even if they collided once or twice, no sound was heard. It was obvious that they used the force-relieving method to remove the force from the weapons. All the power has been removed, that's why this situation occurs.

The two exchanged more than fifty rounds in the blink of an eye, but no one could do anything to the other. After sixty rounds, the monk of the Blood Killing Sect was obviously a little anxious. With a movement of his body, he gave way to that person. Asura then moved and exited the circle. Then he looked at the Asura and said in a deep voice: "You are indeed strong enough, but if you only have these two moments, then you will die today." After saying that, he held the hammer in both hands and stood there steadily, but his momentum became more and more powerful. Then, a shadow of a person appeared above his head. This person was very tall. , about ten feet long, and this man also held a long-handled sledgehammer in his hand. Then he moved his hands and hit the Asura with one hammer.

This hammer looks ordinary, but it has an indomitable momentum, as if even if there is a mountain in front of it, this hammer can flatten the mountain, and this momentum has completely locked that Ah Shura, that Asura couldn't hide even if he wanted to, but he didn't sit still and wait for death. His figure suddenly rose up as if he was blowing air. His figure was almost as tall as that giant, and he The wooden stick in his hand continued to grow along with him, and finally turned into a short stick about ten inches tall. Then he swayed, picked up the short stick in his hand, and pointed it straight towards the giant's sledgehammer. Picked it.

The giant looked at his blow with a smile on his face. He knew that this Asura wanted to use skill to remove the power of his blow, but if the power of this blow was really that easy If he removes it, he will not be able to practice the skills and blessings.

I heard a bang, and the sledgehammer hit the short stick, and the short stick flew out immediately, but the Asura shook his body and flew straight back. At this moment , another hammer from the giant also came. This time, Asura had no chance to escape, and was directly hit by the hammer on his body. He didn't even have time to scream, and his body turned into A line of black smoke disappeared, leaving only a demon-conquering pestle on the ground.

The giant disappeared, and the body of the Blood Killer Sect reached the figure of the Demon-Conquering Pestle. He grabbed the Demon-Conquering Pestle, then waved it twice in his hand, with a satisfied look on his face, and then turned around As soon as the shape moved, he returned directly to the Blood Killing Sect's formation and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

After two defeats, the faces of the Asura clan were not very good. Everyone looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect, their eyes seemed to be spitting out fire. Before the Asura clan could react, they saw A person jumped out of the Blood Killing Sect at one time. This person was of medium stature and very ordinary in appearance, but very thin. The most special thing was the weapon in his hand. He didn't have any weapons in his hand, but he only carried two iron weapons. Gloves, these two iron gloves have long nails on the front, like small scimitars. You can tell at a glance that these two iron gloves must be very sharp.

He stood there, looking in the direction of Asura's formation, without saying anything, just standing there quietly. This was a response to the challenge from the Asura clan just now. The previous Asura clan, from Asura's formation, When he came out, he didn't make a sound and just waited there quietly. The same was true for him, he didn't make a sound and just waited there quietly.

At this time, a person jumped out from the Asura clan's formation. This person was also very tall, about ten feet tall. He also held a wooden stick in his hand, which was ten feet tall. Two or three feet long, it was like holding a big tree. This Asura didn't say anything. He came up and smashed the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect with a stick.

The disciple of the Blood Killing Sect swayed to the side like a snake, letting go of the stick. At the same time, he raised his hands like snake heads, and then he pounced directly on him. , as soon as he pounced on him, a huge venomous snake appeared outside his body. This venomous snake was blood red all over, and it had two long fangs and bit straight at the Asura.

The long stick in Asura's hand turned and swept straight towards the big snake's figure, but the big snake scurried away, and the snake's body was wrapped around the wooden stick, and then He swam straight towards the Asura on the wooden stick, and his fangs were about to bite the Asura's arm.

The Asura waved his hand quickly and threw the wooden stick out. At the same time, he moved his hands and shot two water arrows straight at the poisonous snake. The two water arrows rushed straight towards the Asura. The speed was very fast, just like a shell being discharged from the barrel. The Asura had no time to hide and had to fight hard.

But that Asura was not a vegetarian. It didn't mean that without weapons, he was no match for the snake. His reaction was also very fast, and he didn't have time to dodge the poisonous snake's blow, but his hands were fierce. With a firm grip, he grabbed the venomous snake's head.

But just when he grabbed the head of the poisonous snake, the body of the poisonous snake took the opportunity and directly wrapped around Asura's body. The poisonous snake was very long and wrapped around Asura directly. Asura couldn't stand. Stable, he immediately fell to the ground. One person and one snake were entangled together, rolling on the ground. It was shocking to see.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.