c7392 Strengthen the offense

The atmosphere in the hall of the Blood Killing Castle was a bit heavy. Everyone's faces were not good-looking, and no one spoke. The whole hall was deathly silent, and even breathing could not be heard. This feeling made everyone's heart Everything became heavier, and no one spoke.

At this moment, a burst of footsteps suddenly came. The footsteps were very light, and then a person walked in from outside the hall. Everyone turned to look in the direction of the footsteps, only to find Laura smiling. Yingying walked in. When she saw everyone looking at her, Laura didn't look surprised. She just smiled at everyone, and then said, "What's wrong? Why are you so quiet today?"

As soon as he finished speaking, Wen Wenhai stood up first and said to Laura: "Mrs. Laura, I wonder how the situation is with the boss? I saw that the situation was not very good after the boss took action. We are all very worried." He asked on behalf of everyone, and it was precisely because everyone was worried about Zhao Hai's situation that the atmosphere was so heavy.

Hearing what he said, Laura couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "So it's because of this. It's okay. Don't worry. Brother Hai is okay. He just overexerted himself this time. He can recover tomorrow. The reason why he took action He was so violent because he wanted to kill that Asura, and it would be better to cut off one of his fingers than to hurt him, that's why he was like this."

Wen Wenhai and the others all let out a sigh of relief. As long as Zhao Hai is fine, there will be no problem. Wen Wenhai immediately laughed and said: "Okay, great. As long as the boss is fine, let's talk about it." Let’s talk about the next attack plan. We said before that the people of the Asura clan may use the method of blessing to make themselves stronger. From this battle, it can also be seen that they seem to It is true that they have similar skills, but they may have another ability that we have not thought of before, that is, their bodies seem to be able to grow or shrink at will. This is very surprising. The most important thing is , Their weapons seem to be able to grow larger and smaller along with their bodies, I wonder if you have noticed?" Wen Wenhai has now let go of his worries, so naturally he will conduct a post-war summary.

Everyone had recovered at this time. They were feeling heavy before just because they were worried about Zhao Hai. Now that they found out that Zhao Hai was fine, they naturally stopped worrying and their mood improved instantly, so everyone returned to their normal state. , and began to think about the next thing.

Now when they heard what Wen Wenhai said, everyone couldn't help but nodded, rolled their eyes and said, "I have also noticed this situation. I think they may not use Dharma to make their bodies bigger or smaller. That seemed to be the case before. It was Asura who used Dharma. He probably also used some kind of technique to make his body bigger. It was not Dharma, but this method should have a similar effect to Dharma. But I doubt that they are like this. The lasting power of the exercises to bless the body may be greater than the lasting power of the exercises of our Blood Killing Sect disciples to bless the body."

Although Bai Yan's words were a bit convoluted, everyone sitting here understood what he meant. His meaning was very simple. The Asura clan may not have the skills to bless the dharma, but they can use special skills. Let their bodies grow larger or smaller, and when their bodies grow larger or smaller, it will have a certain impact on their fighting, and the time of this impact will be longer than that of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The blessing of the Dharma requires a longer time, that is to say, if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use the blessing of the Dharma to confront the Asura clan, and if the Asura clan cannot be eliminated within an hour, then in the end They may be the ones who lose.

Wen Wenhai rolled his eyes and said, "The reason is that the bodies of the Asura clan can grow and shrink, but when we fought against them, it didn't take even an hour for them to all be defeated. Then why do you judge that the blessing technique of the Asura clan will last longer than our technique?"

Baiyan said solemnly: "Those masters of the Asura clan should have known when they fought with our fusion method team. Our fusion method team is very powerful, but it needs to be rotated every hour. Here, Under such circumstances, they dare to fight with us, which means that they have a certain degree of confidence that they can defeat us. The people of the Asura clan are not fools. They should have discovered that when their masters combine with our fusion method, When teams fight, our fusion law team can be rotated, so they came up with the trick of fighting generals. They just want to make our fusion law team unable to replace them, and then kill ours. Masters, they probably thought that our Blood Killing Sect sent countless masters to form a fusion team, so they did this. They just wanted to kill our masters, and through this method, break our fusion team. .”

At this point, he rolled his eyes for a moment, and then continued: "The people of the Asura clan have discovered the threat of our fusion team, so they will definitely take action against our fusion team. This time they want to use this They tried to find a way to deal with our Fusion Dharma Team, but they didn’t expect that the elders of our Blood Killing Sect would be so strong, so they failed. In the end, they wanted to send a master to plot against us. Fortunately, the sect leader took action , otherwise, our elders may be really in danger this time. It can also be seen from this point that the Asura clan is really very cunning. We must be careful when we face them in the future. Just a little bit.”

Everyone nodded, and then Baiyan continued: "It can be seen from these inferences that the Asura clan, before the war started, was absolutely sure that they could defeat us, but they It was a miscalculation, so they should also be researching our Blood Killing Sect now, so I think we must increase the speed of our attack on the Asura clan."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "It is necessary to speed up the attack, but we should not be too anxious. In fact, we have prepared the Shenji Dharma Team this time, preparing to fight against the master opponents of the Asura clan, but we were Their fighting generals ruined our plan, so when we attack the Asura clan, we should be able to take care of them, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded. They had originally planned to attack the Asura clan, but because of some fighting general created by the Asura clan, they had to slow down their plan. Now that the fighting general is over, Ah The Shura clan did not get any advantage, but suffered a big loss. In this case, they will naturally use this method in the next battle against the Asura clan.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "I think we are still the same as before. In three days, we will use this method to attack the Asura clan. By then, the spiritual energy of the sect master will have been restored. No matter what method the enemy uses, We can handle it all, and we can push forward all the way. If everything goes well, we will advance two thousand miles this time. I really want to see if the Asura clan can endure it."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Our ultimate goal is to lure out the strongest guy in the Asura clan and eliminate him. Only by eliminating him can we truly defeat Asura, so it is necessary to speed up the attack. "Wen Wenhai was right. Only by eliminating the strongest master of the Asura clan can they truly destroy the Asura clan. Otherwise, they would not have defeated the Asura clan.

But it is not that easy to lure out the master of the Asura clan. That guy is very tolerant, otherwise he would not have taken action until now. But Wen Wenhai and the others do not believe that the Asura clan At the critical moment of life and death, that guy still doesn't take action. If that's really the case, then that guy really has nothing to be afraid of. If he even loses his courage, there really is nothing to worry about.

Naturally, everyone will not object to this. They just want to destroy the Asura clan. Naturally, they will not be polite to the strongest person in the Asura clan. If such a person is left, they will always treat the Blood Killing Sect. It is a threat, so it must be eradicated as soon as possible.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, then the matter is settled. We will attack in three days and the enemy must be destroyed. If everyone has no objections, then let's disperse." Everyone agreed, and then they He saluted directly to Wen Wenhai, then turned around and left.

Laura also stood up, turned around and walked out. Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun immediately walked up quickly, saluted Laura and said: "Mrs. Laura, is the boss really okay? We are all worried. He, can we go see the boss?" Wen Wenhai was very loyal to Zhao Hai and had a lot of contact with Laura, so he made such a request to Laura.

When Laura heard what he said, she couldn't help but smile and said: "Not today, today Brother Hai needs to regain his strength. Let's do this. Tomorrow, tomorrow you can go and ask to see Brother Hai. I think Brother Hai will meet you. You guys The previous plan was correct, we must eliminate the masters of the Asura clan, otherwise it will always be a trouble."

Wen Wenhai nodded and responded: "Yes, then we will go to meet the boss tomorrow. Mrs. Laura, please go slowly." Laura smiled at him, then turned and left. Laura knew, Wen Wenhai and the others have no other intention than to worry about Zhao Hai. After all, Wen Wenhai and the others have been following Zhao Hai and are loyal to Zhao Hai. Although he said that Zhao Hai was fine, he did not see that Zhao Hai was fine without his own eyes. , they will not be relieved.

Laura didn't take Wen Wenhai's reaction to heart. Their reaction was normal. If they didn't react like this, it would be abnormal. So Laura's reaction to Wen Wenhai and the others was still... Very happy, although it was expected, but still very happy.