c7395 ask to see

Zhao Hai knew what Asura meant. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated, they were still grateful to him. If those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew that he just hid his strength and was not afraid of the opponent at all. If so, what would the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect think? Maybe they feel they've been cheated? Even if the other party didn't know that the younger brother of the Blood Killing Sect had already withdrawn, his words were just to sow discord, and he definitely had no good intentions.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I didn't dare to use my full strength before because I was afraid that it would affect our Blood Killing Sect disciples, but now I am not afraid anymore. It is also time to let you know how powerful I am, so that you don't really think that you You caught my weakness. I really want to see how you catch my weakness this time." After saying this, the momentum within the entire Blood Killing Sect changed.

Before, the atmosphere here in the Blood Killing Sect was neutral and peaceful, even very peaceful. There was a Buddha seal in the sky, but now it is different. Now the entire Blood Killing Sect seems to have turned into a mass of corpses. In the world of mountains and seas of blood, although there are no mountains of corpses or seas of blood, there is an extremely strong murderous aura. The murderous aura is so strong that ordinary people will be frightened to death if they encounter even a little bit of it. If a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect encountered him, he would probably be frightened out of his mind immediately.

Zhao Hai did not panic. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were here, he really did not dare to use such murderous intent because it was too terrifying. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could not bear such murderous intent. Shocking, once they are shocked by such murderous intent, they will go crazy even if they are not dead.

As these murderous intentions formed, a blood-red long knife slowly appeared on Zhao Hai's body. This blood-red long knife looked like it had just killed countless people. The blade was covered in blood red. , there was even blood dripping from it, and it looked very scary.

Zhao Hai was standing there, and the tip of the Blood Killing Sect's long knife was flying over his head. The blade was pointing in the direction of the giant hand of the master of the Asura clan. At this time, Zhao Hai The whole person is like a long sword, giving people an extremely powerful feeling, as if he is a long sword, and his every move can cut through the world.

"Huh? I really didn't expect that you really have some skills. The murderous aura in you is really heavy. How many people have you killed? But it doesn't matter. If you have such a murderous aura in you, you will definitely die. Well, even if I don't take action, you are still dead, you will be despised by the laws of heaven and earth in the world of cultivation, and they will deal with you then."

"You know a lot. It seems that you are really combined with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so you also know some outside things, but obviously you don't know much about outside things. Don't you Didn’t you realize that this is a training method? I kill a lot, but I have always killed so many people before. Until now, I have not been punished. Do you know why? Because I kill people for this reason. A piece of space, as if I killed you to remove a cancer in this space. Not only will the laws of space not blame me, but they will be grateful to me, because I am doing things for the laws of space, so I can always live like this. Go down, because I am walking in the way of heaven.”

"Okay, what a good Tiandao, but Zhao Hai, you have to remember that Tiandao is fickle. What kind of Tiandao are you? You are just a pawn in Tiandao's hands. Now you are useful, so no matter what you do, Everything is possible, but one day you are no longer useful, then you are finished. Heaven will not be polite to you. Heaven will kill you directly and will not care about what you have done. I believe, By then, you won’t be saying such things.”

"No, I don't know if the way of heaven is good or not, but I know that if I don't destroy you, I may die soon, so you all must die. I am the knife, the knife that can kill you. Now If Heaven needs my sword, then I will be a good sword. As for whether Heaven will no longer need my sword in the future, that’s not your decision, is it?”

"Obsessive, Zhao Hai, you are really stubborn, so let me see how strong you are. I really want to see if your heavenly sword can really kill me. ." As these words came out, a burst of fire suddenly appeared in the sky everywhere, and then a huge flaming sword slashed straight at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at the flaming sword flying over, snorted coldly, and said in a deep voice: "You will see it, but then you won't want to see it." After saying that, the blood-red color on the top of Zhao Hai's head The long knives flew out violently. The two long knives collided hard in the air, and a loud bang was heard. Both long knives were knocked upside down by the force of the shock.

But the two long knives did not disappear. Then the two long knives collided together, and the roaring sound was endless. When the two long knives intersected, a large amount of energy overflowed. This energy It was so powerful that wherever it passed, whether it was grass or trees, they were all crushed to pieces, even those war plants were the same.

In the blink of an eye, centered around the place where the two swords met, Fang Yuan within a thousand miles turned into an open space in the blink of an eye. Everything on the ground disappeared, and even the ground was blown up. Three points, and the two swords were still fighting in the sky. The whole world was filled with flying sand and rocks, which looked very scary.

About half an hour later, a loud bang was heard, and the flaming black long knife disappeared, but the blood-red long knife returned to the top of Zhao Hai's head. Zhao Hai stood calmly. There, looking into the depths of the Asura Realm, it took a while before he said: "Yes, your strength is very good. I have underestimated you."

"Humph, Zhao Hai, don't think you have won. The distance between you and me is so far, and you just beat me by one. What do you have to be proud of?" There was a trace of anger in the old voice. Yes, it seems that he is still very lucky for his failure this time, so it is just a casual comment.

Zhao Hai looked in that direction, and then said: "Okay, if you are really capable, then you can come, I will wait for you." After saying this, Zhao Hai stopped speaking, and the old voice disappeared. After disappearing, Zhao Hai stood quietly above the Blood Killing Sect. When he found that the other party had not made any sound for a long time, he waved his hand.

Following his movements, countless disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed out from the unbroken woods behind him. These disciples of the Blood Killing Sect walked forward, planting war plants along the way, and soon the area was destroyed. The ground was covered with plants again, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect continued to advance all the way, and soon reached the place they occupied before.

Zhao Hai looked like this and smiled slightly. Then he moved back to the Blood Killing Sect. As soon as he returned to the Blood Killing Sect, he received a letter from Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming asked to see him. Zhao Hai As soon as Hai heard what Yu Ming said, he knew that something was wrong with Wen Yu Ming. He immediately asked Wen Yu Ming to come to his study to see him. At the same time, he asked Wen Wenhai, Chang Jun and Zhu Yong to come to his study.

To Zhao Hai's surprise, Wen Wenhai and the others arrived at his study first. When Wen Wenhai and the others arrived at Zhao Hai's study, their expressions were a bit unsightly, with a hint of shame on their faces. Zhao Hai saw Looking at the three people, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said with some confusion: "What's wrong with you? Why are your faces so ugly? Is there something wrong? Did someone die in the battle?" Zhao Hai looked at the faces of the three people, I thought something was wrong with the sect, so I asked this question.

Wen Wenhai looked at Zhao Hai, then lowered his head and said: "I'm sorry, boss, this matter is our fault. Although we have always said that we will lure out the master of the Asura clan, we still don't let it go too much." In my heart, so when he started, our response was a little slow, and I'm really sorry that you had to stand up to them for so long, boss."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "So it's because of this. What do I think it's about? It's okay. I don't blame you for this. It's the other party's reaction that was too intense. Not only You haven't thought of it, not even me. Just pay attention to it in the future. We need to make more Babel Vine and Prime Tree fortresses. By the way, send the Blood Killing Battle Fort back to the Xuanwu space. Just pretend here. Just get the radar."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all responded. Wen Wenhai then looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Boss, isn't this why you came to us? We thought you were It’s because of this incident that you came to us, isn’t it?”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Of course not, it was Lao Wen who wanted to tell me something. I think there must be progress in their research there, so I want you to come and listen together. Come on , sit down, I think he is coming soon." After saying that, he led the three of them to the sofa and sat down.

As soon as they got there and sat down, Wen Yuming had already arrived. Zhao Hai immediately let Wen Yuming into the room. As soon as Wen Yuming came in, he saw Wen Wenhai and the others. He was slightly stunned at first, and then he understood immediately. Understanding Zhao Hai's intention, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "You are here too, Sect Master, you are well known and polite."

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said with a smile: "That's all, why are you so polite to me? Come on, sit down and tell me, is there any good news when you come to me this time? I've been waiting for your news for a long time. ." As he spoke, Zhao Hai smiled and pointed to the seat next to him, asking Wen Yuming to sit down.

When Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he first responded, then sat next to Zhao Hai, with an embarrassed look on his face, and said to Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, I'm sorry, it's us who have let you down. Well, you have spent so much effort in Shenji Hall, but we can't even handle such a small thing. Even now, we still haven't solved the problem of our Blood Killing Sect disciples using the magic circle here in the Asura World. Problem, this is our fault, please forgive me, sect master." As he said Wen Yuming, he bowed to Zhao Hai embarrassedly.