c7409 Method

At this time, a river of blood suddenly burst out of the woods nearby and attacked the big roc. The big roc had to move its wings and let the river pass directly. , the golden light in his mouth will naturally no longer be able to cover the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will naturally be safe.

But then another river of blood rushed towards the golden-winged roc. The golden-winged roc moved again and passed the blood river, but there was a trace of anger in his eyes. Obviously he was very dissatisfied with such an attack, and then his figure circled around his body, and then flew straight into a forest. When he was about to fly to the top of the forest, a river of blood rushed out of the forest. It came out, but this time the golden-winged roc did not hide. He reached out with his claws and caught it directly on the blood river.

A loud bang was heard, and then the blood river disappeared. This shows how powerful his grasp was. At this moment, the figure of Dapeng flew up into the sky at once, and then both hands He flapped his wings and flew straight into the distance. In the process, although he encountered several more attacks from Blood River, none of them hit him. His speed was too fast, and he was gone in the blink of an eye. It has already broken out of the territory of the Blood Killing Sect.

After the big roc flew away, the war plant of the Blood Killing Sect that had been taken away by the golden light immediately grew back, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also returned to their respective positions. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect on the periphery, They are even preparing to expand externally, but their expansion must be accompanied by the expansion of the War Plant Fortress.

Zhao Hai, the candidate, was sitting in the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect. Wen Wenhai and the others were also sitting in the main hall. The projection in the middle of the hall was showing the battle between the big roc and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai glanced at the projection, then looked at the people in the hall, and said in a deep voice: "Let's talk about what you think after watching the battle just now." The reason why they wanted to look at this projection , just to analyze how to deal with those Dapeng.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "It can be seen from this projection that the speed of the Dapeng is really very fast, and the power is also very huge. The golden light is still so domineering, but these Dapeng also show another kind of power. The ability is their eagle claws. You should have seen that their eagle claws are absolutely very powerful in combat. One claw can repel one of our fusion spells. This cannot but be said that their combat effectiveness is really strong. .”

Everyone also nodded. Indeed, as Wen Wenhai said, the power of this Dapeng's claws is really strong. The fusion method of the Blood Killing Sect disciples is at least a thousand Blood Killing Sect disciples. The power was just formed, but now it was shattered by the claw of this big roc, which shows how powerful this big roc is.

Ding Chunming then said: "We have fought against those big rocs. Those big rocs have very strong fighting power. Although they are very huge and have a wingspan of about 500 meters, they are very flexible. The most important thing is that they are very flexible." It's the feathers on their bodies. The feathers on their bodies are very hard and have very good defense. I feel that the feathers on their bodies are much stronger than some defensive magic weapons."

Bai Yan said: "When we, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, were fighting against those golden-winged rocs, although we could block the attacks of those golden-winged rocs, there is one thing that we cannot compare with them, and that is Flexibility, every team we have killed has at least a thousand people. If these one thousand people want to use the fusion method, it is best not to move. They can only use it while standing there together. If they can fly, just do it If you don't reach the realm of thousands of people, you can't use the fusion method. If you can't use the fusion method, you will definitely not be the opponent of those big rocs. I'm afraid that if you meet them, you will be destroyed by the big rocs. So in terms of flexibility, we are definitely not as good as those Dapeng. I think we must be careful about this when we play against those Dapeng in the future."

Everyone nodded at once, and Zhao Hai then said: "What everyone said is very reasonable. From this point of view, if we want to deal with those Dapeng, we may not be able to rely on the fusion of the Dharma Appearance Team, because our It is absolutely impossible for the Fusion Dharma Team to stop those Dapeng, because our speed is not as fast as theirs, so it is not easy to stop them."

Everyone nodded, and they also admitted this. It would be very difficult to stop those big rocs by relying on the fusion law team, because the speed of those big rocs was too fast and their power was very huge. So it's not easy to stop those teams.

Zhao Hai then said: "Well, I remember that we used to use the Rubik's Cube array before. It was when we got to the Asura World that we gradually stopped using the Rubik's Cube array. I think we can make the Rubik's Cube bigger." The array is being picked up and used, and it needs to be improved. In the past, our Rubik's Cube Formation was based on individuals. I think our next Rubik's Cube Formation can be based on the fusion method team, and the previous Rubik's Cube Formation can be used as a unit. We have also picked up all the attack methods. Like when the Rubik's Cube array used to attack the enemy, you can use energy beasts to attack, and you can also use metal nets to attack. The Dapeng is not small, and we don't need to use the metal nets to attack. If we make it too small, we can deal with him. As for their metal, we can use energy beasts to attack him and break his golden light. It takes time for their golden light to suck people in. First, The reason why he gave them time to attack so smoothly and sucked all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect into his stomach is because the disciples at that time did not react and did not resist at all. As long as we resisted, Even if it takes at least ten breaths, he can suck those disciples into his stomach, and in ten breaths, he can actually do a lot of things, what do you think?"

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned, but then their eyes lit up. The method Zhao Hai said was really good. Their previous thinking had not come from the Asura world. When they took it out, they forgot that this is the Garuda Realm. In the Asura Realm, you are not allowed to fly. Here you have to fly. Then their magic cube formation can be completely formed. Their magic formation is completely Once it can be used, they will have many ways to deal with Dapeng.

Wen Wenhai said with bright eyes: "What the boss said makes sense. We have forgotten the Rubik's Cube Array and how powerful it is. We should use the Rubik's Cube Array again. Now, you must know that the attack method of the Rubik's Cube Formation will never become outdated no matter when it comes."

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng even smiled and said: "Although the attack of the Rubik's Cube Formation will never be outdated, I feel that our metal wall attack method is somewhat inappropriate now, but the energy beast attack method, But it is still feasible, not only possible, but also very feasible.”

Everyone chuckled. The defense method of the metal wall is indeed not feasible for attack, because the attack method of the metal wall is slower. If you deal with a guy like Dapeng who is good at speed, you will suffer. Therefore, it is not necessary to attack the metal wall, but the energy beast attack is feasible.

Wen Wenhai then said: "The cavalry team, I think, can also perform to win. When it comes to flexibility, our ordinary disciples really can't compare with those Dapeng, but the cavalry team is different. The cavalry team can now use the fusion method while advancing, which makes their attack power extremely powerful, so I think the cavalry team should be more suitable to deal with the Dapeng clan."

Everyone nodded, and Ding Chunming said: "With the cooperation of the cavalry, plus us, and if we add the Rubik's Cube Formation, I think we can deal with those big rocs." Ding Chunming said to them who have undergone special training He is still very confident. He knows that the fighting power of these people is absolutely extraordinary. Even if they fight against those Dapeng alone, they will not suffer losses, let alone the cavalry team and the Rubik's Cube Formation.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and finally turned his attention to Shu Li and Cang Ming, and said in a deep voice: "Shen Li, Cang Ming, you two, don't be anxious now. I am now thinking of ways to improve the abilities of your alien clan. As long as I can improve Your energy, then it’s time for your alien clan to come into play. In fact, if you, the alien clan, are strong enough, you are the most suitable person to deal with those Dapeng, because of your speed and flexibility. , can be compared with those Dapeng, but now your strength is indeed a little bit behind, and you must improve it."

Shu Li and Cang Ming both agreed. In fact, they also knew that when their alien clan was in the Asura world, they could no longer keep up with everyone else. When they were in the Asura world, the alien clan and the Asura clan were facing each other head-on. There is almost no chance of fighting. This is completely different from that in the Yaksha Realm. In the Yaksha Realm, they can form a large army and fight against the Yaksha Clan's army, but in the Asura Realm, they are completely unable to do so. No more, we can only rely on absorbing the genes of some huge monsters to make the aliens bigger, so that they can avoid fighting with the Asuras. However, this is not the right path for the development of the aliens. The aliens do not need the body shape. It's too big. Their real strength is their combat awareness, but their strength is too poor. The role that their combat awareness can play is really too limited. There is nothing they can do about this.

Now that Zhao Hai said this, both Shu Li and Cang Ming were very moved. They felt that Zhao Hai had not forgotten them. Zhao Hai also regarded them as his most important subordinates. This was enough for them. To know that they They have followed Zhao Hai for a long time. They have seen with their own eyes that one race after another has been eliminated because they could not keep up with Zhao Hai. However, they can always follow Zhao Hai. How lucky they are. Among them are The reason for their talent is that their fighting talent is so good that they can always help Zhao Hai, so they can always follow Zhao Hai. However, there is also the reason why Zhao Hai focuses on cultivating them. If Zhao Hai had not been cultivating them, they would also It is impossible to follow Zhao Hai till today.