c7403 Proud

A huge, burning palm pressed towards Zhao Hai. This huge palm didn't seem to be very fast, but it was definitely not slow either. Moreover, it didn't look very big, but it was very powerful. The human feeling is extremely huge, so anyone with some experience knows that this is because he has completely locked Zhao Hai with his Qi machine, and his momentum is extremely powerful, so Zhao Hai is You can't hide even if you want to.

Zhao Hai looked at this palm. He knew that this palm had concentrated all the energy and spirit of the master Asura. It could be said that this palm had concentrated all the power he could use to send out this After taking the palm, he no longer has any strength. If he fails, he will die of exhaustion.

But Zhao Hai was not afraid. He stood there calmly, looking at the palm. Then a smile appeared on his face, and then he took a sharp breath. With this movement, his His body swelled up in an instant, and he turned into a giant with a height of about 100 meters. Although it was far behind that Asura, his height was also very huge. .

Then I saw Zhao Hai punch out. There was nothing fancy about this punch. It was just an ordinary punch. This punch hit the giant fist right where the fist and the giant palm intersected. For a moment, the world seemed to be silent, and then a loud bang was heard, and energy overflowed, but Zhao Hai's figure did not move at all, and the giant palm disappeared, but Those surrounding the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had to use all their strength to resist.

After a while, the energy completely disappeared, a large area of ​​combat vegetation on the ground was destroyed, and Zhao Hai's figure returned to normal, and he was facing the Asura clan man from a distance, the master of the Asura clan. , looked at Zhao Hai with a look of shock. After a while, he finally said: "Okay, it's really powerful. Zhao Hai, you are really strong. It's a pity that I can't fight you again." After saying this, his body The shape slowly turned into black smoke and disappeared, and the last demon-conquering pestle fell from the sky to the ground.

Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the Demon-Conquering Pestle fell directly into his hand. He glanced at the Demon-Conquering Pestle, then directly put the Demon-Conquering Pestle away, and then said: "Blood Killing Sect, attack, and defeat it. Shura Realm." The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were in a daze were suddenly awakened by Zhao Hai's voice. They immediately responded and then rushed forward. This time, there was no need for Zhao Hai to take action. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect themselves formed a fusion of techniques and blessings, and rushed forward. None of the remaining Asuras was their enemy.

Zhao Hai looked at this situation with a smile on his face. He knew that their Blood Killing Sect would definitely win. There were no masters in the Asura clan. Although the Asura clan was strong, how could they defeat it? However, as for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who have practiced the techniques to bless and fuse with the Dharma, in this case, it can be said that the Asura clan has no chance of making a comeback and will only be destroyed.

Seeing all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushing over, Zhao Hai returned to the Xuanwu Space and arrived at the command hall. As soon as Zhao Hai entered the command hall, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately greeted him. They all saluted Zhao Hai, but At the same time, their faces all showed a look of hesitation.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, but seemed not to see them, and said directly: "Let the disciples of the sect clean up the entire Asura world as soon as possible. Be careful, there must not be any casualties, otherwise, Don't blame me for being rude, okay, I'll leave this to you, we'll have a meeting after the war is completely over." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared.

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others didn't say anything and all responded. However, Zhao Hai had already left at this time and seemed not to have heard their voices. Seeing Zhao Hai leaving, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he turned to everyone and smiled bitterly and said: "It seems that the boss has spent a lot of money this time. That matter can only wait until a while. I told the boss, okay, let’s all get busy.”

Everyone looked at each other impatiently, then nodded, turned around and left. The Blood Killing Sect has also begun to sweep the entire Asura World. They want to clear out all the Asuras in the Asura World, leaving no one left, so that they can truly occupy the Asura World.

Things are going very smoothly. Although there are still a lot of ordinary Asuras left in the Asura world, the strength of those Asuras is really incomparable to that of the Blood Killing Sect, so in the Blood Killing Sect's attack Below, those Asuras were quickly wiped out.

The moment those Asuras were eliminated, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt that the Asura world suddenly relaxed, all the pressure was gone, the depressing feeling completely disappeared, and they could fly. Their external incarnations are fully usable, their magic formations are also usable, and all the power of laws in the Asura world has disappeared.

As soon as they felt this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but feel happy for a while. Everyone couldn't help but become happy. Wen Wenhai and the others were also very happy, but they did not forget their responsibilities. They immediately gave the order for the Blood Killing Sect to The disciples of the sect began to build a protective shield here, and they must protect the entire Asura world.

At the same time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also found the space passage in the Asura Realm. The space passage in the Asura Realm is quite special. Their space passage here is in the trunk of a big tree. It looks like a Like a huge tree hole, the most surprising thing is that this tree is actually alive. There is a statue on this tree, a statue of Ashura. This statue of Ashura is The statue of Asura with a thousand arms, three heads, eight legs, and a thousand eyes looks a bit scary, but he is sitting cross-legged on a big tree, and the branches and leaves of the big tree are like lotus flowers, which looks very beautiful.

Originally, the statue was still black, and even the big tree was black. But when the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, holding the demon-subduing pestle in their hands, chanted loudly in front of the statue, the entire statue changed. , the color of the big tree became normal, the leaves on the tree also turned green, and the statues on the big tree turned golden, giving people a very sacred and majestic feeling. At the same time, the entire Asura world , the Buddha's light soared into the sky, and the whole world was filled with a peaceful atmosphere.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already called Wen Wenhai and the others to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect. After everyone arrived at the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai glanced at these people, then smiled slightly and said: " The Asura World has been conquered by us. I know that many people now want to start attacking the next interface, but I am not in a hurry. If nothing else happens, we will have at least three interfaces left. It needs to be conquered, so there are some things I want to say in front of you. At the same time, I am also using this period of time to let everyone take a good rest and wait for Chunming and the others. Their training is almost completed. As long as they come out , then we can send the second group of people into the time acceleration area to practice, which will further enhance the strength of our Blood Killing Sect."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then he glanced at everyone, and then said: "I know that many people feel very strange now and don't know what I want to say. It's actually very simple. I I just want to talk about the final battle between me and the top master of the Asura clan."

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone. When everyone heard Zhao Hai mentioned that battle, their faces were a little unnatural. Zhao Hai looked at them, smiled slightly, and said in a deep voice: "I know, many people don't I understand very well why I want to have a fair fight with the master of the Asura clan even though I have the upper hand. Oh, if I want to say it’s fair, it’s not entirely fair. I can only say it’s relatively fair. Fighting, in the eyes of many people, I am just taking risks, showing off, and not taking my own life seriously, am I right?"

No one spoke, but some people lowered their heads unconsciously, because they did think so, but they didn't want Zhao Hai to see their faces. It's okay for Zhao Hai to say so, but if they say so, That's disrespectful to Zhao Hai. Even if others don't cause trouble for them, they themselves will feel embarrassed.

Zhao Hai looked at them, then chuckled and said: "I will tell you the reason now. The reason why I did this is to create an iron bone for the Blood Killing Sect, so that they will not bend down. No You are an iron man who can bow his head!" Zhao Hai's words were not loud, but they were extremely firm, causing everyone in the hall to unconsciously look up at him. Some people even bent their bodies and suddenly He sat upright and everyone looked at Zhao Hai with excitement.

Zhao Hai looked at the crowd and said: "Our Blood Killing Sect has conquered so many interfaces and has never been defeated. We rely on our own strength and the strength of all of us. I have always told everyone that the Blood Killing Sect has never been defeated. Disciples of the Killing Sect, don’t be proud. Once you are proud, our Blood Killing Sect will not be far from failure, because pride will make you unable to see the road ahead, your shortcomings, and your Once we lose the motivation to move forward, we will naturally have no way to make progress, so we disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cannot be proud."

"However, our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must have pride. Without arrogance, but with pride, this is the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect that I want to see. What is pride? Pride means that you have strength, but you don't You will take pleasure in bullying the weak. What is pride? Pride means that when you face thousands of enemies of generations, you dare to draw your sword, you dare to show your sword. What is pride? Pride means that you dare to offend me. The mighty ones of the Blood Killing Sect will be killed no matter how far away they are! What is pride? Pride means that we dare to give our enemies a fair chance to fight because we believe they can’t defeat us! This is the pride of our Blood Killing Sect!”