c7401 Method

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes lit up, and then he said: "I have been worried before that the other party is deliberately irritating you. When you can't stand the stimulation and keep rushing forward, That master of the Asura clan is gathering all the masters of the Asura clan, setting up a trap, and then dealing with you. If you are so sure, boss, then I think you can kill him directly. We will follow you all the way. Push forward, I think in that case, we can quickly wipe out the Asura clan."

Zhao Hai nodded, Wen Wenhai was right, pushing forward all the way, this is more effective than any other strategy, it relies on strength, the opponent's strength is not as strong as theirs, then if they push forward all the way, then There are no more problems. As for ambushes, traps, etc., Zhao Hai doesn't care at all.

"No, I don't agree. It's too risky." A voice suddenly said. Everyone turned around and saw that it was Mr. Jin who was speaking. Mr. Jin also stood up at this time and said in a deep voice. : "Although the sect master is extremely powerful, the masters of the Asura clan cannot be underestimated. I think we cannot underestimate them and should deal with them with all our strength. The sect master is the backbone of our Blood Killing Sect, so There must be no mistakes, so the sect leader must not take this risk." Mr. Zhen's face was very calm, but his tone was firm.

Everyone in the hall also nodded, obviously agreeing with what Zhan Lao said. Before Zhao Hai could speak, Elder Array continued: "But I have a method, which is similar to Elder Wen's method, but it should be safer. I just don't know if the sect leader will agree."

When Zhao Hai heard what Mr. Zhen said, he was stunned, and then he immediately said: "Lao Zhen said there is no defense, and I also want to know what method you said." Zhao Hai actually did the same. I don’t want to quarrel with the Asura clan anymore. It’s really pointless. The Blood Killing Sect attacks their various interfaces. In fact, the most important thing is to train troops. If it weren’t for troop training, Zhao Hai could level all these interfaces by himself. Well, why bother fighting for so long, so now he is very interested in what Mr. Zhen said.

Elder Jin looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, Elder Ding and the others have been practicing for a long time. I wonder when they will be able to come out of seclusion?" Elder Jin asked this question very calmly, but everyone understood it. What he meant was that it seemed that he had set his sights on Ding Chunming and the others.

When everyone in the hall heard what he said, their eyes lit up. Ding Chunming and the others were not weak in strength originally, but now they are practicing in the time acceleration zone, and it has been almost a year. If they are now If you can help Zhao Hai out of seclusion, then this matter will be simple.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he shook his head and said: "No, Ding Chunming and the others haven't completed their training yet, and they have to wait for a few months, so this matter won't work. I'm thinking of other ways." ." Of course Zhao Hai would not agree, because Ding Chunming's strength has not yet reached the effect he expected, and he would not agree. This is related to the future of the Blood Killing Sect, and he will not let Ding Chunming They left customs early.

Ding Chunming and the others did not prepare for these interfaces at all. It can be said that Ding Chunming and the others were masters who prepared in advance for Zhao Hai to enter the Wanshan Realm in order to kill the sect in the future. They spent all their time on these interfaces. You don't have to come out from there, as long as they get to Wanshan Realm and they can be used.

When Elder Zhen heard what Zhao Hai said, he was not disappointed. He just nodded and said: "Okay, then we won't ask Elder Ding and the others to come out of seclusion. Then we will use another method." At this point, Elder Zhen After a pause, he then continued: "The reason why our Blood Killing Sect came up with the method of blessing and merging skills before was because the sect leader used this method, so now can we also use this method? We have many Dharma teams now, and each team is not weak in strength. When the sect leader fought with the master of the Asura clan before, the reason why he did not let us intervene was because the momentum of both sides was too strong, which would affect We, and you, are also too strong when fighting, and may hurt us, but if you, the sect master, command all the fusion methods of our Blood Killing Sect, you can fuse all the methods of these fusion methods together. , if it becomes a one-shot power, then I think, no matter it is the master of the Asura clan, or all the masters of the Asura clan, it is impossible for you to be your opponent. Yes, what does the sect master think?"

Everyone was stunned by what Mr. Zhen said, but then everyone's eyes lit up. They all felt that what Mr. Zhen said was really reasonable. How could they have forgotten it before? Those of the Blood Killing Sect The Fusion Dharma Team was all inspired by Zhao Hai. If Zhao Hai was now to command all the Fusion Dharma Teams to attack the Asura clan, there should be no problem and they could completely overwhelm their opponents.

Not only Asura and the others, but also Zhao Hai himself, his eyes lit up. He did not expect that the leader of the formation would come up with such a method, but he had to admit that the method of the leader of the formation was really very good. Yes, it took a while before Zhao Hai said: "Okay, very good, this method of the array leader is good. In this way, we can combine all the skills and blessings together, and we don't have to worry about suppressing the momentum. We can Combining all the murderous aura together, it is enough to overwhelm the opponent, good, very good."

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard what Zhao Hai said, their eyes lit up. They knew that Zhao Hai said this, which meant that the matter was done. As long as this matter was completed, then they could kill Asura All the members of the clan have been dealt with, which is definitely a good thing, because it means that the war in the Asura world will soon be over.

Mr. Jin glanced at everyone, and then said: "But we must also take some precautions. We also need someone to take precautions here in our base, and then we can deal with the masters of the Asura clan. What does the sect master think?" Mr. Jin is now He is really thinking more and more comprehensively about things, because he is the chief of staff of the staff department and manages the entire staff department. The staff department is to make the battle plan for the entire sect, so naturally it needs to think of all aspects. , so he has developed this habit now.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's do this, boss, you go back and make a battle plan. Give the battle plan to me. Everyone else should go back as well. We and the Asura clan The decisive battle is coming soon." Everyone responded, then stood up, turned around and left.

After everyone left, Zhao Hai smiled. He sat there and murmured: "Not bad, it's really good. Now it's interesting. I can finally stand alone." After saying this, Zhao Hai then Turning around and returning to his room, to be honest, Zhao Hai really had a headache when facing those people from the Asura clan, because those people from the Asura clan were really strong, especially the Asura clan. Although he is sure that he can defeat him, it is impossible to destroy him in one go. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai is so careful.

Early the next morning, the battle plan was sent to Zhao Hai by the boss. Zhao Hai took a look at the battle plan and found that the battle plan was really good. All aspects had been thought of. Now, they have thought about how to fight the Asura clan, how to deal with the Asura clan, and how to deal with the Asura clan's different tactics, and they have done this very well.

After Zhao Hai read the battle plan, he directly gave it to Wen Wenhai and the others. After Wen Wenhai and the others read it, they had no objection, so Zhao Hai directly asked them to act according to the plan. The first step is to conduct some training in the real illusion. In terms of preparation, it is to conduct a joint training, which will allow Zhao Hai to perfect the Dharma of the Blood Killing Sect's fusion Dharma team in the shortest possible time. The integration is the most important thing.

The training conducted by Zhao Hai this time was mainly aimed at the true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Those true disciples had just obtained new active metals, and now they are completely suitable for the characteristics of active metals. Active metals can increase their combat effectiveness. Even during the fusion of Dharma, their combat effectiveness can be increased, which is very rare, so Zhao Hai pulled out these true disciples. This was enough, and the remaining ordinary disciples formed Integrating the Dharma Appearance means protecting the territory of the Blood Killing Sect during the war.

The training in the real illusion is very successful, because the entire fusion of the Dharma is led by Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai is leading the Dharma, he directly communicates with their external incarnations, and then their external incarnations. The avatar is telling them that this process is long, but their avatar plays a vital role when they fight. It can be said that this kind of communication can be completed in the blink of an eye.

Also coupled with the traction of the Qi machine, their training is very easy to complete. In fact, as long as Zhao Hai integrates all the Dharma signs, it will be much easier to proceed to the next step. He is the leader, and the other Dharma signs are in the Qi machine. Under the guidance of his father, you will immediately know what he is going to do next. As long as he does not deliberately cause trouble, there will be no problems.

This training only took three days in total. During these three days, the Asura clan did not attack the Blood Killing Sect. Obviously, the masters of the Asura clan were not interested in the Blood Killing Sect. They are also very fearful, including the top master of the Asura clan. He is more fearful of the Blood Killing Sect than anyone else. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai and the others were given a few days to allow them to Quiet training.

Three days later, it will be time for the Blood Killing Sect to attack the Asura clan. Success or failure depends on this!