c7407 Dapeng

Three days later, in the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai sat on the main seat, Chang Jun and the others stood aside. Following Chang Jun, there were a hundred elders selected from the Blood Killing Sect, including Including Yao Jianhao and even Zhang Hongliang, they are the group of people who want to enter the time acceleration area to practice.

Zhao Hai glanced at Chang Jun and the others. Chang Jun and the others were a little excited. Zhao Hai nodded at them and said: "When you get inside, practice well and don't think about when you will come out. When it's your turn to come out, you will naturally I will let you out, so don’t think about anything, just concentrate on practicing.”

Chang Jun and the others responded, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Ready." After saying that, he formed a seal with his hands, and then waved forward, a magic circle directly covered Chang Jun and the others, and then the light In a flash, Chang Jun and the others disappeared directly into the hall. It was obvious that they had entered the time to join the area to practice.

After Chang Jun and the others left, Zhao Hai turned to look at everyone, and then turned to Wen Wenhai and said, "Wen Hai, are you ready?" What Zhao Hai asked was naturally about attacking the new interface. If you want to attack the new interface, you must first send people to conduct reconnaissance on the new interface. Naturally, this is the preparation that Zhao Hai mentioned.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, boss, we are ready. There are five puppet disciples in total. Their bodies are all active metals and will no longer be affected by the power of the law, so we let them go." ." Wen Wenhai is very experienced in this area, so he has been prepared for it.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, let them take action." Wen Wenhai responded, and then directly gave the order, and the five puppet disciples who had been waiting next to the space passage moved. They jumped directly into the space passage. They had passed through this space passage more than once, so they naturally knew what was going on. Therefore, they all wore several sets of armor on their bodies, which were prepared for the light of decomposition. .

Just when the puppet disciples jumped into the space passage, the same projection appeared in the middle of the hall. The projection was still pitch black and nothing could be seen, but everyone's eyes were focused on that projection. Be careful. He looked at the projection, waiting for the projection to change.

About a quarter of an hour later, the sudden projection suddenly lit up, but what surprised Zhao Hai and the others was that the projection was completely covered with white mist, and nothing could be seen. This made Zhao Hai and the others stunned. , is that space full of fog? Just as he was thinking this, the projection changed once again.

They saw that the projection seemed to be moving, and then with a sudden movement, the white mist disappeared. Then Zhao Hai and the others saw that the projection appeared in the sky. The clouds in the distance looked like pieces when looking down. On the ground, when the projection turned around, they discovered that the place where they appeared before was in a cloud. The cloud was very big, so they looked like they were in a white mist.

At this time, a voice came: "Sect Master, elders, we have arrived at this new interface. The environment here is really good, but now we are all floating in the air, and we want to go to the ground. Up and down, but there seems to be a force on the ground holding us up, preventing us from falling to the ground. Now we don't use any energy, but our bodies can still float in the air."

When the puppet disciple said this, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, but Zhao Hai's eyes lit up. He understood now. He guessed correctly that this new interface must be related to the Golden-winged Dapeng. The Winged Dapeng is the King of the Sky, and this interface is naturally meant to help the Golden-Winged Dapeng as much as possible, so those puppet disciples cannot fall to the ground and can only fly in the sky.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "How do you feel? Do you feel that there is something suppressing you there?" Zhao Hai just wants to know how the laws of heaven and earth are there, and whether their magic circle is still suppressing them, no? Are there any other restrictions on making their magic circle useful?

As soon as the puppet disciple heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said: "Returning to the sect master, apart from not falling to the ground, there are no restrictions. You can use the magic circle here very freely without any trouble. The influence, and even the power of the law, has no suppression or hostility towards us. I don’t even feel the power of the Shadow Clan’s law here. It’s very strange. What should we do next? Sect Master, please give me instructions." The puppet disciple was also very experienced, so he directly told Zhao Hai what he was most concerned about and asked Zhao Hai for instructions.

Zhao Hai pondered for a moment, and then said: "You should pay attention, first observe the situation thousands of miles around. If there are no accidents, form a teleportation array. The sect will send people to support immediately. The interface you are currently on, It is very likely that it is the Garuda Realm. Garuda is the Golden Winged Dapeng Realm. The Golden Winged Dapeng is the king of the sky. It is very fast. If you are not sure about the surrounding environment, you may be forming a teleportation array. The golden-winged roc will suddenly appear and destroy you all at once, so you check the situation around you, and then form a teleportation array. Remember, five people form a teleportation array, and the other four people guard the four directions. , just wait until everyone arrives. Also, do you know how to use radar arrays? If so, open them all for me, do you understand?"

The puppet disciples immediately responded, and then they immediately divided into several directions and went to check the situation. However, the disciple Zhao Haiyu was talking about did not move. After a while, several disciples spread the news. I sent a message back and said they didn't find any situation there.

The disciple who was talking to Zhao Hai immediately turned into a teleportation formation after asking Zhao Hai for instructions. As soon as he turned into a teleportation formation, Zhao Hai immediately ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to directly enter the Garuda Realm. , establish a base there. After all, there are other interfaces there. If they don't have a stable base, it will be very troublesome.

The first batch of disciples who went there was only 100,000, and these 100,000 disciples were all cavalry. They formed a fusion Dharma team of 100,000 people, guarding the four directions. Then other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to enter the Garuda Realm. , establish a base there, of course, a base based on the Blood Killing Battle Fort.

Here in the Asura Realm, you can't fly at all, but when you get to the Garuda Realm, you can't fly even if you don't want to. You can't fall down at all, so there, the base of the Blood Killing Sect must be When building in the sky, you must be very careful, otherwise it may give the enemy an opportunity to take advantage of it.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered the Garuda Realm and were only about one million, Zhao Hai and the others suddenly heard an eagle cry coming from the projection. This sound was very sharp, although it was through the projection. , but the sound still reached everyone's ears clearly, making everyone's ears feel uncomfortable.

As soon as Zhao Hai heard this voice, his expression changed, and he immediately said loudly: "Everyone, pay attention, take precautions, the enemy is coming." Following his voice, a black spot was seen, approaching from far away , the speed of this black spot was very fast, and in the blink of an eye, the black spot had reached the outside of the Blood Killing Sect's base.

But the black spot simply ignored the Blood Killing Sect's defense and rushed directly into the Blood Killing Sect's base. Only then did people see clearly that it turned out to be a huge roc with a big mouth. In one picture, a golden light flashed, and all the Blood Killing Sect disciples covered by the golden light all changed and entered directly into his mouth.

Upon seeing this situation, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was extremely shocked. They never thought that this big roc would be so ferocious and eat so many Blood Killing Sect disciples at once. At this time, Zhao Hai's face also became very ugly, and he said solemnly: "Those disciples are dead, truly dead, completely dead. No matter how many lives they have, they will not be able to survive if they enter the belly of Dapeng. It is impossible for them to come back alive, that is to say, they are truly dead."

As soon as they heard what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others' expressions changed. They did not expect that Dapeng would be so ferocious and eat such a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect in one bite. And those members of the Blood Killing Sect The disciples are all dead. You must know that each of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has several lives, especially the life seeds, external incarnations, and energy array incarnations. These are almost equivalent to immortal bodies. existence, but now, they were all wiped out by the other party at once. The other party's ability was really too powerful.

Zhao Hai immediately said in a deep voice: "All Blood Killing Sect disciples are divided into three groups. One group forms the Fusion Dharma Form to protect the other two groups. The second group rests and is ready to take over from the first group at any time. The third group establishes a base. Hurry." After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai turned to Wen Wenhai's team and said: "Go back immediately, organize more people to enter the Garuda Realm, and establish a base as soon as possible."

Having said this, he turned to look at Ding Chunming and the others and said: "Chunming, they have also entered the Garuda Realm. If those big rocs appear at once and destroy them for me, I really don't believe it. Garuda's strength will be so strong, it will be stronger than the strongest masters here in the Asura world."

Wen Wenhai and Ding Chunming responded immediately, then turned around and walked out. They had to make arrangements as soon as possible so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could enter the Garuda Realm as soon as possible. The situation in Luojie was definitely unusual. As soon as they arrived there, they were given a warning. How could they not be careful?

Zhao Hai looked at the others and then said: "Everyone has seen the situation in the Garuda Realm. We must be careful. Everyone will go back immediately and must be prepared in the shortest possible time. All the teams sent over must be a complete fusion Dharma-Xiang team. They must be able to participate in the battle when they get there and have the ability to protect themselves. Otherwise, don't send them over. Do you understand?" Everyone responded with a roar, "No. Anyone have any opinions.