c7404 Spirit

Zhao Hai stood in front of the hall. His face was as calm as iron, but his eyes were as firm as steel. However, the elders of the Blood Killing Sect below were all boiling with excitement. They really did not expect that Zhao Hai would have With this thought, they also understood Zhao Hai's intention. Zhao Hai was right, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not have arrogance, but they must have pride.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone, and then said: "The proud and iron bones of our Blood Killing Sect are built to make our Blood Killing Sect's people, no matter what adversity they face, never change their waist. Don't lower your head. When I say bend over, I don't mean that you can't give in. Sometimes, we can give in, but we must keep our arrogance in our hearts, be straight-hearted and bend back. It’s what I call proud and iron-clad.”

Zhao Hai let out a long breath, and then continued: "At the beginning, the Blood Killing Sect was destroyed by the power of the upper world. As a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, I was not among the sect leaders and escaped. After knowing that something happened to the Blood Killing Sect, When I was a child, I did not immediately impulsively seek revenge against our enemies, because I knew that the most important thing at that time was to preserve the last bit of strength of the Blood Killing Sect and retain the fire of the Blood Killing Sect, so we At that time, we were anonymous, or even used the name of thieves to develop our own power and strengthen ourselves. This was a kind of bending down, but when we bent down, it was in order to stand up better, because the arrogance in our hearts was still there. Because we all believe that our Blood Killing Sect will one day become one of the top ten sects in the Blood Sea Realm, and even become the most powerful sect in the Blood River Realm, so we have been working hard, and finally we did it. We succeeded, and this is the pride that our Blood Killing Sect disciples should have."

"What I said about not bending down or bowing your head is to tell us disciples of the Blood Killing Sect not to accept their fate. Once you accept your fate, you have already lost. If you don't even think that you will succeed, then how can you Why do you think that others will think that you can succeed? We are monks, and we are fighting for our lives. If we did not have such courage, we would have lost long ago, so I want to make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect always have a feeling in their hearts. They are arrogant and proud. No matter what kind of environment they encounter in the future, they will not lose. Even if they are in desperate situations, they will want to move forward instead of giving up."

Having said this, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "You are the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect, and your attitude is very important, because in your eyes, you represent me and the Blood Killing Sect. Attitude, when we deal with the enemy, we can do whatever it takes, because this is war. We can use any means to deal with the enemy, whether it is poison or curse. As long as we can defeat the enemy, that is a good method. , but when we defeat the enemy, we must give the enemy corresponding respect, just like when I face the Asura clan, I can give the master of the Asura clan a relatively fair decisive battle. Why? Because I respect him, Of course, it is also because I know that he is not my opponent and I can kill him. You must remember that only the strong can give respect to others and give respect to the weak. And a weak person often dares to go Do not respect a strong person, because they need to rely on this to regain their poor self-esteem. They will not understand that when they do not respect a strong person, the strong person will often only smile slightly, because a person will not I really want to be angry with an ant. Once this ant really angers that person, that person can kill them at any time. What I want is for our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to have strong ones. The mentality is the arrogance of a strong man, do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand!" Everyone shouted in unison. Although Zhao Hai's words sounded a little contradictory, Wen Wenhai and the others understood what Zhao Hai meant. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can be arrogant, but this kind of arrogance, It’s not that you are proud to look down on others, but that you have to learn to respect others. You can allow others to provoke you, some unnecessary provocations, and you don’t have to care about them, but you cannot allow others to provoke people’s majesty. But if someone does this, his life must be taken. He must do it, no matter how far away he must be!

What is the mentality of the strong mentioned by Zhao Hai? That is to not be arrogant in victory and not discouraged in defeat, to survive in desperate situations, to know how to give in when at the top, to dare to strive for success in adversity, and to think about dangerous situations in good times. This is the mentality of a strong man, this is pride, this is what a monk is. Even a strong person among ordinary people should have the mentality.

Zhao Hai's words make people feel hot when they first hear them, but in the end you will understand that what you have to do is not to be hot-blooded, but to be calm, and to turn this boiling blood into arrogance. Become proud, become iron-clad, become your belief, become the criterion of your life.

Zhao Hai looked at them, nodded and said: "Okay, let's all go back. In the next period of time, our Blood Killing Sect will just practice and wait for Chunming and the others. When they come out of seclusion, we can think about it." As for attacking the next level interface, before that, we should focus on training, so go ahead." Everyone agreed in unison, then turned and left.

Zhao Hai knows very well how important spiritual power is to a person. If nothing else, take China on earth as an example. In ancient times, China split countless times and turned into small countries. , especially during the Warring States Period, it was divided into countless small countries. If the characteristics of the Europeans on the earth at that time were to be considered, then don’t even think about reunification. If they are divided, they will be divided. But China is different. The spirit is unified and the thoughts are unified, so after countless divisions, it can still be unified and still be a whole country.

The Blood Killing Sect has always been very unified, but Zhao Hai has always felt that the people of the Blood Killing Sect lack a kind of spiritual strength. This kind of spiritual strength is the most important for the disciples who have been killed by the Blood Killing. Yes, with this power, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will always feel that they are members of the Blood Killing Sect. In the end, no matter what kind of situation they encounter, the Blood Killing Sect will still be unified, or they will still be unified. will be complete.

In the final analysis, there are only two words that Zhao Hai wants to tell the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect: Heaven is moving vigorously, a gentleman should strive for self-improvement, the terrain is good, and a gentleman should be virtuous! This is the simplest truth that the ancient Chinese believed in most, and it is also the simple truth that the Chinese people have believed in since ancient times. Because of these two sentences, China has always been one of the most powerful countries in the world.

And Zhao Hai now wants to instill this kind of thought and spirit into the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can understand this truth. From then on, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will always be like gentlemen. You can strive for self-improvement, and you can also be virtuous. With this kind of mind and this kind of tolerance, the Blood Killing Sect will survive forever.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect quickly received the order from the sect. In the following period, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will stay in the sect to practice their own skills and will not attack the next interface. When to attack the next interface, we have to wait for notification from the sect.

At the same time, the words that Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai said were also spread. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also knew what Zhao Hai said. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also remembered it deeply. There are even some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who memorize those words every day and know them by heart.

Just two months after the Blood Killing Sect conquered the Asura Realm, the people of the Blood Killing Sect suddenly received the news that Ding Chunming and the others had left seclusion. This news was definitely good news for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , because they knew before that if they wanted to attack another interface, they had to wait until Ding Chunming and the others came out. Now that Ding Chunming and the others have come out, does that mean that they are ready to attack another interface? .

But at this time, Zhao Hai was in the main hall, gathering all the core elders. After everyone arrived, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "I called everyone here. For what reason, I think everyone should know. Chunming and the others have come out of seclusion. The first batch of masters we have trained by ourselves have come out of seclusion. Chunming, come and say hello to everyone."

Ding Chunming stood up. He bowed to everyone without saying a word, and then sat down. Regarding his performance, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not surprised at all, because they all knew that Ding Chunming himself is such a person. He usually only pays attention to training and does not care about other things, so his current behavior is very normal.

Zhao Hai looked at Ding Chunming and couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he turned to look at Ding Chunming and said: "Okay, Chunming has also met with everyone, so let's talk about the next arrangements. Next, Chang Jun, I am going to let you take a hundred people into the time acceleration area to practice for one year, is there no problem?"

When Chang Jun heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would let him go to the time acceleration area to rest. This good thing happened so suddenly, but Chang Jun immediately thought of another idea. At one point, he immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, there is no problem for me to enter the time acceleration area to rest, but the problem is, if I enter the time acceleration area, what will happen to the sect?"

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "I was about to talk about this matter. In fact, I am planning to improve the management method in the sect. In other words, in the future, the sect will carry out fully automated management. The management system will be combined with the optical brains of all disciples. What each disciple needs to do, what kind of tasks he takes on, and what kind of achievements he has will be recorded by the optical brain. In this way, there will be no problems. If there is a mistake, the managers in the sect will also become very relaxed."

Everyone was stunned when they heard what Zhao Hai said. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would say such a thing. They had never heard of fully automated management, but after hearing what Zhao Hai meant, It seemed to be very feasible, which made him don't know what to say for a while, because they didn't have any concept of fully automated management, so naturally they didn't know whether this kind of fully automated management was feasible.