c7406 law

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It's done. In their external incarnations, they have much more Buddha power than others, and their affinity for Buddha power is also higher than others. As for the laws of the Shadow Clan, However, there is a slight difference. We originally thought that their external incarnations would be more resistant to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Now we find that their external incarnations are indeed more resistant to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. It has increased a bit. At the same time, there is another ability for the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, which is absorption. They can absorb the power of the Shadow Clan's laws and then convert it into their own energy. This is counterproductive for them. That’s a good thing.”

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "Okay, this is great. By the way, when I mentioned the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, I remembered it, Brother Hai, Didn’t we learn a lot of law power before? We even made a lot of law crystals. Can’t we use those things now?”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smiled bitterly and shook his head: "It's not that it can't be used anymore, but the situation is different. Some are no longer useful, and some are unusable. We have learned a lot before. The power of laws, but the power of those laws are too shallow, just like a child. When he was young, he felt that he was very amazing if he could pick up something weighing twenty kilograms. But when they wait When they grow up, they realize that being able to lift something weighing twenty kilograms is nothing at all. Every step of growth can be done easily, but most of the power of laws we realized at that time cannot actually be done. It is considered the power of law, not even the surface of the power of law. It can only be said that it has touched the edge of the power of law. At that time, the power of this power of law was okay, but here, it is no longer possible, because The energy here is more solid than the energy at the interface. It's like putting a stone in a group of bread. You will feel that this stone is very hard, but when you put this stone on other stones, When you put it in the pile, you may find that the texture of this stone is not as good as other stones, so the power of the law we understood at that time is really not of much use to us, except for that Apart from a hint of the power of law, in terms of power, it is really not worth mentioning."

Laura and the others nodded unconsciously. Don't underestimate their ascension. Although every ascension seems to be nothing remarkable, the real situation is not like that. Every time they ascend, the laws of heaven and earth are changed. They will compress their power. Originally, they were considered the strongest masters in those interfaces, but after ascending, even if they do not immediately become the worst in this new interface, they are not much stronger.

Although the spiritual energy they practice has always been called spiritual energy or mana, its essence has changed. If the people who used to practice the power of law in Zhao Hai were brought to the interface they are now in, Come on, I'm afraid that person won't be able to practice, because the spirit-holding temperament here is too solid. He has not gone through several ascensions, and he simply can't adapt to the aura here. When they interface, the aura is like air. Same, then when they get to this interface, the spiritual energy here is like soil. They have no way to absorb it, so how can they practice it.

Zhao Hai continued: "As for the crystals of the power of law that we originally obtained from Kunpeng, those things are indeed good things. Although they are also called crystals of the power of law, those crystals of the power of law are the real laws. Crystals of power, those crystals are even higher than our level, and we still have no way to use them, because those crystals are too good to be absorbed by us now."

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help but frowned and said: "That's not right. Didn't we use that kind of law power crystal when we were in the lower realm? It worked at that time, why can't it be used now?" When they were in the lower realm, they had indeed used those law power crystals, but now Zhao Hai said that they could not absorb them, which made them very puzzled.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said: "Many of the law power crystals we used before were the law crystals we made ourselves at that time. As for the law power crystals obtained from Kunpeng, although we also used some of them, But in fact, everyone does not understand that we did not use those crystals. In fact, they were wasted by us. What we used was just the energy that overflowed from the crystals. We did not use the real energy of the crystals. Yes, it's like eating alone. What you eat is a stone. The outside of this stone is wrapped with a layer of bread. You think it is bread and you eat it in one bite. But except for the outer layer, you Apart from being able to digest it, you cannot digest the stones inside, which was the case with us before."

Having said this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but shook his head, and then sighed softly: "I have to say that practice is like learning. The more you know, the more ignorant you find yourself. This is our situation now. Yes, the more we know, the more we find that we seem to know less about the world of cultivation. Many of our previous ideas were wrong, and there is nothing we can do about it."

Laura said solemnly: "It doesn't matter. I believe that sooner or later, we will become extremely powerful. We will also understand what we didn't understand before. Brother Hai, you don't have to worry." Laura is really Not knowing what to say, she found that what Zhao Hai said was indeed right. Many things they knew before seemed wrong now. Take the understanding of the power of law as an example. What they understood before was too not enough.

The power of law that they understood before may be just some superficial aspects of the power of law. It is just a kind of compression and condensation of that energy. In fact, it cannot be regarded as the real power of law, and the real power of law, they have arrived. Now the horns are just some fur, just like Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai seemed to know a lot of laws in the past, such as piercing the laws and cutting off the laws. It seems to be right, but it is not right. .

On the contrary, what Zhao Hai understands now about the power of the laws of time and space is correct, but Zhao Hai's understanding is still shallow, and he now wants to use time and space in battle. The power of the laws of space is not very realistic, because his understanding of the power of the laws of time and space is too shallow, so if he wants to use the power of these two laws, he must try his best and prepare a lot. It takes a long time to send out one shot. In this time, he has been killed hundreds of times by the enemy, so now in the battle, he really has no way to use the power of these two laws.

Zhao Hai nodded. He really wasn't too worried about his future. As he said before, a gentleman should constantly strive for self-improvement. He just had to rely on himself to reach the top step by step. He just wanted to Want to see the scenery beyond the peak.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "It doesn't matter, Brother Hai, didn't you say that there are thousands of laws in the world, and all kinds of abilities can all become laws, then our Blood Killing Sect's Murderous intent can also become a kind of law, but now we are still far from understanding the power of the law. I think if we want to truly understand the power of the law, we must at least reach the interface where Kunpeng and the others came. Okay, Brother Hai, what do you think?"

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said: "I think so too, and I have an idea. I think the interface where Kunpeng and the others are located is very likely to have been controlled by the Shadow Clan. Even if it is not controlled by the Shadow Clan, Clan control has also been affected by the Shadow Clan. Otherwise, why would the people in that interface suddenly take action against divine beasts like the Fire Phoenix, Kunpeng, and Qinglong? This is unreasonable, what do you think?"

Laura was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: “Yes, we haven’t thought about that before, but now that I hear you say it, it is really possible. If that is the case, then it might be possible. It’s very troublesome. After all, the interface that Kunpeng and the others are on is different from the interface we are on now. There are many masters on their interface, and we really have no way to deal with those masters.”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "No matter what, we will meet those people sooner or later, because I found that the more we ascend to the upper interface, the number of interfaces seems to decrease. For example, when we are in the lower realm, we You can casually fight on dozens or even dozens of interfaces, but here, I'm afraid that won't happen again. If the interface where Kunpeng and the others are located is really very powerful, then we can directly The possibility of ascending to that interface will be greatly increased, and by that time, even if we don’t want to face it, we must face it.”

Laura nodded solemnly and said: "Then we still have to improve our strength as soon as possible. As long as our strength is enough, no matter which interface we go to, we don't have to worry about anything. We are all confident that we can defeat those Interface people must at least have the ability to protect themselves.”

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "Yes, you are right. Improving your own strength is the most important thing. As long as your strength is improved, we can go no matter where we are. No matter what kind of enemy we encounter, we will be able to go." Don't be afraid of him." Strength has always been the foundation of a monk. With strength, no matter what kind of difficulty you have, you can overcome it. Without strength, anyone can kill you, and there is no hope of immortality.

Laura nodded, and then said: "Brother Hai, aren't you ready? In three days, we will attack the new interface. Do you know what the new interface looks like? Now there are only three interfaces left. Based on the strength ranking of Tianlong Babu, what kind of ranking will the remaining three interfaces have?"

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said in a deep voice: "The Eight Tribes of Tianlong, as you can see from this name, the two strongest races should be the Heaven Tribe and the Dragon Tribe. After removing these two, there will only be one Well, that is Garuda, the Golden-winged Dapoc clan. If nothing else happens, the next interface we will face is the Golden-winged Dapoc clan."