c7400 scoundrel

This upgrade took a total of about twenty days. After twenty days, the Blood Killing Sect was ready to attack the Asura clan again. And for their action this time, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples still formed The number of battle teams, the fusion Dharma team that joined the Blood Killing Sect, has also increased greatly.

More than twenty days are enough for many fusion law teams that were not trained to complete the training. This is very important to them. This means that the high-end force of the Blood Killing Sect has been further strengthened. , the strength becomes even stronger.

And those disciples who got new external incarnations also discovered something, that is, they found that they could also use the new external incarnations when they were performing the blessing and fusion of their skills. This not only made their strength Become weaker, on the contrary, it will make their fusion form stronger.

At this time, in the Blood Killing Sect, a flying Dharma Fusion team finally appeared. The number of these teams ranged from 10,000 to 1,000 people. Among the 10,000 Dharma Fusion teams, most of them were cavalry squads. Lord, the squads composed of ordinary disciples are mostly squads of a thousand people. These squads have some characteristics, that is, they will no longer be affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, they can fly, and they can use magic circles. .

So this time during the Blood Killing Sect's attack, the Blood Killing Sect had already appeared such a flying Dharma Fusion squad, but the cavalry squad still did not appear. There were just squads of thousands of people flying forward in the sky. Their flight The speed is not very fast, just hovering in the sky above the ground army of the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as the Blood Killing Sect sent out such a lineup, the Asura clan was frightened. The Asura clan's ground troops ran away before engaging in the battle. However, the masters of the Asura clan were fighting against the Blood Killing Sect. After the battle between the fusion Dharma-Xiang teams, they were directly repulsed, and even a few were injured by the Divine Machine Dharma-Xiang team.

After those masters were forced to retreat, the strongest master of the Asura clan finally couldn't sit still. Just when he was about to attack the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared in the sky above the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai felt the direction from which the pressure was coming, and sneered: "What? Can't help it anymore? Are you ready to take action again? Come on, I've been waiting for you for a long time."

The old voice came out once and said: "Zhao Hai, don't force me. In the worst case, we will fight to the death. I really want to see if your Blood Killing Sect can bear such a loss." His The voice was very loud, and he sounded a little angry.

Zhao Hai snorted coldly and said: "A fish will die if the net is broken? Are you qualified? Even if you want to fight with us to kill the fish to the death, do you really dare to think about it? Let me tell you, your fish will die, but we will fight with blood. This network of Zong will definitely not be broken. If you want to take action, just come, we are waiting for you at any time."

"Okay, okay, okay, Zhao Hai, you are really ruthless and don't leave any room. Then today I really want to see how your net kills my fish. Take the move." Following the sound, a huge black sword came straight towards Zhao Hai, and a blood-red long sword came out from above Zhao Hai's head, but he also waved his hand and followed his move. As soon as he started, the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were still flying in the sky all fell to the ground. Then the Blood Killing Sect disciples on the ground disappeared in the blink of an eye.

This is exactly the method of retreat that the Blood Killing Sect came up with, because now those true disciples can already use the magic circle. In addition, they all have external incarnations that can turn into large teleportation arrays, so they don't have to use the same method as before. So troublesome, now they can just fall to the ground, and then create teleportation arrays around their bodies, and directly take away the Blood Killing Sect disciples there and bring them back to the Xuanwu space.

Just after all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect left, Zhao Hai's momentum exploded fiercely, and then the blood-red long sword slashed forward, hitting the huge black long sword that was already in front of him. Hearing a loud bang, the energy flowed out in all directions from the intersection of the two knives, and the war plants on the ground were destroyed at once.

Zhao Hai stood there without moving a hair on his body. He looked at the long black knife, then smiled slightly and said: "Is this all you have? What if you really only have these two?" Now, you can't kill me, you can only watch me destroy the Asura world bit by bit."

"Hmph, Zhao Hai, don't be complacent. When you cry, I really want to see if you can always let the people of the Blood Killing Sect hide like this. Let's see what you do in the future." After that, the old voice became silent and disappeared directly.

Zhao Hai waited in the sky for another hour or so, but did not see the master of the Asura clan make a move. He waved his hand and asked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to come out of the Xuanwu space, and then planted all the places that had been destroyed before. On the war plant, at the same time, we are also preparing to continue to expand.

But what Zhao Hai didn't expect was that after the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had just planted the war plants, before the team could expand, a black giant knife flew over from a distance, and Zhao Hai Seeing this situation, his expression couldn't help but change. Then he waved his hand and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately retreated. Fortunately, all those who came out this time were the true disciples. They could just use the teleportation array to leave.

Just as the true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect left, Zhao Hai also showed his blood-red long sword and faced it with the black long sword. After a loud noise, the war plants on the ground were destroyed again. , and after this attack, the other party didn't say anything and just stopped attacking.

As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai's face turned pale. Now he knew what the other party was planning. The other party was going to use this method to keep pestering him, just to make it impossible for Xue Sha to move forward. I have to say that his method is really vicious.

Zhao Hai glanced in the direction of the Asura clan, and then snorted coldly: "What? Do you want to use this shameless method to interfere with our attack plan? Then you are thinking wrong, you forgot , now that all the disciples of my Blood Killing Sect are no longer here, I can take action." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and rushed forward.

As soon as Zhao Hai moved, the Asura clan's momentum immediately increased and they rushed towards Zhao Hai. However, Zhao Hai didn't care so much and still rushed forward, pushing back the opponent's momentum. You must know that Zhao Hai uses murderous intent, and murderous intent is very domineering, so that he can push back the opponent's momentum.

Just like this, Zhao Hai flew forward for about five hundred miles. Then, without waiting for the opponent to make any move, Zhao Hai waved his hand forward fiercely, and a huge river of blood suddenly rushed out from behind him. He rushed forward and rushed out for about ten thousand miles. This blood river was very wide, with a width of tens of thousands of miles. At this time, it rushed out of a large open space. There was still some grass in the open space, and there were some ashes. This time, all the people from the Shura clan disappeared.

"You dare!" came the master of the Asura clan when he was extremely angry. Then he immediately slashed at Zhao Hai with a knife. Zhao Hai raised his knife to meet him. The two fought in the air for dozens of rounds, and finally they could only It was a tie. After the black knife disappeared, Zhao Hai looked in the direction of the Asura clan and snorted coldly: "If you dare not follow the rules, then don't blame me for not following the rules. I really want to see Look, who can't stand it first." After saying that, Zhao Hai returned to the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, and then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect appeared again and again, planting war plants on the ground, and this time The master of the Asura clan did not take action.

This battle can be said to have been full of twists and turns. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all understand that the next step to deal with the Asura clan is no longer for ordinary disciples like them, but for masters like Zhao Hai. Their level of competition has nothing to do with them anymore.

After the Zhan Zhi was planted, Zhao Hai did not let the Blood Killing Sect attack, but directly let them return to the Xuanwu Space, and he also returned to the Xuanwu Space. After he returned to the Xuanwu Space, Zhao Hai Hai immediately called all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "I think everyone has seen what happened today. The people of the Asura clan are completely shameless. They retreated today because They are not ready yet. If they are ready and can evacuate all the Asuras on the front line, then they will still use this method to deal with us. In this way, we will be dragged by them. This is absolutely not possible here. Is there any way that you can speak out and listen to it?"

Zhao Hai has not hosted such a war meeting for a long time, but the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect did not react at all. Instead, they all felt very cordial. However, when everyone heard Zhao Hai ask this question, they were surprised. Everyone had a headache, and everyone frowned. To be honest, the Asura clan's style of play was indeed very rogue, but I have to say that this method was very useful and could really drag them down. here.

When Wen Wenhai saw that no one spoke for a long time, he stood up first and said to Zhao Hai: "Boss, can I ask, how confident are you against the guys on the other side? What I said It’s all their masters joining together, not just the strongest master, but also other masters, all of them are included.”

Zhao Hai said solemnly: "Although we can't say we will win, at least we can remain undefeated. Even if all of them unite, they can't do anything to me. I'm still very confident about this." Zhao Hai is still very confident. After all, he is not using all his strength now, and he still has many methods that he has not used. If he really uses all his methods, it is not impossible to defeat the opponent, but Zhao Hai just didn't say it out loud. It wasn't that Zhao Hai didn't trust Wen Wenhai and the others, but it was a more modest statement.