c7402 fair

Zhao Hai stood in the sky, with countless Blood Killing Sect troops behind him. You must know that the number of true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is more than three billion, and with the core disciples of more than one billion, this number is very large. Yes, but this time Zhao Hai did not lead too many Blood Killing Sect disciples. He only brought one billion true disciples, but even these people were overwhelming, giving people a feeling that they could not see the end at a glance. .

Zhao Hai stood in the sky, looking into the depths of the Asura Realm, and suddenly said: "People of the Asura clan, listen, if you surrender now, I will spare your life. If you dare not to surrender, then don't." It's my fault for being rude." His voice was very calm, but it spread far away, and everyone in the Asura world heard his voice.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. They didn’t know why Zhao Hai said this. In their opinion, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to spare those Asura clan. The Asura clan was just being shadowed. It's just some demon-subduing pestles controlled by the power of the clan's laws. How could he let the Asura clan go? Then why did Zhao Hai say that?

Just when they were puzzled, they heard an old voice saying: "Let us surrender? Zhao Hai, stop dreaming, we will definitely kill you, we will definitely do it." This voice was very He was calm, but a trace of anger could be heard in his calm commenting tone.

When Zhao Hai heard this voice, his eyes couldn't help but light up, and then he smiled slightly and said: "Really? Then I really want to see how you destroyed my Blood Killing Sect. Now we attack first, I'm here." After saying this, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the true disciples following him immediately formed a series of exercises and blessings. Their skills and blessings were all rivers of blood, so one by one they were Rivers of blood appeared in the sky, as if the entire world had been submerged by these rivers of blood.

When he saw so many blood rivers appearing, Zhao Hai didn't say anything. With a thought, a blood river appeared on top of his head. This blood river seemed to be a living thing, constantly flowing on top of his head. hovering, and then other blood rivers began to slowly merge into this blood river. As the blood rivers joined one after another, this blood river became extremely huge, and finally this blood river became a In the vast sea, in this river of blood, there is an extremely huge mountain. This mountain seems to be made of human corpses. It is extremely huge, but there are countless cities on this mountain. There seem to be people in these cities who are constantly killing people.

Zhao Hai and the others had long since disappeared. No one saw them there. Everyone was attracted by the river of blood, the mountains, and the cities that were killing each other. No one was paying attention. Zhao Hai and the others were attacked, and at this moment, the sea water in the sea of ​​​​blood began to churn suddenly, and then the sea water surged forward.

The sea water kept rushing forward, as if it was an angry wave that was rushing towards the embankment. With an indomitable momentum, it rushed straight forward, so the enemies in front of them would all It will be washed away and torn apart by them, no one will be spared.

As the vast ocean continued to rush forward, the Asura clan finally reacted. The people of the Asura clan finally understood that the Blood Killing Sect was going to have a decisive battle with them. For the Blood Killing Sect, this What they did was completely unexpected. They thought that the people of the Blood Killing Sect would attack step by step as before. They did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would come up to fight them desperately this time.

"Zhao Hai, you shameless villain, how dare you make a sneak attack?" came the old voice. It was obvious that he was very angry, because Zhao Hai's action this time was completely beyond his expectation. He was completely He didn't expect that Zhao Hai would do this, so he was so angry.

But Zhao Hai didn't make a sound at all. On the contrary, he directed the blood river and rushed in the direction of the sound. Along the way, Zhao Hai saw countless people from the Asura clan, but There was no way those Asura clan members could block their way forward. As soon as they rushed over, all the Asura clan members were washed away and disappeared, leaving only a demon-subduing pestle.

They were not moving very fast, but nothing could stop them. At this moment, from the depths of the Asura world, ten extremely tall figures suddenly flew up. They were all about a thousand meters tall, but now they were all flying into the sky, and each one of them was looking at the sea of ​​blood with hatred on their faces.

Among these Asuras, one Asura looks to be the oldest. He is sitting there and is about a thousand meters tall. He only has one head, one pair of eyes, one hand, and no legs. It was Zhao Hai who was in the space before. When training the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the one-armed Asura finally appeared.

This Asura looked at the blood river of the Blood Killing Sect, his eyes full of hatred, and then he shouted loudly: "Zhao Hai, if you want to destroy our Asura clan, I will definitely make you pay the price. No one in the Asura clan is afraid of death, kill him." Following his voice, his body rushed forward, and at the same time, his only hand clenched into a fist, and then punched out.

I saw a huge fist, struck forward, and heard a loud bang. The fist hit directly on the blood river of the Blood Killer Sect, sending the sea water flying high, but the sea water soon calmed down. After falling down, I couldn't see it anymore, and the sea water still rushed forward.

The other masters of the Asura clan also rushed forward. They were like Don Quixote charging towards the windmill with their spears raised, or like a few small fish swimming upstream in the storm. They rushed straight towards the blood sea of ​​the Blood Killing Sect. They may have known that they would die, but they did not flinch. They still rushed forward.

Their speed was very fast. In the blink of an eye, they had rushed into the river of blood. They were like small stones. Although they were small, they still persisted in the sea of ​​blood, resisting the sea of ​​blood again and again. They shouted unyieldingly at the impact, and no one flinched.

But the sea is ruthless, and he will not be merciful just because of your performance, so the blood river is still moving forward, as if it doesn't care about these ten stones. Finally, an Asura clan The master couldn't hold on anymore and disappeared, leaving only a demon-subduing pestle, followed by the second, third...

As the masters of the Asura clan disappeared one by one, their resistance naturally became weaker and weaker. In the end, only the one-armed master of the Asura clan was left. He was still persisting, but his His face was extremely ugly. Finally, he let out a cry and said: "Zhao Hai, do you dare to come out and give me a fair fight!" This was his last struggle, and it could even be said to be his last request. He knew that he was finished, he knew that he would definitely die, but he was unwilling to give in. It can be said that this was also his last cry of unwillingness.

He never thought that Zhao Hai would respond, because thinking about it on the other hand, if he were in Zhao Hai's position, he would never give him a fair chance to fight, because the strength of both of them is not on the same line at all. Now that the Blood Killing Sect has won, why does Zhao Hai still have a fair fight with him? It's simply not possible.

But he obviously underestimated Zhao Hai. As soon as his voice fell, the blood river disappeared and turned into countless blood rivers. Zhao Hai was about a kilometer in front of him. Standing behind Zhao Hai were countless Blood Killing Sect disciples. Those Blood Killing Sect disciples slowly dispersed their rivers of blood. They just stood there quietly, watching quietly. Zhao Hai and him.

Zhao Hai looked at him and suddenly smiled and said: "You want a fair fight? Okay, I'll give you this chance. I know you are not convinced. Do you think that if you give me a fair fight, maybe you still have a chance?" , now I will give you this opportunity to see if you are capable of a fair fight with me, come on."

The master of Asura looked at Zhao Hai in disbelief. He actually knew very well that Zhao Hai had done nothing wrong. They were enemies. To deal with the enemy, of course, they must eliminate him as soon as possible, so he simply He never thought that Zhao Hai would give him a fair fight, but he never thought that Zhao Hai would actually give him a fair fight.

He looked at Zhao Hai in disbelief. After a while, the expression on his face calmed down. He looked at Zhao Hai and laughed suddenly: "Hahahaha, Zhao Hai, you are so awesome." I'm so naive. I'm so naive. I really doubt how someone like you became the leader of the Blood Killing Sect and how he led the Blood Killing Sect to conquer every interface. You actually gave it to me. Such an opportunity, hahahaha, it’s really funny, okay, okay, then I will give you a fair fight, and I want you to know that people like you are not worthy of becoming the leader of a sect.”

Obviously, he was dismissive of Zhao Hai's approach. In his opinion, it was his biggest mistake to give Zhao Hai a fair chance to fight when he had the absolute upper hand. Like this No one is worthy of becoming the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, because he is giving the enemy a chance to make a comeback in an absolutely impossible situation. Anyone who does this will not be a good leader.

Zhao Hai looked at the master of the Asura clan, smiled slightly and said: "Come on, why are you talking so much nonsense? What I do naturally has my own reasons. It is not your turn to say something about a defeated general. Four." Zhao Hai stood there with a nonchalant look on his face, as if he had already secured the victory.

The master of the Asura clan looked at Zhao Hai, and the smile on his face slowly disappeared. He sneered: "Okay, you are seeking death on your own, so you can't blame me. I will let you know today. My true strength, Zhao Hai, you have to pay the price for your arrogance today." After saying that, the master of the Asura clan gave a loud drink, and then spewed out countless drops from his mouth. Flames, and all these flames were concentrated on his only remaining hand, and then his hand suddenly waved forward...