c7405 Automated management

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and smiled slightly: "I know everyone is worried about whether this kind of automated management is feasible. In fact, our Blood Killing Sect has already had the conditions for automated management a long time ago, and we have Another form of automated management has also been implemented.”

At this point, Zhao Hai paused for a moment and then said: "Automated management is to leave all the management of disciples to the optical brain. Whatever this disciple has done and how much contribution this disciple has made, everything will be done by the optical brain." Record, and this optical brain is the main optical brain of the sect, and each of our disciples has a small optical brain. Just ensure that this small optical brain is connected with the main optical brain."

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone understood that they had indeed had the conditions for automated management for a long time. Now, regardless of whether they have been upgraded or not, almost every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has their own optical brain. , except for some dead warriors who joined later, as long as they become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, almost all of them have their own optical brain, and this optical brain is combined with their external incarnation, so as long as they become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Combine their optical brain with the main optical brain of the Blood Killing Sect, and there won't be any problems.

When Wen Wenhai and the others thought of this, they couldn't help but feel happy, because Wen Wenhai and the others discovered that if this was really the case, then it would be very convenient for them to manage them in the future. If anything happened, just tell Guang Nao directly, and Guang Nao would take care of it. The disciples below have been informed, and if anything happens to the disciples below, they can be solved directly through the optical brain. Normal matters can be solved according to the rules, and they don't need to take action personally at all.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and said with a smile: "Although automated management is very convenient, the management system in our sect is still necessary, but their main work in the future will not be It’s management, but supervision, supervising the automated management system to see if there will be any problems with the automated management system. After all, management is not entirely based on rules and regulations, and sometimes it requires some favors.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. They all knew that the management of the Blood Killing Sect had always been very humane, with the majority of them being disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If they followed the Blood Killing Sect's rules completely, , many disciples will be punished, so as Zhao Hai said, management needs rules, but at the same time it must be humane, otherwise it will hurt the hearts of many ordinary disciples.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "We are now shifting management to automated management. We will see what problems there are in automated management. If we find problems, we can make corrections. Therefore, our two sets of management systems are now needed. In the future, our manual management will gradually decrease."

Everyone responded. Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "Chang Jun, I will give you three days. In these three days, you will explain all the work in hand, and then you will lead people to enter. The time acceleration area is being practiced for one year. Others are also preparing for it. Three days later, when Chang Jun and the others go to practice, we will prepare to attack the next interface. We have already rested. Now that we have two friends, it’s time to make a move.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone responded. Zhao Hai waved his hands and everyone turned and left. After everyone left, Zhao Hai returned to his room. Laura and the others were waiting for him in the room. Seeing that he was back, Laura said: "Brother Hai, is it too early to use the optical brain for management now?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "It's getting late. We need to make them adapt to certain optical brain management. From now on when we go to Wanshan Realm, the main management will be handed over to the optical brain. After all, this optical brain is actually my biological brain. It’s like a clone of me is managing the sect and nothing will go wrong, so you can rest assured.”

When Laura heard what he said, she also nodded, and then Laura said: "Okay, Brother Hai, we will keep an eye on it for a while to see if anything goes wrong. As long as nothing goes wrong, then We can continue to carry out this kind of automated management, but Brother Hai, do we really want to attack the next interface in three days?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, after three days, we will attack the next interface. Now we have captured five interfaces, and there are three interfaces left. We can get out from here. Isn't this good? ? And in the past two months, our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been practicing the techniques to bless and fuse the Dharma. Now the power of their Kung Fu and the fusion of the Dharma is much greater than before. This is for us , but it’s a good thing. The most important thing is that Chunming and the others have just come out of seclusion and need to practice in actual combat, so I am preparing to attack the next interface.”

Laura and the others nodded, and Laura smiled and said: "It is indeed time for Chunming and the others to practice. Although they have only practiced in the time acceleration zone for a year, they are equivalent to the past. Ten years, that is to say, during those ten years, they were just practicing but not fighting anyone. In this way, they would appear and their strength would improve, but their operation would not be very smooth. This is not a very smooth situation for them. For them, it is very disadvantageous. You can attack the next interface to give them a good exercise, which will be good for them in the future."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I think so too, and the disciples in the sect have also been resting for two full months. It's time to attack the next interface. To be honest, after being here for a long time, it is indeed It’s very boring, because we know very well who our enemies are and just destroy them. Apart from fighting and upgrading, there seems to be nothing else to do, which is indeed a bit boring.”

Laura smiled and said: "This is actually a process of refining the mind. If it weren't for these interfaces, we wouldn't have discovered some of the problems in our Blood Killing Sect, let alone discovered that among our sect disciples, there are so many Many people have such weak mental qualities, which is actually a good thing for us."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "Now we have almost upgraded everything that should be upgraded, whether it is war plants or fantasy beasts, they have all been upgraded. We can almost leave here now, but these We must accept the space. The soil in these spaces is all pure land, but it is all incomplete pure land. I guess that when we take down all the interfaces, then those pure lands may eventually become Together they will become a complete piece of pure land. If this piece of pure land is collected into space, it will be very beneficial to the future development of our Blood Killing Sect."

Laura nodded, and then Meg suddenly said: "Brother Hai, what did you do with those demon-subduing pestles? Did you let those true disciples devour them?" What Meg said was revealed in the Blood Killing Sect. There, it also caused a sensation. The materials used in those demon-subduing pestles are very special. The most important thing is that those demon-subduing pestles not only have strong Buddhist power, but also because they were previously possessed by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. After being invaded for many years, it has become very resistant to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. It is a very rare material, and those demon-subduing pestles can also be swallowed by the life metal newly produced by the Blood Killing Sect. If you swallow the life metal of the Demon-Subduing Pestle, you will have the ability of the Demon-Subduing Pestle. Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect directly gave the Demon-Subduing Pestle to those true disciples and asked them to use their own incarnations to devour the Demon-Subduing Pestle. .

Of course, all Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect will also have a demon-subduing pestle, because these demon-subduing pestles are more useful to Buddhist disciples and will make those Buddhist disciples stronger and the power of Buddhism even greater. It is very powerful, so every Buddhist disciple must be equipped with one, even if his strength has not reached the level of a true disciple.

It was also because of this incident that Wen Yuming and the others suddenly realized that magic weapons are not good at being big and all-round. Like the incarnation outside the body, they can transform into any magic weapon. This change seems to be a good thing, but changing it to another one From a perspective, it is not necessarily a good thing, because this change will make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect more effortless and will not focus all their attention on a magic weapon. Their training is of no benefit.

This does not mean that it is a good thing for monks to practice one kind of magic weapon from beginning to end. Just like sword cultivator, not everyone can become a sword cultivator, but if their magic weapon can change its shape at any time, then some of them can. People who become sword cultivators have no way to become sword cultivators.

Where did the blessings from the exercises come from? It is because of focusing on one thing, focusing on one kind of skill, completely comprehending this skill, fully understanding the ability of this skill, and practicing this skill that the god can do it. Without the blessing of the technique, the changes in the magic weapon will make it more difficult for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to understand the blessing of the technique, because they will not put all their effort into practicing a technique, they will Practice countless techniques, and then when fighting, let your magic weapon change shape to adapt to different fighting environments.

There are advantages and disadvantages. This is the Blood Killing Sect's view on the weapons transformed from the external incarnation. Now that the Blood Killing Sect has realized this, it will naturally have to make some adjustments, and has even forcibly ordered some disciples , you must practice a certain skill to the point where it is blessed, and then you can continue to practice another skill. If you don't obey, there will be punishment.

The Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all practicing the most authentic Buddhist techniques. Everyone’s weapons have also been replaced by magic pestles. Of course, the number of Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is not very large. Only a small part of the Demon-Conquering Pestle was used, and most of the Demon-Conquering Pestle was distributed to the true disciples. Those true disciples did not need the scriptures and magic circles on the Demon-Conquering Pestle. What they needed was the Buddha's power and the anti-magic pestle on the Demon-Conquering Pestle. Resistance to the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so the Blood Killing Sect had previously distributed all the demon-subduing pestles to those true disciples, but not one to each disciple, but one to several disciples.