c7408 fighting

Zhao Hai stood on the outermost wall of a Blood Killing Battle Castle, looking at the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were busy outside, but his expression was not very good. To be honest, he was really a little worried about the situation here in the Garuda Realm. He thought that the situation here in Garuda would be the same as other places. The Golden-winged Dapeng was a big clan. There should be people in this big clan, including powerful masters. When they first came in, they only needed Just face those ordinary Golden-winged Dapeng clan members.

But what surprised him was that it was not like that here. There was no one here, only the Golden-winged Dapeng. They had been setting up a base here for three days. In these three days, they had been attacked six times. , the number of attacks they received was not many, and there was only one Golden-winged Dapeng attacking them each time. The number of Golden-winged Dapoc attacking them was not many, but what really surprised them was that these six The strength of the golden-winged roc.

The strength of these golden-winged rocs is really too powerful. They are so powerful that they simply ignore the protective shield arranged by the Blood Killing Sect. Even the Five Elements Killing Formation is completely ignored by the golden-winged rocs. In their eyes, they passed directly through the Five Elements Killing Formation and entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect. Then they opened their mouths and shot out a golden light. The power of this golden light was very huge. As long as they were covered by this golden light, If there is only ten breaths of time, even if a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is using the fusion method team to fight against this golden light, after ten breaths of time, he will still be swallowed into his belly, and as long as he is swallowed into his belly A disciple of the Blood Killing Sect will die immediately, no matter how many lives he has, he will die.

But fortunately, the golden-winged roc is not invincible. When they cover a place with golden light, as long as someone attacks him, he has to put away the golden light, so that the disciples who are attacked are safe, and It is precisely because of this that although the Blood Killing Sect lost some disciples in the past three days, the losses were not many. So far, the Blood Killing Sect has lost less than 50,000 disciples.

The base that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are building now is not a shield base or a five-element killing formation, because facts have proven that these two formations are useless. The base they are building now is actually War plant fortress, and this kind of war plant fortress is very useful against those big rocs.

This is not to say that these war plant fortresses are extremely powerful and can fight against those golden-winged rocs, but that these war plant fortresses will block the golden light of the golden-winged rocs when those rocs attack them. Let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the Zhan Zhi Fortress be safe. Although those war plants will eventually enter the mouth of the golden-winged roc, they can buy the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect ten breaths of time. These ten breaths Time is very important.

The Blood Killing Battle Fort has also encountered this situation, so the outside of the Blood Killing Battle Fort is also covered with a layer of war plants, mainly Tongtian Vine, in order to prevent the golden light of the Dapeng. The golden light of the Dapeng seems to be It can absorb anything, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have to guard against it.

It was precisely because the situation here in the Garuda Realm was completely beyond their expectations that Zhao Hai had to come here in person to take charge. The other interfaces all used human sea tactics to fight against them, but Garuda Realm Here, the tactics of elite soldiers are used. All here are masters. So far, the Blood Killing Sect has been attacked six times, but not even a single Dapeng has been killed. Not to mention killing, even killing. It is very difficult, which shows the strength of those Dapeng.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have already understood the fighting methods of those big rocs. There is nothing to say. There are only three points. The first is fast speed, the second is strong defense, and the third is strong attack power. Now they only have The golden light was displayed as an attack method, but Zhao Hai did not believe that they would have no other attack methods. They must have other attack methods. At least their sharp claws were not for display.

Faced with such a Dapeng, the Blood Killer Sect had to deal with it carefully, and Zhao Hai also had to take charge, because if they did not try their best against such an enemy, they would be the only ones who would suffer in the end. At the same time, those Dapeng also taught the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect a lesson. Even if you have several lives, it does not mean that you will not die. If the other party wants to kill you, they can still do it, and it seems like It's not difficult either.

Under such circumstances, how could Zhao Hai not come here to take charge? He knew very well that these great rocs that came to attack them must not be the strongest among the great rocs in the Garuda Realm. At least these rocs were not Golden ones, not even gold-winged ones. These rocs are all black, and their whole bodies are black. They look very scary.

Although I don’t know if all the Dapeng here are black, one thing is certain. These Dapeng are definitely not the strongest in the Garuda Realm, because no matter which interface appears at the beginning, It is absolutely impossible to be the strongest existence on this interface.

Now that the Blood Killing Sect's Zhizhi Fortress is about to be completed, the safety of the Blood Killing Sect's disciples can also be guaranteed. When ten breaths are needed, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples will be able to respond. When the time comes, they They can deal with those Dapeng. As long as they find a way to deal with those Dapeng, they can defeat those Dapeng.

This may be a shortcoming of those Dapeng. Although it has not been confirmed, Zhao Hai believes that it should not be wrong, because this situation will not happen in any law of heaven and earth. These Dapeng are powerful. If their number is still very large, then there will be no way for others to survive, so the number of Dapeng will not be too many. This is their shortcoming. If they want to deal with those Dapeng, they can only start from here.

While Zhao Hai was thinking about this, Wen Wenhai's voice came and said: "Boss, the Zhan Zhi Fortress has been laid out. What should we do next?" Because Zhao Hai is personally in charge here, Wen Wenhai came. Please ask Zhao Hai to see what Zhao Hai means. After all, Zhao Hai is the leader of the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "What is the opinion of your headquarters?" Zhao Hai still wanted to hear the opinions of Wen Wenhai and the others, because Wen Wenhai and the others' current command capabilities are already very good, and he must listen to Wen Wenhai and the others. Let’s see if Wen Wenhai’s opinions are any different from his.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "We and the staff agree to expand the Zhanzhi Fortress outward step by step. As the Zhanzhi Fortress is enlarged, we will advance step by step, and finally occupy the entire Jialuluo Realm. ." Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice, this was the result of their discussion with the staff.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Yes, let's do it this way." Zhao Hai still agreed with Wen Wenhai and the others' opinions. He knew very well that the Blood Killing Sect only needed to advance steadily in this way. Take it step by step, and as long as you don't make any mistakes, there won't be any problems.

Wen Wenhai responded, and then said: "Chunming and the others have fought against those golden-winged rocs twice, and found that those golden-winged rocs are very powerful, and their golden light has a certain imprisoning effect, but when it comes to them That kind of level can be escaped. In other words, as long as there is a chance, they can kill the Golden-winged Dapeng. The opportunity he mentioned is to gather the power of several people to stop the Golden-winged Dapeng. Then attack them, but there are not many opportunities like this."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "The combat power of the Golden-winged Dapeng is very powerful. The most important thing is their speed. Their speed is very fast. If they don't do it right, they will run away. Moreover, their combat power is also very powerful." It’s so strong, we have to be a little more careful.”

Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Okay, go down, just follow the plan you said. This place is completely different from the other interfaces we passed. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws here, It may be completely combined with those golden-winged rocs, which will be even more troublesome, and we must be careful."

Wen Wenhai responded once, then bowed to Zhao Hai, then turned and left. After Wen Wenhai left, Zhao Hai looked into the depths of the Garuda Realm, sighed softly and said: "Here comes another one. It's difficult to deal with, this guy feels, but it's much more difficult to deal with than that Asura." After saying that, Zhao Hai moved directly into the Blood Killing Battle Castle and disappeared.

Xuanwu Space did not come to Garuda Realm. It was not that he felt that Xuanwu Space was not the opponent of those Dapeng, but that he felt that there was no need for it, and there was no need for Xuanwu Space to take action directly. There was really no need for Xuanwu Space to reach Garuda Realm. Realm here, because although the strength here in Garuda Realm is strong, there is no need for Xuanwu Space to take action, otherwise the purpose of training disciples will not be achieved.

Just when Zhao Hai returned to the Blood Killing Battle Fort, he suddenly heard a loud eagle cry, and then a black spot came closer from far away, and in the blink of an eye, he had entered the Blood Killing Sect's base. As soon as this big roc entered the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, he couldn't help but be stunned for a moment when he looked at the big trees below. He did not immediately emit a red light, as if he was looking for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

But the trees here were so dense that he couldn't see any disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in these big trees. After searching for a long time, he couldn't find any disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This big roc couldn't help but get angry. , he opened his mouth and let out another eagle cry, then a golden light flashed and a golden light shot out from his mouth, covering a large area of ​​trees below.

Ten breaths later, all those trees disappeared, but a group of Blood Killing Sect disciples had gathered there. Those Blood Killing Sect disciples had already set up their fusion form, a river of blood, rushing towards the big roc. After passing by, the blood river was very fast and powerful. It was like a huge water arrow, shooting straight towards Dapeng.

As soon as the Dapeng saw the blood river, a look of ridicule flashed in his eyes. Then he flapped his wings and moved his body to pass the blood river. Then he turned his eyes and saw a golden light. He covered the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were attacking him. It seemed that he wanted to swallow all the Blood Killing Sect disciples.