c7410 retreat

Zhao Hai saw Shu Li and Cang Ming nodding, and then turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "Let's do it as we discussed before, but remember, we need to conduct a training for the cavalry team and all the fusion law team. They familiarize themselves with their own fighting methods, and then send them to deal with those big rocs. If they are allowed to go up without any training, it is equivalent to letting them die."

Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai turned to face the old man: "Arrogant Zhen, the staff must prepare a detailed battle plan, and then hand it over to me for approval." Elder Zhen responded, and their staff department is Those who did this had never thought of using the Rubik's Cube Formation to deal with those Dapeng. This was their dereliction of duty. Now Zhao Hai has pointed out the way for them. If they still can't make a satisfactory one, If they don't agree on the battle plan, then their staff can be disbanded.

Then Zhao Hai turned to Ding Chunming and said: "Chunming, you should fight more with those Dapeng these days and feel their bottom. Our expansion speed these days can be slowed down, at least half The disciples are training for the Rubik's Cube Formation, you must ensure their safety."

Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai then said: "Okay, let's go down and make arrangements. The expansion cannot stop these days, but the speed should not be too fast." Everyone responded, and then turned and left the hall. They had also Some were worried about how to deal with those Dapeng. After Zhao Hai said this, they already knew completely how to deal with those Dapeng, so a person's mental state was different.

Looking at their backs, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. He believed that even if he didn't remind him today, Wen Wenhai and the others would come up with this method sooner or later. But now that he can remind him, he will naturally remind him, Although he wanted to train Wen Wenhai's team members to be able to stand alone, he was not a stupid person. Why should Wen Wenhai and the others have to let Wen Wenhai and the others discover things that he could solve with just one sentence?

And Zhao Hai also discovered that he was afraid that he would have to retreat for a while, and the spiritual energy in his body could be upgraded again. In other words, the spiritual energy in his body could be transformed from the formation talisman into a spherical shape at once. It will take some time to upgrade the magic circle this time, so he has to make all arrangements for the Blood Killing Sect.

Now the Blood Killing Sect has begun to implement automated management, but some disciples in the Blood Killing Sect are still not used to it. Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect now implements two sets of management methods. One is the traditional management method. One is the automated management method, and it is slowly starting to be dominated by automated management. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are also slowly beginning to accept this management method, because this management method is really too convenient. It was easily accepted.

In this automated management method, disciples can get the benefits they want as soon as possible. For example, if you went to war today and made meritorious deeds, you got contribution points, but while you are practicing, you have If you want to ask the elders to solve some training problems, you could only ask the elders for help before, but it is different now. Now through this automated management method, you can directly resolve the issues you raised. Just enter it, and someone will help you solve it, and you can even choose an elder. For example, if you don’t want an ordinary elder to solve your problem, you can ask a steward elder who is willing to help you solve the problem, or even a branch church elder. Elder, if there is a projection of the core elder who has solved your problem before, you can also watch it directly, as long as you can afford the contribution points.

This method makes it more convenient for disciples to solve problems, and different elders have different understandings and solutions to problems. The problems solved by some core elders are much better than those of some ordinary elders. It is precisely Because of this, this kind of automated management shows its extremely powerful superiority.

Another advantage of automated management is that it records the contributions of disciples. Automated management and contribution records are absolutely infallible. After every battle, he will directly send them to you based on your performance in the battle. Your contribution points are not given to you until after the war, and after a period of statistics, as before. Now the way the contribution points are distributed is more intuitive, you can even directly see where you are. At that time, what kind of performance they made and how many contribution points they got were something they couldn't do before.

This kind of automated management is managed by Zhao Hai's biological brain. If Zhao Hai wants to retreat, he must make some arrangements in advance. Otherwise, if something goes wrong in the biological brain, then But all the previous efforts have been wasted, and there may be big trouble. This is also the first time that Zhao Hai has used this method to manage the Blood Killing Sect, so he naturally needs to be extra careful.

In fact, even if Zhao Hai doesn't make any arrangements, nothing will go wrong. Although his biological brain is part of his body, it is a relatively independent existence. After all, it is a biological brain, and the brain is very mysterious. Yes, but his biological brain is under his unified command, and it is impossible to betray him. But after he gives the order, the biological brain will complete it in the way that is most beneficial to him.

And Zhao Hai's retreat this time is also very important. Every time his strength increases now, it is an additional safety guarantee for the Blood Killing Sect, so he really needs to improve his strength now, not to mention In addition, even in the Asura world, if he is really strong enough, then he can definitely take care of all the masters in the Asura world, and then there won't be so much trouble.

But in fact, he does not have that ability. Even if he can take down all the masters in the Asura world, it will still take a long time, and it will even affect the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this, That's why Zhao Haicai had to keep dealing with the Asura clan, and finally with the help of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, he eliminated those Asuras.

But even after all those Asuras were eliminated, Zhao Hai still couldn't be happy, because he knew very well that if he was really upgrading according to the Tian Long Ba Bu, then the enemies he encountered would be One is stronger than the other, not to mention the Garuda he met now. The Garuda clan itself is very powerful. Above the Garuda clan, there are two races, one is the Dragon clan and the other is the Celestial clan. , each of these two races is stronger than the other. If his strength is not strong enough, they may not be able to get out of this world of Tian Long Ba Bu.

The reason why Zhao Hai had such a sense of crisis was because he felt a very powerful force in the Garuda Realm. This force was much stronger than the number one master in the Asura Realm. When he confronts this force, he will probably have to use all his strength. If by that time, there are other masters around this Garuda master, the situation will probably be even worse. If he fails to do so, the Blood Killing Sect will suffer. It is precisely because of this that he will be more anxious to improve his strength.

Just when Zhao Hai was improving his strength, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also began to train in batches. However, while they were training, their expansion did not stop. Wen Wenhai and Gu Yuanzheng commanded the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the sect continued to expand externally.

Fortunately, the Blood Killing Sect's current war plants no longer require land and can grow directly in the void. They only need spiritual energy for those war plants to grow. Therefore, the expansion of the Blood Killing Sect has always been based on war plants. Basically, they are expanding step by step. They don't dare to do what they did before, first drive the team over, occupy the territory, and then plant war plants. It may be okay in other interfaces, but here, it is Absolutely not, because once they do this, those big rocs will appear to attack them. Although there is only one big roc, the attack power of the big roc really scares them. To be honest, The Dapeng's attack power really made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel very fearful.

But Wen Wenhai and the others also know what's going on. They all know that the Dapeng here in the Garuda Realm are definitely not easy to mess with. They have to be careful. Their expansion speed is not very fast. It can even be said to be very slow. Most of their attention is focused on dealing with those big rocs.

Time passed like this day by day. After ten days, the territory of the Blood Killing Sect had expanded by about a thousand miles, a hundred miles a day. This is definitely a very slow expansion rate for the Blood Killing Sect. , but there is no way now. They can only expand at this speed because their training has not been completed yet.

On the eleventh day, the Blood Killing Sect continued to attack according to the previous situation. Wen Wenhai stood in the Blood Killing Sect's command hall and looked at the projection in the command hall. The expansion of the Blood Killing Sect has never been very fast. Now it is as if a forest in the sky has appeared in the sky here in Garuda. It is very mysterious and beautiful.

But Wen Wenhai also knows very well that no matter how mysterious and beautiful this wreath is, it is full of dangers, and they must be careful, because if they are not careful, they may be killed by those big people. Peng seized the opportunity and caused huge losses, which Wen Wenhai could not tolerate.

At this time, Zhu Yong, who was standing next to Wen Wenhai, said: "Old Wen, it's almost time. Those big rocs attack us at this time every day. If nothing else, it will be the same today." , we must prepare early.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Don't worry, I believe Lao Gu will be well prepared. Lao Ding, how are your preparations?" Wen Wenhai's last words were said to Ding Chunming who was standing aside. , Ding Chunming and the others can now be regarded as the high-end military force in the Blood Killing Sect, but Ding Chunming has always been very low-key, so he is still under the command of Wen Wenhai.

Ding Chunming didn't have any objections to this. He just obeyed Zhao Hai's orders, so when he heard what Wen Wenhai said, he immediately said: "We are ready, don't worry." nt

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.