c7413 flaw

In terms of speed, no one in the Blood Killing Sect can match the Golden Winged Dapeng. Even Zhao Hai may not be as fast as the Golden Winged Dapeng. Speed ​​belongs to their racial talent, even here. The golden-winged roc is not a real golden-winged roc, but its speed is much faster than that of a monk.

If you compete with the Golden-winged Dapeng in speed, you will only suffer a loss, so Wen Wenhai decided not to compete with the Golden-winged Dapeng in speed, but to make up for this disadvantage in other aspects, but now the Blood Killing Sect People have discovered that they can't stop the golden-winged roc with the shielding array or the five-element killing array, so they can only use another method, which is the teleportation array.

All the magic formations of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can be used here, so there will be no problem for them to use the teleportation array. They can use the teleportation array to teleport directly to the battlefield. The speed will be very fast, so the disadvantage is no longer a disadvantage. Yes, this is why Wen Wenhai came to Hu Wei.

Of course, if the Blood Killing Sect is still using the protective shield array or the Five Elements Killing Array, then there is no need to look for Hu Wei, because the array will directly have coordinates, and those coordinates can be used directly That's fine, but now because their protective array and the Five Elements Killing Array are useless, they have no coordinate instructions, so they can only rely on Hu Wei and the others. After all, their battle plants are now everywhere. In the entire territory of the Blood Killing Sect, nothing is more suitable as coordinate indicators than these war plants.

When Hu Wei heard what Wen Wenhai said, he was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "There is no problem, you just need to pay attention when planting war plants. Plant Supertrees at some important coordinate points. Fortresses are enough. When the time comes, we only need to use these Supertree fortresses as prohibition instructions and there will be no problem."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, then go and make arrangements immediately. After the arrangements are made, immediately send all the coordinates to me, go ahead." Hu Wei responded, then turned and left , Wen Wenhai looked at Hu Wei's back and let out a sigh of relief, this matter was finally resolved.

Wen Wenhai has no doubts about Hu Wei's ability. Hu Wei's ability is very powerful, and Hu Wei's husband Zhang Hongliang is even more powerful. Now he has entered the time acceleration zone to practice. So now everyone in the sect values ​​Hu Wei very much, and even he won't say anything.

Soon after Hu Wei left, Zhu Yong and Ding Chunming returned to the command hall. They both nodded to Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai knew from the look of the two of them that they were ready. He Then he breathed a sigh of relief. At this moment, there was a sound of footsteps, and Mr. Zhen walked in from outside.

When he saw Mr. Zhen, Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood what Mr. Zhen meant. He looked at Mr. Zhen and said, "Mr. Zhen, why are you here? But because of what happened before?" Wen Wenhai had almost guessed it. , why did Mr. Zhen come to him, that's why he asked like this.

Mr. Zhen nodded, and said with a heavy face: "This loss is due to the negligence of our staff. We did not think of this, so we caused such a big loss to the sect. Please forgive me." , I will ask for punishment when I see the sect master."

Hearing what Mr. Zhen said, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he turned to look at Zhu Yong and Ding Chunming, then sighed and said: "Mr. Zhen, you really can't be blamed for this matter. , no one knew that two golden-winged rocs would appear at once. All of us had always thought that they were alone. Now that two appeared at once, no one expected it, so this matter, I really can’t blame you, and you don’t have to say anything about whether to apologize or not. There’s really no need.”

However, Mr. Zhen shook his head and said: "No, this matter is really our fault. Our staff department formulated the battle plan, but we did not take this matter into consideration. This is our mistake. We will definitely do it in the future." We will consider it in more detail, please rest assured.”

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said in a deep voice: "We all share the responsibility for this matter. It is because we underestimated our opponents too much. What we have to do now is not to blame ourselves, but to think about how to avoid such a situation." The situation happened once. Mr. Zhen, we have made some arrangements here. I wonder if you have anything to add." After finishing speaking, he told Mr. Zhen about his previous arrangements. He wanted to hear what Zhen said. Old opinion.

After listening to Wen Wenhai's words, Mr. Zhen said in a deep voice: "This arrangement is actually very perfect, but I think we can actually think of a solution on the communication tree. The communication tree is actually a network, and it is connected to the Bell Flower , Dizhu and other things, I think we can’t give up on these combat plants now. These combat plants also have their role. They can become a network for our wind department. At the same time, when the enemy comes, he can also attack the enemy. Don't forget to attack. They use sonic attacks, which are large-scale attacks. Those two golden-winged rocs can block the blood river attack of our Blood Killing Sect disciples. For such a sonic attack, I'm afraid There’s no good way, right?”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, then he frowned and said: "But the power of this sound attack is actually not very strong. Can it really have such a big effect on the Golden-winged Dapeng? How powerful is the Golden-winged Dapeng? But a very powerful sonic attack like that really doesn’t have much effect in my opinion.”

The old man shook his head and said: "No, although the effect of the sonic attack is not very big, at that time, any small impact may eventually affect the battle situation. The sonic attack does not need to have a big effect. Even if he can affect one or two breaths of those golden-winged rocs, it will be of great help to us."

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and finally nodded and said: "Okay, let's do it like this. I'll have people prepare it right away. To be honest, I had forgotten about the sonic attack before. In fact, it's not just the wind chimes. Hua and Dizhu, even the radar on our Blood Killing Battle Fortress can carry out sound wave attacks. If we start to use sound waves to attack them when we first discover the Golden Winged Dapeng, it will affect their The forward speed will buy us more preparation time, what do you think?"

The elder of the formation nodded and said: "Yes, and I think we can also let the undead giant beasts participate in the battle. Elder Wen, don't forget that the undead giants actually carry a lot of Gangfeng trees on their bodies. , and if this causes the Gangfeng Tree, will it have an impact on those golden-winged rocs? I think the sect master is very right. Our Blood Killing Sect has a very rich heritage. We can definitely learn from what we have. If you search, you will definitely find something to defeat the enemy."

Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and said: "Yes, you are right. We ignored all these things before. Our war plants are not only capable of melee combat, but can also attack from a distance and use spells. Hahahaha, you guys Say, what will happen if the Golden-winged Dapeng is suddenly hit by a gravity spell when it wants to attack us? We don't expect these spells to be able to deal with them, but we can disgust them and make them uncomfortable."

Zhu Yong and Ding Chunming both had smiles on their faces, but Elder Zhen's face was a little solemn. He looked at Wen Wenhai and said: "Elder Wen, I was just about to tell you about this matter. You said, now we Here in the Garuda Realm, there is no way to fall to the ground. Could it be because the power of law here contains anti-gravity? What if one day suddenly, they suddenly turn anti-gravity into If it becomes gravity, what will happen to us?"

Wen Wenhai's laughter stopped suddenly, and a solemn expression immediately appeared on his face. He knew very well that this situation was not impossible. You must know that here in the Jialuo Tower Realm, although there is no feeling The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, but one thing is certain. The golden-winged roc here must be affected by the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. So, will the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan affect it? Where is the power of the basic laws here? If the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan can really affect the power of the basic laws here, will there be a situation like what Array Array said?

If a situation like what Mr. Zhen said really happens, it would be too dangerous. Think about it, if the aerial forest in the sky all falls to the ground due to gravity, the blood-killing battle fortress in the sky, Due to gravity, they all fell to the ground. All the Blood Killing Sect disciples in the sky also fell to the ground. What would that be like? It's scary to think about it. If they were really affected by gravity, they wouldn't simply fall, but fall directly, which would kill people.

Zhu Yong and Ding Chunming also had solemn expressions on their faces. Apparently they had thought of the same problem as Wen Wenhai. Looking at the expressions of the three people, Mr. Zhen said solemnly: "This situation may happen, so I hope you can think about it carefully, and we will come up with a solution as soon as possible."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, Mr. Zhen, you must come up with a solution as soon as possible. The situation you mentioned is really terrible. If this situation really occurs, our losses will be too great. , so we must be prepared and we must not give the enemy such an opportunity."

Mr. Zhen nodded, then he saluted to Wen Wenhai, then turned and left. When Mr. Zhen left, Zhu Yong looked at Wen Wenhai and said in a deep voice: "Old Wen, I think we need to think of something else. A little bit, that is the situation under the woods. Our woods are in mid-air. What if the enemy attacks us from under the woods? Will they catch us by surprise? If that is really the case, then what can we do? It’s dangerous.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "This is also a problem. It seems that our previous ideas were very immature. We must think about it carefully now, otherwise it will be dangerous." Wen Wenhai is indeed Thinking this way, after what Mr. Zhen and Zhu Yong said, he indeed discovered that their Zhan Zhi Fortress seemed to have many flaws. They had to find a way to remedy it immediately, otherwise it might be very dangerous. .