c7415 law

As soon as he saw that the big roc was injured and was fighting with the monks of the Blood Killing Sect, his eyes flashed with cold light, but at this moment, another river of blood rushed towards him. As soon as he saw That river of blood, a solemn look flashed in the eyes of this big roc, and then he flapped his wings hard, and the next moment he was out of the battle circle, directly to the injured roc, with both hands He grabbed the big roc with his claws, then flapped his wings hard, and the figure appeared thousands of miles away. Then, with two more movements of the figure, the two big rocs disappeared.

The speed of these two big rocs was really too fast. Although the Blood Killing Sect had made a lot of preparations, they still could not stop them. However, the Blood Killing Sect did not suffer any losses. Except for some war plants, other There was no loss at all, but in fact, what happened this time was also very dangerous. If the monks of the Blood Killing Sect and the undead beasts had not rushed over, then the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were covered by the golden light would be in danger.

After listening to the report from the front line, Wen Wenhai and the others also breathed a sigh of relief. At this time, Gu Yuanzheng also came to the command hall with some information. Wen Wenhai and the others were analyzing the battle situation of the two rocs. As soon as he saw Gu Yuanzheng coming, Wen Wenhai immediately waved to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Lao Gu, you came just in time. You have been fighting those big rocs on the front line. Let me tell you how you feel."

Gu Yuanzheng was not polite. He nodded directly and walked to the projection. What was shown in the projection was the previous battle between the two great rocs and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Gu Yuanzheng looked at the two great rocs. Then he said in a deep voice: "Just in time, I have brought here some things that I have summarized over the past few days, regarding the qualifications of those two Dapeng. Come, you guys come and take a look." After that, he took out two jade slips, They were given to Wen Wenhai and several others.

Wen Wenhai took the jade slip and put his mental energy into it. The content in the jade slip immediately appeared in his mind. After reading the content in the jade slip, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but his eyes lit up. Looking at Gu Yuanzheng, he said, "Old Gu, are all the things written here true?"

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said in a deep voice: "Of course it is true. The contents inside are all summarized these days. It has always been like this these days and there will be no mistakes. That's why I asked them to record it. Those big rocs will appear twice every day, once around Mao hour in the morning and once around You hour in the afternoon, that is to say, they will appear every six hours or so, very punctually."

Speaking of this, Gu Yuanzheng paused for a moment, and then said: "And they pass through our base every time, so I have always suspected that they actually have a certain flight route, and may be affected by the power of the law. They cannot be changed casually, so they will arrive at our base on time every day and pass through our base."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, don't forget, the interface we are on now was actually prepared by the great master of Buddhism to train the disciples of his sect, so it is inevitable that some of the things designed here will There will be some rigidity, and if that is the case, then the appearance of two big rocs now can be explained."

Everyone was stunned, and then Zhu Yong's eyes lit up and he said: "You mean, the reason why there are two Dapeng is because our expansion has reached a certain scale, so the second Dapeng appeared? "Zhu Yong is not an idiot. He is very clear about the meaning of Wen Wenhai's words. After going through so many interfaces, he has slowly figured out some of the characteristics of the interfaces here. Some of these interfaces are actually very rigid. , if their expansion had not touched some points of this interface, then the second Dapeng might not have appeared.

Although in the Asura world, those Asuras have always been very smart and would take the initiative to attack them. They don't seem to be so rigid, but don't forget one thing, that is, the masters of the Asura clan do not They attacked them with all their strength. Even except for the last battle with Zhao Hai, they never got too close to Zhao Hai. This may have been affected by the power of the law, and those ordinary Asuras were fighting against the Blood Killing Sect. At that time, they did not say that they would use all their strength as soon as they came up. Instead, they attacked them bit by bit like a refueling tactic. This actually illustrates the problem. Although those Asuras have activated their spiritual intelligence, they are afraid that The only Asuras who have truly developed spiritual wisdom are those who are masters of Asuras. Although they can make some changes in the basic laws of the Asura world, the changes are not very big.

As for the Garuda Realm, it is even more different. In the Asura Realm, although those Asuras are integrated with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws actually still affects the Asura Realm. The power of the basic laws is there, so the masters of the Asura clan can attack the Blood Killing Sect from a distance, and can even increase their own power to fight against and plot against the Blood Killing Sect's people.

But the Garuda Realm is different from the Asura Realm. Here you can't feel the power of the Shadow Clan's laws at all. On the contrary, you can feel the power of the Shadow Clan's laws on the bodies of those big rocs. , does that mean that the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan has been completely integrated into those Dapeng and controlled those Dapeng, but it is precisely because of this that he cannot change the situation in the Garuda Realm. Basic laws, so the Garuda Realm must operate according to the basic laws of the Garuda Realm, so this place seems so rigid.

Of course, these are all just guesses now. No one can say clearly whether this will really be the case. However, Zhu Yong and the others feel that their guesses should be correct, which means that they may find I have learned the rules of the appearance of those big rocs.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "Now we are almost certain that those big rocs will appear at a fixed time and their flight routes are almost fixed. When the second big roc appears, we will expand a thousand miles." , that is to say, when our base was built, the first roc appeared, and after expanding a thousand miles, the second roc appeared. So does that mean that when we expand a thousand miles, there will be What about the third roc? This one can be tested, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng continued: "Those big rocs are very fast. They can reach thousands of miles away with just one beat of their wings. However, I monitored those big rocs and later found out that they can reach thousands of miles away with just one beat of their wings." They can fly thousands of miles by shooting. It is not teleportation, and it has nothing to do with the laws of space. It is really just because they are fast. Their speed is too fast, but for us, this is actually a problem. Good thing, if they really use teleportation, it's really not easy for us to deal with them, but if they are just fast, it will be much easier to deal with them. "

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, they are fast, but the faster they go, the more difficult it is to turn. As long as we can lay out a few large nets on their route, it will definitely be possible." Stop them, as long as we can stop them, then we can deal with them, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Yes, but we have to wait until our disciples are trained. Now our Rubik's Cube Formation also needs a certain amount of time to train. Otherwise, it is absolutely impossible to be those guys." The claws of those big rocs are not that easy to deal with, and the golden light in their mouths. To be honest, no one can tell clearly what that golden light is, but the power of that golden light is really amazing. People get a lot of headaches.”

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said in a deep voice: "Actually, our attack this time has been very good, and I think it might be better to use the divine machine to deal with these big rocs, because the divine machine There are many changes in the mechanics and phases, you can attack, defend, advance or retreat, it’s very good.”

Gu Yuanzheng also nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "Actually, I also discovered this, and I thought of another problem, which is a problem that our Blood Killing Sect has always had. We are all moving forward and have never looked back. This is a good thing and will allow us to make progress in the Blood Killing Sect. But sometimes, we progress too fast and we develop something. Before we have fully studied and understood this kind of thing, and before we have fully exerted its power, we started to move forward again. Let’s not talk about anything else, let’s just talk about our external incarnation. We originally His external incarnation has not been fully understood, and his power has not been fully developed. Now it has been upgraded. Every time we upgrade, we need a certain amount of learning time. This will of course make our Blood Killing Sect’s weapons always more powerful. To achieve a very high standard, but maybe this will also cause us to throw away a lot of things that originally have great value, which is really a pity.”

"That's right. Our Blood Killing Sect does have this problem." A voice suddenly came, and everyone was stunned. Then they turned around and found that it was Zhao Hai who spoke. Everyone hurriedly saluted Zhao Hai. He also smiled at everyone, then turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "The expedition is good, I have already thought of this problem, not bad, hahaha, it seems that you have indeed made great progress in this period of time, very good, very good OK."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled sheepishly at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai turned to look at the other people and said in a deep voice: "Actually, I have also discovered this problem. This problem has existed for a long time. In fact, this matter, In the final analysis, it is still my fault. I laid this foundation in the beginning, so you are doing this now, but now we must make some changes, otherwise we may lose a lot of good things without realizing it. "

Wen Wenhai and the others all agreed. They also knew that this problem did exist in the Blood Killing Sect. Now that Zhao Hai said that he wanted to correct it, they would just correct it. However, there were too many things that the Blood Killing Sect had researched, and It is true that some things are outdated and have little value, so it is really not easy to find something of value.