c7414 To meet

Two golden-winged rocs were flying rapidly in the air. Their speed was very fast, and their target was very clear, which was the forest in the distance, the forest growing in the air. In addition to being very fast, the Golden-winged Dapeng clan also has very good eyesight. You must know that the eyes of raptors like Peng are very powerful. If their eyesight is not good, they will not It is possible to find prey on the ground, so the eyesight of the golden-winged roc is also very good, even much better than that of ordinary raptors.

For these two golden-winged rocs, everything in the woods is their prey, whether it is the trees or the people in the woods, they are all their faults. In the trees there, They all contain a lot of spiritual energy. After they inhale it into their stomachs, they can directly digest the spiritual energy. As for the monks, they are even better prey for them. Not only is the spiritual energy abundant, but the taste is also very good. .

Yesterday, their attack went very smoothly. Although the monks resisted, they were still sucked in a lot. However, because they were affected by the basic laws of space, they could only attack the woods twice a day at most, and Only the two of them can attack. Although this makes them feel a little unwilling, they have no way to resist. It is precisely because of this that they attach great importance to every hunt.

That's right, from the perspective of the Golden-winged Dapeng, every time they attack, they are hunting. Everything in the woods is their prey, but these prey will resist, but they don't care. What matters is how to eat the prey.

Just as the Golden-winged Dapeng was still flying forward, the two Golden-winged Dapocs suddenly felt a very harsh sound coming into their ears. The sound came very suddenly and was too loud. It was too harsh and unpleasant to hear. The two golden-winged rocs were not aware of it for a moment, their bodies swayed and they almost fell down.

They managed to stabilize their bodies, but the harsh sound kept coming, which made the two golden-winged rocs feel extremely uncomfortable. They kept making cries, but it was of no use. The harsh sound still kept coming, which made the two golden-winged rocs extremely ugly.

But this also made the two golden-winged rocs feel that the harsh sound came from the direction of the woods. This discovery made the two golden-winged rocs furious. As they watched, Come on, this must be the sound made by the prey. Although this sound will not hurt them, it will make them feel upset. They decided to give those prey a lesson they will never forget, so they couldn't help but speed up. speed.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng was standing on a radar ship. He looked at the projection on the radar ship and said with cold eyes: "Coming soon, coming soon. I really didn't expect that this sonic attack would actually hit these golden wings." Dapeng is very useful. Okay, great. Let the undead behemoth clan be prepared. Notify Elder Ding and ask his people to be prepared. As soon as they find the attack location of the two golden-winged Dapeng, they will attack immediately. Send them a letter and go ahead.”

A staff officer recorded all his orders and immediately went to deliver them. However, Gu Yuanzheng's eyes never left the projection. He was still paying attention to the two golden-winged rocs. According to the movement, the two golden-winged rocs are about to arrive at the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. Based on the experience of the ancient expedition, the two golden-winged rocs will never take action as soon as they enter the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. Yes, if they want to take action, they will only take action after entering the Blood Killing Sect's territory, in the middle or at the back, because after doing so, they can leave the Blood Killing Sect's territory faster, they He would not turn around and return from the original route, but would pass through the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. This was the case for so many attacks in one day, and he believed it would be the same this time.

Just when he was thinking about this, he saw that the two golden-winged rocs had entered the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "Everyone, please pay attention. As soon as he launches an attack, the Necromancer will be notified immediately." People from the giant beast clan and Elder Ding." The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order.

Gu Yuanzheng's eyes were still fixed on the projection. The speed of the two golden-winged rocs had slowed down. This was the prelude to their attack. Everyone's hearts picked up. Finally, the two golden-winged rocs One of the golden-winged rocs suddenly opened its mouth, and a golden light shot out from his mouth, directly covering a forest of the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng saw the two golden-winged rocs stopped, he immediately shouted: "Quick, let's do it." The staff officer nodded, and immediately turned around and waved to the people in the hall. Several people immediately told several elders under Ding Chunming and the undead giant beast clan the coordinates of the two golden-winged rocs.

At this time, the blood-killing sect's war plant fortress was also flashing with light. Two huge golden-winged rocs were standing on top of the blood-slaying sect's war-planted fortress. A golden-winged roc emitted golden light from its mouth, covering it. He moved to a place nearly a thousand miles away from Fang Yuan, while another golden-winged roc was protecting him from the side, blocking the attacks of all Blood Killing Sect disciples.

At this moment, several figures suddenly flew out of the woods. These figures rushed towards the two golden-winged rocs. Among them, there were several tall figures with long green hair all over their bodies. The bodies are very huge, but through the long green hair, it can be seen that there is no flesh and blood on these giant beasts, and they are all skeletons.

I saw these giant skeleton beasts, when they were far away from the golden-winged rocs, they opened their mouths and shot a blast of wind directly towards the two golden-winged rocs. Among the two golden-winged rocs, the protector's face couldn't help but change when he saw this situation. Then he immediately moved his body and blocked the other golden-sounding roc. Then he He also opened his mouth, and a golden light covered those few strong winds. Hearing a hiss, those few strong winds all disappeared, and the golden light also disappeared.

But at this moment, several monks nearby had already flown to the side of the golden-winged roc. Two monks rushed directly towards the golden-winged roc, while the other few people Like the golden-winged roc with golden light emitting from its mouth, it rushed over.

The golden-winged roc that protected the law immediately rushed towards the two men, then flapped its wings, stretched out two giant claws, and grabbed the two monks. His body was huge, and his claws were also very large. It's huge, and this grab is even more powerful, making people feel frightened.

But the two monks were not confused at all. Two long knives suddenly appeared in their hands, and then they slashed straight at the claws of the golden-winged roc. The knife had not yet reached the golden-winged roc. On the Dapeng's claws, a sharp sound of breaking through the air has reached the ears of the Golden-winged Dapeng. At the same time, he also felt a very strong sharp energy on his claws, which made the Golden-winged Dapeng A dignified figure appeared in his eyes. He flapped his wings and moved his body to get past the two knives. At the same time, he turned around, and his wings were like two huge swords, heading straight towards the two bloody swords. The monk who killed the clan killed him.

A river of blood appeared on the two monks of the Blood Killing Sect almost at the same time. Then two rivers of blood hit his wings, and a bang was heard. There was a crash. Phew~! With a sharp cry, the roc that was hit by the blood river was sent flying backwards. At the same time, pieces of feathers fell from the air. Their feathers were very huge and looked very amazing.

In this attack just now, the roc suffered a big loss. He only saw the two blood rivers, but he didn't see that there were actually black pieces of wood in the blood rivers. These were the pieces of wood just now. He gave the roc a severe blow, causing the roc to feel immense pain.

At this time, several other monks also fought with the big roc that spit out red light from its mouth and had just broken the blood-killing sect's war plant. The eating of the big roc was severely interrupted. This big roc was very angry, and he screamed, and then rushed straight towards the monks of the Blood Killing Sect.

But before he could rush in front of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, several strong winds came towards him. The roc was startled, and then it flapped its wings fiercely, and flew high in an instant. He let go of those few strong winds, but just when he stopped, several rivers of blood rushed towards him.

A look of anger flashed in the eyes of this big roc. He had never thought that those prey would actually force him back, which made him very angry. He flapped his wings, stretched out his claws, and headed straight towards the roc. When those blood rivers were grabbed, a loud bang was heard, and a blood river was knocked apart.

But although the blood river was knocked apart, the big roc was also directly hit and flew backwards. At the same time, a sharp cry came from the mouth of the big roc. From this cry It could be heard that he was in great pain. He thought that these rivers of blood were the same as the rivers of blood he had dealt with before, but they did not know that these rivers of blood were the same as the rivers of blood they had dealt with before. But it's completely different.

The rivers of blood they had dealt with before were all emitted by the Fusion Dharma Form Team. Although they were very powerful, they were still not solid enough. After all, the Dharma Forms of multiple people were fused together. If they wanted to achieve complete fusion, it would be difficult. It is not an easy task, so they can break up the blood river.

But this time, the blood river was created by the masters of the Blood Killing Sect. The power of these blood rivers is very powerful and very solid, because this blood river was created by one person, and their own strength is It was very powerful, so Xue He's attack power was naturally even more powerful. Although he also defeated Xue He, the repulsive force also made his claws hurt.

At this time, he also heard the screaming sound from another big roc, and there was a hint of pain in the sound. He turned around and saw a long golden arrow, shooting After entering the body of the big roc, although the big roc passed its vital points, it was still shot and couldn't help but let out a painful scream.