c7416 Avenue

After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai turned to look at several people and said: "What were you just talking about? Why did you talk about this matter? How was the fighting situation in the past two days?" Zhao Hai came here just after leaving customs, so He really didn't know what they were talking about before. He mainly wanted to know how the fighting was going in the recent period. He was really afraid of something going wrong.

Wen Wenhai immediately told Zhao Hai what they had just said, including how they wanted to use a big net to deal with the big rocs. After hearing this, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice : "The big net needs to be prepared, but as you said, we must also study the things we have done before. Just like Shenji Dharma, everyone knows Shenji's set of exercises. It can be said that It is all-encompassing, and I have always felt that all the skills in the world can be included in the divine machine, which also includes the eight bloody battle postures. That is to say, the eight bloody combat postures can be integrated into the divine machine and become A part of the Divine Machine Dharma, if this is really the case, then the power of the Divine Machine Dharma will be even greater."

When Zhao Hai said this, Wen Wenhai and the others were all stunned, and then they couldn't help but fell into deep thought. The people here were all high-level officials of the Blood Killing Sect, and they also knew some things that ordinary disciples didn't know. You know, take the Shenji set of exercises as an example. In the eyes of ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, this set of exercises may be a very ordinary set of exercises, but Wen Wenhai and the others are very clear about this. The set of exercises can be said to be all-encompassing and powerful, so they understand Zhao Hai's words more deeply.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "Although the Shenji technique is very powerful, it has different abilities in the hands of different people, because it can be said to be the same set of skills. Tiger Balm's skills can be used anywhere, but they may not be the best anywhere. I think the difference between this set of skills and the top skills is actually a kind of momentum, divine power. Ji’s set of exercises is very good, but this set of exercises doesn’t seem to have any momentum.”

Wen Wenhai and the others thought about it for a moment, and it seemed that it was really like this. When he used the Eight Styles of Bloody Fighting, he was filled with murderous intent. People with less strength would have their minds taken away before they even fought, let alone with them. It is almost impossible for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to start a war. Such is the momentum.

But Shenji's set of skills does not have such momentum. He can produce countless changes and countless forms, but he does not have momentum. Compared with the blood-killing fighting style, there is a gap. Even if it is you There are too many changes, and the enemy can kill you if he overpowers you. The higher the strength of a monk, the less he will ignore the importance of momentum.

Zhao Hai continued: "So Shenji's set of exercises still has shortcomings, so I plan to divide Shenji's set of exercises into several types in the future and let different disciples practice them. This will be better. Just like disciples who directly participate in the battle, you can let them practice the eight bloody battle styles, and then integrate the momentum of the eight bloody battle styles into the divine machine. At that time, the divine machine technique will have its own momentum. , then the power will naturally be greater."

"For example, like Lao Wen, they have been doing research in the sect. Their main research is magic formations, and the exercises that are most suitable for them are also about the magic formations, just like spiritual skills. The previous skills of the Formation Sect were very suitable for them. Lao Wen learned that kind of skills, and he integrated that kind of skills into the divine machine. When he studied the magic circle, he would make his own skills Isn't it great that the Fa is progressing? This way they won't miss out on research and practice, which is a good thing."

"There are also Hu Wei and the others. They are plant masters. Their main purpose is to study plants. If they can integrate their own skills into the divine machine, then they should be able to do it like Lao Wen. They can make progress, so that their research will not only not become a drag on their practice, but will instead become a driving force for their progress."

"For a long time, there are many disciples in our sect, and they may not understand why I created so many halls in the sect, and why I have to divide the disciples in such detail. Some disciples even They haven’t participated in a battle for many years, and in their opinion, if it weren’t for me taking them, those disciples might not even be able to ascend, or even have the slightest chance of ascending.”

"What they said is actually not wrong, but that was before, before there was a set of exercises called Shenji. With the set of exercises called Shenji, those disciples who specialize in research would not only have the opportunity to ascend, but even The speed of ascension may be faster than that of traditional training disciples. We often say that there are three thousand avenues, three thousand avenues. These three thousand avenues refer not only to the training techniques. In my opinion, various professions should It’s the Three Thousand Avenues.”

"Everyone has different talents, different talents, and different practices. All monks understand this. But in addition to talents, everyone's hobbies are also different. Some monks are They don't like to fight and kill, they just like to study weapon refining, magic formations, or other things. In the past, these people were regarded as not doing their job properly, because if a monk didn't practice or fight, he wouldn't have any ascension. opportunities, but I just want to change this situation. I have been missing an important thing before, which is how to solve their training problem, but now Shenji has solved this problem, so I can finally say it boldly , every disciple can practice according to his own ideas, so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can practice according to their own ideas, and all of them can practice successfully. This has always been a dream of mine, I hope One day I can realize it." At the end of the sentence, Zhao Hai looked a little excited.

In fact, Zhao Hai does think so. From the day he started training, he has always felt that fighting is not the whole of training, and training is not just for fighting. Everyone can practice, and everyone can practice. Talents are also different, and hobbies are also different. If their training cannot be designed according to their talents and hobbies, then they will not be able to achieve much. And a person's talent and hobbies often determine It's directly linked.

If you are very talented at something, then it will be very easy for you to succeed in doing it. If you succeed, you will have a sense of satisfaction, and this sense of satisfaction will make you continue to do it. You will have motivation, and this thing will naturally become your hobby.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai attaches great importance to this matter. In his opinion, people from any profession can actually become monks, but people only care about those monks who can fight. For other professions, people only care about those monks who can fight. The monks are not very big. Some of them don't even have special training skills, so they have to learn the skills that other monks also learn, and they have to follow the path that other monks take. This is actually destroying them.

This is not the case in the Blood Killing Sect. There are many techniques in the Blood Killing Sect, and there are all kinds of techniques. Now in the Blood Killing Sect, there are also various professions. In addition to Lingzhi Hall, In the Spiritual Beast Hall, Shenji Hall, and the logistics department, there are some disciples who are engaged in very strange professions, such as spiritual meal researcher, which is a profession that is absolutely impossible to appear in other sects, but There is such a profession in the Blood Killing Sect.

What is a spiritual meal researcher? To put it bluntly, he is like those nutritionists on the earth. They specialize in research on how to match the spiritual meals of Blood Killing Sect disciples to make it easier to replenish their spiritual energy. What kind of spiritual meals can make their spiritual energy more replenished? Injuries recover faster, these are all things to pay attention to.

Now there are professional spiritual meal researchers in the Blood Killing Sect, and they are doing very well. This is unimaginable in other sects. In other sects, there may be no such thing as spiritual meals at all. , monks usually only take some elixirs and will not eat. In the end, even the elixirs are not taken. Dining with wind and drinking dew is what those monks pursue.

But Zhao Hai will not do this. He has always felt that monk training should not be so hard. People are creatures that like to enjoy themselves, so training should also be a process of enjoyment. If it is really so If practice is boring and boring, then what’s the point of practice? Even if you get immortality, so what? If you can't eat, drink, be with the people you like, or even have feelings, then why are you still practicing? Just die. Once you die, you don't have to do anything. It's exactly the same as that state.

That's why Zhao Hai designed so many departments in the Blood Killing Sect to let the disciples do what they like to do. Of course, this does not mean that those disciples have no fighting ability. In fact, they have fighting ability, and they have fighting ability. They are also very strong, because when they do what they like to do, they are practicing, so their strength is definitely not weak.

The Blood Killing Sect is developing so well now. In fact, it has a lot to do with Zhao Hai's initial occupational division. The reason why there are so many new things in the Blood Killing Sect is because there are people from various professions. , with them here, there will be so many new things after the bloody battle.

Wen Wenhai and the others listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly, with extremely excited expressions. To be honest, before they met Zhao Hai, they had never thought that training could be like this, so They fully understood what Zhao Hai meant, and they also wanted to help Zhao Hai fulfill his dream.

Zhao Hai took two deep breaths and then calmed down. He turned to look at Wen Wenhai and the others, and said in a deep voice: "Wen Hai, you guys are all the top leaders of our Blood Killing Sect. You should also know that our Blood Killing Sect is now You should also know that our Blood Killing Sect is able to reach today thanks to the silent efforts of people from various departments. The ones who steal the most limelight are those combatants, but every victory they win is due to the efforts of other departments. The result of your silent support from behind, so I hope you can do the same as me and work together to build the Blood Killing Sect better, so that every professional disciple of our Blood Killing Sect can soar by relying on their own abilities. Everyone can embark on their own path to immortality!"