c7417 ready

Wen Wenhai and the others said loudly at the same time: "Yes, Sect Master, we will definitely follow the Sect Master so that all my disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can walk on their own path to immortality!" Wen Wenhai and the others' voices were not very loud, but their tone was strong. , but there is an unprecedented sense of determination.

Zhao Hai looked at their appearance and couldn't help laughing and said: "Yes, hahahaha, this is our goal, so whether it is Asura, or this Garuda, whether it is people from the Wanshan Realm, or the Shadow Clan With the power of the law, nothing can stop us, and we will definitely be able to embark on our own path to immortality."

Wen Wenhai and the others responded in unison, and Zhao Hai continued: "I'll leave it to you here. There is also a master here in the Garuda Realm. His strength is much stronger than those masters in the Asura Realm. I have to pay attention. They, so the command of the battle will be left to you. Chunming, you must cooperate fully, but you must also pay attention to ensure the safety of you people. You will be the mainstay of our Blood Killing Sect in the future. You must not There is no loss, and the sect cannot always rely on you, they must have the ability to fight against any danger alone, this is the most important thing."

Wen Wenhai and Ding Chunming both responded. Zhao Hai then turned to look at the others, and then said: "You are the same, you must cooperate fully. The enemies we face this time are not simple. Their strength is They are very powerful. Any one of them can destroy our fusion team in a short time. Such strength is really strong, so you must be extra careful. The interfaces we have experienced before, the enemies They are all playing the human sea tactic, but here, the enemy is playing the elite soldier route, so we must let all the disciples learn how to survive under such an expert attack. This is the best way. important."

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai then said: "Don't regard other enemies as the enemies you are encountering now. The enemy may become stronger and stronger, and may also have more and more abilities. So when fighting them, make all preparations in all aspects in order to cope with various emergencies. Mr. Zhen, I will leave this matter to you."

Mr. Zhen responded. He knew very well what their general staff did, so it was the same now. He knew that this was what their general staff did, which was to deal with all the problems that might be encountered in the battle before the battle. , all considered, this is what they must do, so they also attach great importance to this matter.

Zhao Hai then nodded and said: "Okay, then you all go do your thing. Leave the strongest enemy to me. He is not something you can handle now." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and He had disappeared from the hall, and everyone was used to his way of leaving.

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai turned to look at everyone and said, "I think everyone already knows what we said before, so I won't say anything more. Mr. Zhen, you make a battle plan. To make this plan, I am going to quickly expand a thousand miles to see if there will be a third Dapeng. This will make it easier for us to grasp the rules. You can take care of the rest. .”

The leader of the formation responded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Okay, let's do that. Everyone go back and prepare. Don't stop expanding a hundred miles a day. After the leader of the formation has made his battle plan, we will press His plan is here, let’s go.” Everyone responded, then turned and left.

The old man did not let Wen Wenhai wait too long. Early the next morning, he had already handed over the new battle plan to Wen Wenhai. After reading the new battle plan, Wen Wenhai was very happy. Satisfied, this battle plan not only describes how to attack five thousand miles in the shortest time, but also how to use those battle plants to arrange the magic circle, and various preparations to deal with unexpected situations. Very detailed.

After reading this battle plan, Wen Wenhai was very satisfied with the work of the boss and the others. At the same time, he also admired Zhao Hai even more. The staff of the boss and the team was initially proposed by Zhao Hai. To be honest, None of them thought that these people could do so well. Now their battle plans are all made by the staff department, and they can be said to be very perfect.

Wen Wenhai sent the battle plan to others and asked them to take a look and see if there was anything that needed improvement. If not, they would take over the battle plan and fight according to it. However, he believed that it was in vain for him to ask. Others would not have any opinions. They had not raised any questions about the previous battle plan of the staff, let alone this battle plan. They were even less interested. What will be the problem.

It is indeed as Wen Wenhai thought. Everyone else had no objections and directly approved the battle plan. Then everything would be simple. If we proceed according to this plan today, it will definitely be too late. We can wait until tomorrow. As soon as we think of this, Wen Wenhai immediately writes to Gu Yuanzheng and the others, asking them to get ready. Tomorrow, we must fully follow this plan. We must advance it in the shortest possible time. A thousand miles will do.

After repelling the two attacks of the two great rocs, the Blood Killing Sect also began to make preparations. They planned to repulse the first attack of the great rocs tomorrow morning or evening, and then start to expand with all their strength. They are ready to expand a thousand miles within five hours, and then see how many rocs will attack them at night.

Many people in the Blood Killing Sect did not go to rest that night. Wen Wenhai called Gu Yuanzheng and the others to the command hall and kept discussing the details of tomorrow's operation, although they already had a very detailed battle plan. , but they still have to discuss some action details to avoid mistakes.

Just like that, the night passed. Early the next morning, Gu Yuanzheng returned to the front line early. When the two big rocs arrived on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, the Blood Killing Sect was still the same as before, still far away from them. When they were about ten thousand miles away, they started to attack them. It was still a sonic attack. But now the sonic attack is not very effective against the Dapeng. Those Dapeng have also learned to be smart, and they have done it early. Be prepared, the impact of sonic attacks on them is almost non-existent.

However, the Blood Killing Sect never stopped attacking them. At this time, the war plants also played their role, especially those Babel vines, which were very powerful, like iron whips. Swing out to attack the Dapeng. It is not easy for the two Dapeng to pass through the Blood Killing Sect's territory. Moreover, the two Dapeng no longer dare to pass through the Blood Killing Sect's territory. After staying, they no longer dared to hunt on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, Gu Yuanzheng also discovered a characteristic of those great rocs, that is, the recovery speed of those great rocs is very fast. Last time, one of the two great rocs was killed by a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. The people who were injured by the Cloud-Piercing Arrow were taken away by another roc, but they didn't expect that when they came back at night, they had fully recovered. The injured roc didn't show any injuries at all. When he came out, his injuries had completely recovered. From this point, it can be seen that their injuries recovered very quickly.

However, after that time, the two big rocs no longer dared to stay on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. Every time they passed by the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, they were very careful and used He passed through the Blood Killing Sect's territory at the fastest speed and did not dare to attack the Blood Killing Sect's territory.

After the two big rocs disappeared, Wen Wenhai said directly to Gu Yuanzheng: "Old Gu, take action." Gu Yuanzheng responded, and then directly issued the order to take action. The Blood Killing Sect disciples all appeared on the edge of the Blood Killing Sect Zhanzhi Fortress, and then began to expand crazily.

This time, their expansion speed was very fast. Pieces of war plants suddenly appeared in the air. Many of these war plants this time were magic war plants. These war plants were designed to deal with those big rocs. Yes, their goal this time is to expand a thousand miles at once and see what kind of reaction those big rocs will have.

An expansion of a thousand miles is really nothing to the Blood Killing Sect. They only need about two hours to expand a thousand miles, and this expansion of a thousand miles has been planned in advance. , there are regulations on where and what kind of war plants should be planted, so the speed is very fast.

This is what the Blood Killing Sect has only recently developed. They not only want to plant war plants on all the Blood Killing Sect's territory, but also have these war plants form a magic circle on the Blood Killing Sect's territory. Even if these war plants cannot form a magic circle, their roots must be entwined together below to form a magic circle, so as to provide more protection for the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai and the others were worried before, what if the enemy attacked them from below their base? It is precisely because of this idea that they made such a change, which is to make their base impregnable and there must be no loopholes for the enemy to take advantage of.

Although the expansion was completed in two hours, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not relax. They wanted to improve the base and also make some changes to the previously built base because they had previously built a war plant fortress. At that time, communication trees were not planted everywhere in the Zhan Zhi Fortress. There was no magic circle under the initial Zhan Zhi Fortress. Now they want to change this situation.

Fortunately, their current external avatars have all been upgraded. How to make changes to the war plant fortress, which kind of war plant to plant, and where to plant it have all been sent to the light brains of their external avatars. They only need to follow the instructions. Just do it, so the speed is very fast. They strive to have everything ready within five hours, and then wait for Dapeng's attack.