c7418 four

Five hours is actually very short for a monk. If it were really counted, it would only be ten hours. What can you do with ten hours? For many people, it may be just time to sleep, but for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, they have established a base, and their base is very huge.

When they finished building the base, it was not even five hours. Wen Wenhai immediately asked some of the disciples to retreat directly to the Blood Killing Battle Castle to rest, and asked other disciples to wait there for the arrival of Dapeng. , now that they are attacking here, they no longer need all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to participate in the battle. There is no need at all.

Now the Xuanwu Island of the Blood Killing Sect has not entered the Garuda Realm, but still stays in the Asura Realm, because for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, the Xuanwu Space is their last home, and they must ensure that the Xuanwu Space Although Xuanwu Space's combat power is very powerful, they still don't want to risk Xuanwu Space.

Now when they go to war, they usually focus on the Blood Killing Battle Fort, because there is a radar on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. With the Blood Killing Battle Fort there, they can command the entire Blood Killing Sect from the Blood Killing Battle Fort. After fighting, and adding those Supertree fortresses, it was enough for them to use in a new interface.

If they encounter any problems in the new interface, it doesn't matter. The worst they can do is retreat to Xuanwu Space. As long as the safety of Xuanwu Space is ensured, then they will have a chance to make a comeback. It is precisely because of this Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect now uses the Blood Killing Battle Fortress in external battles, and even the Xuanwu Space is rarely deployed.

In fact, now the Blood Killing Sect actually does not need to use the Blood Killing Battle Fort. They can completely build the Sky Tree Fortress or the Sky Vine Fortress. With the cooperation of the undead behemoths, they can form their own command system. However, the Blood Killing Sect can form its own command system. There are more people in the Killing Battle Fort, and there are more magic formations, so they have been using blood to kill the Battle Fort.

Wen Wenhai is actually in a Blood Killing Battle Fort now. This Blood Killing Battle Fort has become the flagship of the Blood Killing Sect's external wars. And now Wen Wenhai is standing in the command hall of this Blood Killing Battle Fort. Looking at the projection in front of him, he said without looking back: "How long until those big rocs appear every day?"

A staff officer standing next to him said in a deep voice: "There is still about half an hour left. Although the appearance time of those big rocs is fixed every day, it is only within a certain range and is not too precise. So We can’t calculate the figures that are too precise, but it should be quick.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he glanced at the projection, with a smile on his face, and turned to Zhu Yong and said: "Old Zhu, how many times do you think the Dapeng will come this time? Two? Three? Four? "Obviously, he is not worried about the large number of Dapeng coming. On the contrary, he is worried that the Dapeng coming is different from what he thought.

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "I guess there are at least three, and it may be four. More is unlikely. Now our base is actually a long one. We have not developed our base to be wider." , so the number of Dapeng we encounter now is at most four."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "There are a lot of four Dapeng, but I really want to see what kind of reaction they will have if we really use the gravity array to deal with them. Since Entering the Garuda Realm, we haven’t even killed a single Dapeng until now, what a pity.”

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile. It was indeed the case. Since they entered the Garuda Realm, they had indeed never killed a single roc. The speed of those rocs was so fast that they couldn't even defeat them. , it is also possible to escape. It is very difficult for the disciples who killed the sect to kill them.

At this time, Hu Changfeng, who was standing aside, said: "Our new Rubik's Cube Formation will be ready for training in a while. By then, I believe we will be able to deal with those Dapeng. To be honest, the speed of those Dapeng, It's really a headache." Hu Changfeng has been managing the fusion method training of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Later, they discovered that using the Rubik's Cube Array to deal with those big rocs might be more useful, and they also began to train new disciples. How to use the Rubik's Cube Formation, and this training was also given to Hu Changfeng, so Hu Changfeng has the most say in this matter.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, after they are trained, we must give those Dapeng a good look. I really want to see what will be left behind when those Dapeng die this time." Before When they killed Yaksha and Asura, they left something in their bodies, so Wen Wenhai wanted to see what was left in the body of Dapeng.

Zhu Yong and Hu Changfeng all laughed when they heard what Wen Wenhai said. Then Hu Changfeng said with a smile: "I hope that the things left behind this time can be helpful to the alien clan. Now the sect leader wants to give them to the alien clan." The upgrade is mainly to improve their spiritual intelligence. If the things left in Dapeng's body are really useful to the alien family, that would be great, and the sect master will save a lot of trouble."

Wen Wenhai also smiled and nodded. Of course he knew what Zhao Hai was thinking now. The Alien Clan can be said to be a very important source of troops in the Blood Killing Sect, and the Alien Clan's combat effectiveness has always been very strong, but they Upgrading has always been a problem, especially in the Tian Long Ba Bu interface, their upgrade has become a bit difficult, because almost all the creatures in the Tian Long Ba Bu disaster interface are phantoms. If you want to rely on these creatures , it is very difficult to upgrade the alien family.

The reason for upgrading in the Yaksha Realm is because the Yakshas in the Yaksha Realm left behind the Yaksha Teeth in their bodies, which have some characteristics of the Yaksha Clan, so the alien tribe upgraded to the Yaksha Clan, but those Yaksha teeth Spiritual intelligence doesn't seem to be very high, so the alien race doesn't have much spiritual intelligence. Only when the strength reaches a certain level can spiritual intelligence be turned on, or only when one dies in battle can spiritual intelligence be turned on. That's it. Personally speaking, the alien clan is not as good as the undead clan.

It is precisely because of this that the strength of the Alien clan is now somewhat unable to keep up with the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect. Although their combat effectiveness is not bad, they have no way to practice without spiritual intelligence, except for using it as a weapon. Apart from being a dead soldier, it has almost no use, which is actually a waste.

However, the combat power of the Alien Behemoth Clan is really good, and it is very useful in many aspects. However, except for the Alien Behemoth Clan, the combat power of other Alien Clan is really not that good, so Here in the Garuda Realm, the alien clan simply did not participate in the war.

While a few people were chatting and laughing, time had passed. Suddenly, a warning sound came from the hall. Wen Wenhai and the others immediately stopped talking and laughing. Everyone's attention was transferred to the projection in the hall, and then they saw the projection. Four small dots appeared on it, and these four small dots were rapidly approaching the Zhan Zhi Fortress of the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as he saw the four little dots, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile. He said solemnly: "Okay, four big rocs. It seems that we guessed right. A thousand miles is a dividing line. Every time we pass A thousand miles away, the enemy will increase the number of Dapeng once. This may be stipulated by the basic laws here. However, it is not yet certain whether the increased number will double. Judging from the current situation, it is very unlikely. It could be double.”

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Yes, there was one the first time, and two this time. If four appear in the next thousand miles, then you can be sure that every thousand miles, there will be another one." Double once, if we really calculate it like this, then the number of Dapeng here in Garuda Realm is definitely quite a lot."

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. Although this kind of doubling seems inconspicuous, when you turn to the end, you will find a number that will make you stunned. So what Zhu Yong said is absolutely not wrong at all. It was precisely because they thought of this that Wen Wenhai and the others looked solemn.

A few Dapeng are easy to deal with, but if there are too many, it will be difficult to deal with. These Dapeng are all very powerful. They must not be careful. If millions of Dapeng suddenly appear, If so, it would be enough for them. When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai said: "It seems that we have to be more careful and prepare in advance. Those Dapeng are so strong. There is only one way for us to deal with them. Then It’s the magic circle. Except in the Asura world, in any other interface, our Blood Killing Sect’s magic circle is our strongest point, and we absolutely cannot give up on this."

Baiyan said in a deep voice: "Yes, the magic circle is the strongest point of our Blood Killing Sect. Although the sect leader has always emphasized that we should pay attention to the cultivation of personal strength, this is mainly to prevent us from relying too much on the magic circle and It’s not that we can’t use the magic circle when facing such a powerful enemy. The sect master doesn’t want us to be so rigid in confronting the enemy. If we really do this, the sect master won’t be happy.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, watching him look at the four Xiaodian who had arrived at the Blood Killing Sect Zhanzhi Fortress, and said in a deep voice: "Anyway, the enemies are here now, so let's take care of these four first. I just packed it up, I really want to see if the things they left behind can really be useful to the alien family."

Several people did not speak, but looked at the projection calmly. They were in the center of the Zhan Zhi Fortress, and their Blood Killing War Fortress was still shrinking. Even if the Dapeng attacked them, they would not be able to do anything good. Worrying, it would be okay if they don't attack them. If those big rocs really attack them, it will be too easy for them to deal with those big rocs.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect outside had already fought against the four great rocs, allowing them to keep flying around in their base, but they failed to keep those great rocs. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already very angry. This time they had made complete preparations and naturally wanted to try to keep the four big rocs.