c7411 two

At this moment, a staff officer's voice was heard: "Here we come." His voice reminded Wen Wenhai and the others, and Wen Wenhai and the others all focused their attention on the projection. As expected, it turned out that I found that on the projection, two small dots appeared in the distant sky. These two small dots were getting bigger and bigger, and their speed was very fast.

This projection of the Blood Killing Sect is all within the range of radar reconnaissance. There is no power of law to suppress those radars here, so the radar’s reconnaissance range is about 10,000 miles away. In other words, those big rocs are 10,000 miles away. , will appear on the Blood Killing Sect's radar.

And the speed of those big rocs is also very fast, ten thousand miles, for them, it may not take five breaths to reach the battlefield of the Blood Killing Sect, so every time the big roc appears, the Blood Killing Sect will People are very careful, but this time Wen Wenhai and the others were even more surprised.

"Two?" came an exclamation, it was Zhu Yong. In the past, they saw only one dot on the projection, but this time there were two. What does that mean? That meant that there were two golden-winged rocs coming this time. It was precisely because of this that Zhu Yong was so surprised.

Wen Wenhai's expression changed, and he immediately said loudly: "Lao Gu, pay attention. There are two golden-winged rocs coming this time. Two, you must pay attention." Just as he was speaking, The two golden-winged rocs were almost on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, which showed how fast they were.

Wen Wenhai stared at the two little dots, but at the same time he said: "Old Ding, it's up to you, stop them and don't let them kill too many disciples of our Blood Killing Sect." Wen Wenhai didn't say anything. He must stop the two golden-winged rocs, and he did not say that he must protect all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He knew that it was almost impossible. The speed of those golden-winged rocs was too fast. They If they want to keep this golden-winged roc, even if Ding Chunming and the others take action personally, it is impossible.

Ding Chunming responded, and then immediately gave the order. He had many subordinates, and he did not need to take action personally. After all, there were only two golden-winged rocs. It was not that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could not cope with it, but it was just that The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not expect that there would only be two golden-winged rocs appearing this time, so it was normal to be a little panicked.

Just as Ding Chunming ordered to enter, two golden-winged rocs had already flown over the Blood Killing Sect Zhanzhi Fortress. The speed of the two golden-winged rocs slowed down, and then one of them opened its mouth. , a golden light shot out from his mouth, covering a forest, while the other one just guarded the golden-winged roc and did not open its mouth to attack.

Just when the first golden-winged roc attacked the forest, two blood rivers flew up from the side of the forest and attacked the golden-winged roc. They were obviously other Blood Killing Sect disciples. The team attacked, intending to save the Blood Killing Sect disciples who were in the woods where they were being attacked.

But just as the two blood rivers were flying up, they saw the guarding golden-winged roc. He flapped his wings fiercely, and then saw his claws defeat the blood river on the left. Then his With another flap of his wings, his figure instantly appeared on the right, and with another claw, he dispersed the river of blood on the right.

At this time, the forest shrouded in golden light had disappeared, revealing the Blood Killing Sect disciples inside. However, the Blood Killing Sect disciples inside did not panic. A river of blood flew above their heads, directly It was protecting them above their heads, but the blood river was now covered by golden light.

One breath, two breaths, three breaths..., both the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and the two golden-winged giants knew that in just ten breaths, those Blood-killing Sect disciples who were covered by the golden light would be killed by the golden-winged giants. The Peng was sucked into the belly. As long as the Golden-winged Dapeng was sucked into the belly, those Blood Killing Sect disciples would not be able to survive.

Of course the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew what was going on. They immediately prepared to rescue the group of Blood Killing Sect disciples. They released the blood river and rushed towards the two golden-winged rocs. They also understood now, This time, there was not one golden-winged roc, but two. They had to attack two golden-winged rocs at the same time, so that they could relieve the danger of the small group of Blood Killing Sect disciples.

But the other guard, the golden-winged roc, was very powerful. His speed was too fast. Although several Blood Killing Sect disciples attacked him with blood rivers at the same time, his figure flashed and erratic. The ghosts and demons neutralized the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples one by one, making those attacks no longer a threat to the other Golden Winged Roc.

Seeing that the time of ten breaths was coming, the group of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were probably able to escape the poisonous hands. At this moment, a long roar came from the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. This roar was still You need to approach the battlefield quickly, so that everyone on the battlefield will be shocked.

The two golden-winged rocs were also shaken, but the golden-winged roc spitting out golden light from its mouth did not stop because of this. He still opened his mouth, and the golden light in his mouth still covered the group of blood. The disciples of the Killing Sect, at this moment, the blood river above the heads of the group of Blood Killing Sect disciples suddenly disappeared. Then the group of Blood Killing Sect disciples began to shrink, and finally entered the golden-winged roc. In his mouth, he disappeared.

After succeeding, the golden-winged roc raised its head to the sky and let out an eagle chirp. There was joy in the sound, and even a hint of ridicule. Then the two golden-winged rocs flapped their wings, then flapped their wings, and their body shape changed. They flashed and disappeared in an instant. As soon as they appeared, they were already thousands of miles away. After two flashes, they had already left the territory of the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, a monk wearing the uniform of the Blood Killing Sect appeared in the woods, but his face was extremely ugly. He glanced at the empty woods, and then turned around again. Taking a look at the direction in which the two golden-winged rocs were heading away, I couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then said: "Return to the original state, we will avenge this sooner or later." After saying that, he disappeared directly into the woods, and then the woods fluctuated. , and then the place returned to its original appearance. That area was once again covered with woods.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng had arrived at the command hall. Wen Wenhai and the others' faces were a little ugly, and Gu Yuanzheng's face was even more ugly. As soon as he arrived at the command hall, he saluted Wen Wenhai and the others and said, "Elder Wen, I'm sorry, this matter is my fault. I didn't expect that the enemy would send out two golden-winged rocs at once. It was my reaction that was not fast enough, which caused such losses. I will ask the sect leader for punishment. .”

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and said, "It's not your fault. No one expected that two golden-winged rocs would suddenly appear this time. Not only did you not expect it, but all of us did not expect that the enemy would suddenly appear this time. A golden-winged roc caught us off guard. A golden-winged roc is easier to deal with. When they lock a position with golden light, we can still disturb him and make him give up the attack, but when there are two , but it’s really not easy to deal with. One locks on us, but the other can help him block the attack, so that they can attack us calmly. This is the fundamental reason for our failure.”

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng said angrily: "Next time, as long as they dare to show up, I will make sure they look good." Gu Yuanzheng is the frontline commander, but this time the enemy allowed him to be killed under their noses. How could he not be angry when an entire team was killed? You know, the Blood Killing Sect disciples who died here would be dead forever and would never have a chance to be resurrected. How could he not be angry?

Wen Wenhai didn't say anything, but turned to look at Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming said solemnly: "I will arrange it. In the future, all our elders who have participated in the special training will be dispersed everywhere to prevent the enemy from attacking. Next time the enemy comes, we will attack directly and entangle one of them, and the remaining one will be easy to deal with."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, let's do it like this. Calculate the distance. From attack to success, without being disturbed, when they have twenty breaths, twenty breaths, they must ensure that there will be elders at twenty breaths. If you arrive at any point on the battlefield within the next breath, please come and invite Hall Master Hu."

Immediately, a disciple responded, and then went to invite people. Wen Wenhai turned his head and glanced at everyone, and said solemnly: "This time our enemies are completely different from those in the Asura Realm. The enemies here are even more serious." They are so powerful, you must be careful. What is more important is their speed. Their speed is really too fast. We must be careful. Everyone, go back and prepare. This time they came two at a time. So... Maybe next time there will be three at once, we have to deal with them carefully, let’s go.”

Everyone responded, then turned and left. After everyone left, Wen Wenhai let out a sigh of relief. Then he glanced at the projection and couldn't help but snorted. This time, they suffered a huge loss. It's so annoying that they were caught off guard by the enemy. If they were prepared, the enemy would never be able to succeed.

At this time, a disciple reported: "Elder Wen, Hall Master Hu has arrived." It was the disciple who was sent to invite Hu Wei before. As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he immediately said: "Please come in, Master Hu." The disciple responded, then turned around and went out to invite someone.

Hu Wei followed the disciple into the command hall and saw Wen Wenhai standing in front of the projection. Looking at the projection, she felt a little confused, but she still said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, are you looking for me? "Hu Wei didn't know why Wen Wenhai was looking for her. She had been busy dealing with the affairs of Lingzhi Hall these days. She didn't care much about the sect's affairs, so she didn't know what was going on outside.

Wen Wenhai also turned his head at this time, glanced at Hu Wei, and said in a deep voice: "Palace Master Hu, can you let them engrave coordinates on every war plant, so that we, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, can Reaching any of the coordinates at any time is very important for our next battle." This is the purpose of Wen Wenhai looking for Hu Weilai, because he found that their speed is far inferior to those of the Golden Wings Dapeng, so I can only think of a solution on the teleportation array.