c7426 run away

Zhao Hai returned to his room. He was thinking about what Liu Yong and the others did today. This method of fusing Dharma, Murderous Aura, Energy Beast Array, Space Array, and Yin-Yang Thunder Pond together is He hadn't thought of it, but Liu Yong and the others had thought of it, and this method was really effective. Look at the giant that Liu Yong and the others had created. It was already very powerful in combat. If it really happened with Ding Chunming, When they face each other, he will draw a tie. Of course, if Ding Chunming and the others do not use too many methods to bless them, if Ding Chunming and the others also use Dharma to bless them, then Ding will definitely win in the end. Chunming them.

Although this may sound a bit unbelievable, why can't the combined strength of a thousand people defeat Ding Chunming and the others? In fact, this is very simple, because Ding Chunming and the others are one person, and they have gathered the power of a thousand people. Even if their power is concentrated, it is still the power of a thousand people, which is more or less the same as the power of one person. There are some gaps.

And Ding Chunming and the others are indeed stronger than Liu Yong and the others. Although Liu Yong and the others are hiding in the giant's body, the giant may not be able to block Ding Chunming's attack, even if it can. You can bear it, the huge shaking force will also be unbearable for Liu Yong and the others. The final winner will definitely be Ding Chunming and the others.

But if Liu Yong and the others use this giant to deal with those Dapeng, there will be no problem. They will definitely be able to deal with those Dapeng, because Liu Yong and the others are now stronger than those Dapeng. But in terms of speed, they are indeed not as good as those Dapeng, there is a huge difference.

Zhao Hai also tried Liu Yong's method. This method is indeed very good. It is an effect similar to that of Dharma. People in the team like Liu Yong and others can use it, and he can also use it. As the array increases, the power of the giant will become greater and greater. However, the greater the power of the giant, the more difficult it will be to control it. This is what Zhao Hai expected.

Time passed little by little, and soon it was the next morning. For the people of the Blood Killing Sect, whether it was day or night, the impact was not very big, because in their Zhan Zhi Fortress, There are many luminous plants, which allow them to see the surrounding situation clearly at night. In addition, the Garuda Realm is not completely controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so the people of the Blood Killing Sect can see the surroundings clearly at night. Action will not have any impact.

Wen Wenhai and others had already told all the people in the team about this method when Liu Yong and the others succeeded in their experiment, and asked them to start using this method to experiment. This method was also useful for people in other teams. There is no difficulty at all. They learned it quickly, and after several hours of training, although they are still not perfect, they have no problem using it in combat.

Shenjitang has also installed spherical arrays in the woods. These spherical arrays are all gravity arrays, and these arrays are now all open, waiting for the big roc to arrive. I don’t know if this time Is it one big roc or four big rocs? If it is the huge big roc in the morning, it means that after these big rocs devour each other, there is no way to separate them. If they become four, As for Dapeng, it means that they can be separated after devouring each other.

Everyone was waiting for the arrival of the big roc. Wen Wenhai and the others all paid attention to the projection and waited quietly. To be honest, they didn't expect that things would go so smoothly. Liu Yong and the others could actually develop this kind of projection. In terms of ability, Wen Wenhai and the others have asked that the first team to inject murderous aura into the energy beasts was Liu Yong and the others, and the first team to inject the fusion method into the energy beast formation was also Liu Yong and the others, so this Once Liu Yong and the others really made a great contribution.

Time passed little by little, and when it was almost time, Wen Wenhai and the others concentrated their energy. Finally, a piercing siren sounded, and everyone's spirits were shocked. They immediately rushed to the scene. Looking at the radar, there were four black spots appearing on the road before thinking twice. These four black spots were heading towards the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. They were approaching quickly and it looked like they were about to attack the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as he saw the four black dots, Wen Wenhai's face couldn't help but change, and his eyes couldn't help but shrink. He was very clear that now he saw four black dots, which meant that through devouring in the morning, they merged into The four Dapeng that were together are now separated and become four again. In other words, the fusion of the Dapeng is not irreversible. They can still be separated, which will make it even more difficult to deal with.

Zhu Yong also said at this time: "Good guy, if we are separated, we can separate or put it together. This guy is even more difficult to deal with." Zhu Yong knew very well that if we can separate and put together, then this Dapeng Their fighting methods will become more diverse, and it will be more difficult to deal with these Dapeng. If they fail to do so, a few will escape, and this means that when they face Dapeng in the future, they will also have to fight with Dapeng. Notice this characteristic of them.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "I believe Lao Gu will also notice this. He knows what to do. We just need to watch. I really want to see it. This time Can the four big rocs still run away?" Even though he said this, Wen Wenhai still focused all his attention on the projection, and now on the projection, the four big rocs were slowly approaching the Blood Killing Sect. turf.

In fact, their speed was not slow, it could even be said to be quite fast. In the blink of an eye, they had arrived at the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. And Gu Yuanzheng had indeed seen those four little dots a long time ago, and he immediately thought of , Those big rocs can indeed be separated and combined, so he made arrangements as soon as possible.

Just when the four big rocs entered the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, they immediately felt a heavy weight on their bodies, and their flying speed slowed down. The four big rocs didn't even hesitate and immediately started to devour them. It turned into a huge roc, but when they were devouring it, they found that they were heavier. Even if they turned into a huge roc, their speed did not increase.

At the same time, they saw countless Babel vines, covering them directly. The big roc opened its big mouth, and a golden light shot out directly from his mouth, covering the Babel vines, and then heard With a bang, the sky-reaching vines all shrank and entered the big roc's mouth.

But at this moment, several blood rivers rushed towards the big roc. The big roc immediately screamed a few times, and then the golden light from its mouth shot out one at a time, hitting one of the blood rivers. There was a loud bang, and the river of blood disappeared. Then a giant appeared. This giant held a long knife in his hand and slashed at the roc.

The Dapeng's wings trembled, and his body moved. He passed through the knife and two rivers of blood at the same time. Then he grabbed forward with both claws and heard a bang, and a river of blood flowed at once. He was scattered by him, but at the same time, the Dapeng was also shaken back, and a giant emerged from the blood river that he had scattered.

There was a look of shock in the eyes of the big roc. He couldn't figure out why he couldn't rush through places that he could easily rush through before. Why he could knock away those things that he could hit when he hit them before. The monks couldn't, but so many giants appeared. These giants were so powerful in combat, which was really surprising.

At this moment, those giants were killed at once, and the Dapeng could only get up to meet the enemy. However, the longer he stayed here, the greater the impact of the gravity circle, and his movements were also The slower he goes, the harder it will be for him to cope with those giants. Now this roc is already feeling very strenuous.

The Dapeng looked at the giants who were still alive and vigorous, and a cold light flashed in his eyes. Then he saw his body move violently and plunged into the woods. Due to the influence of gravity, his falling speed reached It was very fast, and he submerged into the woods in one fell swoop. Then he emerged from under the woods, and penetrated the woods in one fell swoop.

With his reaction, no one expected that a defensive array had actually been formed at the tree roots under the forest. However, because they did not expect that the roc would go directly into the woods, the defensive array was not activated. , but did not expect that it would actually give Dapeng a chance to escape.

As soon as the Dapeng ran under the woods, he immediately noticed that there seemed to be no gravity array under the woods. His wings couldn't help but trembled, and he flew straight into the distance, disappearing in the blink of an eye. Well, such a result was something no one expected.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng saw the big roc disappearing from the radar projection, he couldn't help but cursed angrily: "Damn, you are so cunning. I really didn't expect it. It seems that I have to be more careful in the future to let others fight." After Fort Zhi has recovered, I'm going to see Elder Wen and the others." After saying that, he turned around and left.

When Gu Yuanzheng and the others arrived at the command hall, they saw Wen Wenhai and the others looking at him with smiles on their faces. Gu Yuanzheng's face couldn't help but darken, and then he snorted coldly: "What are you laughing at? Let the enemy run away, there are What’s so funny, I know I’m to blame for what happened this time, but you don’t have to laugh like that, it’s really ugly.”

"Hahahaha." Upon hearing what he said, Wen Wenhai and the others laughed even louder. After a while, Wen Wenhai finally said: "You guy, you are actually not to blame for this matter. Who can?" I can imagine that the roc would be so cunning, but this also reflects a problem. The strength of our magic circle is actually somewhat insufficient, and the magic circle we designed before also has problems. Also, The team we arranged to deal with Dapeng was too single-minded. In fact, these are not your problems, so Lao Gu, you don’t have to blame yourself too much."

Zhu Yong also smiled and said: "Yes, if there is a team that uses the magic machine and the method, and they come up and give him a weak water three thousand, or a dragnet, then he will not be able to escape. These are all lessons."