c7424 test

Liu Yong and the others also dissipated their energy at this time, but the tiger did not disappear. Although the tiger was filled with murderous intent, it did not attack any of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. It was just above the woods. It kept roaring and running, and looked very active.

Zhao Hai nodded, then looked at Liu Yong and the others and said: "You want to integrate the fusion method into the energy beast. Can you tell me why? Also, what difficulties have you encountered?" Zhao Hai was very worried. Clearly, sometimes, it is better to ask these ordinary disciples questions like these. After all, they were the ones who found this method.

Liu Yong immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Returning to the sect master, we have succeeded once before by accident. We successfully integrated the fusion method into the energy beast. At that time, the energy beast actually changed. He turned into a huge energy orc. He could fight and use the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, and was very powerful. However, we didn't control it well at the time and he disappeared quickly. It was precisely because of this that we thought In order to integrate the Dharma form directly into the energy beast, the biggest difficulty we encounter now is that we don't know how to integrate our Dharma form into the energy beast. The previous time we succeeded, we succeeded accidentally. Yes, no one knows how to succeed, so now it’s very difficult to think about success.”

Hearing what Liu Yong said, Zhao Hai also nodded. He thought for a while, and then said: "The reason why your fusion method is successful is because all your exercises to strengthen the method are actually based on your The Dharma-based ones are guided by your Dharma-appearance and finally merged together. However, this process is very fast. The reason why you are unsuccessful now is because your magic circle requires you to transfer energy. , are input into the formation talisman at the same time. In this way, their time will conflict, so your fusion method has no way to truly integrate into the energy beast's body, so this situation occurs, but This is not unsolvable.”

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, glanced at Liu Yong and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "Although if the formation is to be successfully activated, it is indeed necessary to input energy into each formation talisman at the same time, but there is actually a There is a time difference. This time difference is very short, only about half a breath. That is to say, you first enter the exercises and blessings into the array talisman. After half a breath, others can input the dharma into the array talisman. Those who have successfully activated the magic circle, if this can be successful, then you will very likely be able to integrate the fusion magic form into the energy beast."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Liu Yong and the others were stunned at first, and then they were overjoyed. They were about to conduct the experiment. Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, you haven't adapted to your external incarnation yet. Incarnations actually have very strong abilities. One of the simplest energies is timing. What we call one breath is almost equivalent to about two seconds. You can completely use the timing ability in your incarnation outside of you to help you. Timing, one second after you input energy into the array talisman, other disciples are inputting energy into the array talisman. In this way, the time difference is also there, and the array can also be activated. Remember, be sure to pay attention to yourself. Let’s give it a try by externalizing the time on your body.”

Liu Yong and the others were stunned for a moment, and then responded immediately. Zhao Hai also led Wen Wenhai and the others to retreat aside. Liu Yong and the others immediately began to conduct experiments. Liu Yong and the others were stunned for a moment. Zhao Hai knew , they must be activating the timing function in their external avatar, so they didn't pay attention.

Then a red light suddenly appeared on Liu Yong's body, and this red light was directly injected into the formation talisman under his feet. At this moment, his energy had just been injected into the formation talisman, and the others immediately They began to inject energy into the formation talisman, and then they saw another tiger appear above their heads, but this tiger seemed to be in great pain, and then disappeared directly. Their experiment this time failed again.

Zhao Hai frowned slightly when he looked at Liu Yong and the others. He felt that this was not possible. Although it seemed to be successful, it was actually not easy to succeed. The reaction time of each disciple was too long. They are different. Some disciples are fast and some are slow. This will affect their success rate.

In the past, they only formed a magic circle. This aspect was not obvious yet, because the magic circle itself had a time difference. Even if their reaction was slow, it could not be as much as one breath. The time difference of half a breath was enough for them to use, but It's different now. Now Liu Yong used half of the time first, and others are catching up. This is equivalent to using up the half of the time to smooth out the time difference. They are thinking about success, and it will not be easy.

Just when Liu Yong and the others were still trying, Zhao Hai stopped them, and then he turned to Liu Yong and said: "Liu Yong, you should create an energy beast array now and let this array float above you. On the top of your head, and then you are inputting energy into it. The input is the energy of the fusion of the Dharma. The method is the same as before, input the energy with half a breath difference, and then see the effect." The reason why Zhao Hai did this is because of doing so, and Liu Yong's previous approach was different.

Before Liu Yong and the others, everyone had a formation talisman under their feet. This meant that they input energy into each formation talisman respectively. In this way, their energy input could not have too many errors. If there were too many errors, The magic circle cannot be activated, but if the magic circle is taken out and placed on our heads like this, it will be different. This is equivalent to inputting energy into the magic circle. It is the whole magic circle, not A certain array talisman, so that even if the energy they input into the array comes first and then later, the array can still be activated without any impact.

Zhao Hai just wanted to try it to see if this method worked. If it worked, that would be great. Anyway, the incarnations of their disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can continue to grow and form a magic circle. , it’s nothing at all, that’s why Zhao Hai did this.

When Liu Yong heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded, and then he immediately separated an energy beast array. This array was available in their external incarnations. He only needed to separate it, and then that The magic circle was suspended in the sky above them, and then Liu Yong took a deep breath and said loudly: "Everyone, pay attention, get ready. After I input the energy for half a breath, you will input the energy immediately. Get ready, start." As he With a voice, a burst of red energy flew straight from his body towards the magic circle and submerged into the magic circle. A red light immediately appeared on the magic circle.

Then the other disciples immediately emitted a red light, which was directly input into the magic circle. When everyone's energy entered the magic circle, they saw the magic circle suddenly light up, and the light was very dazzling. , everyone couldn't help but closed their eyes frequently, and then the sound of a tiger roar came.

When everyone opened their eyes, they all froze there. They saw a giant with a height of one thousand meters, standing there. This giant looked very weird, and his body looked silver. Shining is all metal in color, but the metal bodies have blood-red patterns. These patterns are very beautiful, very complex, and look extremely mysterious.

But this giant's head is a tiger's head. On the top of his head, there is a blood-red king character. His two eyes are also blood-red. At the same time, this tiger-headed giant also holds a weapon in his hand. A long knife. This long knife is also very long, hundreds of meters long.

The giant raised his head to the sky and let out a long roar. This roar spread far away, and people could feel it as soon as they heard it. Their hearts were shaken, because from this roar, people could hear that there was something in this roar that With endless killing intent, those who are timid may be too frightened to move as soon as they hear this sound.

Zhao Hai looked at the giant, then looked at the patterns on his body, and then murmured: "It was that magic circle that directly produced such a change. It seems that the strength is still very powerful. This is really a It was an unexpected surprise, but this giant appeared, but Liu Yong and the others were still outside. If someone attacked Liu Yong and the others, the situation would not be too good. Well, let's see if we can combine the space magic circle with the energy. If the beast magic array can be combined, it will definitely be a good thing." Zhao Hai didn't notice the surprised look of the others at all, and just kept analyzing on his own.

Wen Wenhai and the others all looked at the giant in astonishment. They never thought that after Zhao Hai's change, the energy giant turned into a metal giant. This surprised them so much. The metal giant's The combat power is much stronger than the previous tiger at first glance, which is definitely a good thing.

At this moment, Zhao Hai's voice came: "Liu Yong, come here." Wen Wenhai and Liu Yong came to their senses immediately. Everyone looked at Zhao Hai, even the tops of their heads. The tiger-headed giant on the top looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai didn't pay attention at all. Instead, he looked at the tiger-headed giant's movements, with an expression of interest on his face. He looked at Liu Yong and said, "Liu Yong, Come here." Liu Yong responded immediately, and then came directly to Zhao Hai's side.

Zhao Hai looked at Liu Yong and said: "Liu Yong, does this giant still need you to input energy into his body?" This is the question that Zhao Hai is most concerned about, but if this giant still needs them to input energy into his body, then Liu Yong and the others are afraid that they won't be able to support it for long, because this giant looks like it will consume a lot of energy.

When Liu Yong heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "Yes, Sect Master, he still needs us to input energy into his body, but he can absorb part of it himself. The energy we input is very small. For a giant like this, we can do it." Support him to fight continuously for more than five hours. If we have something to replenish energy, we can support him for a longer time." Liu Yong has already calculated the consumption of this giant, so his answer is very accurate.