c7425 giant

Zhao Hai nodded, then looked at the giant and said, "Can you control him now?" Zhao Hai had such an idea after he found that the giant was looking at him, so he asked this question, because He felt that this giant did not seem to have any intelligence in his eyes like the previous tiger, only an instinct. He felt that this giant seemed to have intelligence, so he asked this question.

Liu Yong immediately said: "Yes, sect master, I can control him, but the one who really controls him is not me, but my external incarnation, because this giant's body is equal to the metal material separated from my external incarnation. Yes, so he is controlled by my external incarnation, but it is no different from my control."

Zhao Hai understood that because the magic circle that made up this giant was originally separated from Liu Yong's external incarnation, this giant was controlled by Liu Yong's external incarnation, and Liu Yong's external incarnation The external incarnation is equivalent to Liu Yong, so Liu Yong is not wrong in saying that this giant is controlled by him.

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said in a deep voice: "Then can you disband this giant now? If you can, disband him first and then conduct the next experiment." Zhao Hai knew very well that Liu Yong and the others now have no The only way is to create a giant, so if you want to conduct the next experiment, you must first disband the giant.

Liu Yong responded and said: "Yes, Sect Master, it can be explained." After saying this, he thought, and the next moment a red light flashed, and the giant disappeared, leaving only a formation disk there. The energy beast formation disk that they input energy into before has now returned to its original appearance.

Zhao Hai nodded, then turned to Liu Yong and said: "Liu Yong, how much does he know about the sect's magic formation? Does he know the space magic formation?" Zhao Hai knew that ordinary disciples like Liu Tong and the others had some knowledge about the sect's magic formation. He didn't know much about the sect's magic circle, so he asked like this.

Liu Yong immediately nodded and said: "I know a lot about magic formations, and we all have a lot of magic formations stored in our external incarnations. We can also use space magic formations. Please clarify, sect master." Liu Yong did not I understand very well why Zhao Hai suddenly asked such a question, but he still answered truthfully.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, as long as you understand the magic circle, it will be easy to handle. Let me tell you what you have to do next. The next thing you have to do is to put the space magic circle into place." , Yin-Yang Thunder Pond Array, and this energy beast array are combined together to form a new array. Then follow your previous method and input the fused dharma-phase energy into it to see what kind of effect it will have. Bar."

Liu Yong was stunned, but he still responded. He almost understood what Zhao Hai meant now. He couldn't help but applaud Zhao Hai's idea. At the same time, he was also very surprised. He didn't expect that Zhao Hai thought of it so quickly. There were so many ways, which really surprised him.

Then Liu Yong returned directly to his team and told the people in his team about Zhao Hai's request. In fact, others did not need to do anything. They only needed to input energy. The commander was Liu Yong. There. Then Liu Yong began to let the light brain in his external incarnation analyze to see if he could combine the space array, the energy beast array and the yin and yang thunder pool array. Only by combining these three arrays in Together, they can take the next step.

He had just stated his request, and his optical brain had already given the answer. It turned out that these three magic arrays could be combined together, and there were already ready-made combinations at Shenji Hall. Just take them directly Just come and use it. This saves trouble. Liu Yong directly combined these three arrays to form a new array, and then placed the array talisman in the sky. As for the talisman originally in the sky The formation disk has naturally been taken back by him.

After the new formation disk was placed in the sky, Liu Yong then said loudly: "Everyone, pay attention, get ready, start." After saying that, he first input a burst of energy into the formation. After half a breath, the others also All the energy was input into the magic circle. The magic circle lit up, then a red light flashed, and the next moment a tiger roar came.

Zhao Hai and the others waited until the red light disappeared before they could see clearly what was going on there. They saw that Liu Yong and the others had disappeared. There, standing a giant with a height of more than 1,500 meters, this giant was still made of metal. Colored, with complex and mysterious red patterns on it, a tiger head, holding a broadsword about a kilometer long in its hand.

Just when Zhao Hai and the others were looking at the giant, the giant's huge head started to move. He first looked left and right, then looked down. Then the giant opened his mouth and heard a voice. He said: "Sect Master, we are now in the inner space of this giant. Now I can completely control this giant, and because of the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool Array, most of the energy used by this giant is generated by the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool. The circle provides for itself, and we can now take turns resting so we can support the giant in a longer battle."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, you go outside the base and test it to see how powerful this giant is. After the test, come and report to me." The giant responded, and then moved. , straight away, and in the blink of an eye, they were outside the Blood Killing Sect's base.

After waiting outside the Blood Slaughter Sect's base, the giant began to use the Eight Blood Fighting Styles. What does it feel like for a giant more than a thousand meters tall to use the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles? It really felt like a thousand armies were overcoming the disaster. What was even more surprising was that when the giant used the eight bloody battle styles, the blessings of the exercises could actually appear on his body. This was really impressive. Surprised.

I saw an extremely wide blood river, suddenly falling from the sky, and then surrounding the giant. The giant seemed to have merged into the blood river and disappeared. The blood river kept flowing in the sky. It circled for a while, and a huge mountain of corpses fell from the sky, and the blood river turned into a sea of ​​blood.

After a while, the blood river calmed down, and then the blood river slowly disappeared. Liu Yong and the others appeared again and again, but Liu Yong and the others now seemed not to be tired at all. Everyone turned to Zhao Hai They flew here and waited until they were in front of Zhao Hai. Liu Yong came to Zhao Hai with excitement and said: "Sect Master, we have already tested it. The power of this giant is very huge. In the past, we always felt that , although we people form the fusion form, our combat effectiveness has not been fully utilized, but it is different now. Now we feel that the power of all of us seems to be concentrated. It can be said that now we are truly We have done it, thousands of people are like one, and the power of the moves is unparalleled." Liu Yong said these words to Zhao Hai with an excited face.

After listening to Liu Yong's words, Zhao Hai also had a smile on his face. He smiled slightly and said: "Okay, very good, but didn't you say that you can rest in batches? Don't you need to during the battle? Are breaks divided into batches? Does everyone have to participate?”

Liu Yong shook his head and said: "No need. In fact, after we enter the giant's body space, we will find that there is a huge magic circle under our feet. Half of us can go to rest, and the other half can go to the magic circle." Inputting energy into the formation, as for controlling the giant to fight, I can do it myself, or we can incarnate ourselves outside the body. He can also use the eight bloody battle styles, and because he is actually composed of the power of the fusion of Dharma, so When he uses the Eight Forms of Bloody Fighting, he can directly use the blessing effect of the exercises, which is very powerful. In this way, we can keep this giant fighting at a high intensity, and add most of his In fact, all the power is provided by the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond, so we don’t have to provide too much power, so the battle will take much longer than we imagined."

Zhao Hai nodded, turned to Wen Wenhai and said: "It seems that this matter is done, you guys should keep a closer eye, do you understand what I mean? Now in our Blood Killing Sect, we use more than one method. , Shenji Dharma, and some other Dharma, this method can also be used. You have to pay attention to it and let them become familiar with this method as soon as possible. However, the training of the Rubik's Cube Array Metal Net cannot be stopped. Now I have I have new ideas, but I can’t tell you until the training of those teams is completed, so you should keep an eye on this matter first.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded, and Zhao Hai turned to Liu Yong and the others and said, "You have done a good job, but you still need more practice. The time to form a giant is still shortening, and you have to adapt to the giant's fighting speed. You must also use your strength and moves well, only in this way can you exert the greatest effect when facing the enemy."

Liu Yong responded. He was still very excited now because he found that if he used this method to deal with those Dapeng, they could at least be invincible. For giants like this, even if Dapeng wanted It is not easy to break through, and their safety can be guaranteed. When they face Dapeng, they will not be injured so easily, so Liu Yong still has a lot to do now.

Zhao Hai looked at Liu Yong, smiled and patted him on the shoulder and said: "Well done, I can see that your basic skills are very solid, that's why you have achieved such an achievement, this is very good "Basic skills are the foundation of a monk. He determines how far a monk can go. Keep working hard." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared.

Liu Yong responded, and when he looked up, Zhao Hai had already left, but at this time, Wen Wenhai also came to his side, smiled and said to Liu Yong: "Okay, Liu Yong, you performed well. I heard the sect master's instructions." Are you ready? Let's train well. When the Dapeng comes in the evening, we can teach them a lesson. We must keep him this time. We must not let him run away. Go Come on, let's go practice." Liu Yong responded, saluted Wen Wenhai and the others, and led his team away to practice.