c7421 analyze

Gu Yuanzheng stood in the command hall of the Bloody Battle Castle and was talking to Wen Wenhai. After he finished speaking, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frowned and said: "So, those big rocs really have nothing in the end. Stay? This is a bit weird, I thought they would leave something behind, but I didn’t expect that he didn’t leave anything behind. "

Gu Yuanzheng also nodded and said: "This is indeed a bit strange. I also thought they would leave something behind, but they did leave nothing behind. However, there are two points we need to pay attention to. First, these big rocs It can turn into a fish. The speed of the fish seems to be not as good as the Dapeng, but the flexibility seems to be better. Secondly, after the Dapeng turns into a fish, it can devour each other and make itself stronger. , although I don’t know if Dapeng can do the same, but this is enough to attract our attention. If Sheng Si hadn’t taken action this time, we might not have been able to capture that big fish.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "It seems that we really need to be more careful in the future. If they can really devour each other and become stronger, then we must be careful when facing them. A little while ago, I really didn’t expect that this kid Sheng Si has become so strong.”

Gu Yuanzheng also smiled and said: "Yeah, I really didn't expect that Sheng Si's strength has become so strong. He has now completely learned the Void Condensation Formation Technique on his head. I heard that now that he takes action, There are stars shining above his head, no one knows how many formations he can use, and no one knows how powerful every time he takes a shot, it is really amazing."

Wen Wenhai also smiled and nodded. They are all Zhao Hai's subordinates, but Sheng Si's identity is very special. He can be said to be the most painful adopted son of Zhao Hai, and he is also the most powerful among Zhao Hai's adopted sons. The strongest one is also the youngest among them, so in the eyes of Wen Wenhai and others, Sheng Si has always been their junior, so when they saw that Sheng Si was so strong, they all felt very happy.

Gu Yuanzheng then said: "By the way, we also discovered something. When fighting the four big rocs, we found that the divine machine magic signs can be used in combination. It is the divine machine magic signs sent out by several teams. They can be used together. We used this move to trap the four Dapeng. The combat power of the four Dapeng is really not to be underestimated. They also have that kind of golden light, their kind The golden light is really powerful. Not only can it break our Babel Vine, it can also break our spells. It is very powerful. However, it can also be seen from this incident that their golden light seems to be also powerful. It’s not endless. If they could really keep emitting that kind of golden light, then we wouldn’t be able to trap them. In the end, they couldn’t emit the golden light anymore, so they were trapped.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, just find a way to deal with them. I really didn't expect that our divine machine method can be used in combination. If our magic cube array is equipped with the divine machine method in the future, the effect will definitely be Better, okay, it seems that we were wrong to give up the use of metal walls completely before. Metal walls can still play a role when necessary. Not only can they block enemy attacks, but they can also play a very good role. defensive role."

Everyone nodded. What Wen Wenhai said was correct. Although the big fish did not hit the metal wall in the end, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect used the metal wall to block the big fish at the last moment. This is indeed a good move. If their metal wall is thick enough, it can completely block the big fish.

Gu Yuanzheng then said: "There are also energy attacks. We found that although energy attacks may not necessarily hurt those big rocs, they can consume their golden light. So I think our disciples can't use the Rubik's Cube yet." Arrays form a large net. Now when fighting, they can also use the Rubik's Cube Array, because when they use the Rubik's Cube Array, they can summon energy beasts to attack those big rocs, even if they cannot kill those big rocs. Peng, it is also good to consume the power of those big rocs, so that we can deal with them more easily."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Okay, I'll do as you say. You are the frontline commander. We must pay attention to your opinions. You go and make arrangements. Although we have been busy this time, what? We didn’t get any, but no matter what, we killed four Dapeng at once, which is definitely a good thing for us.”

Everyone laughed, and Wen Wenhai continued: "Now we almost know the methods of these big rocs, but just like what the sect leader said before, don't be proud, and don't think that these big rocs only have these methods. If If we really think so, then we are not far from failure, so we must be careful. Mr. Array, your plan is very good this time, but after adding our Rubik's Cube Array, according to those These changes in Dapeng are making some adjustments, but they only need to be adjusted in subtle ways.”

Mr. Zhen nodded. Of course he knew what to do. Zhao Hai mentioned this matter before, so of course he paid special attention to it. Naturally, he would not make any mistakes. And like this time, those big They didn't expect Peng to turn into a fish, and they didn't even expect that the fish could be combined together in the end, so they knew that they had to be careful and pay attention.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, then everyone should go back and do their own things well. Boss, the distance for our next attack is still a thousand miles, so your plan must be faster. , everyone should be more prepared, our attack distance this time is a thousand miles, I really want to see how many Dapeng will appear in the end."

Everyone responded, and they were all a little excited, because they also wanted to know how many Dapeng would attack them this time. Moreover, attacking a thousand miles at a time has always been the tradition of the Blood Killing Sect. But after arriving here, this tradition was changed and became a hundred miles. This made them all feel very aggrieved. Now they finally have another chance. Of course they were happy to be able to recover a thousand miles.

After everyone left, Wen Wenhai also paid special attention to the situation of the disciples training in the Xuanwu space. The situation of those disciples was very good. Everyone was training hard, but most of their time, they were in Training in the real fantasy world, only a small amount of time will be spent training in the Xuanwu space, but this is already very good.

It seems that the training of those disciples can be completed in a few days. The reason why they can complete the training so quickly is because they have a foundation in this area before. What they trained was the Rubik's Cube Formation. In the past, they used to The Rubik's Cube Formation is used very skillfully. The reason why they need to retrain now is because they have to weave a net, so they need to retrain. But as long as they learn how to weave this net, there will be no problem.

The second is because their external avatars have been upgraded. Their external avatars could be said to be dead objects before, but now they are equivalent to one of his combat clones, which are specially designed to help them fight. He proposed it Some opinions are very helpful to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this that when they learn how to fight, those external incarnations are particularly helpful to them.

Seeing that everything was going well, Wen Wenhai didn't say anything. Not only those Blood Killing Sect disciples who did not participate in the battle had to be trained, but even those Blood Killing Sect disciples who participated in the battle also had to be trained. They would deal with them in the future. When going up to Dapeng, they must also use the Rubik's Cube Formation, so that they can fully recover from the battle in the shortest time.

After seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai stopped paying attention. On the contrary, he once again focused his attention on the Zhan Zhi Fortress because he wanted to know what happened to Garuda after they eliminated the four Dapeng. Will they send Dapeng to attack them here in the Garuda Realm? If Dapeng is sent to attack them in the Garuda Realm, and there are still four of them, it means that everything they have done before is in vain. , the Dapeng here can be refreshed at any time, and will not be really killed at all. That is not good news for the Blood Killing Sect.

Time passed little by little, and by the next morning, it was time for Dapeng to appear every day. Wen Wenhai and the others were all nervously staring at the radar screen, ready to see if there would be any new ones. Dapeng, if a new Dapeng appears, then they will have to fight.

But in the end they found that their tension was in vain. Seeing that time had passed, but no Dapeng appeared to attack them, which made Wen Wenhai and the others sigh in relief, which proved that their worries were unnecessary. The Dapeng here in the Garuda Realm are not endless. They will die even if they are killed, but they will not leave anything behind after death. Although they did not get anything, as a result, they have already Very satisfied.

And at this time, the new battle plan from the formation boss and the others was also sent. This battle plan only made some changes in the previous battle plan. It was very simple, but it was also more comprehensive. As soon as he saw this battle plan, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but nodded. Now the battle plans made by the bosses and the others are really getting better and better.

Wen Wenhai sent the battle plan directly to the elders, and told them that in three days, the second expansion would be carried out, and the expansion distance would still be a thousand miles. This was the same as before, and they had to pay The rest time for the disciples to expand a thousand miles at a time is not a small number. Although the disciples can fly, there is still a lot of work to be done at such an attack distance. They must give the disciples enough rest time. , otherwise problems may arise again. They don't want the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to have emotional problems, which would be troublesome.