c7423 New discovery

Wen Wenhai and the others all understood what Zhu Yong meant. The gravity array was a powerful weapon against those giant rocs, but their gravity array was too scattered, so it was not very useful for those rocs. Those rocs only needed to Once swallowed and fused, you no longer need to worry about the gravity circle.

In addition, the speed of those big rocs is very fast. Before their gravity array was activated, those rocs had already flown away, so the gravity array was really not very useful to the rocs. . But if the gravity array is placed on the Babel Vine, it will be different.

The Babel vines can stretch up to about 10,000 meters long, so if those big rocs want to pass through the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, they must break those Babel vines. Judging from the reaction of the big roc just now, this It is not difficult for them, but if the gravity array is placed on the Babel Vine, then when the roc breaks the Babel Vine, it will be equivalent to hitting the gravity array. At that time, the gravity array, Naturally, it will be used on him. In that case, this Dapeng will be hit.

But in this case, some changes must be made to Tongtian Vine. How to change it requires Hu Wei and the others to study it carefully. After all, Hu Wei and the others are experts in this field, and they can only propose Some opinions, but in other aspects they really can't help much.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "I will talk to Hu Wei and the others about this aspect. What else? Is there any other way?" Wen Wenhai also knew that Zhan Zhi's matter should be left to Hu Wei It would be best for them to deal with it, but even if Hu Wei and the others could improve Babel Vine, they might not be able to complete it in a short time, so they still need a method that can be effective immediately.

Baiyan said solemnly: "We can directly put more magic arrays in our war plant fortress, and these magic arrays will be activated directly, or directly release the Sky-Swallowing Net, as long as the Sky-Swallowing Net is If you make some changes to some of the magic formations, then he will be a weapon against those big rocs."

When Bai Yan said this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but his eyes lit up. He nodded vigorously and said: "Swallowing Sky Net, yes, Swallowing Sky Net, how could we forget this? Swallowing Sky Net is a good thing, okay. Break the enemy's protective formation, but if we change the magic formation inside it and turn it into a gravity magic formation, then it will definitely be more suitable to use it to deal with Dapeng. Yes, that's it. It’s decided, I will notify Lao Wen and the others right away and ask them to make a batch of improved Sky-Swallowing Nets right away. This is not a difficult task for them at all.”

Zhu Yong also nodded, and then said: "Yes, the Sky-Swallowing Net is indeed available, and I think puppet disciples can also be allowed to participate in the battle. They are born with the ability to transform their bodies, and they can control themselves at will. If the magic circle on their body really covers the bodies of those big rocs, and then turns into a gravity magic circle on their bodies, coupled with the change in shape, those big rocs will probably not be able to fly even if they want to. Are you sorry?"

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "She, I will immediately mobilize those puppet disciples and prepare them to participate in the war. Speaking of which, there are really not many opportunities for those puppet disciples to participate in the war. This will not work." After that, he contacted him directly. Hu Wei, Wen Yuming and those puppet disciples issued all kinds of orders.

Before he finished his work here, he saw that Gu Yuanzheng had entered the command hall. His face did not look angry at all. On the contrary, he looked very happy. His expression made Wen Wenhai and the others a little uncomfortable. Yes, but because Wen Wenhai was talking, no one asked him.

After Wen Wenhai finished giving the order, he turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said, "Lao Gu, what's wrong? You seem to be very happy. This time, we didn't stop the roc, and we also lost a lot of people. Disciple, what else are you so happy about?" Wen Wenhai was really curious.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "What I'm happy about is another thing. In fact, when our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect formed the Rubik's Cube Formation and summoned the energy beasts, they made a new discovery. They found that they could transform themselves Their murderous aura is integrated into the energy beast, making the energy beast more powerful. They can even fuse themselves with the law and into the energy beast, but they are still experimenting and have not succeeded yet."

Hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned. They never thought that there was such a thing. Murderous aura could be integrated into the energy beast, and even the blessing and fusion of martial arts could be integrated into it. Among energy beasts? How is this possible? This is incredible.

Wen Wenhai looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Didn't you say you are still testing it? And it has not succeeded. Why are you so sure that it will succeed? What if it doesn't succeed?" Wen Wenhai really couldn't believe it. You know They formed a Rubik's Cube formation and then released the energy beasts, but it could last forever. If the murderous aura and fusion method could really be integrated into the bodies of the energy beasts, the energy beasts would definitely become stronger. The most important thing is that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will The combat effectiveness will also become more durable.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "Some people have succeeded before, but it was just by chance. Now they are still trying to find out the reason for success. As long as they know the reason for success, they can follow it and they can always use this method. A method, wouldn’t it be considered a success?”

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I just don't know what the strength is. If the strength is not strong enough, it will be useless even if it succeeds." This is what Wen Wenhai is most worried about, but he can see it. Those energy beasts before were scattered as soon as they were hit by the big roc. There was no way to stop the big roc. If the energy beasts they created now were still like that, it would not be of much use.

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "No, the strength is very strong. Before, they just integrated the murderous aura into the energy beast. The energy beast is already much stronger than before. If it doesn't stop, let's go and take a look." After that, he looked at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai naturally had no reason to disagree. He immediately nodded and led everyone out.

They all had external avatars on their bodies. They knew the coordinates and formed a teleportation array. Then as soon as the light shone, a group of people appeared in a forest on the front line. At this time, the Blood Killing Sect disciples there were conducting experiments. A thousand of them were seen as a team, forming a small magic square. Then an energy beast appeared on the magic square. However, this energy beast seemed to be in great pain, and then disappeared in the air. .

Gu Yuanzheng didn't care, but said to the captain of the team: "Liu Yong, you don't want to experiment anymore, first integrate the murderous aura into the energy beast, and let Elder Wen and the others see if this thing can go wrong." It needs to be reported to the sect leader, quickly." Gu Yuanzheng is the frontline commander. He knows all the captain-level figures on the frontline, so he calls out the captain's name right away. Obviously, he is a frontline commander. Still very qualified.

As soon as Liu Yong heard Gu Yuanzheng's voice, he immediately turned to look at them. When he saw Wen Wenhai and the others were there, he was stunned. Then he immediately led his men to salute Wen Wenhai and the others. Wen Wenhai waved He waved his hand and said: "Okay, no need to be so polite, let's test it. If it really succeeds, this matter must be reported to the sect leader."

"I already know. I really didn't expect that you guys would be so smart and come up with such a method. Yes, it's really good. Come on, let me test it out." A voice suddenly came, and everyone Looking along the sound, I found Zhao Hai standing under a big tree, looking at them.

Liu Yong and the others were all excited for a while, and immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Okay, no need to be so polite, let's give it a try." Liu Yong and the others responded in agreement, and then at Liu Yong's command , they immediately formed a magic square, and then Liu Yong gave another order. Murderous aura emerged from all of them, but the strange thing this time was that their murderous aura did not dissipate into the sky. , but slowly injected into the formation talisman at their feet, and then a red light flashed in their entire magic square formation, and the next moment a tiger appeared above their heads.

This fierce tiger is about a thousand meters long. It has blood red color all over its body with black markings. It has a huge king character on its head and its eyes are like two pieces of blood red crystal. It looks like It was very beautiful, but it was also full of murderous intent. Then the tiger looked up to the sky and let out a long roar. The roar spread far away. At the same time, there was a hint of domineering and murderous intent in the roar, which made people feel a surge in their hearts. trembling.

Zhao Hai looked at the tiger and estimated its fighting power. Looking at the tiger's appearance, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "Not bad, it's really good. This is the momentum of the tiger. The ones we created before Although the energy beasts look very fierce, I have always felt that there is something missing from them. Only now I discovered that those energy beasts are missing a trace of murderous aura. I can’t blame you. They are energy beasts after all. How could an energy beast have murderous intent? So when fighting other people, if it is suppressed by the opponent's momentum, the power of the energy beast becomes smaller, so it is not the opponent of Dapeng, but now this energy beast , has murderous intent in his body, and is not inferior to that Dapeng in terms of momentum, then even if he is not Dapeng's opponent, he will have no problem blocking Dapeng for a while."

Wen Wenhai and the others listened quietly to Zhao Hai's words. Until Zhao Hai finished speaking, their faces all showed excitement. This energy tiger was affirmed by Zhao Hai, which means that his strength must be very high. Strong, this is definitely good news for them.

Since they entered the Garuda Realm, they have not found the most useful method to deal with those big rocs. Among the methods currently known, only the gravity array is the most useful method, but now their gravity Because the launch speed of the magic circle is not very fast, and the speed of those big rocs is too fast, it is really not of much use. If this kind of energy beast can really deal with those big rocs, then for them It's definitely a good thing.