c7428 practice

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "Thank you. Our method is really too simple to deal with a big roc. The reason why we let him run away before was just because we were careless. If we were not so careless, then That roc will never run away, we just need to be more serious this time."

"Hahahaha, look how proud you are, you guy." Wen Wenhai couldn't help laughing when he heard what Gu Yuanzheng said. His words also caused others to laugh along with him. Everyone felt that Gu Yuanzheng was indeed I feel a little proud, I really feel like I got a bargain and behaved well.

Gu Yuanzheng also laughed along with him, he was really very proud now. It took a while for everyone to calm down, but the atmosphere in the hall was still very lively. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and raised his voice a little: "Everyone, this Dapeng is taken care of, then we should move on to the next step. , I mean, let’s rest for a while first, let all the disciples learn to use the Rubik’s Cube Net, and learn how to fuse the Dharma Form with the Energy Beast Array, and then we attack. I believe that in this way, we can completely clean up those Dapeng, do you have any opinions?"

Everyone shook their heads, rolled their eyes and said, "I don't have any objections. I think it is very necessary. When dealing with this roc, our sky-swallowing net also played a great role. We can Prepare more of these sky-swallowing nets, and the Lingzhi Hall is also preparing new combat plants. These also need to be prepared, so I think it is very necessary for us to rest for a while and train well. Prepare now, and when we start a war with those Dapeng, we can take them down in one fell swoop."

Everyone nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng also said: "I agree with Lao Bai, we should make good preparations. What our Blood Sample Sect has always sought is stability. We must first make ourselves more perfect, and then clean up." The enemy has always been our purpose, so we should do the same this time."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai also said: "Okay, that's fine if no one has any objections, then let's start taking action. Not only those disciples need to be trained well, but we also need to practice hard for a period of time. Time, to be honest, after seeing the strength of Lao Ding and the others, I am really dissatisfied with my own strength. Moreover, I also received a communication from the sect master before. The sect master said that the exercises should be blessed and integrated into In the energy beast formation, not only those disciples can use it, but we can also use it. It will also improve our combat effectiveness. I think it makes sense, so I am also preparing to practice for a while. How do you feel? ?”

Everyone's faces showed a pensive expression, and then they all became excited, and then Baiyan said with gleaming eyes: "Yes, if we integrate our skills and blessings into the energy beast, then It is also very beneficial to the improvement of our strength, and it is very necessary."

The reason why Byakugan is so excited is because he himself is not very strong. It can be said that among all the core elders, his strength is the weakest. Now that there is this method that can improve their combat effectiveness, of course he He was happy, so he seemed a little excited.

Everyone else also understood what he was thinking. No one would laugh at him or turn their backs on the abilities of their group of people. They all saw it in their eyes. There was absolutely no problem in letting him be the core elder, but his strength was not. It has always been a flaw for them, so he naturally understands Baiyan and their desire for strength, so his current performance is quite normal.

Wen Wenhai was not angry, but smiled and said: "Okay, that's it. Let's practice well when we go back. By the way, I suggest everyone, finally practice the divine machine and the law, even if you were in the past. Those who practice the Eight Movements of Bloody Fighting should also practice the Divine Machinery. The sect leader has said that the Divine Machinery is all-encompassing. Even the Eight Movements of Bloody Fighting can be included in it. The murderous aura in our Bloody Killing Sect's techniques can be included. Integrating into the divine machine method, the power of the divine machine method may be greater, so don't put all your energy into the eight bloody battle postures. Of course, if you don't use the eight bloody battle postures well, you can also practice them. For a moment, because in our Blood Killing Sect, the Eight Styles of Blood Fighting can be said to be a foundation."

Everyone nodded. They were not stupid. On the contrary, after practicing to this level, everyone had a very deep understanding of the techniques. They knew very well which technique had more potential. Yes, they naturally knew that Shenji's set of skills was much better than the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, but they had never thought about integrating the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles into Shenji's skills. Now that they heard Wen Wen Hai said that it was Zhao Hai who told the story, and they immediately took it seriously.

Wen Wenhai then waved his hand, and everyone left without saying anything. They had to go back to practice. In fact, Wen Wenhai had said so many things before, but there was only one sentence that moved them the most, and that was that sentence. As soon as he saw the strength of Ding Chunming and the others, he felt that his own strength was not enough.

They are all familiar with Ding Chunming, and everyone knows that Ding Chunming is very strong. Ding Chunming is the person who has followed Zhao Hai for the longest time and is the most loyal to Zhao Hai. Everyone has no objection to letting him be a core elder. But everyone is not very convinced of Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming has good talent, so he is strong, but everyone does not think that his talent is worse than him, nor does he think that his strength is much worse than him. The two of them If we are in the right match, we really don’t know who will win.

But this time after Ding Chunming and the others appeared, their strength became very powerful. It was too powerful. It was beyond their imagination. Compared with Ding Chunming and the others, they already had a very obvious difference in strength. There is a gap. In this case, of course they feel that their strength is not enough.

After all, Ding Chunming is their friend, but you also have such thoughts about friends, just like a few friends in school. When you see your friend doing worse than you in the exam, you will feel sad for him. You will also be sad, but when you see that your friends did better than you in the exam, you will be even more sad. Now Wen Wenhai and others have a bit of this mentality.

So after Wen Wenhai announced that the meeting was over, everyone went back to their rooms and practiced seriously. They attached great importance to this practice. At the same time, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also went to practice. Went there, and you couldn't see a single person in the entire Blood Killing Sect base, only some aliens on guard there.

Fortunately, they had already destroyed that big roc before. After destroying that big roc, as long as they don't expand, there won't be another big roc coming to deal with him, and they can practice with peace of mind. , the reason why the alien clan was sent to guard there was because they were worried that the enemy would suddenly attack them, so that the alien clan could be prepared.

Speaking of which, the affairs of the alien clan are really no longer a headache. These aliens are not bad in strength, but they do not have spiritual intelligence. This is their biggest shortcoming. Without spiritual intelligence, in fact, It will affect their combat effectiveness, because they can't practice without spiritual wisdom, so now there is a clear difference between the strength of the alien clan and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Now Zhao Hai doesn't know how to deal with these aliens. Their combat effectiveness is not bad. There is no problem in using them as cannon fodder, but they will not cause too much harm to the enemy. They can only let them die. , although the alien clan seems to have always done this, Zhao Hai really doesn't want to do this.

But he has no other way, so now he can only drag and think of a way while dragging. Zhao Hai is trying to think of a way to see how he can improve the strength of the alien clan and also activate his spiritual intelligence. , if this can really be achieved, then the Blood Killing Sect will have a powerful fighting race.

As for the giant beasts, Zhao Hai doesn't care much about them now. If the enemy uses giant beasts to deal with them, they don't have to use giant beasts to fight them. They have many ways to deal with them. Now it's not like before. In the past, they would still be affected by the power of the law, but now the impact of the power of the law on them is very small, because the new external incarnation can help them immune to the influence of the power of the law, so they can completely deal with those Behemoth.

In addition, the current disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can also combine the fusion method and the energy beast array to create a giant that is over 1,500 meters tall. What kind of giant beast can compare with it? Those giants, so the giant beast clan, are of no use to the Blood Killing Sect, so now the giant beast nests of the alien clan have stopped producing. Now Zhao Hai is thinking about how to open up the alien clan. of wisdom and headache.

As for Wen Wenhai and the others, their training during this period has gone very smoothly. They have integrated their own magic skills, magic and holding skills with the energy beast magic circle, and the effect is quite good. In addition, they added an inner space magic circle. , they can also create a giant. They stand in the inner space of the giant and command the steel giant to fight. It feels pretty good. The most important thing is that even if the steel giant is injured, the impact on them will be It's not big, and they have another layer of protection, which is a good thing for them.

As for the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they have a lot to learn now. For example, they have to learn how to use the Rubik's Cube Net, and they also need to be able to combine their fusion method with the energy beast formation in the shortest possible time. Fusion together, they become giants and fight against the enemy. The faster the speed, the more beneficial it is to them. After all, on the battlefield, sometimes one second can determine life or death.

In addition to learning how to fuse the Dharma Form with the Energy Beast Array, they must also learn how to use their own techniques to bless the Dharma Appearance and integrate it with the Energy Beast Array. This is also very important to them. Because this can improve their individual combat capabilities, they cannot always form a team to face the enemy. If they face the enemy alone and there is no way to improve their combat effectiveness, then for them, it may not be What a good thing.