c7422 Devouring Fusion

For three days in a row, because the Blood Killing Sect did not attack, naturally there was no Dapeng to attack them. On the morning of the fourth day, the Blood Killing Sect's army gathered together, and then drove straight forward. This time they After advancing a thousand miles at a time, it took another five hours to build their war plant fortress. Then they waited quietly, wanting to see what the Dapeng would do this time. Several.

An hour later, four little dots appeared on the Blood Killing Sect's radar. Looking at the four little dots on the radar, Wen Wenhai's face was solemn. He said in a deep voice: "Four, as expected, There are four. If eight appear next time, then our guess is completely certain. The number of Dapeng we will face in the end must be very large. I really don’t know what these Dapeng are. The ones we got out are actually so powerful and there are so many of them.”

Zhu Yong's face was also solemn, and he said solemnly: "The young master said before that there is a master in the Garuda Realm, and he is much stronger than the masters in the Asura Realm. I really am I don’t understand why the great master who refined these interfaces had to create so many masters. Can his disciples really defeat those masters, after all these considerations? If they really If he can pass those considerations, he is probably strong enough to create his own inner space, right? Will he still be his disciple? I really don't understand."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "There must be the reason for the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. It is the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan that strengthens the combat effectiveness of those big rocs and the combat effectiveness of that master. That's why it is like this. Look at it this way Come on, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will be even more difficult to deal with."

Baiyan said solemnly: "I have also conducted research on the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and found that the curse power in the Shadow Clan's power of laws is actually very different from the curse power we have studied. , our curse power is actually a means of attack. Our curse hand has different directions. For example, a biological curse power. When this curse power is used on people, it is It allows people to have more life-giving power in their bodies, and having more of this kind of life-giving power is not necessarily a good thing. It will cause more unnecessary things to grow in people's bodies. These things are harmful to people. It is useless, only harmful, and people will die because of the growth of these things, but no matter what, it is a life force."

"But the curse power of Shadow Clan has no life force at all. All his attacks, all curses, and even all laws are all related to two emotions, that is, death and destruction. Everything he has is... It is related to these two situations, so if the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is really allowed to control the world of cultivation, then the world of cultivation will not get anything except death and destruction."

Wen Wenhai glanced at him and said in a deep voice: "We have known this for a long time. The sect leader discovered this when he first came into contact with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. From that time on, we They have regarded the power of Shadow Clan’s laws as our eternal enemy.”

Zhu Tong said in a deep voice: "I feel more and more now that what the young master said may be true. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws is definitely not simple, and what's behind it is even more not simple." Zhu Yong It did not say that Zhao Hai had previously guessed that there would be a person or an organization behind the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. This person or organization was meant to destroy the entire world of cultivation, and the guardian of the world of cultivation , may have disappeared.

When Zhao Hai first revealed this speculation, only he, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun knew about it. If he revealed it now, wouldn't everyone know about it? So he just said that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws was not simple, and he didn't make it too clear, but Wen Wenhai knew what he meant very clearly.

Wen Wenhai glanced at Zhu Yong, nodded and said: "That's all, no matter how many things there are, let's download these interfaces first. It's really strange to say that the settings of these interfaces are , it is obviously based on the Eight Heavenly Dragons, but I asked Fa Jing and found that there is no such thing as the Eight Heavenly Dragons in the upper world. The Eight Heavenly Dragons are only found in the lineage of Buddhism learned by the sect master. Yes, but the sect leader also made it clear that he was the only one to inherit the lineage of Buddhism he learned. So where did the great Buddhist master here know about the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon? And he also used him in it. In the construction of the space? This is too weird."

This is something that not only Wen Wenhai doesn’t understand, but everyone else doesn’t understand. The Eight Divisions of Heavenly Dragons are part of the Buddhist inheritance that Zhao Hai has studied. Fajing didn’t know about it before, but this is also the strange part. In fact, It makes people wonder where the great master of Wanshan Realm learned this kind of inheritance. It's so weird.

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "The sect master has thought about this problem a long time ago, but the sect master also said that we may not know until we knock down all eight interfaces. Before, there was only one guess. Come on, the front should be It’s time to fight. This time it’s the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect who are using the Rubik’s Cube Formation for the first time, so I don’t know what the result will be in the Dapeng battle.”

Several people also turned their attention to the projection, and the projection was also enlarged. They could completely see the fighting situation on the front line, and saw the four big rocs entering the Zhan Zhi fortress of the Blood Killing Sect. When they arrived, their speed suddenly slowed down. It was obvious that they were affected by the magic formations in Zhan Zhi Fortress.

The moment their speed slowed down, countless Babel vines stretched out from the woods. These Babel vines formed a large net and covered the four Dapeng. At the same time, they also flew from the woods. Several groups of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect emerged. These disciples of the Blood Killing Sect formed several large magic cube formations. Then, energy giant beasts appeared directly above these large magic cube formations. These energy giant beasts, He rushed towards those big rocs.

At this moment, the four big rocs were seen getting together. Then one of the big rocs opened his mouth and shot out a golden light from his mouth. This golden light directly covered the other three big rocs. On Peng's body, the three Dapeng directly entered the mouth of the Dapeng. Then the figure of the Dapeng quickly grew in size, and suddenly turned into a giant bird with a body length of one thousand meters and a wingspan of A huge roc measuring about three thousand meters.

Then the big roc flapped its wings and rushed forward. Countless energy beasts that rushed towards him were directly knocked away by him, and the large net composed of those Babel vines was instantly destroyed. He was torn apart, and even the Rubik's Cube formation formed by the disciples who had committed suicide was knocked open by him. Countless Blood Killing Sect disciples were blown away with broken bones and tendons, and it seemed that they would not survive.

Then there were two more flashes, and the big roc disappeared directly, leaving behind a messy Blood Killing Sect base. The magic circles in the base were of no use to this big roc, and even the gravity The magic circle was useless. The big roc seemed not to be affected at all. However, none of the masters in the Blood Killing Sect had time to take action. The speed of the big roc was really too fast.

It can be said that Wen Wenhai and the others watched this battle from beginning to end. They did not expect that this battle would end so quickly, and that the power of the roc would be so great. Until the roc disappeared, Only then did Wen Wenhai and the others react. Wen Wenhai looked at the chaotic Blood Killing Sect base and couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "I really didn't expect that it would be such a result. What do you think about such a result?" Do you want to say something?”

Zhu Yong and the others were silent for a while. After a while, they rolled their eyes and then said: "Defense, the defense of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is still too poor. Our external incarnations are actually combined with fantasy beasts, and even Our external incarnations can also transform into phantom beasts to help us fight. Then can we let our disciples directly enter the bodies of their phantom beasts during the battle? Not only can this Let their fantasy beasts grow bigger, increase their combat effectiveness, and also play a certain defensive role for our disciples. Even if they are hit by this roc, there is nothing to worry about. In addition, this The fighting power of Dapeng is really strong. What I am worried about now is that if other Dapeng are like this and rely on swallowing other Dapeng to strengthen themselves, or even if they swallow too many Dapeng, what will happen to them? What kind of consequences will it have? Will we create an extremely powerful roc?"

"Probably not." Zhu Yong said: "If those big rocs can really produce extremely powerful rocs, then there will not be only one powerful enemy in the Garuda Realm, that powerful roc. The enemy was discovered by the young master, which means that there is only one powerful enemy here. That enemy should be the king of this world. He will not allow the existence of a Dapeng that is stronger than him in this world. , if such a big roc really appears, his throne will not be guaranteed."

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded, but Wen Wenhai still spoke: "Even if there is no more Dapeng in this world that can compare with that strongest enemy, even if there is only this kind of Dapeng, it is enough for us. , the speed of this kind of Dapeng is really too fast, we must find a way to deal with them."

Zhu Yong and the others all nodded, and Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Is there anything you can do? From the current point of view, the effect of the gravity array on them does not seem to be very great, and these big rocs actually swallowed the fusion when they came up. , is there something wrong with this? Do they already know that the four Dapeng were destroyed by us last time? "

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "It is possible. Don't forget that we are here in the Garuda Realm. We destroyed those four great rocs. The other great rocs are likely to know about it, and I think that we The gravity array is not useless, but the current gravity array is too weak. We must make it more powerful and activate it faster so that Hall Master Hu and the others can work properly. After some research, it would be best to add the gravity array to the Babel Vine, what do you think?"