c7429 Exit

This time the overall training of the Blood Killing Sect has also brought another benefit, that is, the automatic management system of the Blood Killing Sect has really come into play. All major and minor matters of the Blood Killing Sect are now handled by the automatic management system. Managed, because Wen Wenhai and the others are also practicing and do not have much time to manage the affairs of the Blood Killing Sect, so now it can be said that all the affairs of the Blood Killing Sect are handed over to the automatic management system for management.

It was also the first time that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect discovered that the automatic management system was so easy to use. Whatever they should do, the automatic management system would be directly sent to their optical brains. As long as they did it , there is no need to hand in the task, as long as you confirm with your optical brain that you have indeed done this, then there will be no problem.

This also allowed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to truly accept this automatic management system. In the eyes of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, this automatic management system is much better than their previous management system, and with this automatic management After the system is established, they will know exactly how many contribution points they have and what these contribution points can be exchanged for. This is much better than before.

It is precisely because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have completely accepted this blood movement management system, so Wen Wenhai and the others are really relieved when they practice these days, and there are no troubles in the sect. The son came to disturb them, which made them all very happy.

Time passed bit by bit, and half a month passed in the blink of an eye. Wen Wenhai suddenly received a message that day. This message was sent to him by Hu Wei. There was only one message sent by Hu Wei to him, the improved version of Tongtian Vine, research If you succeed, the new Babel Vine will be more persistent. At the same time, this Babel Vine also has two abilities. One is that this Babel Vine has a gravity array. As long as it is hit by this Babel Vine, whether the Babel Vine is broken or not, Anyone who is hit will be given a layer of gravity. Even if the Babel Vine is broken, it will be attached to the enemy. The enemy will continue to be blessed with gravity, making his body become heavier and heavier. , the second is that the activity of Babel Vine has become stronger and the stickiness is stronger. Even if it is broken, it will stick to the enemy, and the vine will also entangle the enemy, just like a dog skin plaster.

Seeing this message, Wen Wenhai also showed a smile on his face, and then he immediately sent a letter to Hu Wei, asking Hu Wei and the others to produce this Babel Vine in large quantities, and then use this Babel Vine in blood. In the killing sect's base, all the Babel vines in the blood killing sect's base were replaced.

After replying to Hu Wei's letter, Wen Wenhai also paid attention to the current situation of the Blood Killing Sect. The training of the Blood Killing Sect's disciples is now going very smoothly. It can even be said that the training of those disciples has been completed and they can start directly. The war started, which made Wen Wenhai relieved.

Then Wen Wenhai paid attention to his training situation. These days, they had already mastered the method of merging the skill blessing method with the energy beast formation, and their strength had also improved to a certain extent. He felt that it was time to improve the The Garuda Realm is attacking. After all, they can't continue practicing like this, so it may not be a good thing for them.

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai immediately wrote to all the core elders, asking them to gather at the command hall. He also set off directly and went to the command hall. Wen Wenhai knew that they had to take down all these interfaces. Then they will have a period of time to practice with peace of mind. Before they have taken down all the Tianlongbabu interface, they will not have much time to rest.

Not long after Wen Wenhai arrived at the command hall, some core elders arrived one after another. Everyone said hello and sat down directly. For them, it was just a period of retreat. It was really It's not a big deal. Now they are strong enough, and the skills they practice can be almost automatically practiced, so they don't have to go into seclusion at every turn. If it was like before, they would go into seclusion for several months or even several days. Years and decades of things are not nothing. Now it is only half a month of retreat, which is really nothing.

After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai stood up, glanced at everyone, and said with a smile: "Everyone is here? This retreat seems to have a good effect, everyone is very energetic, but everyone knows, Now the Garuda Realm does not belong to us, and we cannot remain in seclusion. It is time to deal with the Garuda Realm. What do you think?" Wen Wenhai knows what these people think. In fact, they still want to retreat, but Now is really not the time to retreat.

No one had any opinions, and Gu Yuanzheng even said: "It's time to take action a long time ago. I had already thought of it five days ago to compete with those guys in the Garuda Realm, but at first glance, it seems that everyone is not interested. If you are willing to come out, I will not come out. I will deal with those guys in the Garuda Realm as soon as possible so that we can practice with peace of mind."

When everyone heard what he said, they all laughed, and Wen Wenhai also smiled and said: "I didn't expect that you are still impatient, Lao Gu. Anyway, I have called everyone here just for this matter. I paid attention. The training for the disciple position has also been completed, and it has been completed for a few days. They have been resting and recuperating in the past few days, and now they are almost resting. It is time to attack the Garuda Realm."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said: "Array boss, we are still going to be in trouble this time. We are going to sit down and make a battle plan. In three days, we will officially launch an attack on the Garuda Realm. Is there no problem?" Wen Wenhai I know that a battle plan must be prepared before the war. Although he said that the ancient expedition should have a certain degree of independent command ability, a battle plan is indispensable. A good battle plan is actually like a Identity guidelines are very important to a sect.

The leader of the formation responded without saying anything. Wen Wenhai continued: "After everyone returns, gather the disciples together and let them know that in three days, we will officially attack. Let them calm down and also Everyone is ready to fight. We cannot inform them today that they will fight tomorrow, then they are not prepared at all, which will cause some unexpected casualties."

Everyone nodded, of course they understood this. Before the battle, all disciples must be prepared. Otherwise, the disciples will not be ready, either mentally or physically. In this case Just fight, the consequences would be disastrous.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said: "Our current strength is much stronger than before. A few days ago, Lao Wen wrote to me. The strengthened magic circle has been completed. Hall Master Hu also wrote to me. The improved Tongtian Vine has also been It's ready and waiting for us to take it out and use it. These three days are also the preparation time I gave them. After three days, we will be almost ready and can start directly. Now everyone can go back. Remember, these three days are for everyone to prepare, don’t use them all on training.”

Everyone responded, stood up with blank eyes, and said: "Elder Wen, actually there is one thing I don't quite understand. Why haven't those big rocs come to attack us in the past half month? Is it because they have been attacked? Is it affected by the power of law? Will the power of law of the Shadow Clan really be affected to this extent by the power of law in this layer of interface?"

When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned, but then they all fell into deep thought. Baiyan's words actually made sense. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws has always been very powerful, and its attack power is very strong. Is he really so willing to be affected by the power of the laws of this layer of interface? Not quite.

Wen Wenhai frowned and said: "I really can't think of anything about this matter now. After all, we know too little about this layer of interface, and to be honest, I think Tian Long Ba Bu The power of the basic laws of these interfaces is actually very strong. In the past, we also encountered many unreasonable things in other interfaces, and didn't we just get over it in the end? So now we think these are useless, wait until We’ll find out once we take down these interfaces.”

Everyone was right. They encountered many unreasonable things in other interfaces. The people in those interfaces clearly knew that they were here to conquer those interfaces. It was impossible for them to become friends and live in peace. , but still time and time again, like adding fuel to the fire, sending troops to attack them, giving them opportunities, allowing them to improve their combat effectiveness again and again, defeating them, and finally destroying them. Things like this are constantly happening on various interfaces. They are all happening, so it is not surprising to encounter some unreasonable things here in the Garuda Realm.

After thinking for a while, he felt that Wen Wenhai's words made sense. With their current strength, they really didn't have anything to fear. No matter what conspiracy the other party had, they didn't have to worry. After all, their strength was there. If the enemy Whatever plot he tried to use against them would probably not succeed. He was still very confident in their strength.

Wen Wenhai saw that no one else had anything to say, and then he continued: "Okay, if you don't say anything else, this matter is settled. In three days, we will attack the Garuda Realm with all our strength. , remember, the distance is set at one thousand miles at a time, I really want to see if the number of Dapeng that appears this time is eight."

Mr. Zhen nodded, Wen Wenhai waved his hand, and everyone stood up, turned and left. Gu Yuanzheng returned to his frontline headquarters and immediately issued orders one after another. The Blood Killing Sect disciples who were resting immediately finished their repairs and all arrived at Zhanzhi Fortress, ready to fight at any time.

The entire Blood Killing Sect seemed to have woken up from a deep sleep. Everyone moved and moved to their designated positions, ready to fight at any time. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already known this. Mentally prepared, even they can't wait, because only by fighting can they gain military exploits. With military exploits, they can get what they want, so they don't hate fighting, they like fighting.