c7420 Kunpengbian

Gu Yuanzheng also looked at the projection and saw the four big rocs entering the Zhanzhi Fortress of the Blood Killing Sect. He couldn't help but sneered and said: "Their speed has slowed down. It seems that there are more of them, and their courage is also reduced." They are getting bigger and are ready to attack us, but this time it will not be that easy. We want to keep them, Babel Vine, attack." Following his order, from the bloody Zhan Zhi Fortress , countless Babel vines flew up, and these Babel vines formed a big net, and then this big net covered the four big rocs.

The four Dapeng also saw this big net, but they had nothing to worry about. They flapped their wings and planned to fly over the big net. But at this moment, they suddenly discovered that layers of yellow halos flew out from the woods below, and those halos directly covered their bodies.

When the halo enveloped them, the four big rocs suddenly felt as if they were being pressed up by a mountain. The speed they were proud of could not be used. They The body that was about to fly high suddenly paused, and then fell down.

At this time, the big net had already been used as a hood, and at this time, layers of yellow halos continued to fall on the four Dapeng. After being stunned for a moment, the four Dapeng Then a trace of anger flashed across their eyes at the same time, and then the four Dapengs, almost in no particular order, opened their mouths at the same time. As their mouths opened, a golden light shot out from their mouths. , as soon as the golden light came into contact with the yellow halo, the yellow halo immediately dissipated.

But at this time, the big net has also been covered, directly covering the bodies of the four Dapeng. The golden light from the mouths of the four Dapeng has been shooting out, but the yellow halo on their bodies is still layer by layer. Although the speed of the halo was not as fast as the disappearing speed of the halo, the halo did delay the time for the four rocs to fly.

At this moment, countless disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already surrounding them from all directions. First of all, there was a team of Fusion Dharma Forms. Their team's magic circle had been set up. With the order of their leader, a mountain of corpses appeared. , suddenly appeared on the big net composed of Babel vines, and then smashed down hard.

A loud bang was heard, and the big net fell violently, and a miserable eagle cry came from the big net, but it was not over yet, and then another mountain of corpses crashed down, and The other Dharma Fusion teams are all standing by, ready to take action at any time. Beside these Dharma team, there were some elders of the Blood Killing Sect standing there. They all held weapons and looked at the big net with cold eyes.

At this moment, I saw a flash of golden light in the big net, and then heard a loud bang. The big net opened a big hole, and the mountain of corpses immediately dissipated. Then four figures emerged from the big net. From the big hole opened in the net, it flew out directly and soared into the sky very fast.

But at this moment, I heard a voice shouting: "A dragnet!" Following this voice, a big net covered the head like the four great rocs. One of the four great rocs, He opened his mouth and shot out a ray of golden light. The golden light shot directly onto the big net, and the big net dissipated instantly.

"Quicksand whirlpool! Weak water three thousand!" Then two more voices came. Following these two voices, a yellow vortex suddenly appeared around the four rocs. This vortex rotated at a speed of Very fast, almost in the blink of an eye, the four big rocs were covered in it, and the four big rocs in this vortex were like chickens falling into a tornado, and they couldn't help but remember. Followed by this vortex.

And outside this vortex, there is actually a layer of black water. This black water is like stagnant water. It stays there calmly, as if it has no impact on the vortex at all, and the rotation of that vortex The speed was also very slow, but the four Dapeng couldn't break free for a while.

At this moment, one of the four big rocs opened its mouth and spit out another golden light. The golden light directly hit the vortex. The vortex often paused and then disappeared. But after the vortex disappeared, the four big rocs found that they were still unable to move. Before, they seemed to have entered a tornado, but now, they seemed to have fallen into a quagmire, unable to move.

At this time, a voice from the Blood Killing Sect came and said: "The divine machine and Dharma can be used together. Quick, bless the divine machine and Dharma." As soon as they heard this voice, those who knew the divine machine and Dharma immediately started to move. A voice A voice came: "Fire is burning the sky!" Then another voice came: "Yinfeng Formation!"

"Ten Thousand Poisons Devouring Souls! Cloud-Piercing Arrows! Torrential Pear Blossoms!"... The magic spells were used one by one, and these spells were actually miraculously fused together. Seeing that the four big rocs had just broken apart Weak Shui Sanqian immediately fell into a raging fire. Then in the raging fire, bursts of sinister wind blew up. Then he saw countless poisonous insects, not afraid of the raging fire at all, heading straight towards the four big rocs. He rushed over and landed on them, biting them non-stop. Then a huge golden arrow flew from a distance and hit one of the big rocs directly. The big roc whined, Then it fell directly to the ground, but then there was a light spot, which shot straight towards the four big rocs, and all those light spots hit the four big rocs.

The figures of the four big rocs were all stunned, and then they let out a shrill cry, and they fell down. They were obviously seriously injured. Upon seeing this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but become excited. At this time, a voice came: "Don't take it lightly, continue to attack, Tongtian Vine, attack." Following his voice, countless The Babel Vine flew up at once and entangled the four big rocs.

But just when the sky-reaching vines were entangled with the four great rocs, the four great rocs suddenly folded their wings, and then their bodies changed. In the blink of an eye, they turned into four big fish. The big fish swung its tail and dodges very nimbly, escaping the attacks of those vines.

Such a change was beyond the expectations of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They never expected that these four big rocs would turn into four fishes. At this moment, the four fish tails swung again, and their bodies straightened. Dive downwards, and you are about to enter the Zhan Zhi Fortress of the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, a voice was heard saying: "Fire is burning the sky!" Following this voice, countless raging fires burned fiercely from the Zhan Zhi Fortress of the Blood Killing Sect, but the people in the Zhan Zhi Fortress Those plants were not affected in any way, but the four big fish seemed to be very afraid of the fire. They moved violently and went straight upstream.

"Dragnet!" Another voice came, and then a big net covered the four fishes. Just as the four fishes were about to hide, they heard another voice saying: "The goddess scatters flowers!" Then the four fishes were about to hide. With this sound, countless petals fell from the sky and fell directly. But when those petals fell on the four fish, all four fish showed great pain.

At this moment, one of the fish turned around and landed directly next to the other fish. Then he swallowed the fish in one bite. After swallowing the fish, his figure grew taller. It was much bigger, and then he swung his tail, swam towards another fish, and swallowed the other fish in one mouthful.

When the last fish saw this situation, I don’t know what he was thinking. He fell directly to the mouth of the fish that had become very huge. When the big fish opened its mouth, the fish turned directly to the mouth. He swam in, and the fish became even bigger.

The movement of the fish was really too fast. Just before the person from the Blood Killing Sect could react, he had already swallowed all the other three fish, and his body became extremely huge. Then he looked up to the sky and let out a loud sound. Roar, this roar was very loud, even louder than the dragon's roar, and then he moved forward and rushed forward.

Now this big fish has become a thousand meters long, and it is very fast. When it rushes, it is really powerful, as if a big mountain is hitting you head-on. Ordinary people , I am afraid that they cannot withstand such a blow. As long as they retreat, the big fish can escape and ascend to the sky.

But it is a pity that this big fish is facing the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect disciples will never retreat in such situations. One of the Blood Killing Sect disciples shouted loudly: "Metal wall!" Following his voice, countless molten metal suddenly emerged from his body. In an instant, the molten metal turned into a huge metal block five meters square, and the disciples around him also turned into Metal blocks, these metal blocks were directly stuck together and turned into a huge metal wall, blocking the giant fish.

A trace of ferocity flashed in the eyes of the giant fish, and it hit the metal wall. But at this moment, a voice was heard saying: "Arrow!" Following this voice, a huge An incomparable ice arrow shot straight from a distance. The speed of this arrow was very fast. As soon as the sound fell, the arrow had already shot in front of the giant fish. Then I saw this huge ice arrow that was more than ten meters long. , shot directly into the head of the giant fish.

I heard a hiss, and the ice arrow had already penetrated into the giant fish's head, but the fierce light in the giant fish's eyes had not dissipated, and it was still rushing forward, but soon the giant fish's eyes flashed After a moment of sluggishness, it finally turned into confusion, and then his eyes and ears disappeared completely. Then bursts of black smoke began to appear from the giant fish's body. Finally, the black smoke slowly disappeared, and finally disappeared completely, but nothing was left in the air.

Upon seeing this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could not help but be stunned while letting out a sigh of relief. They really did not expect that this seemingly domineering giant fish would actually leave nothing behind in the end.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.