c7431 law

Just as the big roc was falling, a cunning look flashed in his eyes. Then, as he was falling, his figure suddenly changed and turned into a big fish. This big fish was falling. When I went there, my body dived sharply, as if I jumped out of the water and then directly into the water, and dived directly into the woods.

But then the big fish suddenly jumped out of the woods, but when it jumped up, it was very weird, as if a fish jumped out of the water. It didn't fly straight upward, but diagonally. He jumped forward, and this time he went through a long distance again.

At this time, another force of gravity came, and the big fish dived downwards again. When it dived downwards, it was still diagonally downwards. At this time, it was on the path of the fish's dive. In the middle, countless pillars suddenly appeared. On these pillars were four metal giants. Each metal giant held a long knife in its hand. These long knives were waving constantly, adding The giant's rotation formed a sword formation at the location where the giant fell. It was still a sword formation without any gaps.

As soon as it saw the sword formation, the giant fish wanted to avoid it, but the sword formation appeared too fast, and the giant fish fell into the sword formation without giving the giant fish time to react. , a flash of sword light, followed by a flash of golden light, and a loud bang was heard, the sword array disappeared directly, and the giant fish emerged from the woods with its whole body injured, but At this moment, a golden long arrow shot directly at the giant, and shot directly into the giant's head. The giant fish screamed, turned into black smoke, and disappeared.

The situation of the other Dapeng was not much better. He did not turn into a giant fish and was still charging forward angrily. But just as he was rushing forward, countless fish suddenly appeared in front of them. The metal beads flew straight towards him. As soon as he saw those metal beads, the roc's expression changed. Then he opened his mouth and a golden light shot out. Those golden tail beads were swallowed by him directly. Entered into the stomach.

But just when those metal beads were about to enter his stomach, those metal beads suddenly exploded, and a loud bang was heard. The golden light was directly broken, and the Dapeng It seemed that he was also affected, and his head was raised high, as if someone had hit him head on and punched him hard.

Just when Dapeng was still dizzy, he saw a flash of sword light. The next moment, Dapeng's head was cut off by the sword light, and Dapeng turned into a black smoke and disappeared. , the entire Blood Killing Sect base became quiet in an instant, and at this time, the big roc was only about two thousand miles away from the Blood Killing Sect base. Such a distance, for that big roc It really doesn't matter, but they fell here.

As soon as he saw that the two great rocs had been eliminated, Gu Yuanzheng breathed a sigh of relief. The combination of these two great rocs was really good, and they almost made it through the Blood Killing Sect. Fortunately, they were all eliminated, otherwise, it would affect the next operation.

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at the projection, and then said in a deep voice: "Clean the battlefield and restore the destroyed war plants. All disciples will enter the Optimus Tree War Fortress to rest and wait for orders." After saying that, he moved and directly After disappearing into the room, the staff officers didn't say anything and went directly to make arrangements. They all knew that Gu Yuanzheng was going to see Wen Wenhai and the others.

When Gu Yuanzheng arrived at the command hall, he saw Wen Wenhai looking at the projection, his face solemn. Zhu Yong saw Gu Yuanzheng first. He smiled at Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Old Gu, you did a great job, just put those The guy was killed, well done." Speaking of which, the relationship between Zhu Yong and Gu Yuanzheng may be better, because they are all servants of Zhao Hai, and they are closer than others, but usually they are not It will show.

Wen Wenhai also heard the sound at this time. He turned around and saw Gu Yuanzheng. He couldn't help but smile slightly, then waved to Gu Yuanzheng, and then said: "Old Gu, this time, didn't you expect that? , those Dapeng simply don’t want to fight with us, they just want to pass through our territory?”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and took a long breath and said: "Yeah, I'm so surprised. I really didn't expect that they wanted to rush over directly. Fortunately, I reacted quickly and used various means to stop them. Otherwise, they would really have run away. In fact, what surprised me the most was that these Dapengs actually merged together directly. Judging from the shapes of these two Dapengs, they must be four ordinary Dapengs. The Dapeng fused together to become something I didn’t expect.”

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "It's not just you, I didn't expect it either. It seems that every time we fight against each other here, the other side will know what kind of methods we use, and the other side also knows everything. This time they thought They had a way to deal with our repulsion and gravity conversion, which was to use the diving method, but it was broken by us. I don’t know what kind of methods they will use next time.”

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Judging from the situation this time, the other party may only be able to fuse four Dapeng, but this is just a conjecture of ours. Whether this is the case or not, it's really hard to say. But I think it’s better for us to be careful. If the opponent can really fuse more Dapeng, then their strength will be stronger, and by then they will be even more difficult to deal with.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, but then he breathed a sigh of relief and said: "Actually, there is nothing to worry about. I have already transferred all the Necromancer Team and Cavalry Team. You should also know that the Necromancer Team and Cavalry Team are already there." They all have a fusion Dharma team with a team of ten thousand people. If the other party really comes up with a stronger master, then we will let them deal with it. After all, even our current team of a thousand people may not be the same. Our opponent, after all, we are at home.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "I paid attention today. The golden light in the mouths of those big rocs can only be emitted four to five times, and it can no longer be emitted, and even if it can emit four times to Five times, they were only the strongest in the first three times, and they all became weaker in the subsequent times.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately became happy and said: "Really? That's really great. By the way, the last time I saw it, the big roc wanted to swallow it." Our Sky-Swallowing Net, but our Sky-Swallowing Net exploded directly, was it controlled by you? Is it because the golden light spitting out of their mouths became weaker? That's why it happened?"

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, I found that their golden light seemed to have weakened, so I tried it, but I didn't expect it to be successful. If they released the golden light for the first three times, we would have no way to control it. The Sky-Swallowing Network exploded. At that time, their golden light was very powerful, and we had no way to control the Sky-Swallowing Network."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, very good, hahahaha, I really didn't expect that we could deal with those Dapeng like this. You should have seen it. At the last moment, the Dapeng was... The beating was so severe that my neck was almost broken, hahahaha." Wen Wenhai saw it clearly. When the Sky-Swallowing Net finally exploded, Dapeng's neck suddenly lifted up, as if he was about to be hit. People interrupt.

Gu Yuanzheng, Zhu Yong, and the others also laughed. After a while, Wen Wenhai and the others stopped, and then Gu Yuanzheng said: "Although the golden light of those big rocs can only be used a few times, it is still very powerful. , especially the fused Dapeng, the golden light emitted from their mouths is much more powerful than the golden light emitted from the ordinary Dapeng's mouth. I saw with my own eyes that the Babel Vine wrapped around their bodies suddenly It was swallowed by them, we must pay attention to this."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said with a smile: "Although the golden light is very strong, our disciples will almost never directly fight with us, so it should be fine. And I found that using divine machine and magic to It seems to be more effective in dealing with those big rocs than using the Eight Forms of Blood War to deal with those big rocs."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "Yes, using the divine machine method to deal with those big rocs is indeed more powerful. There are too many changes in the divine machine method. This time to deal with the two big rocs, I used weak water. Three thousand, exposing pear blossoms and other dharma signs. These dharma signs are really very effective and directly force the Dapeng to use the golden light. If those Dapeng never used the golden light and did not use it until the end, then what? Really let them get away."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "It seems that in the future, I must let the disciple become a disciple and learn more about the divine machine and Dharma. However, I found that now, the disciple still does not seem to have the murderous aura, or the blood-killing fighting style. , integrated into the Divine Machine Dharma Form, the power of their Divine Machine Dharma Appearance is still a bit small."

"This is still inevitable. It is not that simple to fuse two completely different styles of Dharma. Even us, didn't we spend a lot of effort? So it is normal for them to have such a reaction. , take your time, it’s not a matter of urgency anyway." Zhu Yong said.

Gu Yuanzheng and the others nodded, Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "I'm not in a hurry, and don't rush those disciples. If they really make them go crazy, it will be bad, Lao Gu, you Let's go back and prepare. Three days later, when we attack, it's still a thousand miles away, but after three days, the number of Dapeng we face may be even greater."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "As many as possible, I'm still afraid that they won't succeed. Anyway, we will be able to discover them when they are still thousands of miles away from our Blood Killing Sect's base. This time, we didn't expect that they would just want to We have to rush over, otherwise we will start attacking them when they first enter the base. I still don’t believe that they can still rush to where they are today.”