c7433 remind

After a while, Gu Yuanzheng finally said: "Those Dapeng might really have this ability. If that is the case, the consequences will be really disastrous. We must kill those Dapeng as soon as possible." It was destroyed, but fortunately, the laws of the Shadow Clan here are completely disconnected from the laws of the outside world. Otherwise, the current laws of the Shadow Clan in the outside world would also know about the situation of our Blood Killing Sect. .”

Everyone nodded. At this moment, a voice came and said: "Don't worry, the laws of heaven and earth of the Shadow Clan will not know about our Blood Killing Sect, because those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not dead yet." The sound was very sudden, but as soon as they heard the sound, Wen Wenhai and the others knew who was coming.

At this time, they saw Zhao Hai coming in from outside. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect quickly stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai also nodded to them, then walked to the front, glanced at everyone, and then spoke. Said: "I know what everyone is worried about, but I can tell you for sure that our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not dead. Of course, although they are not dead this time, they have lost three lives at once. One is their body. Already dead, the second is that their undead bodies are also dead, and the third is that their life seed bodies are also dead, but their external incarnations have retained their lives, and they The energy incarnation of this life has also been preserved."

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. Zhao Hai glanced at them and then said: "It is precisely because of this that although they lost three lives, they are actually still alive, but now they are imprisoned. They are somewhere, so they can’t get out at all. It’s precisely because of this that the Dapeng can’t understand all their memories, but I think those Dapeng will also get a lot of things, for example, they will know our blood They will also know the existence of life seeds through some of the killing sect's training techniques, so you must be more careful when dealing with them in the future."

Everyone responded in unison, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "You have done a good job now, but as Zhu Yong said before, everyone still thinks a little less, I can now I feel that those disciples are still alive, so I believe they will not expose the secret of our Blood Killing Sect, but what about next time? What if someone can break our incarnation next time? What if someone really can, How about completely killing our Blood Killing Sect disciples? Then will he get the secrets of our Blood Killing Sect from our Blood Killing Sect disciples? So everyone must take this as a warning and must not Something similar happened.”

Everyone responded in unison. Zhao Hai glanced at them and said in a deep voice: "Okay, that's all I have to say. I won't say anything more. Don't disrupt our pace just because of this matter. Next, Just do whatever you have to do, I can feel that those disciples are fine now, as long as we defeat those Dapeng, we can rescue them."

Everyone responded in unison, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Come on, let's talk about it, what do you plan to do next?" Zhao Hai's words stopped everyone. Everyone was still worried about the swallowed disciples revealing the secrets of the blood-killing sect. Now they were relieved. Zhao Hai asked them what their next plans were. They really didn't react at all. .

After a while, Bai Yan said: "I think we can just move forward step by step according to the current method. Although this time we dealt with those Dapeng, we were able to deal with them so easily. It's a bit of a fluke, but our overall strength is stronger than those Dapeng, so I think we don't need to make too many changes now, and we can just continue attacking like we are now."

When everyone heard what he said, they nodded unconsciously, but at this time Gu Yuanzheng said: "I think we should be a little more careful. For example, we must be a little more careful. If the enemy really After learning our training methods, we may make some arrangements for us. For example, if the enemy knows our method of refining life seeds, they may also come up with similar things. If they also have a few lives, then we will It’s harder to deal with.”

When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned for a moment, and then they all nodded. It was possible. Although the laws of the Shadow Clan world here are not the complete laws of the Shadow Clan world, the laws of the Shadow Clan world They still have the ability to follow the laws, and the Shadow Clan’s laws of heaven and earth are alive and can learn many things. With the ability of the laws of heaven and earth, if you want to learn how to refine life seeds, it is really easy. .

If the enemy really learns this method and saves a few lives, it will be even more difficult to deal with them. This is something that must be guarded against. Another thing is that the skills reveal things. The skills are different from the memory. As long as the disciple is not dead, the other party cannot get his memory. But the skills are different. The skills have to run in their bodies. So it is very possible that those big rocs will know that technique.

If they really made some arrangements for the Blood Killing Sect's skills, it would really be a problem, and they would have to guard against it. When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai's face couldn't help but become a little solemn, and he turned to look The elder of the formation said in a deep voice: "The elder of the formation, this matter is left to you. People in your staff department should think carefully about how to deal with this situation. After everyone else returns, they must remind the disciples below. , the enemy may have more than one life, don’t think that just killing the enemy will be fine, you must be careful and don’t take it lightly.”

Everyone agreed in unison, this matter is indeed very important. If the disciples really suffer a loss because they don't know about this matter, then they really can't afford to go around in circles, so All disciples must be notified of this matter immediately so that they can prepare in advance.

When Wen Wenhai saw the faces of everyone, he didn't say anything. Instead, he turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, "Boss, do you have any other orders?" Wen Wenhai and Zhao Hai had a very good relationship, and the entire Blood Killing Sect Here, I am afraid that he is the only one who dares to tell Zhao Hai a joke like this. This is equivalent to telling Zhao Hai, do you have anything else? If nothing happens, let everyone go. If anyone dared to talk to the sect leader like this in an ordinary place, they would be shot to death in minutes, but here in the Blood Killing Sect, this will not happen. This situation, because Zhao Hai will not be angry because of this matter, but only Wen Wenhai dares to talk to Zhao Hai like this, others do not have such courage.

Zhao Hai shook his head, glanced at everyone and said: "I have nothing to do, I told you before, I won't care too much about the things here, you just go and do it, okay, let's go and get busy. "Everyone responded in unison, then stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, then turned around and left.

After everyone left, Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai who was still standing there and said with a smile: "Wen Hai, you have done a very good job. Work hard. Now you are really looking like a general. Okay, I Let's go." After saying that, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared into the room.

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile bitterly. He knew the purpose of Zhao Hai's appearance. Zhao Hai's appearance was to remind them not to worry about those disciples who were swallowed up. They were fine now, and to tell Wen Wenhai. , now the Shadow Clan’s Law Power doesn’t know the details of the Blood Killing Sect, so there’s no need to be so nervous.

The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to give such a reminder was to prevent Wen Wenhai and the others from taking the wrong path. If Wen Wenhai and the others were worried that those Dapeng would tell others the secrets of the Blood Killing Sect, they might speed up. With the speed of the attack, there will inevitably be some omissions. By that time, the casualties of the Blood Killing Sect may be even greater, so Zhao Hai came to remind them.

Wen Wenhai knew that Zhao Hai did not mean to blame them, but he also knew very well that what happened this time was indeed their fault. They did not expect that those Dapeng swallowed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect not just to kill them. They may also know the secrets of the Blood Killing Sect through the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This really reminds them that they should pay more attention to this aspect in the future.

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai let out a long breath and turned back to his room. He had a lot of things to deal with now. The Blood Killing Sect will next attack the Garuda Realm, and next time they will The number of Dapeng we face will only increase. The most important thing is, we don’t know whether those Dapeng will mutate. If those Dapeng really have several lives, it will be even more difficult for the Blood Killing Sect to deal with them. It's difficult.

After returning to the room, Wen Wenhai carefully studied the map of the Garuda Realm. In fact, the area they occupied was not very large now. It was a long stretch of territory, with no hits on the east and west sides. There is naturally no connection between the north and south sides of the Garuda Realm, so now they only occupy a piece in the middle of this territory.

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai felt that they had to make some changes. They had to expand the base of the Blood Killing Sect. At least the east and west sides must reach the boundaries of the territory. Otherwise, the consequences would be disastrous. When he thought of this , Wen Wenhai immediately invited Zhu Tong, the others, and Mr. Zhen to his room.

Zhu Yong and the others came to Wen Wenhai's room with some confusion. After they all arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "I called you here today because I want to discuss with you, let's kill each other with blood. I want to hear everyone’s opinions on the direction of Zong’s attack.”

After saying that, Wen Wenhai took out a jade slip and input spiritual energy into it, and a three-dimensional land immediately appeared. What was displayed on this land was what the Blood Slaughter Sect base now looks like. Then Wen Wenhai pointed at the map and said : "This is the current base of our Blood Killing Sect. Everyone, please take a closer look and tell us what you think."