c7436 Unexpectedly (1)

Wen Yuming is really not happy recently. Although they are improving the external incarnations of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, their magic circle skills seem to be less valued. At least the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not So much attention is paid to it, and the strongest point of their Shenji Hall is the magic circle. If the magic circle is not taken seriously, then there is no need for their Shenji Hall to exist.

What makes Wen Yuming sad the most is that he has always been worried. What if the path to the magic circle really doesn't work? Doesn't that mean that he doesn't even have a chance to walk on the road to immortality? He is also the leader of a clan, and he is also a core elder of the Blood Killing Sect. He has his own pride. If he can only rely on Zhao Hai to lead him to immortality, it would be unreasonable. He still wants to rely on himself. His strength has reached the level of immortality, which means that he does not want to be the person who holds Zhao Hai back, but wants to be the person who pushes Zhao Hai forward.

However, he did not give up after hearing the name. He has been studying the magic circle because the exercises he practiced were related to the magic circle. Even if others did not study the magic circle, he still had to study the magic circle. Only in this way could he Only by making progress can he improve his strength.

Not only that, but all the disciples in the Shenji Hall are in a bad mood now, because after arriving in the Garuda Realm, although they can use the magic circle, the Five Elements Killing Formation and the protective magic circle they have arranged are all It failed to block those big rocs, so now there is no protective magic circle in the Blood Killing Sect's base. This also shows from another side that the magic circle technique seems to be becoming more and more useless, and it is precisely because of this , so the disciples of Shenji Hall are a little depressed. They feel that they are being taken less and less seriously.

At this time, Wen Yuming suddenly received a message from Wen Wenhai, asking him to go to the meeting immediately. Wen Yuming was stunned and didn't know why Wen Wenhai was looking for him, but he went over immediately, although he was also qualified Participate in combat meetings, but he has not participated in combat meetings for a while, because he wants to devote more time to the research of magic circles. He is very clear that the only way to develop better magic circles is to , only then will their Shenjitang be taken seriously.

When Wen Yuming arrived at the command hall, he found that there were not many people in the command hall. There were only Wen Wenhai and Zhu Yong. Wen Yuming looked at them with some confusion and said, "Why are there only a few of you?" ?I thought it was a conference, what’s wrong? You specially called me here, but what’s the matter? "

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Of course something happened, and it's a big deal. Lao Wen, I called you here because I want you to set up a magic circle in our Blood Killing Sect's base. It’s a phantom killing formation, and there are some more traps, is there any problem?”

Wen Yuming was stunned for a moment, then he immediately shook his head and said: "No problem, isn't it just a phantom killing formation? That is a large formation that our Blood Killing Sect is very good at, and it is very powerful." Wen Yuming Of course you know about the Phantom Killing Formation. The Phantom Killing Formation is different from the Mountain Protecting Formation. The Blood Killing Sect’s Mountain Protecting Formation usually blocks the enemy from their mountain gate, so their Mountain Protecting Formation generally It's like a protective array or a five-element killing array that can keep enemies out.

But the phantom killing formation is different. The phantom killing formation is a kind of formation that mainly kills. The enemy must be allowed to enter the formation before this formation can exert its power. Therefore, in the past, the Blood Killing Sect still had He knows how to use this kind of formation, but now, the Blood Killing Sect rarely uses this kind of formation.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Now you have seen the strength of those Dapeng. Those guys are very powerful, and they can ignore our defensive formation and rush directly into our base. What I mean is That is, in our base, set up a phantom killing array, and we will kill every one that comes, and we must not let any one go, because after these few battles, you should also find that if we don't kill those big rocs, If we kill them, those rocs will move together with the rocs behind them, and we will have to face more and more rocs, so if we can eliminate one, we will eliminate one, and we must not let it go."

Wen Yuming also understood what Wen Wenhai meant, and he said in a deep voice: "We are also studying those Dapeng. The golden light in the mouth of those Dapeng is very domineering, but the number of times it can be used is limited, but we now have a speculation. If those Dapeng only use the golden light three times, their recovery speed should be very fast, but if they use the golden light five times at one time, it will take a long time for them to recover, so we must You have to be careful, we haven't been able to analyze the ability of that metal yet, but consuming their golden light is necessary, and that's probably what you mean."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, just for this, we have now thought of several ways to consume the golden light of those big rocs before they enter our Blood Killing Sect's territory, but this Not yet, we have to think of some ways, so I think this is the way to go. In our Blood Killing Sect’s base, set up an extremely powerful phantom killing formation, so that when those big rocs enter our Blood Killing Sect’s base, When they are in the base, we can deal with them. By the way, you must also pay attention to one thing. This phantom killing formation must be upgradeable and expandable."

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "No problem, just leave it to us. I have to go back and prepare now. It will take a few days to set up this phantom killing formation. I'm leaving." When Wen Wenhai and the others spoke, they turned around and left, which stunned Wen Wenhai and the others.

Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming's appearance and couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Look, this family seems to be quite excited. Okay, this matter has been dealt with. Let's all go and have a rest. We'll wait until the next attack." I heard that they have set up the phantom killing formation, and let’s talk about it.” Everyone nodded, then gave Wen Wenheit a special salute, then turned and left.

In the following days, the Blood Killing Sect's base began to get busy. Wen Yuming led people in the Blood Killing Sect's base and began to arrange various spherical magic arrays, as well as sky-wide fires. launcher, the entire Shenji Hall seemed to have regained its vitality at once, and everyone was full of energy.

It took five days for the entire Blood Killing Sect base to be laid out by Wen Yuming and the others, and Wen Yuming also connected the main control system of the phantom killing formation to the Blood Killing Battle Fort. Here, let Wen Wenhai control it. Wen Wenhai can control when and what changes there are.

Wen Wenhai was also very happy about Wen Yuming's arrangement. He found that they still underestimated Shenji Hall. Shenji Hall had always been the most valued church in the Blood Killing Sect. It was indeed not a mess. It is said that the background is really very profound, and the arrangement this time alone is already surprising.

After Wen Yuming and their arrangements were completed, Wen Wenhai directly ordered Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan to attack. Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan were not polite at all, and directly pushed forward a thousand miles to the left and right at once. , this time it took five hours, because they had to set up some magic circles in the base, which took a long time.

An hour or so after they had just set up the base, the Golden-winged Rocs came. The number of Golden-winged Rocs this time had not changed much. They were still sixteen, and the Blood Killing Sect was also the same as before. They have discussed a way to deal with those golden-winged rocs.

After the radar discovered the Golden-winged Dapeng, it directly locked them with Mantianhuo, and then Mantianhuo directly launched an attack. Those Golden-winged Dapeng may have never encountered an attack from Mantianhuo, so They didn't know how powerful the fire from the sky was, so when the sky was filled with fire from the sky and fell down on them, those big rocs were instantly blinded.

When all the Skyfires exploded, the golden-winged rocs didn't even have time to emit golden light, and they were all killed. The thirty-two Skyfires were all killed at once. Such a result , was something that no one expected. Even Wen Wenhai was stunned when he knew such a result. He never thought that such a situation would happen.

They have not used Mantianhuo for a long time. They are useless in the Yaksha Realm. They are even more useless in the Asura Realm, so they have almost forgotten Mantianhuo. They did not expect this time When I took it out, the effect was so good that it killed those big rocs directly.

Faced with this situation, Wen Wenhai and the others really didn't know what to say. In the end, Wen Wenhai called Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan to the command hall, and also called Wen Yuming over. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at the people and said, "I really didn't expect this action to have such a result. Lao Wen, do you also know what happened?"

Wen Yuming also smiled bitterly. Of course he knew, because he wanted to see if the phantom killing formation worked, so this time he paid great attention to the situation on the front line and was always paying attention to the situation on the front line. As a result, those big rocs were blown up by fire all over the sky as soon as they appeared, which really made him feel dumbfounded.

Wen Wenhai looked at Wen Yuming and smiled impatiently, and then said: "To be honest, I didn't expect such a result. The power of the fire in the sky would be so great, but I I think next time Mantianhuo will not exert such great power, because those big rocs will not be defenseless."

Several people nodded. They all agreed with Wen Wenhai's words. The other party was not a fool. Those Dapeng obviously knew what kind of attack they encountered last time and would make some targeted changes next time. They didn't expect it at all one time, so they naturally didn't make any preparations. They will definitely make some preparations next time. If this is really the case, then Mantianhuo will not be able to exert such great power next time. , which is also very normal.