c7430 two

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was all ready. The battle plan of the leader was also prepared and delivered to Wen Wenhai. After reading it, Wen Wenhai also gave it to the others. After the elders saw it and had no objections, they followed the battle plan.

Gu Yuanzheng is still the frontline commander, and all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are ready. However, there are only a hundred squads of disciples coming out now. In Wen Wenhai's view, the current one hundred squads are enough to deal with Jia. The situation here in Louluo Realm means there is no need to call too many people over.

On the morning of the fourth day, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect got up early. They didn’t have to worry about enemies attacking them now, because the previous enemies had been eliminated by them. Now they could expand with confidence. Only in After expanding a thousand miles, they would encounter enemies.

Gu Yuanzheng was not polite. After all the disciples were ready, he directly gave the order for those disciples to start the attack. In fact, it could not be regarded as an attack, it could only be regarded as expansion, because they would not encounter them during the expansion process. It belongs to the enemy, so it cannot be considered an attack.

After receiving the order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately began to expand. Their expansion speed was actually very fast, and it was very obvious. Rows of big trees were seen growing up. These big trees were blood As long as there is a sign of the expansion of the Killing Sect, where a big tree has grown, it is the territory of the Blood Killing Sect.

A thousand miles is really nothing to the current Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can still fly very fast, not to mention that they still have more than six hours of preparation time. As long as they fly at night In the blink of an eye, they expanded a thousand miles, and they could easily face the attack of the Garuda clan.

Time passed little by little. After four hours of expansion, the territory of a thousand miles had been captured by the Blood Killing Sect. Their expansion speed was very fast and stable, so they won The territory has all turned into a forest, and the forest is full of magic circles, which can be used to fight the enemy at any time.

However, they did not expand too much, one thousand miles at a time. After a thousand miles, they stopped, began to rest, and quietly waited for the enemy to arrive. This time they just wanted to see if they would come. There are a few enemies, but they believe that there will not be too many enemies coming.

Time passed little by little, and another two hours passed. It was already past the Shen hour. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all concentrated. They knew that the enemy was coming soon. Sure enough, another quarter of an hour passed. From the left and right, Gu Yuanzheng saw two small dots immediately displayed on their radar screen. These two small dots were flying quickly towards the territory of the Blood Killing Sect.

But when he saw these two little dots, Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment. Then he frowned and said, "Two big rocs? Isn't this right? Why are there fewer people than before?" Wen Wenhai really is. He was very surprised. He never thought about why the enemy only sent two Dapeng this time. There was something really wrong. Ordinarily, the number of Dapeng sent this time could not be two, if not eight. Just.

Zhu Yong said: "Is it possible that they have been fused in advance? We will know after a while when we get closer and look at their body shapes. If they were fused in advance, then it is correct that only two will appear. But if it is true, If that's the case, it's easy to explain, because it means that the enemy can only fuse four Dapeng at one time."

Hearing what Zhu Yong said, Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately realized that yes, the enemy can indeed fuse in advance, but he also frowned and said: "If the enemy fuses in advance, Then there is only one explanation. The enemy does know that from our previous battles, they know that if they do not fuse in advance, they will not be our opponents at all, so they fuse in advance. In this way, we will To deal with them, you need to be even more careful.”

Everyone was stunned, but then they all nodded. In the past, the enemy would not fuse before fighting with them. When fighting with them, they would only fuse when they found that they were not their opponents. Now if the enemy really does it in advance, If they are fused, it can only mean that the enemy knows their combat effectiveness, knows the previous battles between the big rocs and them, and knows that they are not their opponent without fusion, so they fuse directly and then fly over to deal with them.

If the other party really knows what their previous battle was like, it will not be so easy to deal with those Dapeng in the future, because the Dapeng that appears later will know what methods they used, and of course they will make Some precautions, in that case, it will be more difficult to deal with.

Not only Wen Wenhai and the others, Gu Yuanzheng and the others were also looking at the screen. Their thoughts were the same as Wen Wenhai and the others. So when Gu Yuanzheng saw that there were only two enemies this time, he was not happy. On the contrary, His face slowly became serious, and then he said: "Give the order and let everyone be prepared. The enemy coming this time may be very strong." Immediately, a staff officer responded, and then directly I went to deliver the order.

After a while, the two big rocs had flown outside the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and their speed had also slowed down. Gu Yuanzheng and the others could also see clearly the shapes of the two big rocs. These two big rocs were the same as those they had encountered before. They are the same as the other Dapengs we have visited, but there is a big difference in body shape. The two Dapengs are as big as the four Dapengs fused together, and much larger than the Dapeng without the fusion.

Upon seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng breathed a sigh of relief, and then said: "Let all disciples pay attention. These Dapeng are all fused Dapeng, and at least four Dapeng fused Dapeng." , so be sure to pay more attention, they will cooperate." The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order.

At this time, the two big rocs also took action, but their actions were beyond Gu Yuanzheng's expectations. They did not spit out golden light directly from their mouths to attack the Zhan Zhi Fortress of the Blood Killing Sect, but instead attacked the Blood Killing Sect's Zhanzhi Fortress. Outside the base of the Killing Sect, Chang paused for a moment, then flapped his wings and rushed forward quickly, seemingly trying to pass through the territory of the Killing Sect at the fastest speed.

Upon seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng was startled for a moment, and then immediately said loudly: "Stop them, we must not let them escape." Following his voice, the magic circle in the Blood Killing Sect's Zhanzhi Fortress was activated with all its strength. , countless gravity formations directly covered the two big rocs.

But the two big rocs were obviously ready to rush out, so they were still flapping their wings with all their strength, very fast, but at this moment, a row of vines appeared in front of them. These vines A large net was formed, covering the two big rocs.

The two big rocs didn't care so much, they rushed towards the big net and hit the vines. They thought that they could easily break through the big net, but they didn't expect that the big net was much tougher than they thought. They saw that the big net deformed slightly, but it did not break immediately. They again After flapping their wings hard, the big net was broken by them.

But even though they broke the big net, the vines, like tape, directly stuck to their bodies, and then the vines seemed to come alive and wrapped around their bodies. At the same time, they He also felt that his body seemed to have been added with several layers of gravity arrays, and his body suddenly became much heavier.

The two big rocs immediately knew that there must be something evil in the vines wrapped around them. The two big rocs turned their heads almost at the same time, and golden light shot out from their mouths at the same time. This golden light rubbed the two big rocs behind them. It passed, but it happened to hit those vines. After all, those vines had no roots, and they immediately became smaller, and then were swallowed into the belly by the golden light.

But at this moment, the two rocs felt that the surrounding air seemed to become as heavy as mercury. Every time they waved their wings, they felt extremely heavy. At the same time, every time they waved their wings, the distance they moved forward decreased. It also became a lot smaller, which made them understand that they must have fallen into each other's trap.

The two big rocs opened their big mouths almost at the same time, and a golden light shot out from their mouths. As soon as the golden light shot out, a "pop" sound was heard, as if something was punctured. , they felt their bodies loosen up, and the two rocs flapped their wings almost at the same time, trying to run away.

But at this moment, a dazzling light shone directly towards their two great rocs. This light was very dazzling, and at the same time, the two great rocs felt a very strong and sharp aura. The two Dapeng immediately knew that this light must be the enemy's attack method. Judging from the amount of this light, it would be very difficult for them to block it. No way, the two Dapeng opened their mouths at a time. , another golden light shot out.

The golden light collided with the white light and made a hissing sound. The sound was very strange and very low, but the sound fell clearly into the ears of the two big rocs. Pengdu was a little lucky. Fortunately, they used golden light to block the white light. Otherwise, the consequences would be unimaginable.

The white light came and went as fast as it came, disappearing in the blink of an eye. But at this moment, they saw several rivers of blood rushing towards them. A look of anger also flashed in the eyes of the two Dapeng. They did not expect that the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful, and one after another, they came too fast and seemed to be endless. Same.

At this time, one of the big rocs let out a long cry, and then he dived down, trying to enter the woods. However, a repulsive force immediately rose in the woods, and he was immediately killed. It pushed up, but the big roc did not panic, but took advantage of this repulsive force and rushed straight into the sky.

But at this moment, the repulsive force from the woods immediately turned into gravity. This gravity directly pressed on the body of the big roc. The rising figure of the big roc suddenly stopped, and then Falling down again.