c7434 battle formation

Several people all looked at the map, and they were a little confused at first. However, after a while, Zhu Yong discovered the problem first. He said solemnly: "Based on our past experience in other interfaces, every one of the Tianlong Babu The interface is actually rectangular, and the position where we usually appear should be about four-fifths of the back of the rectangle, and the position is relatively in the middle. If we attack to the left and right, we should be able to attack quickly. We can hit the edge of this layer of interface, and then we push back, so that we can occupy the entire second half of this interface, and then we concentrate our strength and push forward, while the center of the enemy, It is usually next to another space passage, and the other space passage is usually on this interface, about four-fifths of the way in front, so there is still a long distance to walk between us."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then pointed at the map and said: "Now our Blood Killing Sect's base is also rectangular, and according to past experience, the rectangle of our base and the rectangle of this interface, It’s the same, we didn’t hit the left and right sides to the edge of the interface, and we didn’t hit the edge of the interface later, so now we are surrounded by enemies on all sides, which is very disadvantageous for us.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, I think so too, that's why I asked you to come here just to discuss what we should do next. We should take down the left and right sides, and then After taking down the back, we should go all the way forward and go directly to the strongest person in the Garuda Realm to take care of him, and then we will be relaxed."

Upon hearing what Wen Wenhai said, Gu Yuanzheng said without even thinking: "Of course we need to take down the left and right sides first, and then take down the back to stabilize our own base. This is We kill the sect with blood, which is what we have always done. In this way, we have no worries. We only need to deal with the enemies in front. Otherwise, if the enemy suddenly attacks us from the left, right or from behind, it will be quite good. annoying."

The other people all nodded, rolled their eyes and said: "I think so too, let's solve the worries first, and then talk about other things. Although the big rocs here seem to be controlled by the power of the law here, Generally they will not attack our left and right sides, or attack us from behind, but if we really force into the core of this layer, then who knows what will happen, so I also think that we should solve it first Let’s talk about other things later.”

Several other people also nodded. Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, let's do this. The interfaces we attacked before were generally between 10,000 to 30,000 miles wide. Now we The width of the base is about five thousand miles. In other words, if we want to capture both the left and right sides, we may have to attack at least five thousand miles from both sides, and maybe even twenty-five thousand miles. What do you think about this?"

At this time, the leader of the battlefield said: "On the frontal battlefield, I think we can take a defensive position. Judging from the previous situation, they will not attack us. This way we can relax a little bit. Then we will attack both sides with all our strength." We are expanding, and we will attack the left and right sides at the same time. Anyway, we have enough manpower, so even if we only attack one thousand miles at a time, we should reach the edges of the left and right sides within a few times, and then we will concentrate our forces. , push it back, and also push it to the edge of the interface, and that's it."

Wen Wenhai turned to look at the others and said, "Do you have any opinions?" Those sitting here are all commanders, and their opinions are very important, so Wen Wenhai must know what their opinions are, and then Making a decision, that's why he asked.

Everyone shook their heads, and Gu Yuanzheng said: "I don't have any objections, but when we fought against those big rocs before, those big rocs would pass through our base twice a day, but they would always come from one place. direction, that is to say, they may be flying in circles in this interface, and we have only encountered a group of Dapeng before. If the Dapeng in this interface is like annual rings, one If we fly in a circle, we may still encounter attacks from those big rocs when we move to the left and right sides, and everyone must be mentally prepared for this."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "I also doubt this, so everyone should be more careful when advancing. Array boss, come up with a battle plan as soon as possible, and then we are ready to take action." Array boss After responding, Wen Wenhai looked at the others and said, "Okay, everyone, go back and get ready for action."

Everyone agreed, and then they all stood up, turned around and walked out. They had no objection to changing the direction of the attack this time, because they all knew that they must build the most solid rear base, otherwise they would Even if he fights with those big rocs, he will not feel at ease.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. The battle plan of the formation elders had been put out two days ago. However, Wen Wenhai paid great attention to it this time. He called all the core elders together and took a look at the formation. As for the old battle plan, some core elders didn't know until now that they had changed the direction of their attack, but they also understood what Wen Wenhai meant, so they didn't object.

Wen Wenhai and the others had seen Mr. Zhen’s battle plan and felt that there were a few things in it that were not very good, so they asked Mr. Zhen and the others to revise it. After Mr. Zhen and the others made the changes, they discussed it again and finally approved the plan. The plan was to divide them into two armies and attack the left and right sides of the base at the same time. The armies on each side could only advance a thousand miles at a time until they reached the edge of the interface. The frontline commander of the left army was Gu During the expedition, the frontline commander of the right army was Bai Yan, with Wen Wenhai in the middle.

After making the decision, it was time to wait for the attack. Now is the time to attack. The left and right armies attacked the left and right sides of the Garuda Realm at the same time, but they all knew very well that here in the Garuda Realm , they cannot encounter too many enemies at once, so their attack speed should not be too slow.

Sure enough, they advanced a thousand miles without encountering an enemy, neither on the left or right sides. This situation did not surprise Wen Wenhai and the others, and they did not let Gu Yuanzheng them. Instead of pushing forward, they were ordered to rest where they were, ready to fight at any time.

They all knew during the ancient expedition that the enemy sometimes appeared at a fixed time and at a fixed place. It only took more than three hours for them to advance a thousand miles. If the enemy had not arrived at this time, What happened? So they had to wait a while to determine whether there would really be no enemies attacking them.

In fact, what they thought was really right. At the time of Shenshi, enemies really appeared, and the number of enemies that appeared this time exceeded Gu Yuanzheng's imagination. Gu Yuanzheng and his side appeared in total. Wen Wenhai and the others found sixteen Dapengs, and they were all fused Dapengs. However, Baiyan and the others faced sixteen Dapengs, and they were all fused Dapengs. This made Wen Wenhai and the others They were all stunned.

Facing the attack of thirty-two Dapeng, Gu Yuanzheng and the others were not timid at all. In fact, they really were not timid at all. They did not have to be timid because their current strength was stronger than those Dapeng. , even if they face thirty-two Dapeng at the same time, they have nothing to worry about.

The attack on those big rocs was still the same as before. The first was the sonic attack, and the sonic attack was strengthened. However, the effect of this sonic attack was completely incomparable to the effect of the last sonic attack. When the sonic attack rushed in front of the Dapeng, faint black smoke immediately appeared from those Dapeng's bodies, which actually blocked all the sound waves.

Then those big rocs rushed straight towards the Blood Killing Sect's base. This time they didn't want to pass through the Blood Killing Sect's base, but planned to attack the Blood Killing Sect's base. Maybe thirty-two. The number of Dapeng made those Dapeng bolder, and they wanted to attack the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Naturally, Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan were not polite. The Blood Killing Sect Fusion Dharma Appearance Team immediately attacked. The giants stood up one by one. At the same time, the large net formed by the Tongtian Vine also covered the big rocs. Behind the big net, there are countless sky-swallowing nets, which also cover those big rocs.

But this time, those big rocs learned to be smart. They saw the big rocs suddenly changing their formation in the air and forming four rows. Then the four front rocs opened their mouths and shot out a red light, covering them directly. After grabbing those Babel vines, those Babel vines quickly became smaller and entered directly into their stomachs.

Then came the sky-swallowing nets. The four big rocs opened their mouths at once, and another golden light shot out, covering those sky-swallowing nets. Those sky-swallowing nets also entered the four big rocs. The sky-swallowing nets did not explode this time because the golden light in the Dapeng's mouth was still in its prime. During this period, there was no way for those sky-swallowing nets to explode.

At this time, rivers of blood rushed towards the big rocs, and the four leading big rocs opened their mouths at a time, and the golden light shot out, directly hitting the blood rivers. The blood rivers dissipated, and those Dapeng was completely fine. Then the four big rocs that had been flying in front suddenly froze, and the other three teams of rocs flew straight forward. The roc that was originally flying at the front was now at the back of the team.

Gu Yuanzheng, who had been watching the battle situation, immediately understood the plans of the great rocs. The great rocs wanted to use this teaming method to keep their golden light attacks at their strongest. In this way Their strongest golden light state can maintain at least twelve waves. If their golden light recovers quickly, then this state can be maintained for a longer time. This should be the method those Dapeng came up with to deal with them. .