c7438 flying sword

Wen Wenhai and the others, who had been paying attention to this situation, were all stunned, and then their heads were all covered with black lines. They never thought that those big rocs could break the sky full of fire so easily. , from this point of view, if they had not been unprepared for the first time, they probably would not have been extinguished by the sky full of fire as soon as they met.

But they soon discovered that they had indeed overthought it. How could the Mantianhuo be so weak? Although the golden light spitting out from the mouths of the big rocs was very powerful, they wanted to completely destroy the Mantianhuo. It's not that easy. The attack range of those golden lights is also limited, so although they spit out some Sky Fire, they directly smashed down more Sky Fire.

boom! There was a loud noise and the big rocs were immediately shrouded in various lights. When the light disappeared, Wen Wenhai and the others saw another situation. They saw four big rocs in the second row among the big rocs. Peng opened his mouth at the same time and spit out streams of black smoke. These black smoke finally combined and turned into a huge smoke shield. This smoke shield directly protected all the big rocs. inside so they don't have to worry about being attacked.

As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai immediately knew how those great rocs dealt with it. Those great rocs would first use golden light to swallow the fire-filled sky closest to them into their stomachs, and those far away from them would be swallowed into their stomachs. Although those sky-filled fires would do some damage to them, the damage would not be that great. They could block it with the black smoke.

And Wen Wenhai also noticed something, that is, when the big rocs were protecting them with black smoke, their bodies would not move. In other words, when they were using black smoke to protect themselves, they were Those who cannot fly forward are the same when attacking with golden light. Those big rocs cannot fly forward either.

At this time, the second batch of sky-filled fires had already hit the big rocs, but those big rocs shook their wings and flew straight towards the direction of the Blood Killing Sect. It was obvious that they wanted to use With his own speed, he could completely get rid of those sky-wide fires. When he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but reveal a sneer on his face.

If those Dapeng used this method before, they might not be attacked by the sky full of fire, but now that they are using this method, it is really useless, because the sky is full of fire from the Blood Killing Sect. Fire, after having the radar, some improvements have been made. They track according to the radar signs and then launch attacks. Therefore, it is absolutely impossible for those Dapeng to get rid of those sky-filled fires by speed. .

But when he thought of this, Wen Wenhai immediately thought of a problem. He found that with the ability to mark attacks, it seemed too wasteful for them to launch fire all over the sky on a large scale, because if they launched it on a large scale, These Sky-Fires, the power of those Sky-Fires, cannot be completely launched. Maybe if the Sky-Fire in front explodes, it will directly detonate the Sky-Fires behind, just like before, then the Sky-Fires behind will explode. The sky is full of fire, which is a waste.

But this is not the time to think about these things. Wen Wenhai knows very well that if it really comes down to it, the speed of Mantianhuo is really not as fast as these big rocs, so these big rocs must be allowed to Just slow down the speed. Before Wen Wenhai could give the order, he saw countless energy beasts rushing out of the Blood Killing Sect's base and rushing towards the big rocs.

Those Dapeng not only wanted to use their speed to avoid those sky-wide fires, but he also had another idea, which was to lure those sky-wide fires to the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. If those sky-wide fires could It would be even better if it exploded on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, because those Dapeng had already discovered that those sky-filled fire explosions did not seem to be controlled by humans.

However, before they arrived at the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, they saw countless energy beasts rushing towards them. These energy beasts were extremely huge and rushed towards them one by one. Although these energy beasts were In their opinion, the beasts are not very strong and they can easily deal with them, but it also takes time to deal with these energy beasts, and as long as they are blocked here, they will face attacks from the sky full of fire. .

But those energy beasts had already rushed over, and they had no choice but to meet the enemy. A sharp look flashed in the eyes of these big rocs, and then they rushed forward. They did not emit golden light, nor did they slow down. With such speed, he actually wanted to use his own body to directly knock all these energy beasts away. It seemed that these big rocs were really ruthless.

It's really like this. These Dapeng are indeed a little anxious, because these Dapeng have discovered that the sky-filled fire that allowed him to avoid did not explode, but chased them. In other words, if If they are really blocked, then they will be bombarded by fire from the sky.

But it's obvious that those Dapeng underestimated the power of those energy beasts. Those energy beasts were not the energy beasts created by the previous team of thousands, but the energy beasts created by the team of ten thousand people. The strength of these energy beasts is very powerful. , those big rocs collided head-on. Although the energy beasts disappeared, the big rocs were also hit and stopped.

And as soon as those big rocs stopped, countless sky-fires rushed towards them. Several big rocs immediately opened their mouths and swallowed the nearest sky-fires. Then some other Dapeng immediately spit out some black smoke and surrounded them.

After a loud noise, those sky-filled fires disappeared at once, but those great rocs used up the golden light again. Just when those great rocs removed the black smoke and were about to fly forward, countless energy beasts appeared at once. They rushed over. When they saw this situation, those Dapeng knew that they could not continue like this. If they continued like this, they would really not even be able to reach the other side's territory, and they would have to die here. , so several of the big rocs opened their mouths and spit out golden light at one time. This golden light directly hit the energy beasts. Those energy beasts disappeared in an instant, and then they flew straight forward. Go out a long way.

Just when they were still about a hundred miles away from the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, countless rays of light suddenly rose from the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. These lights gathered together and formed a long river, heading straight towards the big rocs. Rushing over, the Dapeng didn't know what the light was at first, but they soon learned that the light turned out to be flying swords, countless flying swords.

When they saw these flying swords, the Dapeng were all stunned, but they did not dare to underestimate them. They now knew that the things made by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, no matter what kind they were, were not that good. To deal with it, several of them immediately spit out golden light and rushed towards the flying swords.

But before the golden light hit the flying swords, countless sword qi suddenly flew out from those flying swords. These sword qi directly hit the golden light. The golden light disappeared, and the sword qi also disappeared. And those flying swords still slashed at those big rocs, and their speed didn't slow down at all.

The big rocs were taken aback, but they still fought hard. Several more rocs spit out golden light. They were now divided into four teams. They could spit out at least twelve rays without affecting their own strength. Golden light. But there is something special about these big rocs this time. The black smoke they spit out is actually the same as the golden light they spit out. In other words, the black smoke they spit out is also the same as the golden light. There was no any in the first three times. The problem is, after three times, it will affect their strength. If they vomit five times, it will take at least a few hours for them to recover, so they don't have many golden lights left to use now.

The golden light directly hit the flying swords of the Blood Killer Sect, and sword energy immediately emerged from those flying swords. However, this time because the flying swords were too close to Dapeng, the sword energy had not yet been released, and the golden light It had already covered the flying swords, and those flying swords entered directly into the bellies of those big rocs.

Although they only swallowed part of the flying swords, when they were given time to react, they flapped their wings and rushed forward, letting go of the flying swords and entering the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, but However, they did not relax. As soon as they entered the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, they immediately fluttered their wings and wanted to fly forward, wanting to escape from the Blood Killing Sect's territory as soon as possible. They now knew that they He is no match for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

But as soon as they entered the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, they suddenly discovered that they seemed to have arrived in the sea all at once. They were surrounded by water, and their bodies became heavier. These Dapeng were not in a hurry. , they knew that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had the ability to turn the surrounding air into water. This ability could indeed slow them down, so several Dapeng opened their mouths at a time and spit out golden light. They You know, the golden light can break through the sea water.

But this time they made some miscalculations. When the golden light in their mouths came into contact with the sea water, the sea water did disappear in the parts that were in contact, but the sea water was still there in the parts that were not in contact. It was not like before. Likewise, as soon as it encounters golden light, the sea water will completely disappear.

Just when these Dapeng were puzzled, they suddenly felt that there seemed to be countless sharp auras around them, stabbing at him. When they turned around, they saw countless flying swords in all directions, heading straight towards them. They stabbed over, and the aura on these flying swords was very powerful. It was obvious at a glance that they were not easy to mess with.

Several of these big rocs immediately spit out black smoke to protect them, but what surprised them was that those flying swords that looked extremely powerful disappeared as soon as they encountered their black smoke. It didn't even have any attack power at all. Just when the big rocs were surprised, the black smoke on their bodies had disappeared. Like the golden light, this black smoke also had a time limit when it appeared. Now When the time was up, the black smoke naturally disappeared, and just when the black smoke disappeared, they suddenly felt that their heads were dizzy...