c7435 Method

Upon seeing this situation, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but reveal a sneer on his face, and he said in a deep voice: "If you want to do this with me, okay, then I'll see if you are really that strong, pass the order , surrounded by four hundred people, Tongtian Vine launched an attack at once, and activated the gravity array at the same time." Immediately, a staff member responded and went to pass the order.

Following the command of the staff officer, the Blood Slaughter Sect base immediately began an all-out attack. The sky-reaching vines attacked the big rocs at once. At the same time, the gravity array in the Blood Slaughter Sect base also Changes have occurred, and their gravity is also changing, and it is changing irregularly.

Those rocs were obviously affected by some gravity formations, but they immediately began to change their formations. The rocs in the outstanding row at the back suddenly flew downwards and flew under the two rows of rocs in front. At the same time, they Waves of black mist also rose from his body, and when those black mist gravity formations changed, they also produced waves of fluctuations, as if they were offsetting the gravity emitted by the gravity formation.

Facing those Babel vines, the Dapeng also changed their fighting methods. They began to bite those Babel vines with their sharp beaks and claws, instead of using golden light to deal with those Babel vines. But as soon as they did this, they immediately discovered that those Babel vines were not so easy to deal with. Not only were those Babel vines very tough, but as long as they were entangled by them, they would be added to the gravity spell, making them feel very uncomfortable. .

The most important thing is that those big rocs actually have some sky-swallowing nets on their bodies. Once they are touched by those sky-swallowing nets, not only will the gravity spell be added to them, but most importantly, the sky-swallowing nets, It could actually absorb the energy in their bodies, which made those Dapeng even more uncomfortable.

This is not the most uncomfortable thing for those Dapeng. What makes them most uncomfortable is that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to attack them with all their strength. Rivers of blood rushed towards them, and from They attacked them from all directions. In this way, it was impossible for them to rely on the golden light emitted by the four big rocs to block all the blood river attacks. They could only emit more golden light, and in the blink of an eye , their golden light was exhausted, and then they had no choice but to fight hard.

In the end, even Dapeng was forced to turn into a big fish directly, but it was useless. They still couldn't escape the attack of the Blood Killer Sect. Just when they stopped emitting golden light, other attacks from the Blood Killer Sect also came, golden long arrows, attacks that slow them down, and a variety of other attacks.

In the end, all the sixteen Dapeng were eliminated. After all the Dapeng were eliminated, Gu Yuanzheng breathed a sigh of relief. Then he arranged for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to clean up the battlefield, and then went to see Wen Wenhai. , Wen Wenhai was at the command hall. When Gu Yuanzheng arrived, he found that Bai Yan had also arrived at the command hall.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw the two people coming, he smiled at them and said, "You guys are here. You did a good job this time. All thirty-two Dapeng were wiped out by you. Not bad. What do you think? Did you say that?" Wen Wenhai looked at the two of them and almost knew why they were here.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "I just want to talk about the battle formations formed by the Dapeng. Although the battle formations formed by the Dapeng are very simple, they are also very effective. Moreover, their number is too small now. If more of them come in the future, they will form a larger battle formation, and by that time, it will only become more troublesome."

Bai Yan also nodded and said: "Yes, and I also noticed that those big rocs all have a layer of black mist. That layer of black mist can block our sonic attacks, and it can also block our gravity attacks. We We must find a way to break through their layer of darkness."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Their layer of black mist should be the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. It is not easy to deal with this. We have been fighting the Shadow Clan for so long. You should also know how difficult it is to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan Law, but I have finally figured out a way. I have already mobilized the Buddhist disciples to go to the front line. When the time comes, they will attack those guys with Sanskrit sounds. I hope It can have some effect.”

Gu Yuanzheng and the others also nodded, and Wen Wenhai continued: "Actually, what I'm most worried about is their golden light. The attack power of that thing is really too powerful. We'd better have a way to deal with their golden light. Otherwise, the golden light will definitely give us a headache."

Baiyan said in a deep voice: "The golden light is indeed very domineering, as if it is a talent of theirs. We have never seen such an attack method before. To be honest, it is really a headache. That We still don’t know what the golden light is, so how can we crack it? Otherwise, we can only test it bit by bit through mutual attack experiments.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Now it seems that this is all we can do. Use various energies to attack and see what kind of energy the golden light reacts to. By the way, I think we are like I forgot one thing, one of our strongest attack methods in the past, we seem to have always forgotten it."

When Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan heard what he said, they were both stunned. They didn't know what he was referring to. Wen Wenhai looked at the two of them, smiled slightly, and said in a deep voice: "Have you forgotten Mantianhuo?" After speaking, Wen Wenhai looked at the two of them with a smile, wanting to see their reactions.

When the two heard what Wen Wenhai said, they were stunned at first, and then they all laughed. Yes, how could they forget about Man Tianhuo? Man Tianhuo's attack power was not weak at all. The reason why he didn't use Man Tianhuo before Sky Fire, because in the Asura Realm, Sky Fire cannot be used, so they really forgot about Sky Fire for a while. Now that Jing Wenhai said this, they thought Get up, they still have Mantianhuo as a big killer.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at Wen Wenhai and said: "But if we use Mantianhuo to deal with those big rocs, will it have a certain impact on our war plant fortress? You also know that Mantianhuo's attack does not discriminate between people. , they are a range attack, regardless of the enemy, they will all attack, we Blood Killing Sect disciples are not afraid, but those Zhan Zhi may be affected to a certain extent."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I know this too, but now that we have radar, we can attack those Dapeng with Skyfire before they enter our Blood Killing Sect's base. What do you think?" Obviously Wen Wenhai already has his own ideas about Man Tianhuo's use.

His eyes lit up, and he then said: "If that's really the case, it won't just be filled with fire. I think our energy beasts can also be used. Our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are forming After the Rubik's Cube Formation, instead of merging the energy beasts with their fusion method, let the energy beasts attack the big rocs first, so that they can be consumed before they enter the territory of our Blood Killing Sect. Lose some energy, and then wait until they enter our Blood Killing Sect's base, then it will be easier for us to deal with them."

"There is also the Babel Vine." Zhu Yong said at this time: "The length of the Babel Vine is there. We can let the Babel Vine attack those big rocs. Before they enter our base, we can attack them. They attack, expend a little more of their energy."

"Yes, Babel Vine can also be used." Wen Wenhai also thinks Zhu Yong's method is very good. Babel Vine is really a very good weapon for the Blood Killing Sect, and it is also very convenient to plant. It can almost They said they would get as much as they wanted, and they really had nothing to worry about.

"Actually, I think there were some problems with our initial thoughts. The defense line we initially deployed was the Five Elements Killing Formation and the Shielding Formation. However, the Five Elements Killing Formation was still small in area and not powerful at the time. Big, the same goes for the protective formation. After being broken by those big rocs, we haven't set up any magic formations, but I think there is one kind of magic formation that is the most terrifying, and that is the phantom killing formation." Baiyan said. road.

"The Phantom Killing Array is a type of array that our Blood Killing Sect has used a lot in the past. The power of this array is very huge. If the Phantom Killing Array is used, combined with the fusion attacks of our Blood Killing Sect disciples, So it's not easy to destroy those big rocs. Moreover, the array we arrange now is different from before. We now use a spherical array. As long as those rocs are destroyed, it won't be destroyed in one go. If the ball of the spherical magic circle is destroyed, then our magic circle will always be useful. Even if the enemy uses golden light to deal with the magic circle, I am afraid it will only make the place where the golden light shines lose its illusion effect. Wait then Once the golden light is eliminated, our illusory formation will be restored, and we can still deal with them then."

"The most important thing is that even if the phantom formation is not difficult to trap those big rocs, as long as it can waste their golden light, that is enough. The biggest role of the phantom formation is to make it difficult for the enemy to distinguish which one is True, which one is false, so that they don't know which of our attacks is real and which attack is fake." Bai Yan said with eyes shining.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Bai Yan said, their eyes lit up. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Yes, how could we forget all this? No wonder the boss reminded us before that we must not Forget about the things from the past, we must learn to use the things from the past, because the things we made before are not fake, they are all good things from our Blood Killing Sect, and they can be used of."

Gu Yuanzheng also said with bright eyes: "Yes, our Blood Killing Sect's magic circle is actually the strongest point of our Blood Killing Sect. It is still the case now. There are too many different magic circles. , adding various killing formations to the phantom killing formation, I don’t believe that those Dapeng will still mess with us, but we must ask Lao Wen to take action on this matter, I am afraid that no one else will. Such ability.”

Wen Wenhai laughed loudly and said: "This is not simple. I have heard that they have been a little depressed recently and feel that they are of no use. I will call him now. I believe he will be very happy. Hahahaha, that guy is awesome He is not an honest person, but he is very happy to fight."