c7439 Phantom Killing Array

The Dapeng recovered immediately. They immediately turned their heads and looked around, but suddenly found that they seemed to be in a forest. The trees in this forest were all very tall. They were just standing among these trees. In the middle position, looking down, they can also see the earth directly below. The woods are in mid-air, just like the woods of the Blood Killing Sect.

But these Dapeng clearly remembered that every time they flew, they seemed to be in the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect's base was a forest, but they were flying over the Blood Killing Sect's forest, not in the forest. In the woods, because being in the woods will affect their flight speed, but now they are in the woods.

Just when they felt strange, they suddenly felt that the trees around them seemed to be pressing towards them. The expressions of the big rocs changed, and then their bodies moved, their wings shook, and they rushed forward. I passed by, but at this moment, I saw that all the leaves on the trees fell down. These leaves did not fall very quickly, but slowly fell down, but there were too many leaves, so the rocs still did not hide. Gotta open.

Those Dapeng obviously knew very well that those leaves were definitely not easy to mess with, so a layer of black mist appeared on their bodies. But when those leaves fell on them, the black mist on their bodies was immediately cut off. A series of holes were made, and the leaves turned out to be sword energy.

The expressions of the other big rocs all changed. They suddenly flapped their wings and flew straight into the sky. But at this moment, they saw a big net, covering their heads, and the big rocs rushed forward with all their strength. , wanted to break through this big net, but when they saw the big net clearly, they suddenly discovered that this big net was not the big net made of vines as they imagined, but a big black net. But it was impossible for them to hide, and they were immediately covered by this big net.

This big net immediately covered their bodies. Just as this big net covered their bodies, they felt their bodies sinking, as if a big net was pressed against them. They waved continuously. The power of their wings was gone. Not to mention, they discovered that bursts of black smoke began to emit from the areas where they were covered by the large net. The large net actually had a strong corrosive effect.

The faces of these big rocs changed wildly, but black smoke was starting to emit from their bodies. They had no other choice. They could only continue to rush into the sky, trying to rush out of the woods and fly above the woods. See See what it looks like above the woods.

But it is a pity that the Blood Killing Sect did not give them this opportunity. They saw countless layers of big nets covering their heads. These big rocs didn't even have a place to hide, and were directly covered by these big nets. Then a Layers of large nets pressed down on their heads, and they felt the weight on their bodies getting heavier and heavier. In the end, they couldn't even fly.

There were more and more black smoke-emitting wounds on their bodies. Finally, when one of the large nets covered them, they felt as if they had been hit by countless big swords. Their bodies, It was immediately split into several pieces, and finally turned into black smoke and disappeared.

When those big rocs disappeared, Wen Wenhai and the others all let out a sigh of relief. Then Wen Wenhai turned to the old man Jiu Suan and said: "Elder Jiu Suan, you did a good job. You made them fictitious and real, so that they didn't even know what those were." The real ones, those are the virtual ones, good, very good.”

The old man Jiu Suan smiled slightly, and then said: "This is nothing. The enemies don't know that they are hit by the illusion array. It is not that easy to deal with these enemies. If they attack those big trees directly If they did, they might still be able to escape this disaster, but now, they have no such chance."

Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "You can withstand millions of elite soldiers with this one hand. That's all. Let's not talk about this anymore. Once these enemies are dealt with, we can attack at once. During this period, our disciples have been I rested and didn't participate in the battle much. I think we can let them continue fighting, and let them continue attacking tomorrow. I really want to see how wide this Garuda Realm is."

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "I think it's okay. Let them continue to attack, so that the enemy may not be able to react. They don't know that we are using an illusion array, so they will not be able to break our illusion in a short time." By using the formation method, we can take care of them."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, then it's settled. Elder Jiu Suan, I'll have to work hard for you for a while." Wen Wenhai also knew that the reason why he was able to deal with those big rocs so smoothly this time, all of them Because Elder Jiu Suan was very effective in commanding the phantom formation, if he had not commanded the phantom formation, it would not have been possible to wipe out all those big rocs, so we should really get to know him well, and the first success this time should be his.

The old man Jiu Suan smiled slightly and said: "You're welcome, Elder Wen. This is what I should do." Of course the old man Jiu Suan will not say anything. They are Zhao Hai's servants, so naturally they will not say anything. After those guys were taken care of, they were already very happy. They had only one loyal opponent, and that was Zhao Hai.

Wen Wenhai nodded at him, and then said directly: "Send a message to Elder Gu and Elder Bai, asking them to prepare for the attack tomorrow, and attack a thousand miles." Immediately, a staff member responded, In fact, it would be faster for Wen Wenhai and the others to directly send messages to Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan. Their external incarnations can turn into communication circles at any time. Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan can hear their words. But Wen Wenhai and the others did not do this, because it was not necessary. Even if they passed the order like this, they would not be much slower, and every order they gave would actually be recorded. When they discuss the war situation in the future, they will all It will be brought up for discussion, that's why Wen Wenhai did this.

In fact, even if they gave the wrong order, Zhao Hai would not blame them. Wen Wenhai and the others had discovered it a long time ago. Zhao Hai was still very tolerant towards them. As long as they did not betray Zhao Hai, then they would have committed something. Zhao Hai couldn't blame them for the mistake, but they would still do it because they were the ones who discussed the war situation in the end, and Zhao Hai would not participate.

Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan are actually very depressed now, because they did not expect that this time the battle was over without much participation, which made them feel very awkward. They used to be the main force in the battle, but now they have become It's just a spectator, except for the disciples releasing some flying swords and sword energy, they didn't have to do anything. Those big rocs were like fools, flying into the sky all the time, with a series of gravity arrays covering them. On their bodies, layers of Buddha's power covered their bodies, making their bodies become extremely heavy. The Buddha's power corroded their bodies with wounds, and black smoke came out. In the end, his head was covered by their sword energy net, and he was killed directly.

During the whole process, those Dapeng seemed to be stupid, they only knew how to fly upward, which made them really don't know what to say. But at the same time, they also realized that this phantom killing array was actually so powerful. Those big rocs were obviously caught in the phantom killing array and fell into some kind of illusion, so they were killed so easily. Killing, this really makes people speechless, people really don’t know what to say.

Now that they received Wen Wenhai's order, Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan couldn't help but be shocked. Then they immediately passed the order to the captains of the teams below. When the captains heard the order, they all cheered. , they were really very happy, because they did not expect that they would have a chance to fight tomorrow.

In this attack, not only Gu Yuanzheng and the others were depressed, but the captains were even more depressed. Although they had no casualties, they did not contribute much. If they did not contribute, they would not get much contribution points. This is for Their influence is very great.

Now the management of the Blood Killing Sect has completely become automated management. How many contribution points they can get depends entirely on their performance, and their performance will be recorded by their external incarnations, and then the sect leader will take care of it. The brain analyzes and then gives them contribution points based on their performance.

But in these two battles, they didn't perform much at all, and naturally they didn't have much to contribute. How could they not be depressed? They still wanted to fight the enemy like before, even if they had some There are casualties, but everyone who participates in the war will have contribution points to earn, and there are quite a lot of contribution points.

But they have no choice. After all, the enemy has been eliminated. What else can they do? Now that they heard that they can continue the attack tomorrow, they are of course very happy. One attack will not get many contribution points, but the attack The more times they participate, the more contribution points they get. This is called taking more often and taking less.

It is precisely because of this that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not feel war-weary due to continuous fighting, nor did they feel unhappy because they could not get contribution points. In the eyes of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, as they are now , you can’t put in too much effort, but you can still get contribution points, which is really not a good thing.

Gu Yuanzheng and the others also understood this situation, so they were not surprised at all by the reaction of these disciples. On the contrary, they were very happy. No matter what those disciples were like, as long as those disciples' emotions did not appear too big. fluctuations, as long as they can destroy the enemy, then the mission is completed. As for the method, they don't really care.

For people like Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan, they have now reached the point where they have no desires or desires, because they really have nothing to pursue. Their strength is there, and their status is there. It goes without saying that the sect will provide them with whatever supplies they want. In this case, what else can they ask for? They are very satisfied with their current life, and naturally they will not complain about anything.