c7437 Unexpectedly (2)

Wen Wenhai looked at a few people and said in a deep voice: "Of course that's not what I want to say. What I want to say is that we really ignored some of the things that our Blood Killing Sect has researched before. If nothing else, Even the big killer weapons like Mantianhuo have been almost forgotten by us, let alone other things."

Everyone nodded, Wen Yuming sighed softly and said: "It's actually our fault. We always wanted to move forward too quickly, so there were many things that we didn't fully study, so we just Moving forward, the sect master reminded us later, so we are now reorganizing and researching some of the things we have studied before. This is also the reason why our Shenji Hall has not produced new magic circles recently."

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "Okay, Lao Wen, you just need to understand this truth. I won't say much else. You can study it slowly, because now our Blood Killing Sect has many The things are enough for us, so there is no need to worry. If we, the Blood Killing Sect, want to go further, we must lay the foundation first and then talk about other things."

Several people all nodded, and Wen Yuming said: "Don't worry, we know what to do, let's talk about the next battle. Judging from the current situation, we still have to expand a few times to the left and right sides. Only once can we truly reach the edge of this layer of interface. In the next battle, if Man Tianhuo cannot exert his due power, then the second step is to use energy beasts to attack those big rocs. The energy beasts may not be able to control them. Are those big rocs going to be killed? So we have to use other methods."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "What method do you have? Tell me carefully." Wen Wenhai has no doubt at all about Wen Yuming's ability. Wen Yuming has always been a blood killer. The leader of Zong Shenji Hall, and under his leadership, Shenji Hall has become the number one hall of the Blood Killing Sect. From this point, we can know his ability.

Wen Yuming said in a deep voice: "Actually, you still have too little understanding of the phantom killing formation, so I think Elder Jiu Suan should come here to help you. He can put it all together, or It can be said separately that he can be in phantom killing or killing formation. When he is in phantom formation, his lethality is not very great, but if he is in killing formation, then his lethality is very huge. , and when he is in the killing array, he cannot deal with the enemies inside the array, but he can still deal with the enemies outside the array."

Wen Wenhai immediately understood what he meant. He looked at Wen Yuming and said, "What you mean is that in addition to the sky full of fire and energy beasts, we can also use the phantom killing formation as another of our A means of attack? That's what you mean." Wen Wenhai knew Wen Yuming very well, and Wen Yuming would never say those wasteful words, so he guessed the meaning of Wen Yuming's words.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Yes, that's what it means. For example, in the killing array, as long as you place magic swords at some of the eyes of the phantom killing array, you can release sword energy to deal with the enemy, and even make all The disciples released the flying swords and formed a flying sword array to deal with the enemy. Don't forget, there are many disciples who have just become monks. Their first impression of the monks is that they fly across the nine heavens with flying swords. Exit and cut off souls thousands of miles away, this is what we monks are good at, isn't it?"

Everyone laughed. It was indeed the case. Many people’s impressions of monks came from some legends. From my perspective, monks were the kind of people who flew in the sky on flying swords. When the flying swords were released, Those who can take a person's life from a thousand miles away are monks.

But after they actually become monks, they will find that those are just some ideas. There are indeed some disciples who fly on flying swords, but those are just some disciples who are not very strong. No one is a real master. Those who fly on flying swords would rather fly by themselves than fly on flying swords because it is too unsafe.

Some people may wonder, how can it be unsafe to fly on a flying sword? In fact, this is very simple. After all, the flying sword is just a tool, just like a person driving a car. Are you safe when driving or walking? Flying on the Feijian is like driving a car, and flying by yourself is like walking. Although the speed may be a little slower, you are more flexible. If you encounter any emergency, you can be the first to do so. Time responds, so there are many monks who would rather fly by themselves than fly with flying swords. On the contrary, their flying swords usually only come out when they are in danger.

As for using a flying sword to kill someone thousands of miles away, that is even less true. Controlling a flying sword requires mental strength and your aura. How strong your mental strength is before you can kill someone thousands of miles away. How much spiritual energy do you have to give Feijian enough power to kill people thousands of miles away? That is almost impossible for a monk.

However, for disciples like the Blood Killing Sect, if they borrow the power of the magic circle and let the flying sword fly hundreds of miles to deal with the enemy, there is still no problem. If it is within the scope of the magic circle, it is not possible for the flying sword to fly thousands of miles to deal with the enemy. It was impossible, because at that time, the flying sword was no longer under their control, but was controlled by the magic circle.

Wen Wenhai laughed for a while, then said in a deep voice: "Okay, that's it, let's invite Elder Jiu Suan and others to come and command our magic circle. With them controlling the magic circle, we should be able to unleash the power of the magic circle." As expected, I have always heard that you, this guy, is indeed insidious." When everyone heard what he said, they all burst into laughter.

Wen Yuming also laughed. He didn't care about Wen Wenhai's words. He said he was insidious. He didn't care. He also knew that it was just a joke. Wen Yuming glanced at everyone, and then said: "Then I will go back and ask Elder Jiusuan and others to report as soon as possible. As for how the disciples cooperate, it is up to you. Remember, it is best Let the disciples cooperate fully, and there may be surprises when the time comes."

Looking at Wen Yuming's appearance, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but laugh and said: "You guy, now you have to show off your skills. It doesn't matter, I will definitely let the disciples fully cooperate. Don't worry." Wen Wenhai also knew that, Wen Yuming didn't want to say more. If he wanted to say something, he wouldn't behave like this.

Wen Yuming looked at him, smiled slightly, stood up, turned around and left. When Wen Yuming opened his mouth, Wen Wenhai turned to Gu Yuanzheng and Baiyan and said, "Lao Gu, Lao Bai, you guys You two also know the result, let's go back and make arrangements." Both of them nodded, then turned and left.

Not long after the two left, Old Man Jiu Suan came to the command hall. As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Old Man Jiu Suan, he turned to Old Man Jiu Suan and said, "Elder Jiu Suan, I'm going to trouble you again this time." Wen Wenhai He was very polite to the old man Jiusuan. After all, he was the patriarch of the Jiusuan Turtle clan and his status in the Blood Killing Sect was still very high.

Old Man Jiusuan smiled and said: "You're welcome, Elder Wen, this is what we should do. Let me get familiar with this magic circle first. Otherwise, we won't be able to maximize the effect of the magic circle, which will be troublesome." "Wen Wenhai nodded and directly asked Old Man Jiusuan to familiarize himself with this magic circle.

Although the attack went very smoothly this time, Wen Wenhai still let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rest for three days before preparing to attack. Because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect hardly participated in the battle this time, everyone was very relaxed. They found that , I seem to have been resting for a long time, but this makes them happier. Although they will have less credit and less contribution points, they are also very relaxed. Ah, after these days of rest, they have returned to their best condition, both physically and mentally. This is definitely a good thing for them. Now they have the confidence to face any enemy.

You must know that physical problems will have a psychological impact, so many times, when the body is tired, the morale of the team will naturally not be too high, so no matter when, during a battle, a general , will pay attention to allowing the soldiers to rest and recuperate, which is very important.

Three days later, it was time for the two sides to attack. Wen Wenhai directly ordered the Gu Yuanzheng and Baiyan teams to advance outward at the same time. This time, their advancement speed was still not very fast. It still took about five hours. After occupying a thousand miles of territory, they waited there for the arrival of the big rocs. At this time, everyone's attention was focused on the radar, waiting for the enemy to appear.

An hour passed in the blink of an eye, and the enemy appeared as expected. There were still sixteen Dapengs, and the two teams had thirty-two Dapengs. Now Wen Wenhai and the others were sure that whether they were moving forward or to both sides, they would Every thousand miles or so, they will encounter an enemy. As for why they did not encounter an enemy at such a distance before, they are not sure about this. Maybe it is because the enemy did not expect that someone would come. Attacking them, so they had no preparations. After the Blood Killing Sect arrived, they kept attacking forward. They only thought that the Blood Killing Sect would keep attacking forward, so they did not make any arrangements on both sides. Now the Blood Killing Sect Sha Zong attacked from both sides, and then they sent people to attack.

Only this method can make sense for Tongzai. Other explanations are really unjustifiable, but there are too many unreasonable things in the interfaces of Tian Long Ba Bu, and no one really knows what is going on. Son, so Wen Wenhai and the others simply stopped thinking about it. When the enemy came, they just dealt with it.

Seeing the enemy appear, Gu Yuanzheng and the others were not polite. They directly hit them with Mantianhuo. When their Mantianhuo hit them, the big rocs immediately formed a formation, and then the big rocs flying in front The Peng opened their mouths, and streaks of golden light shot out from their mouths, directly covering the sky-wide fires that came towards them. The sky-wide fires shrank quickly, and finally entered the mouths of the big rocs. inside!