c7432 question

Gu Yuanzheng did not panic. They could discover those big rocs in advance. If they started to deal with them before those big rocs attacked them, then it would be absolutely impossible for those big rocs to rush to where they are today. You must know that today Those two big rocs almost broke out of the Blood Killing Sect's territory.

Wen Wenhai didn't say anything. He also thought that was the case. He was also very confident in their combat effectiveness, so he didn't object to Gu Yuanzheng. He just reminded Gu Yuanzheng before that he was afraid of Gu Yuanzheng. It will be dangerous if you are careless next time.

In fact, there is no easy way to summarize this battle, so Wen Wenhai did not call all the core elders together for a meeting. He just chatted with Gu Yuanzheng for a while, and then everyone dispersed, and Gu Yuanzheng returned directly. Arrive at the frontline headquarters and prepare for the next battle.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye, and it was time for the Blood Killing Sect's operation again. This time, the Blood Killing Sect's action method was the same as last time. When they got up in the morning, they immediately moved forward. In more than three hours, they moved forward. After a thousand miles, it stopped and waited for the arrival of the enemy.

When it was time to announce the time, those great rocs indeed appeared on time. The number of great rocs that appeared this time was four. However, these four great rocs were equivalent to sixteen ordinary great rocs. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also Be careful. After discovering those big rocs, Gu Yuanzheng had already begun to make arrangements. When those big rocs were about to enter the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, Gu Yuanzheng directly ordered an attack. The first wave of attacks was Sound Wave. attack.

Except for the first time the sonic attack had a very good effect, the other times had no effect, because those Dapeng had already covered themselves with energy shields and were not afraid of sonic attacks. , but this time the sonic attack, Gu Yuanzheng used all his strength. Even the radar ship he used as a frontline command post had already launched a sonic attack, so this wave of sonic attack was very violent.

When the four Dapeng were about to enter the Blood Killing Sect's base, they suddenly felt a huge force rushing towards them. They had no place to hide even if they wanted to, and then the protective shields on their bodies were shattered. , and then they felt a pungent sound rushing directly into their heads, and their bodies were pushed back by a huge force.

The big rocs all screamed and rolled in the air. The casualties to them this time were very huge, which directly affected their judgment of things. They now felt that they had a huge headache, and their eyes were blinded. Venus appeared, and nothing could be seen clearly. Because of this, these Dapeng didn't see it at all, and several long golden arrows shot straight at them.

When those big rocs didn't react at all, a few long arrows shot directly into the bodies of those few rocs. Then the long arrows exploded directly, and those few big rocs were in the air. He screamed, then turned into four streaks of black smoke and disappeared. They couldn't even get into the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Such a result made Gu Yuanzheng and Wen Wenhai all stunned. They never expected that they could kill four Dapeng so easily. This made them stunned for a while, and then they all cheered. , even Wen Wenhai and the others are the same.

This was the cleanest victory they had ever achieved against the Dapeng. They took away the four Dapeng so easily. This is something they still can't believe. After a while, Wen Wenhai calmed down. He turned to Zhu Yong and said, "It seems that as long as we find the right method, it is not difficult to deal with those big rocs."

Zhu Yong shook his head and said with a smile: "It won't be that easy. Those Dapeng are so strong. They suffered unexpected losses this time. It won't be that easy next time. In fact, I have another worry about the Dapeng clan, and that is their kind of golden light. That kind of golden light has swallowed many disciples of our Blood Killing Sect, and our disciples, after being swallowed by them, can't even be reborn. The chance is gone. I don’t know if they will directly turn those disciples into energy, or if they will do something else. If they can learn something about our Blood Killing Sect from those disciples, it will only make things worse. It’s easy.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he was stunned at first, and then his expression couldn't help but change. He immediately knew what Zhu Yong was worried about. What Zhu Yong was worried about was that those big rocs would kill the sect through the blood they swallowed. Disciples, know some of the secrets of the Blood Killing Sect, and even know some of the Blood Killing Sect's techniques. If that's really the case, it would be really troublesome.

Zhu Yong looked at Wen Wenhai, and then said in a deep voice: "Do you remember what we encountered in the snake world before? Those snakes in the snake world just kept swallowing energy, and then evolved new ones. Various varieties have come out, and some varieties are specifically targeted at our Blood Killing Sect. What if these Dapeng are like this? Don’t forget that in the Tianlong Babu, these Dapeng are the natural enemies of the snake world, and they feed on snakes. Yes, then it makes sense that they have some abilities that are similar to snakes, or even stronger than snakes."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "It is indeed the case. If it is really the case, it will be really a headache. They have swallowed many of our disciples before. If they really extract those Disciples' memories, then they will know many secrets in our Blood Killing Sect, which will be really dangerous. But fortunately, these interfaces of Tianlong Babu are isolated from the outside world. Although they are also members of the Shadow Clan's laws However, there is no way to communicate with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws outside. We will not tell the secrets of our Blood Killing Clan to the outside forces of the Shadow Clan's laws. Otherwise, it will be even more difficult for us to deal with the Shadow Clan in the future. No. , we have to think of a way to deal with these big rocs as soon as possible."

Zhu Yong shook his head and said: "It's useless. After what happened this time, haven't you noticed? The increase in the opponent's troops is doubled. Next time there will be eight Dapeng, and next time there will be sixteen Dapeng, and They are all fused Dapengs. If at any time, the number of Dapengs they appear suddenly decreases, then we should pay attention, because that means that the strength of that Dapeng is that of the previous group of Dapengs. Twice the total strength would be even harder to handle.”

Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly, then took a long breath and said: "It's so careless. It's so careless. After following the sect master for so long, you can still be so careless. This is really inappropriate. I still don't understand it as you think. Look. When we encounter something after coming here, we still have to think more about it, even if the enemy we encounter is very weak, we still have to be careful."

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "I just think a little more because of my work. In fact, these are just my guesses. They may not be like this, but there is no harm in making some preparations early." "What Zhu Yong said is correct, these are really just his guesses, but like he said, they should have made preparations early.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, we should have made preparations early. If we suffer a loss at the hands of those Dapeng, there will be no way to explain to the boss, pass orders, and hold meetings. We must bring up what you proposed today." Please share these opinions with everyone and give them a wake-up call. Recently, everyone has been a little too relaxed. It seems that after learning to integrate the Dharma, they already feel that our Blood Killing Sect is invincible. This is absolutely not allowed. "After that, he asked the staff officer next to him to pass on the order.

After a while, all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect arrived at the command hall. Everyone was chatting and laughing, with a relaxed smile on everyone's face. It was obvious that this time the Ancient Expedition had so easily killed those big rocs. After being cleaned up, he completely relaxed and no longer cared about the big rocs. In their opinion, they could definitely win the Garuda Realm, and there was no big deal.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, took a long breath, and then coughed lightly. Everyone heard his cough, and then slowly stopped talking. They all looked at him with some confusion. They didn't know that Wen Wenhai Why would Wen Wenhai come to them at this time? Now that their attack is going very smoothly, as long as they continue to attack, they can take down the entire Garuda Realm. At this time, what else does Wen Wenhai want to do with them?

Wen Wenhai glanced at them, and then said: "Lao Gu and the others did a very good job today, and I was actually very happy. But just now, Lao Zhu poured a basin of cold water on me and knocked me out all at once. It woke me up and made me break out in a cold sweat. Do you want to hear what Lao Zhu said?"

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, they were all stunned and looked at him with some confusion. They didn't know what he wanted to say or what could scare him like that. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Lao Zhu actually asked me a question just now. He asked me, if those big rocs devoured so many disciples of our Blood Killing Sect before, would those big rocs... From those disciples, do you know some of the secrets of our Blood Killing Sect? There is no answer to this question, but I also want to ask this question to everyone. Can you tell me whether those big rocs will be swallowed by those Who among the disciples knows the secret of our Blood Killing Sect? Who can answer me?"

As soon as Wen Wenhai said this, everyone was stunned. They all forgot to speak for a moment, because they really couldn't answer this question, and it was precisely because of this that they couldn't answer it. Because they all know very well that they really don’t have an answer to this question yet.

But they now also understand why Wen Wenhai said that when he heard Zhu Yong ask him this question, he would be frightened into a cold sweat. This question can indeed scare people into a cold sweat. If those Dapeng If the secrets of the Blood Killing Sect can be known through those disciples, it will definitely be a huge event for the Blood Killing Sect, and it will bring huge losses to the Blood Killing Sect.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.