c7448 go ahead

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the advancing Blood Killing Sect army. He felt extremely excited and even a little expectant. He was looking forward to the enemy's attack at night. Their attack this time was five thousand miles away. He was very excited. He knew that this attack would make them face more than 300,000 enemies at night, but he didn't care. Now they had integrated Buddha's power into the energy beast, and they also had new sky-wide fire. , coupled with their phantom killing formation and the fusion method energy beast formation used by those disciples, he believed that they would definitely win.

Now he just doesn't know how powerful their Buddha's energy beast is. If their Buddha's energy beast is very powerful, then they will be more confident in dealing with those Dapeng. Even those Buddha's energy The power of the beast was not as great as they imagined, and they were confident that they could deal with those big rocs.

Soon, the distance of five thousand miles has been reached. Gu Yuanzheng ordered the army to stop and prepare for battle, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect behind were already planting war plants. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect behind were making arrangements. I believe it won't take long for them to set up the magic circle.

The Blood Killing Sect's magic circle has a characteristic, that is, the larger the range of the magic circle, the greater the power. Therefore, now the blood killing sect's magic circle has a large range, and the power is naturally greater. Now Even if the sky is not full of fire or anything, just relying on the phantom killing formation of the Blood Killing Sect can take care of those big rocs.

Finally, the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle was also set up. Gu Yuanzheng took a look and found that there was still more than an hour before Shen Shi. They could still take a rest. As long as they were taking action when those big rocs came, they would be fine. Thinking of this, Gu Yuanzheng immediately ordered all the disciples to rest.

An hour is really very short for a monk. It passed in the blink of an eye. When Gu Yuanzheng heard the siren, he looked at the time and saw that it was already three o'clock in the morning. Gu Yuanzheng immediately gave the order and everyone started to be on alert. , and then directly gave the order to attack with fire all over the sky.

Countless sky-filled fires flew out directly from the Blood Killing Sect's base. At the same time, countless energy beasts also flew out from the Blood Killing Sect's base. These energy beasts were all golden and looked very beautiful. Solid, but what makes people feel strange is that although these energy beasts are very huge and look very ferocious, these energy beasts give people a very peaceful feeling.

But if you watch for a long time, you will find that these energy beasts not only have that peaceful feeling, but also a very firm feeling in their bodies, which is very condensed. In fact, it is not as domineering as a knife, nor as sharp as a sword, but it has a very heavy and solid feeling, just like a mixed iron rod, which makes him feel very simple, but A very heavy feeling.

After these energy beasts appeared, no one roared. They all stopped calmly above the Blood Killing Sect. There were even many energy beasts with their eyes closed, as if the old monk had entered trance, but But it can also give people an invisible pressure, which is very scary.

At this time, those sky-filled fires had already hit the big rocs. Some of those big rocs directly spit out black smoke to resist, and some directly spit out golden light. But no matter what method they used, It's useless. If you spit out black smoke, the sky full of fire will explode immediately, and the black smoke will be broken immediately and disappear directly. But if you use golden light, the sky full of fire will explode immediately, and those big rocs will. Injuried.

This time the Ancient Expedition launched a large number of Sky Fires, millions of them. Once these Sky Fires exploded, they immediately killed a large number of Dapeng, more than 300,000 Dapeng, all at once. Tens of thousands of them were killed by the bombing. This kind of loss was not small. However, those Dapeng did not stop and were still moving forward. Moreover, their speed was very fast. From the looks of it, as long as they could survive the full With three attacks from Sky Fire, you can enter the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Just when those big rocs survived two attacks from the Skyfire and were about to enter the Blood Killing Sect's base, countless energy beasts flew out from the Blood Killing Sect's base. The number of these energy beasts was even greater. , far more than the number of those big rocs, and their bodies are still very big, and each of them is covered with golden light. When those big rocs see these energy beasts, they instinctively feel very uncomfortable, very Hate.

Then they saw those energy beasts rushing over. Those Dapeng also knew that this was a level they had to pass. They had to kill all these energy beasts before they could enter the Blood Killing Sect base. Here, this time they have known for a long time, and they also know that the strength of those energy beasts is not very strong, they should be able to deal with it easily. What is difficult to deal with is the sword energy and half-moon shaped magic weapon behind these energy beasts.

But obviously, those Dapeng did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would perform so quickly. When they rushed over, the energy beasts also rushed towards them, and the two sides soon fought together. The Dapeng themselves They thought that they could just use impact force to scatter the energy beasts like before, but when they actually collided with those energy beasts, they found that those energy beasts actually had a... They were very restrained in their power. Such power was very powerful. After they collided with those energy beasts, they flew backwards without being hit. Although the energy beasts disappeared, a golden color was emitted from their bodies. The energy, this golden energy, directly turned into a Buddha seal, covering their bodies, constantly destroying their bodies, causing their bodies to continue to be damaged.

Just before they recovered, the second energy beast rushed over again. They wanted to resist, but the speed was not as fast as those energy beasts. This was unimaginable before. There was nothing that could Comparing speed with the golden-winged rocs, but now when these energy beasts rushed towards them, these rocs could not avoid it, and were hit directly one by one. Then the energy beasts disappeared, and the rocs also disappeared.

More than 300,000 Dapeng, before they entered the Blood Killing Sect, were directly taken care of by the energy beasts. Such a result was something that neither Wen Wenhai nor Gu Yuanzheng expected. Although on average, the two Only an energy beast can deal with a golden-winged roc, but this is enough. For them, energy beasts can be had as much as they want. They really don't believe that those rocs can afford it.

When he saw that all the golden-winged rocs had been destroyed, Gu Yuanzheng was startled. Then his eyes suddenly lit up, and then he loudly ordered: "Go forward, all Blood Killing Sect disciples go forward, and advance five thousand miles at a time." When the staff officer heard Gu Yuanzheng's order, he couldn't help but be stunned. He glanced at Gu Yuanzheng, but in the end he went to carry out the order.

Bai Yan, who was standing next to Gu Yuanzheng, suddenly said: "Old Gu, why are we still moving forward now? Don't we need to take a rest?" Bai Yan really didn't expect that Gu Yuanzheng would directly order an attack. This is really It was something he didn't expect at all.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "The reaction of those big rocs is actually not that fast. In other words, after they discover that our energy beast has changed, they will have to go through at least two to three battles before they can adjust and find out. The way to deal with these Buddha energy beasts, if the Buddha energy beasts are strong enough, it is actually very difficult for them to find this method. So why don't we take advantage of this opportunity to move forward a little further? , You must know that our previous two to three battles were at least six to nine days apart. We can definitely use these days to move forward a little further."

When Bai Yan heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he was stunned at first, and then he felt that it made sense, but he still said: "Then we must report this matter, and we must let Lao Wen and the others know about it." As soon as I landed, I heard the voice of a staff officer: "Two elders, Elder Wen has sent a letter asking why we suddenly moved forward again. Please reply as soon as possible."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said, "Let's go and explain to Lao Wen that this guy is actually too careful." After saying that, he led Bai Yan directly to the command hall. Gu Yuanzheng really just wanted to Take advantage of this period of time to push forward a little further and occupy more territory, so that it will be easier for them to act in the future.

When the two came to the command hall, Wen Wenhai was waiting for them. As soon as he saw the two coming, Wen Wenhai immediately went up to greet them. He looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Old Gu, what's going on? What's the matter? Did you suddenly start attacking again?" He really didn't quite understand what Gu Yuanzheng was thinking, as Gu Yuanzheng had never done anything like this before.

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "It's nothing. I just discovered that it takes time for those Dapeng to find out how to crack our new things. Just like our Skyfire, they haven't found it yet. The best way to deal with it is to fly with all your strength, jump over the territory covered by skyfire, and then enter our base. And our energy beast happens to be their nemesis now. They want to find out. The method will also take some time. I think we can use this period of time to occupy more territory, so we let the army advance."

After hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, Wen Wenhai thought for a while, nodded and said: "It makes sense. Although our Blood Killing Sect is dedicated to saving the people, we also understand the principle of quick soldiers and swiftness. Things on the front line are still important. It's up to you to command, whatever you say, we will fully support you."

Gu Yuanzheng clasped his fist at him without saying anything. The relationship between them is very good, there is no conflict, because they all have a common allegiance to Zhao Hai, so their relationship is also very good. If they are good, there will be no need to grab credit. With their current status, there is no need to grab credit at all. There is no need at all. The sect can provide them with whatever they need. It is precisely because of this that, There is no possibility of any conflict between them, and naturally there will be no intrigue.