c7444 sword energy

Just when those big rocs were still about five hundred miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's base, a sword energy soared into the sky from the Blood Killing Sect's base. This sword energy rising into the sky was very powerful and light. The sword energy seemed to be able to pierce through the sky. From a distance, people could feel an unrivaled sharpness.

Then the sword energy slashed towards them, and a solemn expression flashed across the eyes of the big rocs. Dozens of them had already flown to the front of the team. All of these big rocs had fixed eyes. They stared at the sword energy as if they were facing a formidable enemy. They had to be much more careful than when they faced Mantianhuo and energy beasts before.

Then they saw the sword energy getting closer and closer to them. The big rocs opened their mouths almost at the same time, and streams of golden light shot out from their mouths, directly covering the sword energy, and then Hearing the bang, the heads of the big rocs all leaned back, as if they had been hit hard. At the same time, bursts of black smoke came out of their mouths. This black smoke was the same as the black smoke they spit out. The black smoke was different. It was obvious that they were injured, and the sword energy also disappeared.

But this was not the end. Then I saw countless golden, half-moon-shaped magic weapons, slashing straight at those big rocs. When those big rocs saw those half-moon-shaped magic weapons, the solemn expressions on their faces became even more solemn. It got heavier, and then there was more black smoke, wrapping them up even more tightly.

And when the half-moon-shaped magical weapon struck the black smoke, it was like throwing a red-hot iron directly into the water. It made a hissing sound, and at the same time, bursts of black smoke directly It floated away, and it was obvious that the black smoke was seriously injured. The floating black smoke was no longer the same as the black smoke that formed the group.

And the golden light on those half-moon-shaped magical instruments was slowly fading. Just when the golden light was almost completely fading and disappearing, they immediately flew back, while other half-moon-shaped magical instruments were still there. While constantly attacking the black smoke, there were bursts of huge sizzling sounds from the black smoke, which sounded very scary.

This kind of attack did not stop. Countless half-moon shaped magic weapons were still attacking the black smoke. The black smoke was getting thinner and thinner, but it soon became thicker again, and those big rocs Still flying forward against the black smoke, they still wanted to rush to the Blood Killing Sect's base.

But just when they were about a hundred miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's base, another huge sword energy suddenly shot out from the Blood Killing Sect's base, directly piercing the black smoke. Among them, those Dapeng did not expect that another sword energy would appear in the Blood Killing Sect's base, and this sword energy would be so fast. They really had no defense at all, and were directly hit by the sword. The air pierced through the black smoke, piercing through the black smoke in one go. At the same time, several screams of Dapeng were heard. More than ten Dapeng were stabbed to death, and the black smoke At this stage, it immediately dissipated.

Just as the black smoke dissipated, those half-moon-shaped magic weapons slashed directly at the rocs. Among those rocs, those who reacted quickly immediately spit out black smoke or golden light. Those who emitted black smoke all It blocked those half-moon-shaped magic weapons, and the one that spit out golden light did not spit out those half-moon-shaped magic weapons, but directly bounced those half-moon-shaped magic weapons away. However, some Dapeng that reacted slower were directly struck by those half-moon-shaped magic weapons.

Those half-moon-shaped magic weapons are not very big. When they hit the big rocs, they cannot kill them all at once, but they will leave a wound on those big rocs, and that The wounds still wouldn't heal. In addition, there were too many half-moon-shaped magic tools. Several Dapeng were directly delayed by the half-moon-shaped magic tools. However, some other Dapeng were delayed. He also took this opportunity to rush into the Blood Killing Sect's base.

As soon as they entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect, they immediately felt as if they had entered a river of blood. They were surrounded by raging fires. These fires were constantly burning on the bodies of these big rocs. All the feathers on Dapeng's body were on fire, and bursts of black smoke came out of their bodies.

But these Dapeng didn't seem to feel it. They opened their mouths almost at the same time, spitting out golden light. As soon as the golden light hit the flames, those flames disappeared immediately, and under the flames, Rows of trees appeared unexpectedly, and those trees were the war plants in the Blood Slaughter Sect base.

But those big rocs didn't care. The golden light in their mouths didn't disappear. It covered the trees directly. It seemed that they wanted to use the devouring ability of the golden light to devour all the trees directly. , they seemed to be committing suicide, as if they had to swallow those trees before they died.

In fact, those big rocs have no choice, and they don't want to do it, but they know that this is their last chance. If they swallow those big trees, then they may be able to get some energy supplements, and more. For a while, if they couldn't swallow the big tree, they would have to die.

In fact, they have another idea, that is, even if they die, they still have to destroy some trees in the Blood Killing Sect. They can't die in vain. If they don't get anything, it's not worth it. It's precisely because of this thought, That's why those big rocs kept attacking the woods below as if they didn't care about their lives.

But at this moment, half-moon-shaped magic weapons attacked again and rushed directly to their golden light. The golden light was directly scattered, and then the flames recovered, and those big rocs were in the flames. After struggling for a while, everything turned into black smoke and disappeared.

Those Dapeng can't tell now whether there is really a phantom formation in the Blood Killing Sect's base or whether there is no phantom formation. You said it doesn't have a phantom formation. In the Blood Killing Sect's base, no matter what kind of environment it is. Yes, in the sea, on the iceberg, in the fire, in the woods, in the desert, there are all kinds of environments, but they clearly saw that there were only trees and nothing else in the Blood Slaughter Sect's base. , so that should be an illusion.

But if you want to say that the Blood Killing Sect’s base is all illusion, that’s not right. Those illusions will obviously attack them. The water can slow them down and even attack them. The fire can also attack them. , in any kind of environment, they will be attacked, and this does not seem to be an illusion, so those Dapeng now don't know what is in the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

Now those Dapeng are using suicide attacks, constantly attacking the base of the Blood Killing Sect. They actually want to know what is going on in the Blood Killing Sect base, why is this happening, and whether there is any illusion. Formation, if there is a phantom formation, how should they deal with it, that's why those big rocs attack the Blood Killing Sect's base like this.

But it's a pity that they still haven't figured it out yet. This time more than two hundred Dapeng came at once. They thought they could figure out the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, but they didn't expect that they haven't figured it out yet. After entering the Blood Killing Sect's base, many people were already dead. After entering the Blood Killing Sect's base, before they could figure out what was going on, all the remaining people died. This made them really I don't know what to say.

After cleaning up these big rocs, Gu Yuanzheng also breathed a sigh of relief. To be honest, it was the sword energy that made the difference this time. The sword energy was emitted through the sword array in the Blood Killing Sect's base. The Blood Killing Sect also had Sword cultivators, but there are not many pure sword cultivators. Sword cultivators must focus on the sword. That is the purest sword cultivator. Unfortunately, in the Blood Killing Sect, there are really very few disciples who focus on the sword. .

But this time, in order to set up this sword formation, the pure sword cultivators in the Blood Killing Sect were gathered together. It is precisely because of those sword cultivators that the sword formation in the Blood Killing Sect base is so powerful. Strong, two sword auras, one was blocked by those big rocs, but it also injured those rocs, and the other sword aura, those rocs didn't even have a chance to react, and were killed instantly He killed more than a dozen of them and broke their black smoke shields.

And those half-moon-shaped magic weapons are actually the swords on the whirling sword wings of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. The reason why they are golden is because those swords are blessed with Buddha power. The Buddha power can deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. In fact, It still has a certain effect. In fact, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have all done some research on Buddhism. Zhao Hai has personally blessed them, and when those whirling sword wings are released to hurt the enemy, there are still Buddhist scriptures are engraved on it, so that effect appears.

Now that those Dapeng were finally eliminated, the ancient expedition was immediately arranged. Those disciples who participated in the battle went to rest. Another group of disciples were replaced and immediately entered the base to take over the defense of the entire base, because they were still a little worried. , worried that the enemy would attack them in the middle of the night, they had to be prepared.

After arranging these, Gu Yuanzheng returned to the command hall. Not many people came this time, but Gu Yuanzheng saw Wen Yuming. When he saw Wen Yuming, Gu Yuanzheng was stunned at first, and then But he was overjoyed, and he immediately said: "Lao Wen, why are you here? But what's the good news?" Gu Yuanzheng knew very well that Wen Yuming had been staying at Shenji Hall recently. If nothing happened, , he will not come to the command hall. He has not participated in the previous combat meetings. Now that he comes to the command hall, something must be wrong.

Wen Yuming looked at Gu Yuanzheng's appearance and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "There is really good news. We have made a new kind of Mantianhuo, which has been tested. It is used The effect against the Shadow Clan is pretty good, how about it? Aren't you interested in this feeling of fire all over the sky?" As he spoke, Wen Yuming looked at the Ancient Expedition, wanting to see what the Ancient Expedition would say. Recently, Their Shenji Hall had been hit hard, so he was not as confident as before. He was really afraid that they would not be interested in the new things he came up with.