c7441 quantity

In fact, they did not wait until the next day. In the afternoon, they were attacked by Dapeng. This also proved that Zhu Yong's previous guess was correct. When they attacked horizontally, the enemy did not attack them based on distance. Instead, they attack them based on time. Now, the enemy has almost completed the time adjustment. From now on, they will probably encounter at least two attacks a day, regardless of whether they will expand or not.

Fortunately, the number of enemies attacking them did not increase. They were still thirty-two, and they were still divided into two teams. Facing these enemies, the Blood Killing Sect no longer had any pressure, and the enemy did not seem to notice the Blood Killing Sect's use. The Magic Formation was created, so although they made some adjustments, those adjustments were mainly for Skyfire and Energy Beasts, and they did not make any adjustments for the Magic Formation.

After destroying these thirty-two Dapeng at once, Gu Yuanzheng and the others knew what was going on. It didn't take much effort for them to destroy these thirty-two Dapeng, so They didn't rest at all and started attacking overnight. They started attacking straight to the left and right sides and pushed directly to the edge of the interface. Only then did they discover that the left and right width of this layer of interface reached 20,000 miles.

This time, Lingzhitang and the Jiu Shugui clan fully cooperated with their attack, so when their army reached the edge of the interface, the war plants behind them also followed. Then the installation of the magic circle was completed. Wait until the sky is slightly bright. At dawn, the base of the Blood Killing Sect has been built.

When the big rocs came to attack them at Mao hour, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already waiting for them. Their number did not increase, and they were still thirty-two. Naturally, they were easily defeated by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They were eliminated. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now don't even need the phantom killing array to deal with them and can directly eliminate them.

After wiping out this wave of Dapeng, Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan came to the command hall. Wen Wenhai was waiting for them. When he saw them coming, he nodded to them and asked them to sit down. After getting off, Wen Wenhai looked at the other people in the hall and said: "What is the situation now? I think everyone knows that we have divided the Garuda Realm into two. We have hit both the left and right sides. The edge of the interface, so that we don't have to worry about the enemy attacking us from the left and right sides, but now we are faced with the possibility that the enemy may attack us from the front and back, so our next step is to Take down all the interfaces, is there any problem with this?"

Everyone shook their heads. What's the problem with this? This was their plan. Of course they didn't have any problems. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and then said, "Okay, let's talk about how we can attack backwards." , don’t forget, now we still have to deal with the enemies coming from the front. Although the number of enemies coming from the front is not very large, we can deal with it easily now, but no matter what, we still have to deal with it. Do you have any ideas? ?”

Zhu Yong stood up first and said: "I feel that when we attack backwards, we will not encounter any attacks. There is nothing to worry about." He paused here, then he glanced at everyone, and then He opened his mouth and said: "We have been fighting recently, and we may have overlooked one issue, that is, since we entered the Garuda Realm, we have never encountered an enemy attacking from behind, so I think those Dapeng , they may all start from the core position of the Garuda Realm, and there may be no enemies behind us at all."

When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned, but then their eyes lit up, and almost everyone nodded. Yes, what Zhu Yong said seemed to be very reasonable. From the moment they entered Garuda Since the beginning of the world, there has been no attack from behind. All attacks have come from the front, not even attacks from the side. What does this mean? This shows that there are no enemies behind them.

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, then nodded and said: "What Lao Zhu said makes sense, let's divide some people and attack backwards. Lao Bai, you will be in command of this group of people to attack backwards, Lao Bai." Gu, let's leave the frontal enemy to you, no problem, right?" Wen Wenhai really felt that Zhu Yong's words were very reasonable, so he gave the order directly.

Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng stood up almost at the same time, saluted Wen Wenhai and said, "No problem." Wen Wenhai nodded, waved his hand, and asked the two of them to sit down. Then he turned to the old man Jiu Suan and said, "Nine Elder, after we take down the back part, you will start to design a magic circle that can include our entire Blood Killing Sect base. How about it? Do you need any help?"

The old man Jiu Suan shook his head and said: "No, in fact we have already made preparations before. If there is really no problem, we can just use our original design." The old man Jiu Suan said. No lie, they did have preparations and could use them directly.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. Let's go prepare. Starting tomorrow, we will advance directly backward. Lao Bai, don't advance too fast, so as not to encounter the enemy without any preparation. You still have to be careful." Baiyan responded, and Wen Wenhai waved his hand to let everyone disperse.

Early the next morning, Gu Yuanzheng was in the front to deal with the attacking Dapeng, but Bai Yan had already led his men and began to push back. The speed of their push was not very fast. First they pushed a thousand miles, and then They stopped to see if anyone would attack them.

As a result, they waited in vain for a day, and no one came to attack. Instead, on the frontal battlefield, the Dapeng attacked three times a day instead of twice a day. The ancient expedition did not expect at the beginning that they almost let those The Dapeng ran away, but in the end, all those Dapeng were left behind.

And those big rocs seemed to know that the Blood Killing Sect had been cut off horizontally, so the thirty-two big rocs actually gathered together and launched an attack on the Blood Killing Sect. Fortunately, the formation boss and the others had already There are ways to deal with this situation in the prepared plan, so it is still very easy to deal with it.

On the first day, Baiyan and the others did not encounter any attack. On the second day, Baiyan and the others became bolder and advanced three thousand miles in one go. However, they still did not encounter any attack. On the third day, they moved forward at once. After advancing five thousand miles, they still did not encounter any attack. On the fourth day, they advanced ten thousand miles at a time, but still did not encounter any attack. As soon as they saw this situation, Wen Wenhai and the others knew that I'm afraid there really are no enemies behind them, not a single one.

This made Wen Wenhai and the others very happy, and then they pushed forward with all their strength. Only after this push did they realize that there was an area of ​​nearly two million miles behind them. If calculated this way, that is It is said that the area of ​​the Garuda Realm is about 10 million square kilometers, which is quite large.

After taking down all the rear parts, Wen Wenhai and the others were ready to attack directly. However, before attacking, they had to carefully discuss how to attack, because the battles these days have made those big Peng discovered that the Blood Killing Sect used a phantom formation, but they seemed to have not found a good way to break the formation. On the contrary, the number of times they attacked them every day increased from three to five.

Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that the number of enemy attacks would increase. Three of them were during the day and two at night. It was precisely because of the changes in the enemy that they almost fell into the enemy's trap before. However, through this incident, Wen Wenhai and the others understood that with the existence of the staff department, they could indeed save a lot of trouble.

The general staff of the formation leader has made many plans, including how to deploy troops during the day and how to deploy troops at night. Although Wen Wenhai told Gu Yuanzheng that he must have a certain degree of autonomy and must When fighting, you have your own ideas, and you cannot all follow the staff's battle plan, but in some troop formations, you really must follow the staff's plan.

It is precisely because of this that when those Dapeng came to attack at night, they were detected by radar early, which did not bring any losses to the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, the Blood Killing Sect would be really dangerous. Because of this, Wen Wenhai and the others had to hold a meeting to discuss how to deal with the enemy in front of them after they had just taken over all the space at the back and had not yet completely arranged it.

Those big rocs don't seem to get tired, and there are too many of them. They attack five times a day, and each time there are thirty-two. They have been attacking for several days in a row. This number is already quite large. The most important thing is Yes, if they are attacking forward, the number of Dapeng they encounter will still increase. If there is really still a gap of six million miles between them and the core of Garuda Realm, then in the end they will have to face What is the number of Dapeng? They all didn't dare to think about it.

So Wen Wenhai had to call everyone together. After everyone sat down, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "We have taken down all the rear areas. This is a good thing for us. But now how should we deal with the enemy in front of us, do you have any ideas?"

Everyone almost understood what he meant, so they were silent for a while. Wen Wenhai finally turned his attention to Zhu Yong. He found that Zhu Yong, who had always been very low-key before, came to the front desk and raised his voice every time. His opinions seemed to be very important and very accurate, so he now paid more attention to Zhu Yong's opinions. It was precisely because of this that he looked at Zhu Yong at this time.

Zhu Yong looked at Wen Wenhai and knew what he was thinking. He turned to look at everyone again, and then said: "I think we should take it step by step slowly. We have not moved forward for a while. We're advancing, why don't we advance a little bit and take a look, and based on the enemy's reaction, we're making arrangements, what do you think?"