c7440 time

Early the next morning, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all started to advance forward in high spirits. This time they advanced much faster than the last time because this time, all the Nine Turtles clan participated in their attack. , how to arrange the magic circle was under their control, so the speed of advancement was naturally much faster. It only took more than four hours to advance a thousand miles, and then they stopped and prepared Ready for the next battle.

But what surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was that they did not usher in the enemy today. This surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They didn't know what was going on and why no enemies came to attack. , not only them, but Wen Wenhai and the others were also very surprised.

If they didn't wait for the enemy that day, they didn't wait any longer. They continued to attack the next day. But the next day, they still didn't wait for the enemy. This made Wen Wenhai and the others even more surprised. Early on the third day, in the bloody battle, When Sha Zong was preparing to attack, they suddenly encountered an attack. Their radar found that there were Dapeng coming, and the number was still thirty-two. They were divided into two teams, one on the left and one on the right, to attack them.

However, the attack power of these two teams of Dapeng is not very strong. They were directly wiped out by the Blood Killing Sect before they reached the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. Their sky-full of fire and energy beasts are not vegetarians, and this These big rocs that appeared at once seemed a bit silly and not very strong.

After destroying these two teams of Dapeng, Wen Wenhai called Gu Yuanzheng, Bai Yan, and the Kitans all to the command hall. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at the crowd and said, "Everyone. Let’s talk about it, why did those big rocs attack us today?”

Everyone was silent for a while. They all knew that the meaning of Wen Wenhai's words was very obvious. He was asking them why the rocs did not attack them in the first two days, but came to attack them early on the third day. , but he didn’t want to make it so complicated, so he just asked this question. There was no fool present, so naturally everyone understood what he meant.

After a while, Zhu Yong finally said: "I have an idea, but I don't know whether it is right or not." He paused and glanced at everyone. Wen Wenhai waved his hand, and his consciousness was to let him say it directly. , Zhu Yong nodded, and then said: "My idea is that when we advance from left to right, the enemy attacks us not based on the distance we advance, but on the time."

Everyone was stunned for a moment, and then their eyes lit up. They all understood what Zhu Yong meant. Zhu Yong looked at them and then said: "Everyone should know that when we first established the base , people have predicted the attack of a large roc, it may be the combination of time and distance, so the roc will attack us. Later, when we attack from the left and right, each attack will be about three days apart, and this The laws of the first world may have discovered this, so they sent Dapeng to attack us once in about three days, but now we suddenly changed the attack time, leaving the laws here unable to respond. , so they did not attack us in the first two days, but came to attack us on the third day. And everyone should also find that the Dapeng who came to attack us on the third day was earlier. They did not come to attack us at night, but The most important thing about those who came to attack us in the morning is that when they came to attack us in the morning, their strength seemed to weaken instantly. This may be due to the influence of the power of law."

Having said this, Zhu Yong paused for a moment, looked at everyone, and then said: "What I suspect now is that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws actually has a certain ability to affect the basic laws of this layer of interface. Yes, it's just that this kind of influence takes time, so they didn't use it much before, but this time we suddenly changed the time of the attack, which made the Shadow Clan's law power a little anxious, and they only affected this layer. Basic laws, that’s why this situation occurs, and everyone should know that basic laws are not so easy to influence.”

Wen Wenhai said: "You mean that in the future, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws may affect the basic laws of this layer of interface, but it will not be that easy. And if we attack laterally, then we The number of times we encounter attacks may be more? Is that what you mean?”

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Yes, that's what it means. In fact, I have another idea, that is, if we can help the basic laws of this space, then we don't have to worry about the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan on him. Under the influence, maybe the basic laws of this space will help us deal with the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "What you said is easy, but to help the Basic Law, you must also be connected with the Basic Law. In our entire Blood Killing Sect, except for Besides the leader, who else can contact the basic laws? There is no one left, and we can’t contact those basic laws, so how can we help him? It’s impossible, so this road won’t work.”

When Zhu Yong heard what Wen Wenhai said, he was stunned for a moment, then patted his head and said: "I have completely forgotten about this incident, but it doesn't matter if I can't contact the basic laws. Anyway, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws now, We cannot directly use the power of law to deal with us like before, and we will be much more relaxed, but I do think that we can use the power of law to deal with them."

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, and then everyone's eyes lit up. None of them were stupid. They immediately understood what Zhu Yong meant. Gu Yuanzheng said: "Old Zhu, you mean, we can use The Wheel of Law joins the power of law on our Blood Killing Sect’s territory, and will this power of law affect those big rocs?”

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Yes, in other interfaces before, it was all the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They used their power to deal with us. Now don't we also have a chance? We can also use the power of the laws to deal with it. They, before we created the Wheel of Law on our own territory to fight against their power of law, can't we now use the power of our law to suppress their power of law? Although there are The power of our own laws, but obviously, the basic laws here will not suppress the Dapeng, so can we use the power of our laws to deal with them?"

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "It's feasible, we can give it a try. Anyway, it doesn't take much trouble for us. And what Lao Zhu said, when we attack horizontally, it may be because of time, so those Dapeng They will come to deal with us. I think it is very possible. That will be easier to handle. I think we can attack the left and right edges of this interface after attacking about two to three times. I don’t think it is better to do this. Tomorrow We will directly push forward and push to the edge of this interface as quickly as possible. In this way, our base can divide the entire interface into two. Then we attack backwards, and we can truly divide the five parts of the entire base. One percent, I got them all, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded, but the boss said: "You still have to be careful. If you reach the edge of the interface in one day tomorrow, you are likely to encounter an enemy attack. The enemy can adjust their attack time, and it will definitely happen." We are making adjustments at the same time, so our attack tomorrow may not go smoothly, so we must be ready to fight at any time."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and Zhu Yong continued: "Everyone should have discovered that the strength of the Dapeng we dealt with today does not seem to be very good. This may have something to do with their early attack. It may be because they came out It was too early, so their strength was not enough. It may also be because of the time adjustment. They were suppressed by the basic laws, so time was affected. No matter which situation it was, this meant that those big rocs were actually still It will be affected by the basic laws.”

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "The strength of these Dapeng today is indeed a bit inferior. We can clearly feel this when we fight against them. So what Lao Zhu said makes sense. It just so happens that tomorrow You can give it a try. If the strength of those big rocs recovers tomorrow, it means that they have adjusted."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Then give it a try. I really want to see if those big rocs are really affected by the power of the basic laws. Okay, let's all disperse. Tomorrow we will try to attack the left and right sides of the interface." On the edge of the side, to complete our attack target, I will ask the people from Lingzhi Hall to take action, and also ask the Jiu Shugui clan to give their full help."

The old man Jiu Suan responded, Wen Wenhai waved his hand, and everyone turned and left, but Zhu Yong did not leave. He stayed, and so did the boss. Wen Wenhai looked at the two of them, first facing each other. The old man said: "Array boss, you go back now and come up with a battle plan right away. You must take into account all the enemy's possible attacks, and the time must be fast. We will use it tomorrow." Mr. Zhen responded, then turned and left.

After the boss left, Wen Wenhai turned to Zhu Yong and said, "Lao Zhu, how sure are you that the enemy you said may attack us according to time?" Wen Wenhai was actually very confident about this matter. Be careful, if the enemy really attacks them based on time, then after they take down all the back parts, they may not encounter so many attacks if they fight head-on with the enemy. There may be more, and the number of attacks encountered may also be more, these need to be taken into consideration.

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "It shouldn't be wrong, but we still have to look at the situation tomorrow. If those big rocs really come to attack tomorrow, it means that my previous guess is right. If those big rocs come tomorrow, If Peng doesn't come to attack, but comes to attack the day after tomorrow, then it proves that my guess is right. Unless they attack the day after tomorrow, and they attack in the morning, then it will prove that my guess is wrong. But I think, maybe This won't happen, the enemy will definitely attack us tomorrow, maybe not just once."