c7443 War begins

Wen Wenhai also knew what these people were thinking, but he did not react. Instead, he coughed lightly, and then said: "It seems that Lao Zhu's previous guess came true. The enemy really did not attack us at noon. But we still have to be careful, we don’t push forward today, and we have to see how many people they show up at night.”

Everyone nodded. After tonight, they can be sure whether the other party really attacked as they thought. If it was really as they thought, then they would be relaxed. One step Just one step forward.

Wen Wenhai turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Lao Gu, you have to pay more attention. After all, you are the commander on the front line. Although we have made complete preparations, the enemies coming this time are either many or very strong. , so you must be careful, otherwise it will be very dangerous."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "Don't worry, we have made preparations. To be honest, before we dealt with those guys, we have always used illusion formations. There are not many places where we can really contribute. If we help people, If there are too many, or if we can break the phantom formation, then it may not be a big bad thing for us, after all, we are here in the Tian Long Ba Bu interface to train troops, not to train the phantom formation."

Everyone chuckled, and Wen Wenhai also smiled and said: "You are really wrong. We are not only training soldiers, but also training the illusion formation. Okay, let's not talk about that. In short, you should be careful. I have already prepared the cavalry and Lao Ding, and they can provide support at any time if necessary."

Gu Yuanzheng didn't say much. He knew very well that such an arrangement was necessary. Although the second half of the entire interface now belonged to them, if the enemy really broke into their base, they would If they do some damage, it would be embarrassing for them.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "It seems very simple here in the Garuda Realm, but I don't think it will be that simple. In the future, no matter whether they are very large in number or very strong, For us, the pressure is very high, and I have now begun to organize disciples to train a team of ten thousand people to integrate the Dharma, and we must be foolproof."

Everyone nodded, and they understood what Wen Wenhai meant. The Garuda Realm seemed to be very simple at first. Although the strength of the Dapeng was not weak, the number was very large, but they This kind of doubling ability is really too deceiving. If it keeps doing this, no one can stand it. If they really improve their strength in the future, it will be even more amazing. If the current Dapeng is comparable to If a thousand-man team practices alone, without the help of the magic circle, that thousand-man team may not be the opponent of those Dapeng, so they have to be careful. If they are really careless, they will suffer in the end. It's them who are the only ones, and when that time comes, they don't have anywhere to cry.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, everyone, please go back. You must always pay attention to the situation on the front line. If anything happens to Lao Gu and the others, you must do your own thing well. No one is allowed to mess around. If anyone messes around, don't blame me for being rude." Everyone responded in unison, Wen Wenhai waved his hands, and everyone turned and left.

Gu Yuanzheng returned to the front line, and he immediately started to make arrangements. Before, because they were in a hurry, some arrangements had not been completed. Now that they had time, they naturally needed to make arrangements properly. It took two hours, and then After setting everything up, Gu Yuanzheng, like everyone else, quietly waited for the arrival of the enemy.

They are all closing their eyes to rest. They are all veterans who have experienced hundreds of battles. They naturally know what to do before the war. They have traveled three thousand miles today, and they naturally need a good rest now. If they don't rest, , then their condition is not the best. If they encounter any unexpected situation, they will suffer a loss.

Soon, Shen Shi arrived. Gu Yuanzheng didn't open his eyes at all. He was just waiting until there was a wake-up call from the radar before they moved. There was no need to move now. However, those big rocs did not let Gu Yuanzheng wait for too long. Just two moments after Shenshi, a very sharp siren sounded. A smile appeared on Gu Yuanzheng's face, and then he slowly opened his eyes. , looked at the radar screen in front of him, and after seeing the content on the radar, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but smile slightly, and said in a deep voice: "Two hundred and fifty-six, it's really doubled. Send the order, everyone Attention, prepare to fight."

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all stood up, and everyone put on armor. Their armor was still the same as before, with the revolving sword wings on it. Now they had the light brain in the avatar outside to help them. To control, use this whirling sword wing, the lethality is even greater, and it does not require too much distraction to control, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have not changed this armor, of course, they still have it all in their hands The magic weapon they hold in their hands is the magic weapon they are used to.

Gu Yuanzheng also informed those disciples that the number of Dapeng coming this time was 256, which was much more than before. Of course, their pressure was also greater, but it was nothing. Those thirty-two Dapeng no longer pose any threat to them, so even if more than two hundred Dapeng came this time, they didn't take it too seriously. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, really There is nothing to be afraid of.

After Gu Yuanzheng asked all his disciples to prepare, he directly ordered: "Mantianhuo, prepare to attack." Following his order, countless Mantianhuo flew directly from the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. , and smashed straight at those big rocs. The speed of these sky-fired fires was very fast, but after all, they still had to fly for a while in the sky. In addition, the eyes of those big rocs were very good, so Those big rocs can be seen from a long way away, and those sky-filled fires can be seen.

After seeing the sky full of fire, the big rocs did not look panicked at all. Some of them directly spit out some black smoke, and the black smoke directly turned into a black smoke ball. Finally, the black smoke was The smoke ball immediately wrapped up all the Dapeng.

Just when the black smoke enveloped the Dapeng, countless Skyfires all fell down. However, when these Skyfires fell into the black smoke, although they also exploded, their power was not the same. It seemed to be much smaller all of a sudden. On the contrary, the sky-wide fire that exploded outside the black smoke was extremely powerful. The energy alone made the black smoke stagger, as if it was about to dissipate at any moment. .

And the black smoke didn't stay there all the time. It was still moving forward. Although the speed was not very fast, it was still moving forward. Obviously, the big rocs in the black smoke, Still flying forward, flying in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect's base, it was obvious that they still wanted to attack the Blood Killing Sect.

Faced with this situation, Gu Yuanzheng's expression did not change at all. The reason why those sky-filled fires became like this has a lot to do with the black smoke. The black smoke should be the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , Mantianhuo was suppressed when it entered the power of Shadow Clan's laws, so it could not exert its power. Instead, it was Mantianhuo outside the black smoke, because it was not affected by the power of Shadowclan's laws. , so it exerted its maximum power, and the impact on the black smoke was even greater.

Gu Yuanzheng still gave the order to let those Skyfires attack non-stop. Although the effect was not very good, he never stopped attacking, because if these Skyfires are not used now, they may not be of any use in the future. Because they are known to be improving Mantianhuo, if they wait until the new Mantianhuo comes out, these old Mantianhuo will be of little use.

While releasing fire all over the sky, a large number of energy behemoths also rushed out from the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. The power of these energy behemoths was also very huge. They were all energy behemoths composed of teams of ten thousand people. The power is also extraordinary, but because there is no murderous intention in these energy giant beasts, and they have not entered the Dharma form, although the power of these giant beasts is not small, it is not up to the top. If you want to kill those big rocs, it is really not possible. too easy.

Gu Yuanzheng and the others have been fighting against those big rocs for a long time. They all know very well that the fighting power of those big rocs is very powerful. Even the feathers on those big rocs have strong defensive power. Although the energy beast's attacks are not weak, they are still a little behind compared to the fast, strong defense and powerful Dapeng.

But those energy beasts have another ability. They can attack the black smoke covered by the rocs. If the energy beasts can disperse the black smoke covered by the rocs, then Mantianhuo will want those Dapeng's order, don't underestimate the power of Mantianhuo. If they dare to underestimate the power of Mantianhuo, they will definitely die miserably.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at those energy beasts and rushed directly into the black smoke covered by the big rocs. The black smoke covered by the big rocs shook for a while and became thinner, and then the sky was filled with fire. In the past, the black smoke became thinner, but soon, the black smoke returned again, even darker and richer than before.

As soon as they saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng knew that the attacks of those energy beasts were useless. In the past, because of the small number of Dapeng coming, it was difficult for them to keep entangled with the density of the black smoke. But now it is different. There are a lot of Dapeng coming now. If half of them are breathing black smoke, then the concentration of the black smoke can be maintained for a long time, so the attack of the energy beast will not have much effect. Useful.

However, Gu Yuanzheng was not disappointed. This situation was also expected by him, so he just waited quietly, waiting for those guys to move forward for a while, and then clean up them, and then they were greeted by Instead of being filled with fire and energy beasts, there is a sword formation, and their formation swords have now been improved, and their power is completely different from before, especially when dealing with the Shadow Clan.