c7446 Powerful

There was no words all night, and it was very peaceful. They did not encounter any attacks, and not a single enemy appeared. This made Gu Yuanzheng and the others heave a sigh of relief, but they were also secretly happy in their hearts, because this situation was also what they expected. Among them, it was the best result they expected.

In the following two days, they did not encounter any attacks, which made Gu Yuanzheng and the others finally feel relieved. It seemed that the enemy still failed to change the basic laws here. Otherwise, they would definitely encounter attacks. This The two days also allowed the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to take a good rest.

On the morning of the third day, Gu Yuanzheng got up early, and then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also completed their assembly in the shortest possible time. Then Gu Yuanzheng gave an order, and the Blood Killing Sect's army moved forward directly. This time they advanced very fast, advancing five thousand miles at a time.

Then they stopped, and it only took about three hours for them to advance five thousand miles. By this time, the army behind them had almost finished setting up the Zhan Zhi Fortress. Finally, after another After an hour, the Zhan Zhi Fortress was completely arranged, and then another hour later, the magic circle was also arranged, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to wait quietly for the arrival of the enemy.

And just when Gu Yuanzheng and the others were setting up the Zhanzhi Fortress, he also received news that Wen Yuming had sent a large amount of Mantianhuo to them. These Mantianhuo only needed to be launched from the Mantianhuo launcher. Now, there is no need to kill the battle fort with blood, which also makes Gu Yuanzheng feel more at ease.

Soon it was Shenshi, and at three quarters, a piercing siren finally came from the radar ship where Gu Yuanzheng was located. Gu Yuanzheng immediately looked at the radar screen, and sure enough, there were dense black spots. , appeared on the display screen, it was obvious that the enemy was coming.

Gu Yuanzheng was very clear that they had advanced five thousand miles this time, so the enemy kept turning over the numbers five times. That means that there were more than eight thousand enemies who came this time. Three, the number of enemies who have been turned over four times in front is even greater, the number is probably more than 10,000.

Although more enemies came this time, Gu Yuanzheng did not look nervous at all. On the contrary, he was very excited. He looked at the enemies with a smile on his face and murmured: "Hahahaha, Okay, this is enough energy, but it’s still a little bit less, I should have more.”

Zhu Yong also laughed. Although there were more than 10,000 enemies this time, and they were all masters, the Blood Killing Sect was not afraid of them, because there really was nothing to be afraid of. During a great battle, they built up confidence in themselves. They always believed that they were invincible.

However, it was impossible for Gu Yuanzheng to wait for the enemy. He immediately shouted loudly: "Sky Fire, launch." As he spoke, countless Sky Fires soared into the sky and attacked the enemy. These The sky-wide fires are all new types of sky-wide fires, and their power is very huge.

But obviously, those big rocs also knew the power of these sky-wide fires. When they discovered that there were sky-wide fires coming, many of them immediately spit out black smoke. Countless black smoke, they directly Those big rocs were covered inside, and the black smoke was very thick. You could tell at a glance that the defense was very strong.

The number of Skyfires shot out this time was also very large, definitely more than 100,000. However, these 100,000 Skyfires were all arrow-shaped, so the area covered was not very large, so it was unnecessary to shoot them. Qiang covered the enemy's entire range of black smoke, and then saw the sky full of fire, directly smashing into the black smoke.

According to the past experience of those big rocs, those sky-filled fires would have no power as long as they entered the black smoke, so they were not very worried, but this time they thought wrong. This time the Blood Killing Sect used It's a new type of Sky-Fire, and the power of these Sky-Fires is very huge.

I saw those fires all over the sky exploded immediately after they shot into the black smoke. Balls of golden light suddenly exploded in the black smoke. When the black smoke encountered the golden light, it looked like ice and snow. It melted and disappeared just like it encountered the sun. As long as it was touched by the golden light, black smoke would immediately emit from the bodies of the big rocs, and they would also make very painful screams, but it was useless. The golden light was like maggots attached to the bones, and it penetrated directly into their bodies, and their bodies seemed to be ignited from the inside. First, bursts of black smoke came out, and then the whole body burned. It started to burn, and in the process, those big rocs were very painful. They kept rolling, but in the end they inevitably turned into a wisp of smoke.

Those Dapeng didn't expect that these sky-wide fires would be so powerful. They didn't even react for a moment, and more than a thousand people were extinguished in one go. By the time they reacted, the second group of sky-wide fires were It had already exploded. This time, without the resistance of the black smoke, the power was even greater. Two thousand more Dapeng were immediately destroyed. In total, nearly four thousand Dapeng died.

When the big rocs discovered this situation, they couldn't help being shocked. They reacted immediately. Countless rocs raised their heads almost at the same time. Then they opened their mouths and shot countless golden lights straight towards the sky full of fire. Those who were The sky-full of fire covered in golden light did not shrink immediately and enter their mouths. Instead, it exploded almost at the same time. A loud bang was heard, and the heads of the big rocs tilted back almost at the same time. Black smoke also began to pour out of his mouth at the same time.

But at this moment, the fourth batch of Sky-Fires crashed down at once, and a bang was heard. While the Dapeng were still dizzy, the Sky-Fires exploded directly beside them, and then It was the fifth batch and the sixth batch. When the Blood Killing Sect launched eight batches of Skyfire, and Gu Yuanzheng found that no enemies appeared, he discovered that the enemies had disappeared, not a single one was left.

Gu Yuanzheng was stunned for a moment, then he turned to Bai Yan who was standing next to him and said: "Old Bai, why can't you see a single roc? Did they run away? Impossible? Such a thing has never happened before. ." Bai Yan has completed his mission, so he is now commanding on the front line with Gu Yuanzheng. He is regarded as Gu Yuanzheng's deputy.

Now when he heard Gu Duozheng's question, he couldn't help but shook his head and said: "They didn't run away. The radar didn't show that they ran away, and they didn't enter our Blood Killing Sect's base. It looked like they were all killed." ." At the end, there was still a trace of uncertainty in his words, because he was really not sure whether the enemy was killed.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the empty place with a trace of uncertainty on his face. Finally, he said in a deep voice: "Maybe he was really bombed to death. Didn't Lao Wen say that they did it this time? Mantianhuo is specially designed to restrain the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but I didn't expect it to be so powerful."

Baiyan said in a deep voice: "Arrange the disciples to watch here. We must go see Elder Wen immediately, and also see Hall Master Wen. Tell him about the power of this sky-full of fire. I feel that he is very concerned about it." The Buddha's power in the fire seems to be more pure, otherwise it would not have such a good effect."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and immediately turned around and gave orders to the staff officers. After all arrangements were made, he asked the staff officers to look at them, and then went to the command hall with Bai Yan, and waited until the two of them arrived. When they were in the command hall, they saw Wen Wenhai, Zhu Tonghe and Wen Yuming, as well as several core elders, standing in the command hall, looking at the projection in the middle of the command hall, and on that projection was the scene they fought before. Condition.

As soon as he saw the two people coming, Wen Wenhai immediately waved to them and said: "Lao Gu, Lao Bai, you are here, come on, tell us, what is going on? Those big guys Did Peng escape?" Obviously, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't believe that those Dapeng would be killed directly.

Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan walked to the projection. Gu Yuanzheng glanced at the projection, and then smiled bitterly. Then he turned to Wen Yuming and said: "Old Wen, I still want to ask you, what did you do this time?" The sky fire is too powerful, isn't it? Good guy, it just blew up all those big rocs, leaving not a single one left. This is a huge killer."

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned when they heard what Gu Yuanzheng said. Then everyone's eyes were focused on Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming also had a puzzled look on his face. He murmured: "This time We have improved the Mantianhuo, and the Buddha's power has indeed become more refined, but I didn't expect it to be so powerful."

Wen Wenhai also reacted at this time. He turned to look at Gu Yuanzheng and said in a deep voice: "Old Gu, are you sure that all those Dapeng were killed? Not one of them escaped?" Wen Wenhai arrived. There is still no way to be sure. You must know that there are more than 10,000 Dapeng. How could they be killed so easily?

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "There is an 80% possibility, because we did not find any sign of a big roc escaping afterwards. From this point, it can be seen that those big rocs may really They have all been killed. To be honest, I couldn't believe it at first, but you also know that those Dapeng will not retreat, and they did not appear in our Blood Killing Sect's base, so they He was probably killed by a bomb."

Wen Wenhai's gaze shifted to Wen Yuming once, and he said with bright eyes: "Old Wen, please tell me carefully, what is going on? What did you use on those sky-filled fires this time? , why is it so powerful?" Wen Wenhai knew very well that if those Dapeng were really blown to death by Mantianhuo, then there is only one explanation, and that is that the power of Mantianhuo exceeded The imagination is huge. If they can do this with Mantianhuo, they can do this with other magical weapons. As long as they know this, the power of their magical weapons will become even greater. , this is really important to the Blood Killing Sect, because it means that they will be more relaxed when dealing with the Shadow Clan in the future.