c7447 natal rune

Wen Yuming looked at Wen Wenhai with a puzzled look on his face. He said in a deep voice: "We just carved scriptures on the fire all over the sky, and then let those Buddhist disciples consecrate it. It's nothing, right. , and it is also engraved with Buddhist precepts, I have said this before? Don’t you also know?"

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "The problem may arise in the commandments. Commandments are to be observed by superiors. Naturally, he is very domineering. In fact, he should be a bit like laws. Laws are for people to abide by. , so you carve the precepts on the fire all over the sky, and the Buddha's power on the fire all over the sky will become extremely pure."

Everyone else also nodded. They all felt that this was the only possibility, and there were no other possibilities, because Wen Yuming said that everything else was the same as before, and there was nothing different about it. . When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he also nodded, and then he seemed to have thought of something, and he immediately said: "By the way, there is something different from before, I don't know if it is because of this. "

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Is there any other difference? Please tell me carefully." Wen Wenhai was now really more curious about the new Mantianhuo Wen Yuming and the others had created. He really wanted to know , I heard that there is something different about this new sky full of fire that they created.

Wen Yuming said in a deep voice: "In this new Mantianhuo, there is actually a yin-yang thunder pool, and this Yinyang thunderpool provides energy for the entire Mantianhuo. Even if the Mantianhuo is used by those big rocs with golden light, Given that, the Yin-Yang Thunder Pond will explode immediately, making it impossible for the enemy to absorb the Sky-Fire into their stomachs. Another point is that these Sky-Fire can be recovered, because these Sky-Fire eruptions are The Buddha's power inside has no effect on Mantianhuo itself, so after the Buddha's power breaks out, they will still be intact. At that time, we only need to take it back. I think someone has already given Mantianhuo to After taking it back, apart from these, this kind of Mantianhuo is really no different from other Mantianhuo."

Wen Wenhai and the others were dumbfounded as they listened to Wen Yuming's words. Gu Yuanzheng reacted immediately. He immediately clapped his hands and said: "Yes, those big rocs used golden light to freeze some Sky Fires before, but those Sky Fires were frozen. The fire exploded suddenly, injuring the rocs. It was precisely because of this that the rocs were unable to block the fire attack from behind and were directly destroyed. It may be because of this."

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "We have noticed the golden light spit out by the big roc before. Those golden lights are really domineering, so we came up with such a method. Unexpectedly, it is really effective. But I do feel that the reason why Mantianhuo is so useful may really be related to the commandments and has nothing to do with the Yin and Yang Thunder Pond. No, I’m going to study it right away. Everyone, I’ll take my leave.” After that, Wen Yuming turned around and left without waiting for anyone else to speak.

When Wen Wenhai saw his appearance, he could only smile helplessly. He did not call Wen Yuming to stop. He knew Wen Yuming's temper. If he called him now, he would not stay. In his In my heart, studying those things is far more important than discussing the war situation with them here.

Wen Wenhai turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "I heard what Lao Wen said, the reason why those fires in the sky are so powerful may really be related to those commandments, so can we think of a way in this regard to make them more powerful?" The attack power of the disciples has become more powerful? Buddha's power itself is the most important thing to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Wouldn't it be better if his power can be made greater? We will deal with the Shadow Clan in the future , it becomes even more relaxed.”

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "This is very simple. Now the disciples are using the revolving sword wings, and their revolving swords all have scriptures on them. As long as they engrave the precepts on them, I believe the power will be great." Even bigger, but the effect of this Buddha's power makes me think of another point, that is, this Buddha's power, do you think it is a kind of momentum?"

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately understood what Gu Yuanzheng meant. Gu Yuanzheng looked at Wen Wenhai and said, "What do you mean? We can use this Buddhist power to compete in momentum? Or we can create a kind of Is the Buddha's power coming out? This can be a good test." Wen Wenhai also felt that Gu Yuanzheng's proposal seemed to be a good one.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "I haven't thought about using Buddha's power to make Buddhist statues or anything like that. What I'm thinking about is whether we can add some Buddha's power to those energy beasts. If we can add some Buddha's power to those energy beasts, If Buddha's power is added to his body, will those energy beasts be more effective when dealing with those big rocs?"

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "It makes sense. If you integrate the Buddha's power into the energy beast, the energy beast will be the Buddha's energy beast. The Buddha's power itself is the nemesis of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and now those Dapeng bodies There are all the laws of the Shadow Clan, and the energy beasts should be able to restrain them. In fact, I have been analyzing those big rocs recently, and I think we seemed to have fallen into a misunderstanding before."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then he looked at everyone, and everyone looked at him. Zhu Yong coughed slightly, and then continued: "We have always regarded those big rocs as living creatures. But I think that the Dapeng we face may be just an energy body, just like our energy beast. Originally, those Dapeng may not be that strong, but they were swallowed up by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , that’s why their strength has become so strong, but in the end, they are still energy bodies, so we can use energy beasts to deal with them."

When everyone heard what he said, they were stunned at first, and then they all fell into deep thought. After a while, Wen Wenhai finally said: "It makes sense, but why do those Dapeng look so much like the real Dapeng?" What? The golden light spitting out of their mouths is also very likely to be the legendary Dapeng's magic weapon. The precious light is released from the yin and yang two gas bottles. If the golden-winged Dapeng is really just an energy body, then why does he have What about this kind of ability?”

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "I have thought about this question too. I was very confused at first, but then I suddenly thought of the young master's words. The young master once said that everything in this world can be used. It can be explained by runes. The heaven and earth runes used by our Blood Killing Sect have many runes integrated into them. So could someone get a kind of natal rune of the Golden-winged Dapeng, even if it is incomplete, and then he uses this rune? Wen has been integrated into the bodies of these golden-winged rocs, so why do these golden-winged rocs have such abilities? If this is the case, then all the abilities of these golden-winged rocs can be explained clearly. "

After Wen Wenhai and the others listened to Zhu Yong's words, they fell into deep thought for a while. After a while, Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "This explanation really makes sense. If it is really like that, then it really is." It is possible that if we deduct this in turn, can we improve the strength of the energy beasts of our Blood Killing Sect? As long as we know the natal runes of those energy beasts, and then integrate those runes into the energy beasts, in The power of Buddha is being added to the energy beasts, so will we be able to create energy beasts like those big rocs?"

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "It is possible, but I still have to ask Lao Wen about the runes. If Lao Wen hears this, he will definitely be interested." Gu Yuanzheng knew very well that Blood The killing sect has never stopped researching runes, especially the natal runes on various monsters, so he believes that there must be many natal runes of monsters there because they are famous, but they have I never knew how to use these natal runes.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "No, we must call Lao Wen back. This guy is too anxious. If he didn't fight to leave so much, we wouldn't have to call him." Just when he said this At that time, some disciples had already left to invite Wen Yuming. Wen Wenhai felt that this matter must be resolved as soon as possible.

After a while, Wen Yuming was called back reluctantly. He glanced at everyone and said with some dissatisfaction: "What else do you want to call me for? I am currently conducting experiments." Wen Yuming was that person. As soon as there is a test that is about to be carried out, he will not care about other things. Anyway, other things can be solved even without him, but those tests are different. There is no difference between those tests. Someone can help solve it.

Wen Wenhai asked him to sit down, and then told Wen Yuming what Zhu Yong had just said. Wen Yuming listened to his words and was a little impatient at first, but the more he listened, the brighter his eyes became. After Wen Wenhai finished speaking, he immediately said: "This is a great idea, I will go back and try it out right away. , Don’t disturb me if you have nothing to do.” After saying that, he turned around and ran away. This time he didn’t even have to walk, he just ran.

When Wen Yuming left, Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "Things have to be done step by step. We still have no way to integrate the natal runes into those energy beasts, but we can integrate the Buddha's power into the energy beasts." , we can test this, Lao Gu, you go and make arrangements right away. We have to rest for two days and see if we can test anything within two days. If we can test anything, then for us It’s definitely a good thing.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "Don't worry, just leave it to me. I will make arrangements right away. If there is nothing else, I will go back." Gu Yuanzheng also has a quick temper. Now Everything that needed to be said was almost explained clearly, so naturally he couldn't stay any longer.

Wen Wenhai glanced at the other people, and then said with a smile: "Okay, let's all go back. I have a feeling that if this thing succeeds, then our Blood Killing Sect may be about to make progress. , everyone go and get busy, I'm waiting for your good news." Everyone responded, and then they all stood up, saluted Wen Wenhai, then turned around and left. They were very excited now, too. They all want to try it out and see how it works.