c7442 not simple

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhu Yong said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "Old Zhu, what do you mean by this? Can you explain it carefully?" Wen Wenhai really didn't understand what Zhu Yong meant, because What Zhu Yong said was really too vague, making it difficult for people to understand.

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "I think the situation here in the Garuda Realm is a little different. Our enemies here will not be as simple as simply accumulating numbers. Have you ever thought about it? What we have now There were only thirty-two enemies they faced, but these thirty-two enemies would have to be quadrupled to be their true number. If they were to double their numbers every thousand miles, , then how many times will we have to climb when we reach the core of the Garuda Realm? How many enemies will appear by then? That number is probably beyond our imagination, and it is impossible for them to appear here. Everyone knows, Here in the Garuda Realm, we must abide by the basic laws, so it is absolutely impossible for the basic laws here to allow so many Dapeng to appear at once."

Everyone was stunned for a moment, then they silently calculated in their hearts, and finally nodded. It was indeed impossible, because the number was too much, not to mention counting the big rocs before they were fused, even counting them After fusion, it is unlikely because there are too many.

Zhu Yong then said: "Because of this, I think that when we face the Asura world in the future, there will definitely be more changes. As for what kind of changes they will be, no one can say. It’s clear, but I think we’d better take a look. According to my estimation, the enemy may make adjustments in their strength.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he said: "You mean, the enemy may have more powerful masters in the future?" Wen Wenhai really didn't think of this before, but now after seeing Zhu Yong's words, As soon as he said it, he finally remembered it, and it was really possible.

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. Don't forget, how did our enemies come from now? Isn't it from fusion? Then it is not impossible for the enemies to fuse in the future. By that time, their numbers have become smaller, but their strength has become stronger, but we just don’t know when they will fuse.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, then glanced at the others and said in a deep voice, "What do you think?" Wen Wenhai felt that what Zhu Yong said was reasonable, but this did not necessarily mean that others thought what Zhu Yong said was reasonable. So Wen Wenhai still wants to listen to other people's opinions and see what they have to say.

No one spoke, they just nodded. Wen Wenhai understood what they meant when he saw their faces. He then turned to Zhu Yong and said: "Even if the enemy can fuse, their number will be small, but their strength will be. They become stronger, and they attack five times a day. This frequency is too fast, and our disciples don't get time to rest at all, which has a great impact on us."

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "I think if we attack forward, the enemy's time adjustment may lose its effect, because when the enemy dealt with us, the time adjustment took a long time, and When we have been attacking forward, the enemy has not adjusted the time. I think there is a problem here. It is probably because of the basic laws here. There are some regulations, because this is used to train disciples, so the basics here The law is very likely to have regulations that do not allow the disciples to stay in one place for too long, they must move forward, otherwise it will increase the difficulty for them, and the enemy used this method to deal with us before."

Wen Wenhai immediately understood what he meant, and Zhu Yong's meaning was very clear. The Garuda Realm was created by the Buddhist master to train his disciples. In order for his disciples to participate in the trial, he must have some regulations. If a disciple enters this space and stops where he is and stops moving forward, wouldn't that serve the purpose of the trial? So he will have some settings. For example, if you stop there, the number of times the roc will attack you will increase. If you move forward, the number of times it will attack you will decrease. This will make those disciples They had to move forward, and the Shadow Clan's power of law was probably taking advantage of this, so they increased the number of attacks on the Blood Killing Sect. If the Blood Killing Sect continued to attack forward, they would imagine what they are doing now. , it would be impossible to attack the Blood Killing Sect several times a day.

Everyone also understood what Zhu Yong meant, and they all nodded. This was definitely possible, because if they wanted to test the disciples, they would not leave such a clear loophole, nor would they make something like this. With this arrangement, the possibility is very high.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "From this point of view, we really should attack first and see what changes there will be. If there is no change, the enemy will still attack us five times a day. Then This proves that the enemy may have completely controlled this layer of interface, so we must speed up. I really don’t believe that these big rocs here can wipe out our Blood Killing Sect. The Ancient Expedition, tomorrow In the morning, you will start to move forward, this time we will not hold back, we will directly move forward three thousand miles, and then we will see what happens."

Gu Yuanzheng responded. He knew very well that after advancing three thousand miles, if the enemy really attacked them, they would face more enemies next time, so they must be prepared, and their They must also move quickly, knowing that the enemy will attack them five times a day. If Zhu Yong's guess is wrong, the enemy will continue to attack them five times a day, and they must be careful.

Wen Wenhai glanced at the others and said in a deep voice: "Our Blood Killing Sect has never bowed our heads to anyone since we entered the Tian Long Ba Bu interface. It is the same this time. We will not bow our heads either. I really want to Let’s see what the enemy can do to us. I have always believed that we will be the victor in the end.”

Everyone responded with a roar. Like Wen Wenhai, they had always believed that they would be the ones who won in the end. Wen Wenhai waved his hands and said: "Okay, everyone go back. We will officially attack tomorrow, but today Don't forget that the enemy will attack twice in the evening, we must be prepared." Everyone nodded, then they all stood up, saluted to Wen Wenhai, turned around and left.

In the evening, the enemy attacked them twice more, but they were all wiped out. Early the next morning, Gu Yuanzheng repelled the enemy's attack at Maoshi, and then began to command the army to move forward. Pushing forward, they knew that their target was three thousand miles away, so they had to go faster.

They knew that they had to advance three thousand miles before noon, and then immediately start preparing for battle. They could not focus all their hopes on guessing. If they really guessed, the enemy would still attack them five times. , if they are not prepared, they will suffer a loss when the enemy attacks.

But fortunately, there is already the Wheel of Law on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. They can already use the power of the Wheel of Law to suppress those big rocs. This is still very obvious to them. Peng has not yet figured out a way to crack their phantom formation, which may have something to do with this.

This time the Blood Killing Sect used all their strength. Gu Yuanzheng and the others moved forward all the way, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples behind them followed suit and built a war plant fortress and a magic circle. Because they had been cooperating for a long time, they were adding more There are nine turtle clans commanding them, so they are very fast.

In fact, the attack of the Blood Killer Sect is also very simple. Gu Yuanzheng leads the army, lines up the battle team, and keeps moving forward. Anyway, they will not encounter the enemy. They only need to fly forward, because they have to rush for time. Therefore, their speed is very fast, and the Lingzhi Hall disciples behind them will directly drop countless seeds and then activate them, so that the Zhanzhi Fortress is established.

But the Nine-Sum Turtle Clan behind them directly led their disciples forward. These disciples all carried spherical magic arrays, and where they should put the magic circle, the Nine-Shu Turtle Clan had already calculated for them. Okay, they just need to put down the magic circles. Finally, the Nine Number Turtles activated these magic circles, so the speed is not slow.

Time passed little by little, and when it was almost noon, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were finally ready. Everyone was waiting there, waiting for the enemy to attack, but they were all a little tired now, although they could take turns. They needed some rest, but the high-intensity fighting these days still made them feel a little tired.

Soon the time came to noon, and soon it passed noon. During the time when Dapeng came to attack them at noon every day, they did not encounter any attacks. This made everyone stunned. They waited until noon had passed. , the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were relieved. They were finally sure that the enemy would not attack them at noon today.

But Gu Yuanzheng rushed to the command hall immediately, where Wen Wenhai and the others were already waiting for him. As soon as he saw Gu Yuanzheng, Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Old Gu, you are here, I will wait for you. Sit down quickly." Gu Yuanzheng responded and sat down directly, but his eyes looked at Zhu Yong unconsciously.

To be honest, Zhu Yong's status in the Blood Killing Sect was very high in the past. After all, he was the intelligence leader of the Blood Killing Sect. How could such a person have such a low status? But because he has always acted very low-key, everyone did not They had paid too much attention to him, but now, everyone looked at him with admiration.

Zhu Yong's guesses these few times were all correct. Now they are moving forward, and the enemy does not need to attack them at noon. This seems to be true to Zhu Yong's previous guesses. When they are attacking forward, The enemy will indeed stop attacking them five times a day, which is a good thing for them.

It is precisely because of this that the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect now have a very deep impression of Zhu Yong, because they all know very well that Zhu Yong is definitely not a simple person.