c7445 the curse of kindness

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Yu Ming said, he was shocked. He knew that the things they made after hearing Yu Ming were all good things, so he immediately said: "Really? They made it this time." What a good thing it is, tell me carefully." Gu Yuanzheng was very clear. He heard that it was useful for dealing with the Shadow Clan, so it must be useful. Now he is really more curious about this new Skyfire.

Wen Yuming said with a smile: "It's really a good thing. We added Buddha's power to the Mantianhuo and added a control circle. When and where the Mantianhuo explodes, it can be controlled. How? Like? Is it a good thing?" Wen Yuming and the others really spent a lot of money this time, and the fire they made was definitely a good thing.

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "Buddha's power? You added the Buddha's power to the fire all over the sky? That is really a good thing to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's law. Can you still control it? That's okay It’s really great, hahaha, Lao Wen, you are really amazing.”

Wen Yuming smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "This kind of sky-full of fire is prepared to deal with the Shadow Tribe people. If you use this kind of sky-full of fire to deal with ordinary monks, the effect may not be as good as against the Shadow Tribe people, but this kind of sky-full of fire The attack power of fire is very powerful. To the Shadow Clan people, they are their nemesis, but to ordinary people, they are a curse, but a kind curse."

Even Wen Wenhai was curious at this time. He looked at Wen Yuming with some confusion and said, "Old Wen, I don't quite understand. What is the curse of kindness? Are there any kind people in this curse?" Wen Wenhai is indeed This was the first time he heard about the curse of kindness, so he seemed very curious.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Speaking of it, this curse is really weird. We added Buddhist scriptures and some Buddhist precepts to this curse, and then this curse came into being. , this kind of curse usually has no effect on people, but if you violate the Buddhist precepts, you will be punished immediately, and it is very serious. But if you do not violate the Buddhist precepts, then nothing will happen to you. No, it can be said that as long as you are an enlightened monk, as long as you abide by the Buddhist precepts, then you will not be punished in any way, and this curse will have no effect on you."

Wen Wenhai and Gu Yuanzheng were both stunned. They really didn't expect that there would be such a weird curse. It was incredible. If everyone could abide by the precepts of Buddhism, then not all of them would become enlightened monks. ? In fact, even if you are an eminent monk, you may not be able to completely abide by the Buddhist precepts, right? If someone really fell under this kind of curse, he would probably be dead, because it would be impossible for them to fulfill the conditions required by the curse.

After a while, Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly and said: "Okay, Lao Wen, you guys are indeed vicious enough. I never thought that you guys would actually come up with such a curse. It is indeed immune to poison, hahahaha , this is a good thing, but on the front battlefield, it can only be used to deal with the Shadow Clan, and it may not be very useful against other people, right?"

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "No, I think it is also very useful on the frontal battlefield. Don't forget that on the battlefield, the enemy is full of murderous intentions towards us. As long as they have murderous intentions, It is tantamount to breaking the Buddhist precepts, and they may not even know how they died."

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Yes, this kind of curse is so overbearing, hahahaha, how about it? Isn't this kind of curse very good to use against the people of the Shadow Clan, because it is the purest Buddhist power, and it can't be used against the people of the Shadow Clan. Shadow Tribe people, the effect will definitely be better, but you will have to try it to know the specific effect. When we tested it, the effect was very good."

Gu Yuanzheng laughed loudly and said: "Okay, be more prepared. We will use it to deal with those big rocs soon. Those guys are full of the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. We must deal with them." Gu Yuanzheng He was really curious about this kind of fire that filled the sky. He really wanted to see what it would look like when those big rocs were attacked by these fires that filled the sky.

Wen Wenhai smiled slightly, then turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Lao Gu, this battle was good. You did a very good job. How was it? What do you think?" Wen Wenhai and the others saw this. In the first battle, to be honest, they really didn't expect that the effect of this battle would be so good. Those enemies had already suffered a big loss before entering the Blood Killing Sect's base. After entering the Blood Killing Sect's base, they didn't even have a chance to resist, and were directly destroyed. What they did was really beautiful.

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "To be honest, the best performers this time were the sword cultivators. I really didn't expect that those sword cultivators could play such a big role after entering the sword formation." , and Elder Jiu Suan, what you have done is really great. Under your command, the power of the entire array has become much greater. If it were not for these conditions, we would have destroyed those big rocs. I'm afraid it won't be easy, after all, there are more than 200 Dapeng."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "This is what I want to say. From now on, the enemy will really double in number every thousand miles. This is nothing to us. Good news, do you have any ideas?" Wen Wenhai also felt that the enemy's method was really a headache. If they really let them continue like this, how many enemies would appear in the end? He felt a headache just thinking about it.

Everyone was silent for a while, and then Zhu Yong said: "I feel that we should have nothing to worry about. This interface was created by the Buddhist master to train his disciples, so he would not create one so that the disciples would not have anything to worry about." It is obviously impossible to pass through the interface, so he must have a limit. Even if the enemy can make some modifications to the basic rules of this interface, it will be very difficult to completely overturn it. If they could do that, wouldn't they have done it a long time ago? The reason why they were able to attack us five times a day before was probably because they used the basic laws, but the upper limit of the basic laws must be very strict. They want to change, I’m afraid it’s not that easy.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "It is possible. If we keep turning it over like this, the last number is really terrible, so I don't think it is possible. Like Lao Zhu said, there is one Upper limit, this is still very possible.”

Wen Wenhai thought for a moment, then said in a deep voice: "It's useless to say all this now. I think we should follow our own ideas and keep attacking them. I want to see those big rocs when they get there. What else can we do? Even if they send more people, there is no need for us in the Blood Killing Sect to be afraid of them."

Gu Yuanzheng and the others nodded. Wen Wenhai turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said, "Lao Gu, arrange those disciples well. If the enemy comes to attack us at night, we must fight them back. We cannot be completely defenseless. "Wen Wenhai is also very worried that the enemy may attack them at night.

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "Don't worry, I have already made arrangements. If those guys are really afraid of coming to deal with us at night, we will definitely make it impossible for them to come back." Gu Yuanzheng has now become very domineering. Yes, he believed that he had the ability to deal with the enemy, so he said this.

Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, then let's go back and see if those big rocs will attack us tonight. If they don't attack us, it means everything is back to normal for them, and we may be able to take a rest tomorrow. After all, we have been fighting these past few days, and the disciples are very tired, so it’s time to rest for a while.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, then he glanced at everyone, and then said: "We can rest for two days and then attack. At the same time, we can also use these two days to see the enemy's reaction. We have eliminated another enemy today." Criticize the enemy. According to previous practice, the enemy should not attack us in the next two days. If the enemy will attack us in the next two days, it means that the enemy The basic laws here in the Garuda Realm may be changing, so we must speed up our actions."

Wen Wenhai still attached great importance to what Gu Yuanzheng said, and what Gu Yuanzheng said was exactly what he thought, so he nodded and said: "Yes, it is indeed the case. Then take a rest for two days, Lao Gu, you Go back and make arrangements, Shu Li, the boss will hand over the Spirit Beast Hall to you now, so don’t feel any pressure. I heard that you are currently conducting experiments on the alien clan, so don’t mess around."

The reason why Wen Wenhai said so about Shu Li is because Zhao Hai handed over the management of the Spirit Beast Hall to Shu Li, and after becoming the master of the Spirit Beast Hall, Shun Li never came up with anything new. Maybe Because of this, Shu Li has been a bit quarrelsome recently. I heard that he is experimenting with the alien race. Wen Wenhai actually does not agree with this, because Zhao Hai attaches great importance to the alien race. If it is really because of Because of Shun Li's reasons, Zhao Hai would not let him go. Even if he didn't kill him, he would still be punished. Even if Shun Li was from the alien family, he would still be punished. Same.

When Shun Li heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said, "Don't worry, I won't mess around anymore. The reason why I do this is that I believe that our alien clan is actually the best foundation for the development of spiritual beasts. Only we, the alien family, can have this foundation, because we have countless possibilities, so we plan to give it a try, don’t worry, I won’t mess around.”

Hearing what he said, Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, you just need to know it in your mind, and don't ruin the boss's big things, otherwise, we won't let you go. Okay, everyone, let’s go back. Shu Li, if you really think that your experiment is very useful for our Blood Killing Sect, then if you need anything, you can ask it directly and we will fully support you. Yes, everyone, please go back." Everyone responded, then turned and left.