c7449 Black Jade Dapeng

At around nine o'clock the next day, Gu Yuanzheng stood quietly on the radar ship, looking at the densely packed Dapeng on the radar screen. There were so many Dapeng coming this time that Gu Yuanzheng could not even count them, but it was good. There is optical brain statistics on the radar screen, which can clearly count the number of Dapeng coming this time.

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at the number displayed on the screen, but frowned slightly and said in a deep voice: "There seems to be something wrong with this number. Shouldn't the number of Dapeng coming this time exceed ten million?" ? But look at it now, the number is less than five million? What's going on? "

Baiyan also glanced at the numbers displayed on the screen, and then said: "It seems that those Dapeng should have been upgraded once. All disciples should pay attention to that there may be some masters among the Dapeng coming this time. Send a letter to Lao Ding and ask Lao Ding and the others to be prepared and ready to provide support at any time."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and turned to look at the staff officer next to him. The staff officer immediately went to pass the order. At the same time, he also sent a letter to Ding Chunming, asking Ding Chunming to prepare. After Ding Chunming received the news, he immediately came to the radar ship of Gu Yuanzheng. As soon as he entered the command hall of Gu Yuanzheng, he immediately said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Old Gu, how is the situation?" Ding Chunming and the others I really want to participate in the battle, because these people are the first batch of people who have gone through the time acceleration zone training. They want to fight and prove their strength, but they have never had any good opportunities, so This time, after he received the message from Gu Yuanzheng, he felt very excited, and then he ran to Gu Yuanzheng.

When Gu Yuanzheng saw him coming, he couldn't help but smile and said, "What's wrong? Are you anxious? I just wrote you a letter and you came right over?" Gu Yuanzheng almost understood what Ding Chunming was thinking. He and They have known Ding Chunming for a longer time than they have known other people. Even though Ding Chunming doesn't like to talk, when it comes to being militant, he is no worse than anyone else, so when he saw Ding Chunming , you know what Ding Chunming is thinking.

Ding Chunming smiled and said: "Yes, we people have only fought against those Dapeng once before, and the fight was not very good. But at that time, it was just because we were still not used to the power in our bodies. Now We are completely used to it, so naturally we want to give these Dapeng a try."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Hahaha, don't be anxious, take your time, there is something wrong with the number of Dapeng coming this time. We suspect that these Dapeng may have been upgraded through devouring again. If If that is really the case, then there will definitely be some masters among these Dapeng, and I am worried that those masters may break through our blockade and enter our base, and you will need to take action when the time comes."

Ding Chunming nodded and said: "Don't worry, we have been prepared for a long time." While they were talking, the Blood Killing Sect's Sky-Fire attack had already begun. Countless Sky-Fires were hitting the big rocs. After passing by, the number of fires they fired this time exceeded tens of millions.

And just as Gu Yuanzheng thought, the number of the great rocs in front was a bit wrong. Among these great rocs, there were some very huge ones. They were much larger than those ordinary great rocs. More than double the size, the whole body is pitch black, but the body is very solid, as if it is made of black crystal. There are about 100,000 Dapeng like this, which is really a lot.

These big rocs looked at the fire-filled sky that was coming towards them, with a look of disdain flashing in their eyes. Then some of the big rocs moved and flew directly to the tops of all the big rocs, and then their big mouths opened. , countless rays of golden light shot out directly, shooting straight towards the fire that filled the sky.

When those golden lights hit those sky-filled fires, they heard a loud bang. Those sky-filled fires exploded directly, but those big rocs seemed to be fine. The area covered by their golden light was very huge, so the fire that hit the sky did not pose any threat to the big rocs.

But then another wave of sky-wide fire came down. The big rocs opened their mouths and shot out a golden light. After blocking the attack of the sky-wide fire once and blocking these two attacks, Those big rocs are not far away from the Blood Killing Sect base.

At this time, countless energy beasts rushed out from the Blood Killing Sect's base. These energy beasts that rushed out this time were a bit strange. The energy beasts in front were not very big, but some of the energy beasts that rushed out from behind , but its body shape is very huge, its body length is more than a thousand miles, it is an absolute ten thousand energy beast.

These energy beasts rushed towards the big rocs, and those big rocs also rushed towards the energy beasts. Just when the two sides were about to collide, the big rocs opened their mouths almost at the same time, and a golden light came from their mouths. It sprayed out and went straight towards those energy beasts.

Those big rocs thought that they could destroy those energy beasts at once, but what they didn't expect was that those energy beasts also opened their mouths, and then spit out a golden light. The two golden lights collided with Yu Qi, and issued a With a bang, they disappeared at the same time, and then the energy beasts collided with those big rocs.

As long as the energy beast hits the roc, the ordinary roc will be injured, and then the second energy beast will directly kill the roc. The more powerful Dapeng also saw this situation. They immediately flew to the front of the team, opened their mouths, and spit out golden light.

But just as they spit out the golden light, several golden lights also shot over. The two golden lights collided together, and a bang was heard. Then the two golden lights disappeared. Those powerful Dapeng were stunned at first. , then they looked up and found that those thousands of miles long energy beasts were looking at them calmly. As soon as they saw this situation, those big rocs knew where the golden light came from.

Those Dapeng felt very angry. You must know that they were made to deal with these Dapeng. Originally, they thought that they were invincible against those energy beasts and could easily defeat those energy beasts. They were all destroyed, so they didn't take those energy beasts seriously.

But now they discovered that those energy beasts could actually block their attacks. How could they not be angry? While they were angry, they were also a little panicked. If those energy beasts could really block their attacks, then they What will happen? There is only one answer, and that is death, that is for sure.

At this time, a roaring sound was heard in the sky. The big rocs looked up and saw that countless sky-filled fires were smashing down at once. A trace of anger flashed in the eyes of those powerful rocs. , then some of the Dapeng opened their mouths, and shot out streams of golden light. These golden lights were like huge shields, blocking the sky-full of fire. It seemed that they wanted to use this method. , blocking those attacks filled with skyfire.

Those sky-wide fires directly hit those golden light shields, and a banging sound was heard. The sky-wide fires were bounced to the side like arrows hitting the iron shield, but they did not explode. Such a result made those big rocs stunned again. Their golden light was originally used to swallow things, but later they found that there was no way to swallow the sky-wide fire, so they came up with this golden light that could block the sky-wide fire. , who knew that those fires all over the sky did not explode, which made them confused for a moment what to do.

However, the golden light in the mouth of the big roc cannot always exist. It usually disappears within ten breaths of appearing outside. Therefore, after the fire in the sky was blocked but did not explode, they took back their own light. In their view, these golden lights, which have lost their power and filled the sky with fire, are really no threat.

But just when they put away the golden light, the sky-wide fires that were floating in the sky suddenly exploded, and countless golden lights exploded around the big rocs. The golden light caused very fatal damage to those big rocs. Even those black jade-like rocs were covered in golden light and were constantly emitting black smoke.

And at this time, countless energy beasts rushed up one after another. This time, these energy beasts did not directly hit the big rocs, but kept biting the big rocs with their teeth. They are all golden. As long as it is bitten by them, a very terrible wound will appear on the Dapeng's body. The most important thing is that there will be a layer of gold on the wound, and there is no way to heal it.

If those big rocs spit out golden light to attack those energy beasts, those energy beasts will spit out golden light to fight back, and then continue to bite. This forces those big rocs to have to bite those energy beasts, but if those energy beasts suffer If injured, they will explode directly. As they explode, a Buddha's seal will be imprinted on the bodies of those big rocs, constantly consuming their vitality. Even those black jade-like rocs cannot hide from the energy beasts. Such a rogue attack.

At this time, those energy beasts with a length of thousands of miles finally took action. Their target was those black jade-like Dapeng. They rushed directly towards those black jade Dapeng. Those black jade Dapeng opened their mouths. He spit out golden light to attack those energy beasts, but those energy beasts also spit out golden light. The two golden lights collided together and then disappeared at the same time.

Then those energy behemoths rushed directly towards the black jade rocs, and the two sides became entangled and bitten non-stop. Although those energy beasts were very huge, they were not as solid as the black jade roc, so they soon received a lot of wounds on their bodies, and it seemed that they could not last long.

But those energy behemoths are just energy behemoths after all. They won't feel pain, and they won't be afraid. Even if they are injured, they still keep biting the black jade roc. But the Black Jade Dapeng cannot deal with these energy behemoths wholeheartedly, because they are worried that the energy behemoths will suddenly explode themselves, and they will be in trouble if they are covered by the Buddha's seal.