c7453 War begins

Ying Wushuang looked at Gu Yuanzheng with a wry smile, and said in a deep voice: "Elder Gu, it's really not our fault. After those monsters merged with their natal runes, they seemed to suddenly have their own consciousness. They ran into the woods on their own, and they are now combined with those Fuli plants, so we can't feel their breath, but it doesn't matter. If it's time to fight, I order them, They can still fight without any impact. The most important thing is that we can still release energy beasts now, but because there are no natal runes, the energy beasts we release this time can only be ordinary ones. of Buddha's energy beasts, but I finally thought about it, can we release more Buddha's energy beasts? These Buddha's energy beasts can be combined with Buddha's power plants, so that we can store In our energy beasts, these energy beasts can stay in the woods all the time. As long as those big rocs dare to come, they can fly out directly from the woods to deal with those big rocs, and then we will not have to release the energy beasts again."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Ying Wushuang said, he couldn't help but feel ashamed. Then he looked at Ying Wushuang and said, "Is this okay? If too many energy beasts are released, can they still be controlled by us?" What Gu Yuanzheng is actually most worried about is Just like this, if they release too many energy beasts and they can't control them in the end, there may be trouble in the end. If those energy beasts make trouble on the Blood Killing Sect's territory, or some energy beasts don't listen. order, the consequences would be disastrous.

Ying Wushuang said solemnly: "There should be no problem. Even those energy beasts without natal runes seem to have a certain amount of intelligence. Otherwise, they would not have found the Buddha power plant and performed the cultivation on the Buddha power plant. Cultivation, we have always felt that they are practicing on the Buddha Power Plant.”

Baiyan said solemnly: "I think it's feasible and I can give it a try. These energy beasts actually seem to be very obedient even when they don't join the Buddha's power, and even at that time, they seem to have a certain amount of spirituality." The wisdom is the same, so I think this method is very feasible."

Gu Yuanzheng thought for a while, and finally nodded and said: "Okay, then you go ahead and do it, but you have to wait a moment. I will first ask Hall Master Hu how many they have planted in our Blood Killing Sect's base now. Plant the Buddha power plant. The number of energy beasts you release cannot exceed the number of the Buddha power plant. Otherwise, those energy beasts will not be able to enter the Buddha power plant to practice, and they will not be able to stay outside for long. It will disappear, which is also a waste.”

Ying Wushuang responded, then turned around and returned to his team. Gu Yuanzheng turned his head and rolled his eyes, and said with a smile: "Go back, tell Lao Wen about this situation, and also ask Hu Tang Lord, how many plants have they planted? Let’s go.” Gu Yuanzheng nodded and followed Bai Yan back to the frontline headquarters.

When the two returned to the frontline headquarters, they immediately told Wen Wenhai about the situation here. Wen Wenhai was very surprised when he heard it, but he also agreed with Gu Yuanzheng's approach, and then Gu Yuanzheng went directly to Hu Wei Xin Xin asked Hu Wei how many Buddha plants had been planted here on the front line.

After asking Gu Yuanzheng, he found out that Hu Wei and the others had already planted countless Buddha power plants in the Blood Killing Sect’s base. He didn’t even know how many plants there were, but there were just a lot of them. Gu Yuanzheng heard that Such an answer was also very helpless. In the end, he could only give an order to Ying Wushuang and the others to release 100 million energy beasts as a standing reserve. Later, when the battle comes, it will depend on the situation.

One hundred million energy beasts may sound like a lot, but for the Blood Killing Sect, it is really not a lot. The number of disciples in the Blood Killing Sect base now exceeds one billion, and these one billion disciples, even if Divided into teams of 10,000 people, there are also 100,000 teams. And among these 100,000 teams, as long as each team releases a thousand energy beasts, it can reach 100 million energy beasts.

But here in the Blood Killing Sect, the team is more of a team of a thousand people, and the number of tens of thousands is not very large, so in this way, the speed of releasing the energy beasts is faster. It only took less than five hours to release 100 million energy beasts. They were already prepared, and all of the 100 million energy beasts found Buddha power plants that could be used for them to rest in the base of the Blood Killing Sect. One can imagine how many Buddha power plants Hu Wei and the others planted.

After doing this, Gu Yuanzheng let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect go to rest. In less than ten hours, they will expand. This time they will expand ten thousand miles at a time. Then they will encounter The number of enemies arriving will be a very terrifying number, and they must take a good rest.

After resting for a night, early the next morning, Gu Yuanzheng and the others directly ordered the Blood Killing Sect disciples to attack with all their strength. This time the attack target was ten thousand miles. The Blood Killing Sect disciples who received this order were all refreshed. They He also felt that when he attacked five thousand miles, he still had some spare strength. Now he attacked ten thousand miles in one go. How could he be unhappy? He didn't even have the slightest intention to worry.

After receiving the order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to move forward with all their strength, and the disciples behind them also planted various war plants and Buddha power plants. The disciples at the back followed by arranging magic formations to organize the Blood Killing Sect's army. As he moved forward, wherever he passed, an endless forest appeared in the sky.

This time they were pushing forward with all their strength, and the speed of the push was very fast. It took five hours to advance 10,000 miles. At this time, the woods and the magic circle team behind had not arrived yet, and all the frontline troops were The army immediately began to set up defenses, ready to welcome the enemy's attack at any time.

Just about an hour after they deployed their defenses, the planting army followed them. With the planting of war plants completed, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect breathed a sigh of relief, but they were still fully prepared to guard against the enemy, because they were following the stronghold. From past experience, the enemy is coming soon.

Sure enough, after another half an hour, Gu Yuanzheng's radar found the shadow of the enemy. Looking at the seemingly endless enemies, Gu Yuanzheng was not panicked at all, and immediately ordered that all the enemies in the sky be filled with fire. began to attack, and at the same time all the energy beasts also began to prepare for battle.

Just as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were advancing, those energy beasts were also advancing, so now they have arrived at the front line. At this time, these energy beasts were also ready, and the leader of these energy beasts was that There are more than one million energy beasts that look no different from real beasts.

With countless sky-fire attacks, the war officially began, but those big rocs ignored those sky-fires. They were flying forward with all their strength. There were a lot of those rocs. The ancient expedition planned it, and this time they came The number of Dapeng is probably more than 500 million, which is already much less than he imagined.

When the last enemy appeared, Gu Yuanzheng glanced at the radar screen, then took a long breath and said: "One billion, only one billion. This is much less than we imagined, only a fraction." Originally, Gu Yuanzheng I thought that the number of enemies coming would be more than 10 billion, but I didn't expect that only one billion would come, which is ten times less.

Bai Yan put his hand on the radar screen, and the radar screen was immediately enlarged. Then countless Dapeng appeared on the screen. When he saw these Dapeng, Bai Yan's eyes shrank slightly, and then he said : "They are all black jade rocs, not an ordinary roc."

Gu Yuanzheng also saw the big rocs clearly, and then he said: "Fortunately, we have been prepared for a long time. Let all the disciples be ready. After the energy beasts in front engage the enemy, they will release the energy beasts immediately. At the same time, be ready to use the sword energy and the spinning sword at any time, Elder Jiu Suan, you are also ready."

Elder Jiusuan has now arrived at the frontline headquarters. Because this is the time to fight with the gang, he must follow the situation here to make adjustments, so he has now arrived at the frontline. Now when he heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, He responded immediately and then went to get ready.

Gu Yuanzheng was still a little worried. He turned to his staff and said, "Contact Elder Ding and let them prepare." The staff immediately responded and then went to write a letter to Ding Chunming. At this time, Gu Yuanzheng was staring at the radar with bright eyes, and said with a smile on his face: "Hahaha, we finally waited for the army of those big rocs. Come on, let me take a look, these big rocs How strong is it?"

Bai Yan also smiled slightly, and then said: "I think we need to change the way we move forward in the future, especially those who are planting disciples and those who are setting up the magic circle. I think we can let the two teams change their positions. The disciples who arrange the stationery array are in front, and the disciples who are planting follow behind. Arranging the array in the open space is faster than setting up the array in the woods, right?"

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, I didn't think much about this matter before. This time the attack distance has been extended, and this problem has arisen. Some changes are indeed needed, otherwise their speed is really Some of them can't keep up, and have you noticed that the lethality of those sky-wide fires against the black jade roc seems to be a little insufficient? You must talk to Lao Wen about this matter."

He rolled his eyes and said with a smile: "I think Lao Wen has known it for a long time. Don't look at Lao Wen hiding in the Shenji Hall every day. He also attaches great importance to the situation on the front line. Otherwise, how could he come up with so many good things? Come on, he may already be studying this matter now, so you don’t have anything to worry about.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, looked at the big rocs that were about to rush within two thousand miles of the Blood Slaughter Sect base, and said in a deep voice: "Next, we have to see what the combat effectiveness of those energy beasts with natal runes is like. I feel that this kind of natal rune is still very useful, but I can’t figure it out right now, so I’d better leave this matter to Lao Wen and the others.”

He rolled his eyes and said with a smile: "I believe you can't be wrong. If the strength is really not good, then Lao Wen will not bring it out. You don't know that guy Lao Wen, how many times they have to go through before bringing out a new thing. It only takes one test.”

Set a small goal first, such as remembering in 1 second: Mobile version reading website: m.101novel.