c7451 combine

Zhu Yong thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "To deal with these black jade rocs, I don't think we need to make too many adjustments. Our new energy beast can almost entangle those black jade rocs. If If Manzaihuo can replenish energy for those energy beasts, we can also take care of those black jade rocs."

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "Not only that, but also our sword formation. Today our sword formation has not been activated. Now our sword formation has also added some Buddha power. In addition, the spinning sword also has Buddha power. There are Without these things, we can completely pack up all those big rocs, no matter how many they come, it will be useless." Gu Yuanzheng is now very confident.

At this time, a man stood up and said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, I think we can take out those Buddha plants and use them. We can replace all the plants in our war plant fortress with Buddha plants. Power plants, maybe the effect will be better, and I found that our Buddha power energy beasts can be combined with Buddha power plants. Today, those energy beasts that have returned from the front line have now been planted with me. Some Foli plants in the War Plant Fortress have been combined together, and they are recuperating, and the effect is pretty good."

The person who stood up was none other than Hu Wei. She was the leader of the Lingzhi Hall. She had been paying close attention to the war. After the energy beasts returned to the base of the Blood Slaughter Sect, they slowly entered the Zhanzhi Fortress. Among them, she saw it. He specially asked people to see it. Those energy beasts were actually combined with the Zhan Zhi Fortress. This really made her completely unexpected.

It was precisely because she discovered this that she spoke out at this time. She knew very well that this discovery was also very useful to the current Blood Killing Sect. Those Dapeng were all from the Shadow Clan. As a combination of energy, only Buddha's power can restrain him, so Buddha's power plants should also be useful in dealing with those big rocs.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Hu Wei said, he was slightly stunned, and then he immediately asked: "Really? Those energy beasts and Buddha power plants are combined together? I thought they had dissipated before, but they didn't Did they dissipate?" Wen Wenhai and the others also saw those Buddha Power energy beasts before. After returning to the Blood Killing Sect, they slowly disappeared. They thought those energy beasts had dissipated, but they did not expect that they actually had contact with Fo Power. The plants came together in a way they never thought possible.

Hu Wei nodded and said: "Yes, they seem to be slowly recovering after combining with those Buddha power plants, but they have no adverse effects on the Buddha power plants. They seem to just use the Buddha power to fight the plants." Treated as a home, his energy can help the Buddha's power and plants grow, and the Buddha's power in the Buddha's power and plants can restore their energy."

Wen Wenhai stood up suddenly, looked at Hu Wei and said, "Come on, let's go take a look now. I really want to see how this Buddha's energy beast is combined with the Buddha's power plant. "After saying that, he walked out, and everyone else stood up and followed Wen Wenhai out.

Everyone had teleportation arrays on them, and after a while everyone came to the place where the energy beast disappeared. After arriving at the place, under Hu Wei's guidance, everyone quickly came to a few Buddha plants, and arrived here , everyone discovered that there was a faint shadow of energy beasts on these Buddha power plants. These energy beasts seemed to have been integrated with the Buddha power plants. They had their eyes closed, as if they were asleep.

But the golden light on their bodies flickered, just like breathing, and as the golden light flickered on and off, the energy on the energy beasts seemed to be slowly getting stronger, which made everyone Very surprised, these energy beasts seem to be practicing now. This has never happened before.

Wen Wenhai looked at those energy beasts for a long time, then he turned to Hu Wei and said: "Palace Master Hu, are there any of these Buddha power plants that can be used for fighting? If so, then use the war plants here, Let’s replace them all with Buddha plants.” Wen Wenhai knew very well that if Buddha plants can be used for fighting, then everything would be simple. Just replace all the combat plants here with Buddha plants. If those Foli plants can't fight, then we have to find another way.

Hu Wei shook his head and said: "No, those Buddha power plants cannot fight, so we can only be selective. Plant some Buddha power plants in some places. Plants that are really used for fighting still need to be planted." Like the Babel Vine or the Bread Tree, we are now thinking of ways to add the power of transformation to these two plants. As long as we succeed, then these two plants will also have the power of Buddha. By then, I believe it will be more convenient and faster to use these plants to deal with the Shadow Clan." Hu Wei said at the end, his expression was already a little excited.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, if you want to plant Buddha power plants, you can plant Buddha power plants there. You can find a place by yourself. Come on, let's go back." Everyone responded and followed Wen Wenhai back to the command In the hall, after everyone was seated, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said, "The appearance of the black jade roc just lets us know what kind of opponents will appear in the future, and what kind of rocs will there be." We don’t need to take the changes too seriously, I believe we will be able to cope with them.”

Everyone nodded, and they were very confident. The confidence of the Blood Killing Sect was accumulated from battles again and again. Now even if they fail several times, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not Losing this confidence is why Wen Wenhai and the others are so confident now.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "I also think that there is no need to take it too seriously. We can move forward at full speed. I really want to see what other tricks those rocs can do." Gu Yuanzheng really doesn't know anything about it. If you are not afraid of those big rocs, even those black jade rocs, aren't they still unable to enter the Blood Killing Sect's base? What else does he have to be afraid of?

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do it like this. Then we will take action once every three days. On the third day, we will advance ten thousand miles. If we feel that this distance is not enough in the future, then we will Then we move forward, and we will destroy all those big rocs in total."

Everyone responded with a roar, and then Wen Wenhai waved his hand, and everyone turned and left. When Gu Yuanzheng returned to the frontline headquarters, he asked his disciples to rest. Three days later, they were attacking. Every attack. The distance is ten thousand miles, and they will face more enemies by then.

Two days passed in the blink of an eye. When Gu Yuanzheng was preparing to attack Garuda Realm in the next day, Wen Wenhai suddenly sent someone to send him and Bai Yan to the command hall. This made Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan were very curious, wondering what Wen Wenhai suddenly asked them to do.

When the two of them arrived at the command hall, they saw Wen Yuming at a glance. As soon as they saw Wen Yuming, the two of them became happy. They walked quickly to Wen Yuming, and Gu Yuanzheng was even closer. He said loudly from afar: "Lao Wen, you're here? How are you? Is there anything good this time?"

Gu Yuzheng was very clear that Wen Yuming came out now and asked Wen Wenhai to call them here, which means that Wen Yuming has made progress in a certain research, regardless of which one of his research has made progress, for For the Blood Killing Sect, it's all a good thing, so that's why Gu Yuanzheng asked this question.

Wen Yuming looked at Gu Yuanzheng's appearance and couldn't help laughing and said: "Lao Gu, you guy, you seem to ask me this every time I see you, but this time I really brought you I got some good things, here you go, take a look." After saying that, he immediately threw a jade slip to Gu Yuanzheng after hearing the name.

Gu Yuanzheng took the jade slip, mentally explored the jade slip, and immediately saw clearly a test report. After he read it, his eyes lit up, and then he said: "Lao Wen, you are too That’s awesome, you’ve researched all this, hahaha, you’re really awesome.” As he said this, he gave the jade slip to the person next to him with a blank stare.

Baiyan looked into the jade slip with his mental strength, and saw that the beginning of the jade slip read: "A feasibility test of combining natal runes with Buddha power." Then he looked inside again, and when he saw this title, he There was a burst of excitement, and soon he had read all the contents in the jade slip. After reading the contents in the jade slip, he couldn't help but look up at Wen Yuming, with an expression of admiration on his face. He was I really didn't expect that Wen Yu could actually research such a thing.

The energy beast that Wen Yuming researched that combines the natal runes with the Buddha's power is exactly what they had imagined before, integrating the natal runes into the energy beast's body to enhance the energy beast's combat effectiveness. Wen Yuming In order to better combine the natal runes with the energy beasts, they can make some natal runes in advance, and the material for making these natal runes is the Foli plant.

Now there is no shortage of Buddhist plants in the Blood Killing Sect, but the uses of these plants are not very many. Although they can be made into Buddhist tools, the number of Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect is not very large. If they are not Buddhist disciples, they can use Buddha tools. Utensils are simply a waste, and it is precisely because of this that there are many Buddhist plants in the Blood Killing Sect, but these plants are not very useful, which can be said to have caused a waste of resources.

But after Wen Yuming and their experiments, if these Buddha power plants are used to make natal runes, then those natal runes can absorb Buddha power very well, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect form energy beasts. During the formation of the magic circle, when the energy beast takes shape, input Buddha power into the energy beast's body, and then throw the natal rune directly onto the energy beast. Then the natal rune will be combined with the energy beast. Together, let the energy beast's body achieve a physical success. At the same time, he also has the natal rune of that energy beast, which means he has all the abilities of that energy beast. For the Blood Killing Sect, But it is very important, because this means that the power of this energy beast has become even greater, almost indistinguishable from the real divine beast, and even more powerful than the real divine beast against the Shadow Clan.