c7450 Wrong quantity

Just when those energy behemoths were about to lose their support, countless sky-filled fires suddenly fell from the sky, and then exploded directly on the battlefield. Those Dapeng never expected that at this time, the people of the Blood Killing Sect were actually still there. If they dare to set the sky full of fire, do they want to deal with those energy giant beasts together?

But those big rocs soon discovered that they were completely wrong. The golden light bursting out from the sky was very harmful to their rocs, but it did no harm to those energy giant beasts at all. Not only did it not Injury, those golden lights shining on the energy giant beast seemed to be absorbed by the energy giant beast. All their injuries were healed. This discovery surprised the big rocs. They never expected that those The energy giant can actually absorb those golden lights to recover from injuries. How can this be fun?

After absorbing the golden light, those energy giant beasts suddenly became energetic as if they had been injected with chicken blood. Then they started biting those big rocs non-stop, and those big rocs now all had injuries on their bodies. In this kind of situation, Under the circumstances, they really couldn't resist it. First, the ordinary rocs were wiped out one by one, and then wounds appeared on the black jade rocs, and the wounds were not small.

Finally, when all the other Dapeng were destroyed, the other Dapeng all turned around to deal with the black jade Dapeng. The black jade Dapeng finally could no longer hold on and began to suffer casualties. What makes those black jade rocs feel most impatient is that every once in a while, the Blood Killing Sect will launch a fire that fills the sky. The golden light not only hurts them, but also restores the injuries of the energy beasts. Next, they didn't last long before they were wiped out.

After the big rocs were destroyed, the energy beasts all looked up to the sky and roared, and then slowly retreated to the Blood Killing Sect's base. After arriving at the Blood Killing Sect's base, those giant beasts actually fell down. Shen immediately entered the Zhan Zhi Fortress of the Blood Killing Sect and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

When he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but nodded. He said in a deep voice: "The reaction of those Dapeng was actually quite fast, and they actually came up with a way to deal with our Mantianhuo. Next time they After discovering that the Mantianhuo didn't explode, I'm afraid I won't let those Mantianhuo go so easily."

Baiyan smiled slightly and said: "Even if they don't want to let go of those Mantianhuo, what can they do? It's impossible for them to do anything to those Mantianhuo. If Mantianhuo doesn't explode, will they dare to devour it? If they really If they dare to do that, the fire in the sky will explode immediately, and it will also make their mouths full of smoke."

"Hahahaha, what you said is really right. When they wanted to devour those Skyfires, when those Skyfires exploded, it really made their mouths full of smoke. Hahahaha, it's really interesting." Gu Yuanzheng rolled his eyes when he heard this. Saying this, he couldn't help laughing. He felt that what Bai Yan said was really vivid.

Baiyan smiled slightly, and then said: "What I care about is the number of those big rocs. Lao Gu, I don't know if you have noticed that the number of those black jade-like rocs is only about 100,000. Even if they are After devouring four Dapeng, it became like this. It was only half a million ordinary Dapeng. With these five hundred thousand Dapeng, the number of Dapeng that came to attack us this time was only a few. There is about 5.5 million animals, which is still far from the number we originally expected. There seems to be something weird in this, right?"

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Bai Yan said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought about it and nodded: "There is indeed something strange. Let's go to Lao Wen and the others to discuss it. We must not take those Dapeng lightly. , otherwise we would suffer a loss. Fortunately, we responded quickly this time, otherwise we would also suffer a loss."

Baiyan nodded, and the two of them ordered the staff to arrange for the disciples to rest, and then went to find Wen Wenhai together. When the two of them arrived at Wen Wenhai's command hall, they found that many of the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect had arrived, and everyone was discussing something.

As soon as Wen Wenhai saw the two people coming, he immediately said to them: "Lao Gu, Lao Bai, you are here, come quickly, tell us about the war on the front line, the number of Dapeng coming today, how do I feel? Something is wrong." Wen Wenhai is a very careful person. Although he did not see the battle on the front line with his own eyes, he could see it clearly through the radar. He also discovered something was wrong, and then everyone Come here and discuss it together.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, we are here just for this matter. This matter is actually very strange. We originally calculated that the number of Dapeng coming this time would exceed tens of millions, but there was no Thinking about it, only more than five million people came, and among these more than five million, only one hundred thousand were those black jade rocs. If this kind of black jade roc really swallowed four rocs, it would have been successful until now. At this level, that means that the number of Dapeng coming this time is only more than 5.5 million at most. This number is really far from the number we imagined, so we I want to discuss with everyone, what do you think is going on? Is it because the enemy has adjusted the number of Dapeng to attack, or is there some other reason."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "We were discussing this matter before, but we still don't have any answer. Lao Zhu, tell me what you think. I found out that among us, you are the only one The guy who usually keeps quiet has the most clever ideas, please tell me."

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, they all chuckled, and Zhu Yong also smiled and said: "I just don't have the chance to speak. Even if I don't speak, don't you all do everything well? Do I need to say more? But since you asked, I’ll just tell you what I think.”

He paused for a moment, then glanced at the others, and then said in a deep voice: "There are indeed some problems with the number of those big rocs. I have two guesses. The first is that they are those black jade rocs. They didn't grow to this level by devouring four ordinary rocs. The number of rocs they devoured may be even more. You must know that the strength of those rocs is very powerful. The first and second times we saw it before When they fired the Sky-Fire, they only used the golden light swallowed by less than 10,000 black jade rocs to block our nearly 10 million Sky-Fire, leaving them unscathed at all. How could such strength be enough? Maybe they are weak? The reason why we think they are weak may be because they did not rush into our Blood Killing Sect's base in the end, but don't forget those energy beasts. Those energy beasts are Foli energy beasts. We are dispatched How many energy beasts are there? There are so many energy beasts among them. In this case, they also used Mantianhuo to replenish energy to those energy beasts several times before defeating those Dapeng. Let me ask, those black jade Is it possible that the strength of Dapeng is weak? Speaking of this, I have to say, Lao Gu, Lao Bai, you two are really amazing. You actually came up with this method to use the sky full of fire to those people. The energy beast replenishes energy, I really don’t know how you came up with it, it’s so awesome.”

"Second, those black jade rocs. When developing new energy, some energy may need to be wasted. The new abilities I am talking about are the changes in their golden light, and those of the rocs. Upgrading, the upgrading of those rocs may require a waste of energy. The reason why this did not happen with the previous upgrading of rocs may just be because the number of rocs was very small, so when those rocs were upgraded, There is no strange behavior, and the golden light spit out from the mouth of the big roc has actually been upgraded. At first, the golden light may only have the ability to swallow. Later, when it was upgraded for the first time, the golden light spit out from the mouth of the big roc was actually upgraded. The golden light has the ability to crack magic weapons, magic circles, and energy attacks. This is their first upgrade, and this time, those golden lights have the ability to turn into shields. This is also an upgrade. This kind of If upgrading also requires energy consumption, then the enemy may reduce the number of rocs and use the excess energy to upgrade the rocs, so there will be a situation where the number of rocs decreases."

"Of course, these are just my guesses. I can't say whether this is the case or not. Maybe it's because Lao Gu and the others caught the enemy off guard with their continuous attacks, so the enemy didn't have time to send out so many Dapeng. Maybe, this is really hard to say." After Zhu Yong said this, he cupped his fists at everyone and then sat down.

But as soon as he sat down, everyone applauded. Zhu Yong could come up with so many things in such a short period of time. Let’s not talk about whether the things he came up with were true. He could come up with them. It’s already very remarkable, but others haven’t thought of anything yet.

Wen Wenhai also clapped, and after a while he pressed his hands, and everyone stopped. Wen Wenhai then continued: "To be honest, I was very surprised that Lao Zhu could think of it in such a short time. These are really amazing, and what he said is well-founded and very likely to be true, which makes it even more amazing. Is there anything else you want to say?"

Everyone fell silent, and it took a while for Gu Yuanzheng to speak: "I don't have anything to say. What Lao Zhu said was very comprehensive. To be honest, I still haven't been as comprehensive as Lao Zhu thought." Everyone else also clicked. He nodded, that was indeed the case. They were not as comprehensive as Zhu Yong thought until now, so naturally they had nothing to add.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, if everyone has nothing to say, then let's discuss what we should do next. The number of black jade Dapeng coming this time is not very large, but if more come in the future, , they are all this kind of black jade roc, so how should we deal with them? Do you have any ideas?"

There is a reason for Wen Wenhai to ask this. The combat power of those black jade rocs is much stronger than those of ordinary rocs. If all the black jade rocs that come out in the future are this kind of black jade rocs, how will they face it? Right? They must come up with a plan in advance, lest those black jade rocs appear and they have no way to deal with them, which will be miserable.