c7452 natal rune

Wen Wenhai looked at the two people and said with a smile: "You also saw it, right? Hahahaha, to be honest, I really didn't expect that Lao Wen could do so well, but this is not the limit, Lao Wen and the others Still researching, but I heard that the enemy we are facing now is very powerful, so I sent some natal runes first. These runes have all been illuminated, a million in total, and they are still making the rest. , you can use these first. From now on, I will send someone to send you some runes every day. You already know how to use them. You have to teach those disciples as soon as possible. Go ahead." As he said that, Wen Wenhai A space bag was thrown to the two of them.

Gu Yuanzheng took the space bag and put it away directly. Then he turned to Wen Yuming and said: "Lao Wen, you are so awesome, hahahaha. I have to thank you very much this time. Next time I will I really don’t know how many enemies we have to face. You have helped us a lot this time, but I have a lot of things to do there, so I will leave first." After saying that, he hugged his fist at Wen Yuming, then turned and left. .

Watching Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan leave, Wen Yuming couldn't help laughing and said: "This guy Lao Gu does this every time." He has known Gu Yuanzheng for long enough to know what kind of person Gu Yuanzheng is. , he knows that Gu Yuanzheng is such a person, and naturally he will not be angry because of Gu Yuanzheng's performance.

Wen Wenhai also smiled slightly and said: "He is also anxious. Those black jade rocs are not that easy to deal with. I think he doesn't want those black jade rocs to rush into our Blood Killing Sect's base now, because once they let them Those black jade rocs that rush into our Blood Slaughter Sect's base will always cause some damage to the base, and he doesn't want that, so that's why he does this."

Wen Yuming said with a smile: "I think so, he is a frontline commander. Maybe in his view, letting the enemy come to our base to destroy it is an insult to him, so he doesn't want to do that at all. Forget it, let's not talk about it, I have to go back. I still have a lot of things to be busy with now. I'm leaving. By the way, this is what I compiled, a booklet about the natal runes of all monsters. You give him to Shu Li, he wants to improve the combat effectiveness of their alien clan and see if he can get some inspiration from this. This is what I just sorted out." After saying this, Wen Yuming took out a piece of jade. Jane handed it over to Wen Wenhai, then turned and left.

Wen Wenhai looked at the warm jade slip in his hand and couldn't help but smile. He knew that the reason why Wen Yuming gave this jade slip to him instead of giving it to Chen Li in person was to let him sell it to Shu Li. A favor, because now Wen Wenhai is the commander, and if he sells Shu Li a favor, Shu Li will be grateful to him in the future, so that he can command Shu Li or the alien clan more easily.

Although the alien clan does not seem to have strong combat power now, everyone knows that as long as the alien clan is given a chance, they can develop infinitely. It can be said that their potential is endless. What they lack now is an opportunity. When they grow up, they will become one of the strongest combatants in the Blood Killing Sect.

As the commander of the Blood Killing Sect, Wen Wenhai would be of great help to him if he could better command the alien clan. And this jade slip, which records the natal runes of countless monsters, may be of great help to him. The Alien Clan is of great help. Giving this jade slip to the Alien Clan is equivalent to a great favor to the Alien Clan. Then the Alien Clan will naturally be very grateful to him in the future.

Wen Wenhai accepted Yu Yu's kindness. Although there was no intrigue among the core members of the Blood Killing Sect, they were also divided into several factions. The first faction was Zhao Hai's servant faction. , this faction includes Zhu Yong, including the Necromancer clan, the Alien clan, the Jiu Shugui clan, and Ding Chunming and others. It can be said that they are the most loyal faction to Zhao Hai, and they are extremely powerful. No one can Comparable to them.

The second faction is the Original Blood Killing Sect. The current figures in this faction are actually represented by Chang Jun. These people are all old members of the Original Blood Killing Sect. They were all rescued by Zhao Hai. They are very interested in Zhao Hai. Hai is also very loyal, and these people are very united, so the strength of their group is not enough to be underestimated.

The third faction is Wen Wenhai and his group. People in their faction have been following Zhao Hai for a long time. Among them, including those who originally explored Haizong, there are also people like Wen Yuming who later followed Zhao Hai. There are also people like Yao Jianhao who are from other sects and merged into the Blood Killing Sect. They also hugged each other, and among them, Wen Wenhai was the main one. Their The power is also very large and the strength is very strong, but relatively speaking, the structure is somewhat loose.

However, although they are divided into three factions, these three factions usually do not really publicly establish their factions, nor do they really determine who is the leader. It is just that the people in each faction are closer to each other. So in fact, strictly speaking, it is not a faction, because in their view, there is no need for them to form a faction at all. There is no need at all. In the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai is the real god, and other people form factions. Yes, what's the use?

But relatively speaking, Zhao Hai's servants may have the highest status in the Blood Killing Sect. Although they don't usually show it, you will know it just by looking at them. Like Zhu Yong, like Shu Li, they can They are all the people Zhao Hai trusts the most. Of course, Wen Wenhai is also the person Zhao Hai trusts the most, and he is also the most powerful person under Zhao Hai. But even if Wen Wenhai wants to command Shu Li and them, he cannot give too strong orders. , face still needs to be given.

Now that there was an opportunity, Wen Wenhai naturally had no objection to selling Shu Li to him, but he couldn't forget to be famous, so he directly sent someone to invite Shu Li and Cang Ming to his room. After the people arrived, Wen Wenhai looked at it and said: "Sili, Cang Ming, this is for you. This is compiled by Lao Wen and the others. Some of the natal runes of monsters. This may be useful for you to upgrade the alien clan and study monster warfare." The combat effectiveness will be very beneficial. You should take it and study it carefully." He didn't need to say that this thing was brought by him because of his reputation, or whatever, as long as he handed it to Shu Li and the others with his own hands. , then they will remember his goodness.

Sure enough, when Shu Li and Cang Ming heard what he said, they were both stunned, and then their faces immediately showed expressions of excitement. Shu Li quickly took the jade slip, and mentally searched into the jade slip. The expression of excitement on his face became even stronger. After a while, he took a deep breath, and then handed the jade slip to Cang Ming. Then he cupped his fist at Wen Wenhai and said, "Elder Wen, I thank you very much. Things are really important to us.”

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and said: "Okay, why are you being polite to me? You can study it slowly. The boss is too busy recently. Otherwise, the boss will definitely pay attention to this matter personally. The boss will pay attention to this matter. You, the alien clan, take the upgrade very seriously, and you must study it carefully after you go back."

Shun Li and Cang Ming, who put down the jade slip, both responded, and then Wen Wenhai smiled at them and said, "Okay, then you two can go back. Let the alien clan upgrade as soon as possible. A little bit involved in the fight." The two of them responded, fisted at him again, and then turned around and left.

After the two people left, Wen Wenhai smiled slightly. Wen Wenhai saw all their reactions. He knew that the two of them were grateful to him, but they would not say it out loud because there was no need. These people are all friends. If they really thank each other so much, it would be meaningless.

But this ancient expedition, who was returning to the front line, was handing over the natal runes to the captains, especially the captains of the 10,000-person team, because these small-captains of the 10,000-person team were the blood-killing sect. The real main force here. Gu Yuanzheng knows that now they only have more than one million natal runes, which is really not a lot. It would be great if everyone can have a natal rune in the future. Now they can only divide it up first. used.

He is giving these natal runes to the captains now so that they can practice well after they go back, so that they will not encounter the enemy in the future and they will be in a hurry. He has read the introduction about this rune. This rune It can be used repeatedly. As long as it is not damaged, there will be no problems, so they can be tested repeatedly.

In order to see the results of those people's experiments, Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan went outside to observe in person. They saw that after the teams of ten thousand people gathered, bursts of energy immediately appeared in their formation, and then there was a wave of energy. Buddha's power was injected into their formation, and then a beast roar came, and then an energy beast slowly appeared on top of their formation, but this energy beast was different from the previous ancient expedition. The energy beast he saw was completely different. The golden light on this energy beast had converged. The entire energy beast looked like a real monster beast. All the hair on his body could be seen. It was clear as day that there was no feeling of an energy beast at all.

As soon as he saw these energy beasts, Gu Yuanzheng knew that the strength of these energy beasts must be very powerful, because they are energy beasts, and they have gathered all their energy and will not let it go until it is time to attack the enemy. Come out, this kind of energy beast is the most dangerous.

Just when Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan were looking at those energy beasts, they saw that those energy beasts jumped directly and entered the Zhan Zhi Fortress, and then disappeared. This situation made Gu Yuan Zheng and Bai Yan both They were stunned for a moment, the two of them really didn't know what was going on.

Gu Yuanzheng immediately called the captain of a team of ten thousand people over and said to the captain: "Ying Wushuang, what's going on? Didn't I ask you to test it a few more times? How did you let those energy beasts enter the woods? ? And why did they disappear as soon as they entered the woods? Didn’t they even have any energy? Where did they go? "