c7459 wings

As soon as they heard what Mr. Zhen said, everyone was stunned, but then they all nodded involuntarily. Gu Yuanzheng's expressions changed even more. This time they were able to take care of those big rocs so smoothly. It may also be because those big rocs were hit by the phantom formation and did not resist without thinking, so he succeeded so easily. If those big rocs really transformed, their attack would be Will it still be so easy? Not necessarily.

When Wen Wenhai heard what Mr. Zhen said, he was stunned, and then nodded and said: "This is very possible. They have used the other party's transformation ability before, but not many times. , and the power is not very great, but if the opponent has this ability to transform, it cannot be as simple as being able to transform. There must be corresponding methods to cooperate with them in fighting, this is for sure. "

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Actually, if you really think about it, the situation here in the Garuda Realm is just to cooperate with the Dapeng clan's fighting style. This is why we are in this situation. There is no way for us to fall to the ground. Maybe In their view, we cannot be the opponent of the Dapeng clan in the air. If the opponent really has a way to cooperate with those Kuns in fighting, then it makes sense. This method is most likely to be water! "

Bai Yan said: "Yes, Kun can enter the water, and the water is their world, so it is very likely that they will create a world of water, and then attack us together. If that is the case, then for us , it also has a certain impact.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "We have to guard against this, but even if they want to use water to deal with us, we have nothing to worry about. Our Blood Killing Sect's territory is not actually used on this layer. The power of the laws of the interface, we use the power of our own laws of the Blood Sample Sect, so if they really attack us with water, it is impossible for the water to enter the base of our Blood Killer Sect, our Blood Killer Sect The base will remain as it is now, so this shouldn't have a big impact on us.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "We have to take precautions, but we just need to do some defenses. If it is not necessary, we should make some changes now. If the enemy really does not turn around to deal with us, we will make changes. , but it’s not good, as long as we are mentally prepared.”

Everyone nodded. Wen Wenhai turned to look at the old man Jiu Suan and said, "Elder Jiu Suan, what do you think of this situation? If the other party really turns this layer of interface into water. The same place, will our formation need to be changed at that time?"

The old man Jiu Suan said in a deep voice: "Actually, there is nothing to worry about. Although we have tested the Five Elements Killing Array before, it is not very useful for those big rocs, but we are arranging the magic array. , but we have not completely given up on the Five Elements Ultimate Formation. If the enemy really turns this layer of interface into a water realm, then we can immediately activate the Five Elements Ultimate Formation. By that time, this Five Elements Ultimate Formation will The killing formation will become a weapon to resist the water. This five-element killing formation can definitely absorb the water and turn it into their energy, and it is impossible for that water to enter our body. Base, but this Five Elements Killing Formation, even if it can block the water, cannot block those Kuns, so if those Kuns enter the base, we still have to deal with it ourselves."

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "That's no problem. As long as the water doesn't enter the Blood Killing Sect, just those Kuns, it won't be difficult to clean up the business. You can rest assured about this." Gu Yuanzheng is now very With confidence, the illusion formation, and the strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, it would be really easy to deal with those Kuns.

Wen Wenhai looked at the two people, nodded and said: "Okay, as long as you are sure, everyone should go back and rest. In three days, we will attack and see how the enemy will respond this time." Everyone agreed. With a cry, they all stood up, turned around and walked out.

The three of them, Gu Yuanzheng, also returned to the frontline headquarters. When they arrived at the frontline headquarters, Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Before, we really forgot about the things that the big roc could transform into. They have always been... The form of Dapeng was not very powerful when it fought with us and turned into Kun, and it only happened twice, so we didn't think about it for a while. Now that Jingzhen Lao said this, it was really scary. I jumped."

Bai Yan's face was a little solemn and he said: "Yes, if it weren't for the reminder from the old man, we would have really forgotten about this matter. This is really something that should not be done. We must pay more attention next time, but you When Mr. Zhen mentioned this, did he feel something? Mr. Zhen is very powerful. In addition, he is a special life form. Maybe his senses will be particularly keen, so he can feel it. What, it’s normal, it’s precisely because he felt something that he said these things. If you think about it from this point of view, is it possible that the next thing we face will be Kun’s attack?”

Gu Yuanzheng frowned and thought about what Bai Yan said. After a while, he shook his head and said: "It's really hard to talk about this matter, but I haven't heard that Zhen Lao feels that way. Maybe he just reminds us that if If he really feels that way, it should be more than just a reminder."

The old man Jiusuan nodded and said: "I also think that it is impossible for Mr. Zhen to feel something. If he really feels something, he will definitely remind us, instead of just saying this, the sect master's feelings for all of us Feelings are actually very important, so I also feel that he didn’t feel anything, but just thought about it.”

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "No matter what, we have to be careful. We took care of those big rocs so easily this time, and almost all attacks came from behind them. , then it is impossible for these Dapeng to be defenseless at all. Even if they do not turn into Kun, they will definitely find a way to deal with us. It is not easy for us to use this method to deal with them. Something happened."

Both of them nodded, and Gu Yuanzheng then said: "Give me the order, tell everyone about this matter, so that everyone can be mentally prepared to avoid any problems that may arise in the future." As soon as his voice fell, a staff officer immediately responded and then passed on his order.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye, and all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were ready. Then following the order of Gu Yuanzheng, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately moved forward. Their attack routine was still the same. We are a small team, sitting on a medium-sized magic weapon, followed by the magic circle deployment team, and behind it is the war plant planting team.

The distance they advanced this time was still 10,000 miles. When they reached the distance of 10,000 miles, they stopped directly. At this time, it was only about an hour before the enemy appeared, and then they released a large amount of energy. Beasts, but this time the Ancient Expedition issued an order, that is, all the energy beasts released by the disciples this time must have a considerable proportion of water energy beasts. This is a mandatory requirement.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also knew why. The Ancient Expedition had already issued the order before, so they did not object and directly released the energy beasts. Moreover, the proportion of water energy beasts reached about three levels. In just one hour, , they couldn't release many energy beasts. One hour and two quarters later, dense dots finally appeared on the radar screen of the Ancient Expedition, and the enemy finally came.

As soon as the enemies appeared this time, Gu Yuanzheng did not immediately attack them with Skyfire. Instead, he immediately zoomed in on the screen and looked at the enemies on the screen. He was relieved when he saw that they were coming to attack them this time. The enemy is not Kun, it is still Dapeng, but this time the Dapeng seems to be a little different.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at these Dapeng, frowned and said: "Why do I feel that these Dapeng that appeared this time are a little different? Have you noticed it?" Gu Yuanzheng felt that the Dapeng this time seemed a little different. It wasn't right, but he couldn't tell what was wrong, so he looked at the old man Bai Yan and Jiu Suan.

Baiyan and Old Man Jiusuan also stared at the big rocs on the screen. For a while, Baiyan's eyes flashed and he said, "That's not right. Pay attention to the wings of these rocs. Although their wings look like they are similar to There was no difference before, but it was thicker than before. If you look carefully, you will also find that when their wings are waving, there is a very thin gap in the middle. In other words, their wings are two layers. "

Gu Yuanzheng and Old Man Jiusuan both looked at the wings of these big rocs carefully. Sure enough, their wings looked thicker than before. When the wings were waving, there was a very thin gap in the middle of the wings. That was That is to say, these wings are really two layers.

Two wings? What good could this do? This surprised Gu Yuanzheng, but he still said: "The sky is full of fire attacks. I really want to see what these rocs have an extra pair of wings for. Do they think that a pair of wings is used for it?" It’s too slow to fly with wings. Do you want to grow an extra pair of wings so that you can fly faster?”

The staff officer responded and immediately gave the order, and then countless sky-fires attacked the big rocs, and those big rocs obviously saw the sky-fires, but this time the big rocs did not speed up, and they also Instead of using the golden light from their mouths to attack the sky-full of fire, they flapped their wings and suddenly blew up a gust of black wind. This wind was really black. These black winds blew straight towards the sky-full of fire. In the past, when the wind blew against those sky-filled fires, ice formed on the sky-filled fires in an instant, and then all the sky-filled fires exploded. However, when the exploded Buddha seal encountered the black The wind was also shaky, without any of the power it had before. The black wind actually broke the sky full of fire!