c7458 remind

However, the distance of a hundred miles was still too close. Those big rocs rushed directly into the Blood Killing Sect's base at those magic weapons. Although the Blood Killing Sect's sword energy was still attacking and the sky-wide fire was still attacking, Those energy beasts were still attacking, but more and more Dapeng rushed into the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Dapeng, who first rushed into the Blood Killing Sect base, felt their eyes blur. The next moment, they felt that they seemed to have come to a world of wind, and the most important thing was that the wind turned out to be smooth. They rushed in the direction of their flight, which made these Dapeng's speed become much faster.

These Dapeng were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately reacted. They entered the Blood Killing Sect's base just to destroy the Blood Killing Sect's base, so of course they were not polite and directly attacked the big roc. Opening their mouths, a golden light shot out from their mouths and shot straight down.

But below them, there is a sea of ​​clouds, and the woods of the Blood Killing Sect can no longer be seen. But those Dapeng all know that the woods of the Blood Killing Sect must be below them, because they already know that the woods of the Blood Killing Sect are There is a phantom formation here at the base, so the woods of the Blood Killing Sect must be down there. They didn't need to look any further, as a golden light shot directly down.

But after the golden light shot out, they discovered that the golden light passed directly through the clouds and mist, but they did not see the woods of the Blood Killing Sect at all. This surprised the big rocs. They really didn’t know what was going on. At this moment, they suddenly felt a gust of wind coming from behind them. Before they could react, At that moment, they felt that their heads had been cut off directly.

More and more Dapeng entered the Blood Slaughter Sect's base. What they saw was the same as the previous Dapeng. When they lowered their heads, they happened to see the clouds and mist in the Blood Slaughter Sect's base. Immediately, golden light was fired at the clouds and mist. They all thought that it was the illusory formation of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as the illusory formation was broken, they could see the woods of the Blood Killing Sect. However, what surprised them was that although those clouds and mist They were dispersed, but the woods of the Blood Killing Sect did not appear, which made them very puzzled. And when they didn't stop, they were immediately attacked, and their attacks were without exception. , all from behind their backs.

They also wanted to see the situation of their other companions, but when they turned to look around, they found that the surroundings were completely white and they could not see any of their companions. Then they encountered an attack. This attack came It was very sudden and very fast, giving them no time to react. The most important thing was that the attack came from their backs. You have to know that monsters like Dapeng, their backs, In fact, their defense is the worst. Attacking them from their back will have the best effect. Their back is their weak point.

These big rocs fly very high and very fast. It is precisely because of this that they generally do not have to worry about attacks from their backs. It is precisely because of this that their backs become their Weaknesses, but they did not expect that this time the Blood Killing Sect was specifically targeting their weaknesses. All attacks came from their backs, which made them not know what to do for a moment.

They had no way to notify their companions, because they found that the sound they made seemed to be mixed up by another sound, and other people could not hear the sound they made at all. They wanted to use their mental power to tell Other companions, but they found that here, their mental power seemed to be greatly suppressed. They could not use their mental power at all, which made them have to be careful at all times, but even so, they still They died one after another. Even if they were lucky enough to escape one or two attacks, there would be a third or fourth time. If there were too many such attacks, they would naturally not be able to escape.

As each Dapeng was eliminated, more and more Dapeng entered the Blood Killing Sect's base and were then eliminated. Finally, the number of Dapeng in the Blood Killing Sect's base became less and less. After nearly two years, After a fierce killing spree, there was finally not a single roc left in the Blood Killing Sect base, and all the rocs had been wiped out.

That was nearly 10 billion Dapeng. All of them were wiped out. This surprised Gu Yuanzheng. He looked at the crowd and said, "So fast? In less than two days, nearly 10 billion Dapeng were wiped out." , were all wiped out? Isn’t that too fast? Are those big rocs so easy to deal with? "

He was really surprised. He thought this time it would be a hard battle, but he didn't expect that this battle would be even easier than the last time. How could he not be surprised, so he asked this question. She rolled her eyes at him and said solemnly: "I think we have to thank Elder Jiu Suan for this. If we hadn't used the Yin-Yang Reversal Formation, we wouldn't have been able to take care of those Dapeng so easily. Who would have thought , the weakness of those big rocs turned out to be their backs."

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng also turned to look at the old man Jiusuan, and said with a smile: "Elder Jiusuan, I really didn't expect that you also learned this trick. I remember that the young master seemed to have used this trick back then, right? The world turned upside down Turn around, making those people think that the sky is the earth and the earth is the sky, so when they entered the base of our Blood Killing Sect, their backs were actually facing the ground, and the direction they were facing was actually the sky, so they No matter how they attack, they are attacking the sky, and there is no illusion formation in the sky, so no matter how they attack the sky, there will be no results."

The old man Jiu Suan smiled and said: "Yes, when the young master used this trick, I also knew it. This time I suddenly thought of it, so I used part of the gravity to directly achieve this effect. , In addition, we have been using gravity and anti-gravity to attack those big rocs before, and it has shown its effectiveness. Whether those big rocs feel gravity or anti-gravity, they all think that we are attacking them, and they don't care at all. You would think that when they entered the base, their yin and yang were actually reversed, so this plan would be so easy to succeed."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, then smiled and said: "You did a very good job this time. Now that the matter has been resolved, we must go see Lao Wen. I think after this time, the enemy may have to upgrade again. Well, after all, this is an interface created by the great master of Buddhism to train his disciples. It is impossible for hundreds of billions of Dapeng to appear at once. If that were the case, no disciple would be able to pass this level. The basic laws here have not been fully understood. If the enemy wants to deal with us, there is only one way to upgrade."

Baiyan and the old man Jiusuan all nodded, and then Gu Yuanzheng told the staff officers and led the two of them directly to Wen Wenhai's command hall. As soon as the three of them entered the command hall, they heard Zhu Yong The voice came: "If the basic laws here in the Garuda Realm have not been completely changed, then there should not be more enemies. And the reason why I say that the basic laws here have not been completely changed The change is because, I think, the basic laws here have actually changed. Otherwise, even this time, the tens of billions of Dapeng would not have appeared."

At this time, Wen Wenhai also saw the three of them and rolled his eyes. He nodded to the three of them and waved his hand for the three of them to sit down. The three of them also sat down directly because they had already discovered that this meeting had already begun. What Zhu Yong said was exactly what they thought before, so they didn't say anything.

Zhu Yong then said: "This is an inner space created by the great master of Buddhism. Whether this inner space is specifically for training disciples or for his own use, he will not design such an inner space, making it impossible for people to pass through it. Not to mention the attack of tens of billions of Dapeng, even if it is the attack of one billion Dapeng, no one can survive, but now there is a situation where tens of billions of Dapeng have been launching attacks. From now on It can be seen from a little bit that some of the basic laws here have been changed, but they have not been completely changed, that's why it is like this."

Everyone nodded. Zhu Yong's guess was very reasonable. No matter what the Buddhist master was doing to create this inner space, it was impossible for him to make such a powerful thing for the people in this inner space. An opponent is not to train the people in this inner space, but to make the people in this inner space die.

After Zhu Yong finished speaking, he continued: "So I think the enemy may escalate next, because with their current combat effectiveness, even if they come in large numbers, they will not pose a threat to us. If they If they don’t upgrade, they will never be our opponents, so if I were the enemy, I would also upgrade, but I don’t know what the enemy will become in one upgrade.”

After finishing speaking, Zhu Yong sat down. Wen Wenhai turned to look at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "If you have anything else you want to say, it's best to say it all now." Wen Wenhai also felt that Zhu Yong What he said made sense, but he still had to listen to other people's opinions. Maybe other people had different opinions.

At this time, Mr. Zhen stood up. As soon as they saw Mr. Zhen standing up, everyone's energy suddenly focused. They all knew the identity of Mr. Zhen, the commander of the staff. It can also be said that he is the leader of the whole blood. As the Chief of Staff of the Killing Sect, his words often help the entire staff, so everyone attaches great importance to his opinions.

Mr. Zhen glanced at everyone, and then said: "There is one thing that I hope everyone can pay attention to. Although it may not be of any use to say this, I still hope that everyone can pay attention to it, that is, don't Forgot, those big rocs have the ability to transform. There was a big roc that turned into a big fish before, that is, Kun. That also proves that those rocs have the ability to transform, and this layer of the interface will not Only with the ability of Dapeng to transform, there may be some way to help them transform and fight, this is something we must pay attention to."