c7455 kill

The battle continued for a while, because there were too many Dapengs participating in the battle this time, and if these Dapeng were not all entangled here and had no way to leave, then the two sides would be in a fight to the death. Faced with this situation, Naturally, both sides are going to fight to the death.

Although the addition of Ding Chunming and the others was a blow to the Dapeng, their number was too small. Precisely because of this, it was not necessary to end this war earlier. It's so easy, and those Dapeng are not easy to deal with.

Upon seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but frown. He glanced at the battlefield, and then said: "If we continue to fight like this, it will take several days to wipe out all these big rocs." The time, this time is too long, we must think of other ways."

Bai Yan said solemnly: "Just let the disciples attack. Anyway, if they fuse the Dharma and release it, it will not affect them in releasing the energy beast. It is time to let them participate in such a big battle. With their participation, I believe the situation will be better." It will be different, how about it?" Bai Yan is now the deputy of Gu Yuanzheng, so he will put forward his own opinions, but he will not make a decision directly. He has to ask Gu Yuanzheng.

Gu Yuanzheng thought for a while, and finally nodded and said: "Okay, let them take action. By the way, notify all Buddhist disciples and rush to the battlefield to form a Buddhist power blessing array and continue to bless the battlefield. Although we have a large number of fires in the sky, we can’t use them like this all the time. Let’s let those Buddhist disciples also participate.”

Immediately, a staff member responded, and the order for Ma Gu's expedition was passed on. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who received the order were all happy. To be honest, they looked at those energy beasts and Ding Chunming and the others, fighting with those big rocs there. The fight was lively, but they could only stand and watch, which was not a good feeling.

Now that they could finally participate, they were naturally very happy. They immediately lined up and rushed forward. As they rushed forward, a figure slowly appeared above their heads. The giant, and then groups of Blood Killing Sect disciples, all disappeared into the giant's body. The giant took the knife and moved forward slowly, but soon, a faint light appeared in the giant's body. The golden light then became brighter and brighter, and finally became very dazzling, which made this giant look very sacred.

The giant's speed was very fast. It didn't take long for the giant to arrive at the battlefield. Then the giant rushed directly into the battlefield and fought with the big rocs. The only attack by these giants was the knife in their hands. , these giants are very tall, and their swords are naturally very long. Such large swords are just right for attacking those big rocs. Basically, all the big rocs will be cut in two by them. If there is a big roc that wants to attack, They, but this giant's body is made of metal. Even if you attack them, it will be of no use.

Just as those giants were joining the battlefield one after another, countless disciples flew out from the Blood Killing Sect's base at once. These disciples were all dressed up as Buddhist disciples, but what they held in their hands was It was the Demon-Conquering Pestle, and then these disciples all arrived at the edge of the battlefield. Then they stood the Demon-Conquering Pestle in front of themselves, and then began to chant in a low voice. Although their voices were not very loud, countless disciples chanted in unison. , this sound is mixed together, but it still seems very amazing.

Following their voices, countless golden lights emerged from their bodies and the demon-subduing pestle in front of them, and then these golden lights spilled directly onto the battlefield. After being covered by this golden light, the energy beasts and giants in the battlefield Everyone seemed very excited, and the power of the attack became more powerful.

Although this golden light is not of great help to Ding Chunming and the others, it does not have any impact. It can play a certain role in blessing their weapons, allowing them to deal with those black jade rocs, even more It was more convenient, so Ding Chunming and the others attacked more fiercely.

Contrary to them, those black jade rocs, when they encountered this golden light, seemed to have been poured sulfuric acid directly on them. The black smoke on their bodies became thicker and thicker, as if they were It was as if they were burning, and they looked very scary. At the same time, their aura became weaker.

They are getting weaker, but those energy beasts and giants are getting stronger. After those giants enter the battlefield, energy beasts will still fly out from their bodies from time to time, constantly attacking those The giant attacked, which made those big rocs even less able to fight back.

The battle between the two sides has continued. The number of black jade Dapeng coming this time is really too much. Even if they kill with all their strength, it will take a long time to kill them all, and these black jade Dapeng are not finished. It wasn't that they had no power to fight back at all, there were quite a few energy beasts dispersed by them, but none of the energy beasts with natal runes were dispersed.

The battle lasted for more than ten hours. Under the all-out attack of the Blood Killing Sect, all the black jade rocs were finally wiped out. After those big rocs were wiped out, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect let out a sigh of relief. Although such a battle is not very dangerous for them, such a long period of high-intensity battle still makes them feel very nervous.

But Ding Chunming and the others felt very happy this time. The most important thing was that they found that their strength had been improved time and time again. Their strength was much stronger than when they just participated in the battle. Sure enough, actual combat is the fastest way for monks to improve.

And those energy beasts, after wiping out all the black jade rocs, all returned to the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and directly entered the Buddhist power plants to restore their own strength, and those Buddhist disciples , although they were just chanting sutras, they consumed a lot of energy and were very tired.

As soon as he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng immediately gave everyone an order to rest, and replaced a group of Blood Killing Sect disciples to garrison in the Zhanzhi Fortress. Then he followed Bai Yan and went directly to the command hall. Even the old man followed them to the command hall.

When the three of them arrived at the command hall, they found that many people were already there, and among these people, there was Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming had just finished the battle and rushed to the command hall immediately. As for the people in the command hall, when they saw Gu Yuanzheng and the three of them, they all stood up and applauded them non-stop.

What they did made Gu Yuanzheng feel very embarrassed. He repeatedly clasped his fists at everyone, causing everyone to burst into laughter. After a while, everyone calmed down. Wen Wenhai looked at Gu Yuanzheng with a smile on his face. Said: "Lao Gu, you did a good job, hahahaha, you did a really good job, you wiped out a billion enemies in one go, and you still had multiple arms fighting together. Okay, really good."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "It's nothing. In fact, those energy beasts did a great job. Where is Lao Wen? I want to thank him properly. The natal rune energy beast he created this time is really It's so powerful. An energy beast with a natal rune can withstand dozens of ordinary energy beasts. The attack power of this energy beast is very powerful, and it can even use spells. There are many of those big rocs. , all killed by these natal rune energy beasts."

Everyone turned to look at Wen Yuming, who also came to have a meeting. As soon as Wen Yuming saw everyone looking at him, he couldn't help but smile bitterly, stood up, clasped his fists at everyone and said, "It's nothing to me. Without everyone's ideas, I wouldn't have made it." I really didn’t expect that this kind of natal rune could play such a big role, but speaking of it, I really think Elder Ding and the others contributed the most.”

Everyone nodded, then turned to look at Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming glanced at everyone, stood up, raised his fists at everyone and said: "We are nothing, those Buddhist disciples contribute the most." After that, he sat down. He came down, and everyone understood what he meant. He meant that those Buddhist disciples outside the battlefield who kept chanting sutras and supporting the battlefield contributed the most.

"Okay, let's stop talking." At this time, Wen Wenhai said: "You have done a very good job. This time it was all of us who worked together to defeat the enemy. But this time billions of dollars came. enemies, but the strongest among the enemies are still those black jade rocs. If the next time the enemies come are all those black jade rocs, then the number may be even greater. Let’s talk about what we want to do. Deal with it?"

Everyone was silent for a moment, and then Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said in a deep voice: "I think, in fact, we had some wrong ideas before, and that was about the use of our magic circle." He paused at this point, Then he glanced at everyone, and then said: "What I'm talking about is the use of the phantom killing formation."

Everyone looked at Gu Yuanzheng with some confusion. Gu Yuanzheng looked at everyone and said solemnly: "What I mean is, why can't our phantom killing formation be used directly on the battlefield? We won't let it The enemy entered our Blood Killing Sect's base because they were afraid that they would destroy our Blood Killing Sect's base. However, if we brought the phantom killing formation to the battlefield, we would have someone who is proficient in magic formations to do it. Control, wouldn’t that help us more?”

Everyone was stunned, but then their eyes lit up. Wen Wenhai turned to look at Old Man Jiusuan and Wen Yuming, because among everyone present, they were the only two who had the most say in the formation. Yes, if the two of them agree, then they can put the phantom killing formation on the battlefield next time. I believe that it will be of great help to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

When the old man Jiu Suan saw that everyone was looking at him and Wen Yu, he couldn't help but smile, and then said in a deep voice: "Actually, we are not afraid of changing the phantom killing formation to the battlefield. We can completely let the enemy enter our blood." I don’t think there is any need to worry about the damage they will cause to the base if they enter our base.”