c7456 Change

When everyone heard what he said, they were all stunned and looked at him with some confusion. Although those Zhan Zhi were pretty good, it was impossible to block the attack of those black jade rocs. If Yu Dapeng keeps attacking the Blood Killing Sect, the consequences will be very troublesome. At least the Blood Killing Sect's base will be destroyed, that's for sure. Why would Old Man Nine Calculations say that there will be no damage to the base?

The old man Jiu Suan glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "Don't forget, our Zhan Zhi Fortress actually has a magic circle. The most difficult one is the gravity magic circle. We can completely let it go. Plant the fortress and directly activate the gravity array. It is just an anti-gravity array. It directly lifts up all the rocs and lets them fight in the sky above the woods. Then, we add our phantom killing array, and then add Our war plant, in this way, the battle will not cause too much damage to the base. As long as we lead the enemy to the base, as long as we have the help of the phantom killing array and the help of the war plant fortress, then Once we take care of those enemies, there won’t be any problems, what do you think?”

When the old man Jiu Suan said this, everyone couldn't help but be stunned, and then they couldn't help but nodded. If this is really the case, it is really possible. Doing so will lead the enemy into the trap of the Blood Killing Sect. When it's time to clean up those black jade rocs, there will naturally be no problems.

The old man Jiu Suan then said: "Also, we can let the Buddhist disciples ambush in the woods first, and those energy beasts can also get better energy to be replenished in the woods, plus there are those Buddha power plants. Now, it will be easier for us to deal with those black jade rocs, and we have not completely given up. We will attack the black jade rocs outside the base. Our sky-wide fire can still attack those black jade rocs outside the base. When the Dapeng attacks, the energy beasts can also leave the base and attack the Dapeng. Even our sword array and revolving sword wings can also attack those Dapeng. Once the Dapeng has overcome these attacks, they Only then can we enter the base. When they enter the base, we can use the phantom killing array we have set up in advance to deal with them. I believe they will be unable to escape by then."

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, and finally nodded: "What Elder Jiusuan said is very reasonable. As long as we arrange it well, our base will be a huge trap. As long as the enemy comes in forcefully, we will do whatever we want. Deal with them, deal with them how you want, this will make it easier for us."

Gu Yuanzheng also nodded and said: "Yes, what Elder Jiusuan said is very reasonable. This time is actually very dangerous. As disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it takes too long to participate in the battle at one time. Ten After fighting for many hours, all the disciples were almost unable to hold on any longer. This was very dangerous. If there were more enemies coming next time than this time, then the disciples would have to fight longer. If they really can't support it, they may be in danger. If something really happens, then we have no way to explain it to the young master, but if we really fight against the enemy in the base, then we can It’s completely different. We can fight against the enemy, but we have a magic array to help us cover. If the disciples feel tired, they can go to rest directly and let others deal with those black jade rocs. This will be more effective. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with this method of protection.”

When everyone heard what he said, they all nodded, and then Gu Yuanzheng said: "This is more convenient than setting up the phantom killing array on the battlefield, because our phantom killing array should have been arranged by that time. The range is very large and the power is also very powerful, so it will be easier to deal with the enemy."

Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, that's it. Our base is now very well completed. It would be a pity not to use it all the time. Our base is an active defense base. It is not like a shield. It can only For defense, his greater role is actually to kill the enemy, so it would be a pity to leave it unused."

Everyone nodded, and Zhu Yong said solemnly: "I also think it is very feasible. There are too many ways to attack the enemy in our base. Although we will not be able to use Mantianhuo by then, but then It doesn’t matter at all. Whether it’s Buddha power plants or Buddhist disciples, they can use Buddha power to support the battlefield. With some of our other methods, I believe we can definitely defeat tens or even hundreds of billions of enemies. All of them were destroyed in our base."

Everyone nodded at the same time: "Agree!" They also spoke at the same time because they thought this proposal was very good. When Wen Wenhai saw that everyone agreed, he nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as everyone agrees, then we have decided. Next time we attack, no matter how many enemies there are, we will kill them all." Put them into our base, and then pick them up in the base."

Everyone responded, and Wen Wenhai turned to Elder Jiu Suan and Wen Yu Ming and said: "Elder Jiu Suan, Lao Wen, you will have to work hard when the time comes. You should also know the situation here in our base. It still needs to be improved. You must put more thought into our base and arrange as many killing formations as possible. This time, we must let the enemy know that they have entered our Blood Killing Sect's base. , that is also a dead end."

The two of them responded at the same time, and then Wen Wenhai turned to look at Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan, and then said: "Old Gu, Lao Bai, after the battle begins, the command still depends on you. To be honest, we The current location is already too far away from the front line. Even if there is a fight, I'm afraid it won't be able to reach us, and we won't be able to help much, so it will be up to you then."

Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan stood up at the same time, clasped their fists at Wen Wenhai and said, "Please don't worry." They didn't say too many nice words, just a word of reassurance was enough. They said that if the other party can rest assured, then the other party can rest assured. This is There was mutual trust between them, so Wen Wenhai didn't say anything. He just nodded at the two of them and asked them to sit down.

After the two of them sat down, Wen Wenhai looked at everyone with a solemn face and said, "I believe that everyone has seen what happened this time, so I won't say anything more. Everyone must be careful, because when necessary, , we also have to participate in the attack, do you have any questions?"

Everyone said in unison: "No." Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, then everyone please go back and prepare well. In three days, it will be the next attack." Everyone They all responded and prepared to leave. They also had to go back and prepare, because in three days, they might also participate in the war.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng stood up and said in a deep voice: "Please wait a moment, everyone, I have something to say." Everyone looked at Gu Yuanzheng with some confusion. They didn't know what else Gu Yuanzheng had to say. They didn't know. Have everything been discussed? At this time, what else is going on?

Gu Yuanzheng said to Wen Wenhai: "Old Wen, what I want to say is about our advancement. When we advanced before, I felt that we were too cautious and advanced too fast. We now know the time when the enemy will appear. Now, the enemy should not easily change their attack, especially when we are advancing, then we can completely speed up our advancement. What I mean is that in a team of a thousand people, each The leader of the team uses his own body to form a medium-sized magic weapon to lead everyone forward, so that other people will get the best rest and we will move faster. "

He paused for a moment and then said: "And I think the order in which we move forward also needs to make some changes. It is not wrong for everyone to go first, but then let the disciples of Zhanzhi follow. I think this There are some problems. If the war plant disciples keep up and plant the war plants, although a war plant fortress will be formed immediately, the appearance of the war plants will bring some inconvenience to the formation team behind, which will slow down the magic. Therefore, I think we can change the order of the two teams. We can let the formation deployment team follow the army, set up the formation first, and then let the war plants plant. The team is at the end, so it will not have any impact and will speed up our progress. After all, it is easier to set up a magic circle in the void than in the woods. What do you think?"

When Gu Yuanzheng finished speaking, he glanced at everyone, and finally fixed his gaze on Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai frowned and thought for a while, then nodded and said: "Okay, this is indeed okay. We had some problems before. I neglected it, okay, then the next action will be in this order, Lao Gu, is there anything else?"

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "No, I have said everything that needs to be said, there is nothing else." Gu Yuanzheng indeed had nothing else to say. What he wanted to say most before was actually this matter, because This is related to the speed of their actions. Now that it is over, it is in the past, and there is nothing more to say.

Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, then the matter is settled. Let's all go back." Everyone agreed, then stood up, turned around and walked out. Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan naturally returned to the frontline headquarters. Nine Even if the old man followed him and walked out together, they would still have to move together next time, so it was better to stay at the frontline headquarters.

Wen Wenhai watched everyone leave, and then he took a deep breath. Then he turned to look at Zhu Yong and the elder standing beside him. He smiled bitterly and said, "We were negligent. We were too negligent to bump into each other like this." We didn't even think of Shan's change, and we still need Lao Gu and the others to remind us, it's too careless."

Mr. Zhen said in a deep voice: "This matter is my fault. Our staff should have thought of it a long time ago, but never thought that this matter is our responsibility."

Wen Wenhai waved his hand and said, "It's useless to talk about this now, just think about it in the future."