c7454 Take action

Just when Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan were talking, at the front line, the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect were already fighting with those black jade rocs. The number of black jade rocs that appeared this time was really too many, but This doesn't mean that they don't care at all about the Sky Fire attacks from the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, when those black jade rocs are attacked by Sky Fire attacks, the reason why they have to pass quickly is because They were greatly affected by the fire that filled the sky.

Rather than being affected by the sky-wide fire, it is better to say that it is affected by the Buddha's power in the sky-wide fire. The attack of those Buddha's power on those black jade rocs is very violent. Those black jade rocs are like It was like walking through sulfuric acid, with black smoke all over their bodies. Now they just wanted to rush into the Blood Killing Sect's base as quickly as possible, and then wreak havoc in the Blood Killing Sect's base.

This time they have that confidence, because their numbers are large enough. They believe that they can definitely rush into the Blood Killing Sect’s base and destroy the Blood Killing Sect’s base. As for those who are blocking the Blood Killing Sect’s base, They didn't care at all about the energy beasts in front of the base. They were not afraid of the strength of those energy beasts.

So when they saw the energy beasts of the Blood Killer Sect standing in front of them, they all rushed forward without even stopping. It seemed that they just wanted to survive the energy beasts of the Blood Killer Sect. , crashed out of a path, rushed into the Blood Killing Sect's base, and destroyed the Blood Killing Sect's base.

But what they didn't expect was that the energy beasts from the Blood Killing Sect would rush over one by one as if they were risking their lives. The power of these energy beasts was very huge, and they also carried the power of Buddha. They were just like this When they rush over, the force is very huge, and it is not impossible to knock them to a stop directly.

Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, there was a loud noise, and those energy beasts all collided with the black jade roc. The black jade roc had to stop, because they were the ones who were completely killed by the blood. The energy beasts were knocked to a stop. Although there were many of them, the number of rocs rushing at the front was still limited after all. It was impossible for all the rocs to rush over at once. As long as the ones in front were blocked, the ones behind would There is no way for people not to be blocked.

Just when the big rocs were blocked, countless monster beasts suddenly rushed out from behind the energy beasts. These monster beasts were of all kinds, and they all rushed towards the big rocs. Next to him, he then attacked those big rocs.

Originally, those big rocs didn't really care about such attacks. In their opinion, there was no need to worry about the attacks of these monster beasts on them. The defensive power of these black jade rocs was not just a matter of words. Just for fun, ordinary attacks are of no use to them. Don't think that they have become like this, black jade, just for looks. In the world of cultivation, things that are not practical can be beautiful. It is useless, and the same goes for these Dapeng. For them, things that are not practical will not be used by them even if they are beautiful.

The black jade-like feathers on the black jade Dapeng are not just for good looks. His defense power is also very amazing. Ordinary attacks cannot even break the feathers, let alone hurt those black jade ones. Dapeng, but unfortunately, these black jade Dapeng miscalculated this time, they underestimated those monsters too much.

Those monster beasts are not ordinary monster beasts. In fact, those monster beasts are all upgraded energy beasts, and their original power has two kinds. One is the natal rune, and the other is Buddha power, but Buddha power is It is what restrains the Dapeng, so when these monsters attack, their attacks carry the Buddha's power. When struck by this Buddha's power, the black jade-like feathers on the Dapeng's body are broken one after another. , those black jade rocs immediately turned into clouds of black mist and disappeared directly.

The black jade roc in front was destroyed, which also caused the black jade roc behind to panic. They never thought that these seemingly ordinary monsters could have such strong attack power. Just when they thought When they were about to counterattack, countless sky-wide fires came down again. At the same time, all the ordinary energy beasts also attacked. The two sides were fighting together. At the same time, there were still energy beasts from the Blood Killing Sect's base. Flying over without stopping, such an attack gave those black jade rocs a headache.

The most important thing is that those energy beasts are almost immortal. They are difficult to kill. Even if they are injured, it is useless. From the Blood Killing Sect, from time to time, the sky full of fire comes down, and the sky full of fire only needs one shot. The explosion, such a large amount of Buddhist power, can not only hurt those black jade rocs, but also repair the injuries on those energy beasts.

When the two sides were fighting, those upgraded energy beasts played their greatest role. Their strength was much stronger than those black jade rocs. In addition to their normal bite attacks, they actually They also know some natal spells, and their natal spells all contain a trace of Buddhist power. This is too fatal. Even if they are attacked by their natal spells, those black jade rocs will be seriously injured. .

Under the leadership of the more than one million upgraded energy beasts, those energy beasts became more and more courageous as they fought. Coupled with countless sky-fire attacks, those black jade rocs were actually entangled here by those energy beasts. They can't move forward, but at this time, there are still energy beasts joining in, and the number of energy beasts is actually increasing.

But it is not easy for ordinary energy beasts to destroy a black jade roc. The last time those energy beasts were able to destroy those black jade rocs was because of the difference in numbers. This time the black jade rocs and There is no numerical gap between the energy beasts. Even if there is, it is only the number of energy beasts, which is less than the number of black jade rocs. Therefore, it is impossible for them to defeat those rocs by numbers, so they can only compete with those Dapeng fighting.

Gu Yuanzheng, who was standing in the radar ship, also saw the situation on the front line. When he saw this situation, his face couldn't help but change, and then he was overjoyed. This time, he didn't notify the staff officers, but just reported it himself. Directly connected to Ding Chunming's communication array, as soon as the array was connected, Gu Yuanzheng immediately said loudly: "Old Ding, you attack immediately, and together with those energy beasts, take care of all those big rocs, remember. Stop, use the power of Buddha when attacking, and everyone should bring the wheel of law to suppress the big rocs. I believe that in this way, the big rocs will not be able to escape."

Upon hearing what Gu Yuanzheng said, Ding Chunming didn't say much, just responded, and then ended the call directly, while Baiyan looked at Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Old Gu, let Old Ding and the others go up, no Is there any danger? Lao Ding's strength is different from these energy beasts. Although their strength can deal with these energy beasts, it is not easy to deal with those big rocs. "

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "Don't worry, there will be no problem. We still underestimated the strength of Lao Ding and the others. They stayed in the time acceleration zone for a year before. They were just practicing and did not engage in any actual combat." , so they may still be a little uncomfortable with their own strength. Recently, they have been engaged in actual combat. I believe that their strength now must be much stronger than before. And don’t forget, I told them , When they go this time, they must bring the Wheel of Law. In fact, they are going to use the power of the Wheel of Law to further suppress those black jade rocs."

While the two were talking, Ding Chunming and the others had already appeared on the battlefield. They used the teleportation array directly to reach the periphery of the battlefield. When they arrived outside the battlefield, Ding Chunming took a look at the situation on the battlefield, and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone remembers. Come on, you must bring the Wheel of Law with you, and you must bring the power of Buddha when you attack. Only in this way can you better eliminate them? Is there any problem? "

Everyone said in unison: "No problem." Although they are not many in number, only about a thousand people, they are all masters in the Blood Killing Sect, second only to Zhao Hai, and their strength is Very powerful, but the first time they played against those Dapeng, their performance was not very good, which made them hold their breath in their hearts. Now they finally have the opportunity to fight against those Dapeng. How could they let it go? Everyone looked very excited.

Ding Chunming nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, attack." After saying that, he launched a batch of double hammers and killed them directly. As he was swinging his double hammers, there was a golden light flashing on them. This golden light was exactly Buddha power, although Ding Chunming is a body cultivator and is known for his strength, his magic weapon has been enlightened and has Buddha power on it, so he uses such a magic weapon to attack those big rocs. , the lethality is still very high.

Sheng Si also started to attack at this time, but he did not rush into the battlefield. Above his head, stars flickered, and countless magic circles, like small stars, kept flashing above his head. After catching the light, countless spells were directed towards those big roc attacks, and his spells also contained the power of Buddha.

The other people also showed their bravery and attacked the big rocs. Such an attack came very suddenly. Those big rocs did not expect that a group of monks would suddenly come to attack them, and the attacks of these monks, To be so powerful, they were caught off guard. More than a thousand black jade rocs were killed in one fell swoop.

Of course, those black jade rocs would not just admit defeat, and they began to fight back, but they soon discovered that these monks were extremely powerful. Even when they were in their prime, they would only lose against these monks. Not to mention now, now that they have consumed too much power from those Buddha powers, how can they still cope with the attacks of these monks.

The most important thing is that those black jade rocs also found that with the addition of those monks, their power was further suppressed, and when they were attacked by Buddha's power, they were more seriously injured than before. At the same time, their energy is consumed faster. In this case, they are no longer the opponent of those energy beasts and monks.