c7457 attack

Three days have passed in the blink of an eye. During these three days, the Blood Killing Sect has been making adjustments, adjustments to the attack sequence, some fine-tuning of the array, and some adjustments to the attack methods. These are all things that need to be told. For the disciples below, let the disciples below also make some preparations.

Three days later, it was time for the Blood Killer Sect to attack again. Gu Yuanzheng stood in the hall of the radar ship, looking at the radar screen in front of him. There was nothing on the screen, but Gu Yuanzheng was not surprised. He said in a deep voice Said: "Okay, the time is almost up, let's take action."

Immediately, a staff officer issued an order directly. As the order was issued, the Blood Killing Sect's army began to advance. Their advancing speed was not very slow, but it was not very fast either, and this time their advance , it was a little different from last time. Before they advanced, all the disciples lined up in formation, and then slowly advanced, but this time it was different. This time, the captain of each ten-thousand-person team, They will transform themselves into a medium-level magical weapon, put everyone inside, and then push forward. In this way, they will not advance slowly, but all the disciples will not feel tired.

Originally, the Ancient Expedition wanted to have one magic weapon for each thousand-man team, but Wen Wenhai and the others finally decided to let the team of 10,000 people produce the magic weapon because the number of the thousand-man team was too small. It was too much, and a team of ten thousand people was just right. They didn’t say anything during the Ancient Expedition, so they naturally agreed.

Behind the army, the old man Jiu Suan commanded the Nine Shu Turtle Clan and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The magic circle arranged small teams. The main task of these teams was to set up the magic circle. The magic circles they arranged were all spherical. Array, as long as these spherical arrays are arranged, the Blood Killing Sect's base will be secure.

These disciples who set up the magic circle with the Jiu Shugui clan are all disciples from the Blood Killing Sect who know a lot about the magic circle. They can even set up some very complicated magic circles by themselves. Of course, they can't do this now. What's the problem? Moreover, they had calculated all the nodes before setting up the magic circle. When the time comes, all they have to do is put the corresponding magic circle up when they get to the place. It's not too difficult.

In the past, when they were in the woods, they had to calculate the direction in the woods, but now they don't have to do that. Because there are no trees to block them, they can completely arrange everything in the shortest time. This also makes their speed faster. It has become much faster, and it is naturally more convenient to arrange it in the open space than in the woods.

Behind the array deployment team is the battle plant planting team. Their main task is to plant battle plants. Now the Blood Killing Sect has more requirements for the battle plants planted. Where should they deploy the Supertree Fortress? There are requirements for arranging communication trees, where to place flute bamboos, where to place campanula flowers, and where to place Buddha plants. In addition, the roots of the trees also need to form a magic circle, so this is not a one-step process. An easy thing.

However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are now used to it. It is not difficult for them to arrange these things. Each one of them does it very well. The planting speed is also very fast. The advancement speed can completely keep up with the method. The formation speed of the formation, and the army in front also deliberately slowed down a bit, just to form a response to the arrangement of the formation team, so as to avoid any accidents. This is the Garuda Realm after all, they have to be careful. Nothing wrong.

Time passed bit by bit, and five hours passed in the blink of an eye. During these five hours, the Blood Killing Sect has been on the front line. Now it has finally completed the goal of advancing ten thousand miles. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very happy. Because they can finally wait for those big rocs to come and attack.

Seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng was relieved, and then said: "Okay, five hours, I really didn't expect that just changing the order can increase the speed so much. This is really great. Order all disciples to be prepared, we are ready to attack at any time."

Everyone responded, and then all the disciples immediately began to prepare, because this time there would be some slight adjustments to their fighting methods, so they had to be prepared. The entire Blood Killing Sect's phantom killing formation also had to be prepared. It has been prepared, even started, just waiting for the battle to come.

And now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have begun to release some energy beasts. These energy beasts must be released in advance, because if these energy beasts are released, when they fight, there will be more energy beasts to deal with those big ones. Peng, there is no need to release energy beasts outwards during the actual battle. In that case, the speed will be much slower.

An hour passed in the blink of an eye, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not stop. They were still releasing the energy beasts slowly. At the same time, everyone was alert and waiting for the arrival of the enemy. Finally, a In less than a quarter of an hour, everyone received the order of the ancient expedition. The enemy appeared. This time, the number of enemies reached an astonishing tens of billions.

When they saw the numbers in the sky, even the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who had seen the big scene felt their scalps go numb for a while. They really didn't expect that this time so many enemies came at once. In fact, they didn't. I know, if the enemy has not been upgraded, then there will be more enemies this time. Of course, I am afraid that the laws of heaven and earth here in the Garuda Realm will not allow so many enemies to appear at one time.

There are tens of billions of enemies this time, which is quite a lot. You must know that the size of those black jade rocs is very huge. With such a number, it can really be said to be overwhelming. I am afraid that they cannot cover the distance of thousands of miles. There were so many Dapeng, but as soon as these Dapeng appeared, the Blood Killing Sect had already started to attack them with sky-full of fire.

But those big rocs had no intention of stopping and kept charging forward. Although black smoke erupted from their bodies due to the white light emitted by Man Tianhuo, they did not Stopped, but kept moving forward, very fast.

The biggest problem with Man Tianhuo now is that there is no way to kill the enemy with one blow, so those Dapeng can ignore Mantianhuo and still keep moving forward. It only took a few breaths to enter the Blood Killing Sect. The perimeter of the base is within a thousand miles. Of course, this refers to the vanguard of the Dapeng troops.

The energy beasts of the Blood Killer Sect are waiting for them here. As soon as the Dapeng entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killer Sect, those energy beasts had already collided with them. Their speed was very fast and their power was very strong. Strong, and the time was calculated just right. When the big rocs entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killing Sect's base, the energy beasts arrived just in time, and the two sides happened to collide.

There was a loud bang, and countless energy beasts disappeared, but a Buddha's seal appeared on all the disappeared energy beasts. This Buddha's seal happened to cover those big rocs. Those big rocs Billowing black smoke immediately appeared, but the Dapeng did not stop. They were still moving forward, rushing towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect without hesitation.

But now it is very difficult for them to move forward, because every time they take a step forward, they have to face the attack of the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect. What surprised those Dapeng even more is that from the base of the Blood Killing Sect, there are also Countless vines appeared, and these vines actually had Buddha power, and these vines kept attacking them, which made their progress even more difficult.

However, the strength of these Dapeng is really very powerful. Soon these Dapeng have rushed to a place about two hundred miles away from the Blood Killing Sect base. This makes those Dapeng very excited, because this time they The operation was much smoother than the last time. Although they thought it was a bit easy, in any case, the base of the Blood Killing Sect was already in sight. They could enter the Blood Killing Sect's base in just one sprint.

At this moment, a huge sword energy suddenly slashed down from the Blood Killing Sect's base. This sword energy was actually golden. With one strike, this sword energy killed thousands of Dapeng in one go. They were all killed on the spot, turned into black smoke and disappeared.

Just when the big rocs were still surprised, another huge sword energy swept out from the Blood Killing Sect's base. This time, the sword energy swept across a larger area, tens of thousands of people. The black jade roc was immediately turned into black smoke, and all the rocs within a radius of 500 miles in front of the Blood Killing Sect base were swept away.

Such a violent attack was something that even those big rocs did not expect. However, those big rocs did not stop. They were still rushing forward, as if they had forgotten life and death, and what it meant to be afraid. In their hearts, they could only move forward. The word "rush" means "rush", so they can only rush forward.

Soon those big rocs rushed within two hundred miles of the Blood Slaughter Sect base, but then there were two sword energy, but those big rocs were now ready, and countless big rocs opened at the same time. Mouth, streaks of golden light shot straight towards the sword energy. Although the sword energy was still cutting down, its power was getting smaller and smaller. The last sword only killed a few hundred Dapeng, and The sweeping sword only killed less than a thousand Dapeng. Considering the current number of Dapeng, it was nothing at all. They were still charging forward.

Just when those big rocs entered within a hundred miles outside the Blood Slaughter Sect base, countless half-moon-shaped magic weapons suddenly shot out from the Blood Slaughter Sect base. These magic weapons all shone with golden light. Those big rocs were facing Those golden lights were too familiar. Those golden lights were the nemesis of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in their bodies. So when they saw those golden lights, a look of disgust flashed across the eyes of the big rocs, and then they opened their eyes at the same time. He opened his mouth, and streams of golden light shot out from his mouth, facing the magic weapons.

But the number of those magic weapons was too much, and after being repelled, those magic weapons actually turned a corner and slashed towards them again. As long as they were hit by those magic weapons, those Dapeng's Wounds will appear on the body immediately, and those wounds cannot be healed. The most frightening thing is that if the wounds on a roc exceed a hundred, then the roc will die immediately, which makes those big rocs unable to heal. Peng, no longer dare to underestimate those magic weapons that are like toothpicks in their eyes.