c7461 Extremely cold ice wind

As soon as they saw the old man, Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded towards him. Wen Wenhai even said: "Elder Gangfeng, I really want to trouble you this time. You already know what I want to do, and I won't be here." Say more, what do you think about this matter?"

Elder Gangfeng glanced at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said: "It's the extremely cold ice wind, which is a kind of yin wind. This yin wind refers to the wind with the yin attribute. This kind of wind is very domineering and is said to be able to freeze everything in the world. , it can be said to be a very dark and cold wind. I really didn’t expect that the people of the Shadow Clan would get this kind of wind, and even use it on those big rocs.”

Seeing the regretful look on Elder Gangfeng's face, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but said: "What? Elder Gangfeng, is this kind of wind useful to you? It seems to me that you really want this kind of wind?" "Wen Wenhai could see that when Elder Gangfeng talked about this kind of wind, not only did he have a trace of regret on his face, but he also had a trace of desire, so he asked like this.

Elder Gangfeng nodded and said: "Yes, I really want to get this kind of wind. Although the Gangfeng we use doesn't show anything, you can know from the name that this kind of wind is actually It is a wind that is extremely strong and yang. If we can still get this extremely cold ice wind, then we can get a yin wind with the same level as Gang Feng. By then, as long as we can give this wind After fusion, the strength of our Gangfengshu clan will become stronger."

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, then his eyes couldn't help but shine and said: "So, you can deal with this extremely cold ice wind? This kind of wind is still a great threat to us. If you can really deal with it, If the wind is like this, it will definitely be a good thing for us."

Elder Gangfeng said solemnly: "Our Gangfeng can deal with this extremely cold ice wind, but that is under primitive conditions. Under primitive conditions, our Gangfeng can deal with extremely cold ice wind." Yes, but our Gangfeng Tree clan has existed for a long time. After countless generations of inheritance, our Gangfeng has lost that trace of its original sharpness. Without that trace of sharpness, our Gangfeng is still there. It will be very difficult to deal with the extremely cold ice wind."

Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help being stunned, they really didn't expect that Elder Gangfeng would say this. Wen Wenhai looked at Elder Gangfeng and said with a smile: "So, you have no way to deal with the extremely cold ice wind? "Wen Wenhai was really disappointed. He thought Elder Gangfeng could do anything to deal with the wind, but now it seems that he can't.

Just as Elder Gangfeng was about to speak, he heard a voice saying: "Let the Gangfeng Tree clan deal with the extremely cold ice wind." This voice appeared very suddenly, and only said one sentence, and then disappeared. , but Wen Wenhai and the others all heard that this was Zhao Hai's voice, but the content of Zhao Hai's words made them slightly stunned.

Elder Gangfeng was also stunned, then he looked around with some confusion, and finally turned to look at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai looked at Elder Gangfeng's appearance and said with a smile: "Don't look, the sect leader seems to be just He gave an order and did not come to see us, but it seems that this matter can only be settled like this. Elder Gangfeng, you should go back and prepare carefully. Look at the extremely cold ice wind released by the Dapeng. It seems like you have to deal with it."

Although Elder Gangfeng didn't know why Zhao Hai gave such an order, he still said: "Yes, I will make arrangements right away." After that, he turned and left. Elder Gangfeng believed that Zhao Hai must have his reasons for giving such an order, and he would definitely not harm them.

Wen Wenhai turned to look at Gu Yuanzheng and the others, and finally smiled bitterly and said: "Although I don't know why the leader gave such an order, we must obey it. I think Elder Gangfeng doesn't seem to have much confidence, so We must be prepared ourselves, Elder Jiuzuan, this matter is still up to you, I think sword energy seems to be more effective when dealing with those big rocs, what do you think?"

The old man Jiu Suan said in a deep voice: "I was just about to talk about this. Swords have their own way of swordsmanship, and swords have their own way of swordsmanship. Although sword energy is powerful, sword energy is not inferior to sword energy. And in our Blood Killing Sect, we are very good at practicing swordsmanship." There are many more people than sword cultivators, so why can’t we organize a group of Sword Dao disciples, and then we release the Sword Intent and combine it with the magic circle to form a giant Qi to deal with the enemy? If we can use Sword Qi To deal with the enemy, the effect may be better."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Elder Jiu Suan said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then their faces showed a look of shame. Wen Wenhai smiled bitterly and said: "Elder Jiu Suan is right. We have always focused on When it comes to sword cultivators, in fact, sword cultivators, if we really count them, are no worse in strength than sword cultivators. In our Blood Killing Sect, there are many more monks who practice sword cultivators than sword cultivators. , if we really gather all the sword monks, the power will be greater, and it will be easier to deal with Dapeng."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly and said: "If you don't say that we people are really far behind compared to the young master. The young master has mentioned the words "Three Thousand Avenues" more than once, but we have never said it. Understand, now it seems that the young master is reminding us, three thousand avenues, three thousand avenues, alas, this is the gap."

Wen Wenhai also smiled bitterly, then turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Old Gu, I leave the selection of people to you. After selecting the people, they will be handed over directly to Elder Jiu Suan. Next time those Dapeng will come When the time comes, we must make them look good. Fortunately, our Yin-Yang Reversal Formation was not exposed this time, otherwise it would only be more troublesome."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, leave it to us, then we'll go back first." Wen Wenhai nodded, Gu Yuanzheng and the other three saluted him, then turned around After leaving, they must go back earlier to prepare, otherwise they may not be ready before the next attack.

The three returned to the frontline headquarters. Gu Yuanzheng immediately called the people from the frontline staff group over, and then asked the people from the frontline staff group if they knew that the people in the frontline team were practicing in the sword path. To be the strongest, those who are dedicated to the art of swordsmanship are needed.

Because these staff officers usually have to understand the combat effectiveness of each team in order to assign tasks to them, so they know the most about the people in each team. It is precisely because of this that Gu Yuanzheng asked them, and when they heard When Gu Yuanzheng asked this, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then immediately told Gu Yuanzheng about some of the teams with the strongest sword cultivation on the front line.

The reason why is not to select the person with the strongest cultivation in the way of the sword, but to select the team to bring out their strongest combat effectiveness. The people in those teams, because of the long-term cooperation in combat, have become more mature. There is a very tacit understanding between them, and such people will be more smoothly integrated and can exert greater power when used in the integration of sword intent. Therefore, Gu Yuanzheng directly asked whether the people in that team were practicing in the way of swords. Who is the strongest in terms of strength, not who is the strongest in swordsmanship.

After selecting one hundred teams, Gu Yuanzheng said directly to the staff officer: "Deploy all these one hundred teams and give them to Elder Jiu Suan for unified command. Elder Jiu Suan, go and take a look for yourself. Do they meet your requirements, but if not, we will change them, and if possible, let them be the ones."

The old man Jiu Suan nodded and turned around to leave. The staff officers also ordered them to gather somewhere in the base to accept the assessment from the old man Jiu Suan. After the old man Jiu Suan left, Gu Yuanzheng turned to look at him and said, "Old Bai, why do you think the young master wants the Gangfeng Tree clan to deal with those Dapeng? Didn't Elder Gangfeng say that their Gangfeng is not extremely cold ice?" Feng’s opponent? Why does the young master still do this?”

Baiyan said solemnly: "I have thought about it a little bit, but I just don't know if it is right. Didn't Elder Gangfeng say that the Gangfeng of the Gangfeng Tree clan in the past was not worse than the Extremely Cold Ice Wind? The reason why it is not as good as the Extremely Cold Ice Wind now is, It is because after many years of inheritance, their Gangfeng has lost its sharpness. Without its sharpness, their Gangfeng cannot be an opponent of the extremely cold ice wind. The reason why the sect leader wants the Gangfeng Tree clan to deal with Dapeng is, It is to let them face those extremely cold ice winds head-on, so that they can use the extremely cold ice winds released by Dapeng as a whetstone, in order to give the Gangfengshu clan this knife. Sharpen it, and only through this method can the Gangfengshu clan regain their spirit."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The young master is still thinking far ahead. I think it must be like this, otherwise the young master would not give such an order, but the Gangfengshu clan should indeed be trained well. The young master has said that without the spirit of the monks, there will be no achievements. If the Gangfengshu clan really had the spirit, they would not end up like today. It seems that we need to take a warning. The place."

Baiyan nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, monks just can't be satisfied with the status quo. Once they are satisfied with the status quo, they will lose the motivation to move forward. And being content with the status quo means that they have actually lost their spirit. The sect master has long since He saw this, so he kept reminding us not to lose our spirit, and even kept asking us to fight and cultivate our militant consciousness. These should be all ways to keep us spirited."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, then he glanced at the radar screen in front of him, laughed suddenly and said: "How can we be satisfied? We haven't found the person behind the Shadow Clan yet, and we don't know yet. Layer after layer of interfaces are coming up. What kind of place is this? We still don’t know how big this universe is. Even now, we have not achieved true immortality. How can we be satisfied? We have to continue to Move forward, keep following the footsteps of the young master, we will eventually trample this world under our feet, we must make the Blood Killing Sect become a legend, a legend that belongs to the entire universe!"