c7467 surprise

Wen Wenhai took the jade slip handed to him by Wen Yuming and waved his spiritual power into the jade slip. Then he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Wen Yuming and said, "Old Wen, this is your new improved full body." Skyfire? Is this thing really that useful?" There was already a look of surprise on his face. He believed that Wen Yuming would not lie to him. Wen Yuming was still very careful. Before taking this thing out, he was going to test it now. Now that he takes it out, it means that this thing is real. However, because this thing seems to be a bit too magical, he is a little afraid. believe.

Wen Yuming smiled and said: "Of course it is true. We have already done experiments and the results are very good. You can rest assured." Wen Yuming is very confident in what they have made. He believes that this The newly made Mantianhuo will definitely be of great help to their Blood Killing Sect.

A smile immediately appeared on Wen Wenhai's face, and then he gave the jade slip to Wen Yuming, and said in a deep voice: "Old Wen, it's up to you to explain it to everyone, so that everyone knows what this thing is like. ." After saying that, he took two steps back to the side and gave up the seat in the middle of the hall to Wen Yuming.

When Wen Yuming heard what Wen Wenhai said, he was slightly startled at first, and then he also smiled slightly, and then he input the spiritual energy into the jade slip. As the spiritual energy was input into the jade slip, a three-dimensional figure immediately appeared in the jade slip. The pattern, this three-dimensional pattern, is obviously a long iron arrow. This iron arrow does not look much different from the previous Mantianhuo. This makes everyone stunned, some I don’t quite understand the meaning of being famous.

Wen Yuming waved his hand, and the iron arrow immediately separated into four sections, and each section was divided into three layers from the inside to the outside. Then Wen Yuming directed the section at the tail of the iron arrow and said: "This is Our newly made Skyfire, although it looks like a whole, is actually divided into four parts. The tail is the pusher. This part has two layers. The outer layer is a layer of defensive skin. There are defensive formations on it, as well as some other formations, which are used to match the entire arrow. The inner layer is the propulsion part. This part is composed of multiple formations, which can be propelled by wind power. You can use firepower to propel, and wind to propel, the speed will be very fast, and there will be no sound, but if you use firepower to propel, the speed will not be as fast as wind propulsion, there will be sound, but the power will be greater."

Speaking of this, Wen Yuming pointed to the second section next to the arrow tail, and then said: "The second section is the general control area. It is also divided into two layers. The outer layer is the defense layer, and the outer layer is the defense layer. It's like an arrow tail, but there is a machine optical brain on the inner layer. This machine optical brain is a very simple optical brain that we have newly researched. This kind of optical brain was developed through mechanism technology and will not be affected by There are too many external influences, and there is a certain amount of computing power, but the computing power is not very strong, but it is enough for use here. In addition to the optical brain, there is the energy system, and this energy system is the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool. "

Then he pointed to the third section and continued: "The third section is the frequency conversion area. The reason why it is so named is because there are the most magic circles here. There are various magic circles here. To deal with different situations, for example, if we encounter those Dapeng using extremely cold ice wind, then the optical brain in the control area of ​​the second quarter will receive the signal, and it will immediately start the response program, and This response program will issue commands to the frequency conversion area in the third section. In the frequency conversion area, the corresponding array will be activated to deal with this situation, such as activating a relative wind array plus a fire array. To offset the power of the extremely cold ice wind, if the enemy uses gravity to deal with Mantianhuo, here in the frequency conversion area, you can also activate the anti-gravity array to fight against it. We have now thought of more than a hundred ways to deal with Mantianhuo. We have all come up with corresponding response methods, all controlled by the optical brain, and the effect will be very good."

Then he pointed to the last section, which is the tip of the arrow. This section is very special. It seemed to be a whole before, but now it looks like it is composed of countless needle-like instruments. There were so many of them, so densely packed that they couldn’t even count them clearly.

"This section is the attack part. It is composed of 360 fine needles. Don't underestimate these fine needles. There are magic circles and Buddhist scriptures on these fine needles, and the needles are made of a very special This kind of metal will become soft and very sticky as long as it has a little temperature, so as long as the needle is shot out, after the friction of the air, the tip of the needle will become soft and very sticky, and then it will directly touch the The magic array and Buddhist scriptures on the needles will work on those big rocs, and the Buddha's seal will be released directly, covering the bodies of those big rocs, causing continuous damage to those big rocs."

Hearing Yu Ming's words, he paused for a moment. He looked at everyone and said, "Don't look at how small this needle is, but it has complete Buddhist sutras and precepts engraved on it. The Buddha's power is very pure. And this needle can also be recycled. As long as those Dapeng are eliminated, the needle will be recycled directly without any waste."

After saying this, Wen Yuming put away the jade slips, then looked at everyone and said: "The needles in the sky fire can be replaced. When dealing with those big rocs, using Buddha's power is most effective." Well, if the Buddha's power doesn't work when dealing with other people, you can still use other techniques." After saying this, Yu immediately stepped aside after hearing the name.

Everyone waited until Wen Yuming stepped aside and then they woke up. Then almost everyone's eyes were fixed on Wen Yuming. They knew before that Shenji Hall was very powerful, but they never expected it. , Shenji Hall is now so powerful that a needle can be engraved with magic arrays, Buddhist scriptures, and precepts. How many words do these things add up to? How could it be engraved on a tiny needle? This is incredible.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and smiled slightly, then coughed slightly. When everyone turned to look at him, he said: "Okay, don't pay too much attention to Shen Ji Tang. There are a lot of good things there, and I’m afraid only Lao Wen knows how many good things there are. Even if he tells you, you won’t be able to use them, and it will still be in vain, so there is no need to think about it.”

When everyone heard what he said, they couldn't help but chuckle. They felt that what Wen Wenhai said was very reasonable. There were too many good things in Shenji Hall. There were some things that if the people in Shenji Hall didn't follow them To make it clear, they would never think about the use of that thing, so even if they knew it, it would be of no use.

Wen Wenhai then said: "With this new sky-wide fire, we will be more confident in dealing with those big rocs. Let's talk about it. If you have any other opinions, any opinions are good. Let us know. Well." Wen Wenhai still wants to hear everyone's opinions. After all, he doesn't really want everyone to rely on Man Tianhuo all the time. If everything is really left to Shenji Hall to solve, then he will be letting Zhao Hai down. Got my mind.

Bai Yan thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "I think our sword intention and sword intention are the same. They are good attack methods in any situation, so they should be strengthened all the time." Bai Yan has already seen the sword intention and sword intention. The sword intention is so powerful, that's why he said this. He has always felt that the sword intention and sword intention are the strongest existences that everyone should practice.

Everyone nodded, rolled their eyes and then said: "We have external incarnations in our bodies, we have beast souls in our bodies, we can release energy, we can even release exercises to bless the dharma, and we are also interested. If we use these things, If we all gather together, then I think our individual combat effectiveness will be very strong."

When everyone heard what he said, they were stunned at first, and then their eyes lit up, because what Bai Yan said was not wrong at all. Before, the thousand-man team only combined the fusion of magic, murderous aura, and energy beast magic circle. , the beast giant dharma has been formed, and the beast giant dharma can also be used by the disciples themselves, but it is just a little less powerful, but how to add the intention to it? Will it be different then? Will it become stronger?

Wen Wenhai also looked at him with gleaming eyes and said, "Lao Bai's idea is very good. What do you think? I think this method can be tried. If it is really successful, then maybe we can Everyone’s combat effectiveness will be improved.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he heard a person's voice saying: "This method is indeed feasible and very successful. I have tried it." This voice came from the door of the hall. Everyone turned around and saw that Sheng Si was walking in from outside. Everyone in the hall knew that Sheng Si had gone to Daozi Mountain to retreat. Now when they saw him coming in, they heard him say, Everyone's attention was immediately attracted.

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what Sheng Si said, he immediately said to Sheng Si: "Xiao Si, you are here, come, come and tell me what is going on, quickly." Wen Wenhai knew Sheng Si's strength, and he was very It is clear that Sheng Si is very strong, and saying this means that he has understood the meaning, so he wants to know Sheng Si's current strength even more.

Sheng Si nodded, and then said to everyone: "I went to Daozi Mountain to retreat, and finally understood the meaning of the formation. After I came out of the retreat, I tried it and found that the martial arts blessed the Dharma, and the murderous aura , energy beasts, and their external incarnations are intentionally fused together. The power is very huge. A brand new metal form will appear. This metal form is very powerful, and it also directly carries murderous intent and intention. It is extremely powerful, and is stronger than us. When you don't use these things, you are more than ten times stronger. The most important thing is that because you can add Yin and Yang thunder pools to your external incarnation, this method can continue to fight for a long time. If we really use this method If so, an ordinary official disciple of the Blood Killing Sect can deal with a four-winged roc without any problems."