c7466 phantom array

When those four-winged rocs entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect, they were greeted by endless wind and snow. That's right, this time they were greeted not only by wind, but also by snow. Countless snowflakes were coming. Mixed by the strong wind, it was like a knife, constantly attacking all the four-winged rocs, and those snowflakes were really like knives. As long as they touched the four-winged rocs, there would be a wound on the four-winged rocs, and they The wound has not healed yet, and it can only keep spitting out black smoke, which looks very scary.

Those big rocs did not expect that they would encounter such a situation, so as soon as they entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect, there were countless four-winged rocs, and they were chopped up by those snowflakes and turned into The black smoke disappeared, and when the other Dapeng used the extremely cold ice wind on their bodies to deal with the wind and snow, they found that they could only block the strong wind, and the snowflakes would still fall on them, and as long as there was If snowflakes fall on them, there will be an extra wound on their bodies.

What makes those Dapeng feel most impatient is that as soon as they enter the base of the Blood Killing Sect, they have no way to contact other Dapeng, and they have no way to maintain their formation. They can't even see anything, because The wind and snow were so heavy that it was impossible for them to see clearly what was going on around them.

In this case, how can these four-winged rocs be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect? Countless rocs die every minute. Even if these rocs attack the surrounding wind and snow with golden light, even if they use extreme The ice wind attacks the surrounding wind and snow, but it is of no use. There is only one final result for them, and that is death.

Time passed little by little, and more and more Dapeng died. Gu Yuanzheng stood in the frontline headquarters, watching the situation on the radar, and after a while he said: "Elder Jiu Suan, your skills are really good." It's amazing. Those guys seem to have no power to fight back. How did you think of turning the sword energy into snowflakes? This is really amazing."

The old man Jiu Suan smiled slightly, and then he said in a deep voice: "Actually, I just gained some understanding of the phantom array recently. What kind of phantom array is the most powerful phantom array? It is the kind of phantom array that has no lethality at all. , the phantom array itself has no lethality at all, but no one who enters this phantom array will survive, because they will be scared to death by themselves. In my snowstorm array, the swords in it actually turn into snowflakes. There are not as many Qi and intention as I imagined, but I used all my strength to deal with those four-winged Dapeng from the very beginning, leaving a very inherent impression on those four-winged Dapeng, that is, these snowflakes are sword Qi, so they Only then will they be afraid, and in the end they will completely believe this. Even if an ordinary snowflake falls on the four-winged roc, the four-winged roc will think that there will be a wound on his body, and Mental power is a very scary thing. When he thinks that there should be wounds on your body, even if you are not attacked, there will be wounds on your body, and this illusion formation is to make the four-winged roc Believe it."

Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan both stared blankly at the words of the old man Jiu Suan. This was the first time they heard this theory. They all couldn't believe it. However, looking at the old man Jiu Suan, it seemed that he was not lying to them. They were stunned for a while, not knowing what to say.

The old man Jiu Suan looked at them and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Don't you find it very incredible? How can such a thing happen in this world? But such a thing does exist in this world, is it just now? But I think It is not an easy task to set up this illusory array. You have to make him believe in this illusory array in all senses such as hearing, vision, smell, touch, etc., then this illusory array will be successful. This is amazing. It’s not an easy task, so I put a lot of thought into setting up this illusion array.”

Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan looked at each other, and finally they both shook their heads. Bai Yan even smiled bitterly and said: "Elder Jiu Suan, I think you should not tell us these things. To be honest, what you said, We really don’t understand, can this illusion array really play such a role? I still can’t believe it.”

The old man Jiu Suan smiled and said: "Actually, this method is only effective for those things that are not very spiritual. If it is for people with very strong spiritual power, the impact will be very small. I know that illusion is the most feared. Have you met anyone? They are people who have understood the meaning. People who have understood the meaning are all people who are extremely kind. Such people have a rock-like heart and extremely strong mental power. Illusion has the least impact on them. , so as long as our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can really understand the meaning, then the impact of illusion on them will be very small in the future, whether it is illusion formation, poison, or magic, as long as it is illusion , the impact on them will be minimal.”

When Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan heard what he said, they were stunned at first, and then they all looked happy. To be honest, although they did not completely agree with what the old man Jiu Suan said, but what the old man Jiu Suan said before was so terrible, they were actually very The most important thing they were worried about was that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect might one day fall into the trap of the enemy. Now that they heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, they no longer had anything to worry about.

The old man Jiusuan glanced at the two people and smiled bitterly, but said nothing. He also knew that with these people who only had a little understanding of the magic circle, what was the highest level of illusion? It's basically just playing the piano to a cow, so I won't talk about it at all.

Now a few people are actually not very worried about the battle in the base. It can be said that the overall situation is now settled. Those four-winged rocs are just a kind of transformed monsters. There is really nothing to worry about. They will not It is almost impossible to suddenly realize something and then suddenly explode, so the battle outside is basically a foregone conclusion.

The fact is just as they thought, the battle outside has indeed become a foregone conclusion. It only took about ten hours for all those big rocs to be wiped out. It was better than the previous time when a billion four-winged rocs were wiped out. , and it takes even less time, because the phantom killing formation of the Blood Killing Sect is really improved and is much more powerful than before.

After all the four-winged rocs were eliminated, Gu Yuanzheng gave everyone the order to rest, and then led the three of them to the command hall. When they got there, they saw that Wen Wenhai and the others were already waiting. There were four of them. Old Man Gangfeng had also gone to participate in the battle before. It was only after the battle that Gu Yuanzheng and the others joined together.

As soon as he saw the four of them coming, Wen Wenhai smiled slightly at them and said, "Come on, we've been waiting for you for a long time. Come on, sit down." The four of them responded and then sat down, like this They had meetings every three days and they were already used to it.

When the four of them sat down, Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "The battle this time went very smoothly. The tens of billions of four-winged rocs were destroyed in one go. But I think this should also be a four-winged roc." It appeared for the last time, and the Dapeng that appears next time will definitely be an upgraded version. Do you have any opinions on this matter?"

Gu Yuanzheng spoke first: "I think the Dapeng that appears next time will definitely be more powerful, but I don't know whether it will have extra wings or become a Kun. Although we have been guarding against this, we are still We really have never had a head-on battle with Kun. If Kun appears next time, we may suffer a loss in the beginning."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he glanced at the others and said in a deep voice: "Do you have any other opinions?" The others all shook their heads. It was obvious that they also agreed with Gu Yuanzheng's words. In their opinion, There are only two ways to upgrade those big rocs, there is no other possibility.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "If the enemy really appears in Kun's form, how should we respond? If the enemy has extra wings, how should we respond? Have you ever thought about it?" This is Wen Wenhai's most serious question. The question he wanted to ask, he actually had the same idea as others. He felt that there were really only two ways to upgrade the Dapeng, so he asked this question.

Zhu Yong glanced at everyone and saw that they didn't seem to have anything to say. Then he continued: "If the enemy and we are really using Kun to deal with us, then we really need to be careful. Kun is not that easy. To deal with it, Kun should be very good at using water spells, right? In addition to what we discussed before, in order to cooperate with Kun's actions, this place is likely to become a world of water. We must be careful about this. OK."

Everyone nodded, but Old Man Jiusuan said: "Our power of law is now enough to stop them from turning this place into a world of water, but with the fighting power of those Kuns, we still have to be careful, but if the enemy attacks The one that appears once is a Dapeng, or a Dapeng with extra wings, so we must be careful."

At this time, a voice came and said: "I have come up with a way here, it may be feasible." Everyone turned around and found that the speaker was actually Wen Yuming. When they saw Wen Yuming coming, , Wen Wenhai and the others' faces were all happy. They all knew very well that hearing about Yu's name must mean that something good has come out of Shenji Hall. This is definitely a good thing for them. A good thing.

Wen Wenhai immediately smiled at Wen Yuming and said, "Old Wen, come here and tell us carefully what good things you have brought this time." Wen Wenhai was very confident in Wen Yuming. He believed that Wen Yuming The things Yu Ming brought out must be good things, so he really wanted to know what good things Wen Yu Ming could bring out this time.

When Wen Yuming heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile, then walked over, smiled at Wen Wenhai and said: "The thing I took out this time is the new Mantianhuo. This Mantianhuo was created by us in An improved one, it is very powerful. If we use it well, we will definitely be able to surprise the enemy." As he spoke, he took out a jade slip and then gave it directly to Wen Wenhai. It looked like this The jade slip should be the jade slip that records the data of Xinmantianhuo.