c7464 meaning

More than ten hours passed, and the battle finally came to an end. All the billions of Dapeng were finally beheaded by the Blood Killing Sect’s people on the spot. This time the battle was completely over. Once the battle was over, Gu Yuanzheng immediately gave an order to the Gangfengshu clan, ordering the Gangfengshu clan to return to the Xuanwu space and go into seclusion for a period of time. I believe that this battle will be of great help to the Gangfengshu clan.

If it were other people, a single battle might not be of much help, but the Gangfengshu clan was different. Their clan had strength, but they had just lost their sharpness. Now Zhao Hai is beating them hard and destroying their sharpness. All of them were inspired. It is precisely because of this that this battle is really important to the Gangfengshu clan.

It was also Zhao Hai's order to let the Gangfengshu clan go into seclusion. Zhao Hai asked the Gangfengshu clan to go into seclusion in order to let the Gangfengshu clan remember the feeling of their battle this time and give them a chance to reflect. In this way, the Gangfengshu clan Only the Shu clan can truly master the Gangfeng they are using now, instead of going back to the past.

After the Gangfengshu clan retreated to the Xuanwu space, the disciples who planted war plants immediately planted war plants on the battlefield, but Gu Yuanzheng rolled his eyes and went straight back to the command hall. When they arrived at the command hall, , and found that Wen Wenhai and the others were already waiting for them there.

As soon as he saw them arriving, Wen Wenhai nodded towards them, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, Lao Gu and the others are also back, so we can all take good care of our next move. If the enemy comes next, If it’s really a four-winged roc worth tens of billions, how should we deal with it?”

Everyone was silent for a while. They also knew the combat power of these great rocs. To be honest, if they had not used their phantom killing formation, it would not have been easy for them to destroy these great rocs. Things like the golden light in the mouths of these big rocs and the extremely cold ice wind they release are not so easy to deal with. If tens of billions of four-winged rocs came all at once, it would be even more difficult to deal with it. Difficulties.

Gu Yuanzheng saw that no one was speaking, and then he said: "This kind of four-winged roc is indeed very difficult to deal with. Their extremely cold ice wind is really very powerful. Our sky full of fire is now Basically, it has no effect. The energy beast is not very useful against the extremely cold ice wind. Only the spinning sword wings, sword energy and sword energy are the most suitable to deal with them. Of course, there is also Gang We have actually mastered the Gangfeng of the Gangfeng Tree clan. Although the Gangfeng we use may not be as strong as the Gangfeng of the Gangfeng Tree clan, it can withstand the extreme cold ice without any force. Wind, without the extremely cold ice wind, it will be much easier for us to deal with those big rocs, I wonder what everyone thinks?"

The old man Jiu Suan nodded and said: "We have mastered the Gangfeng Array a long time ago. There should be no problem in using it to deal with the extremely cold ice wind of those big rocs. I think you can give it a try, even if you can't kill them." Even if we defeat them, we can withstand their attack, and from our revolving sword wings, we can also see that the extremely cold ice wind has the lowest influence on the magic weapon protected by Buddha's power. We can also We can think of ways from this aspect.”

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "I think we can think of ways to use magic weapons. We got a lot of demon-subduing pestles from the Asura world before. Although those demon-subduing pestles have now been melted, they have been added to our external incarnations. , but we can also make some Buddhist power instruments ourselves. Buddha power instruments can not only release Buddha power, but also have various other attacks. We only need to add some Foli's protection should be very effective when dealing with those big rocs. We can discuss this with Lao Wen and the others."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "This matter can indeed be discussed with Lao Wen. Lao Wen did not come to the meeting today. I heard that they seem to be studying the new Man Tianhuo. Mantianhuo can be said to be It is a very powerful magical weapon, but it also has major shortcomings and is too easy to be restrained, so I heard that they are improving it."

Everyone nodded. They all knew the advantages and disadvantages of Man Tianhuo. If they could improve Mantianhuo one step after hearing the name, it would be a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. Of course they would not Some people have any opinions. They also hope that they can succeed earlier if they are famous.

Wen Wenhai then said to the old man Jiu Suan: "Elder Jiu Suan, when you set up the magic circle next time, you should pay more attention to the Gangfeng Magic Circle. The Gangfeng Magic Circle is effective in dealing with the extremely cold ice wind. Then we Just use it. As for what you said, the Gangfeng Magic Formation is not the opponent of the extremely cold ice wind. I don’t think so. Our magic circle should still not be the best. If it is the best, then the Gangfeng Magic Formation is It will not be weaker than the extremely cold ice wind.”

The old man Jiusuan nodded and said: "Yes, I think so too. The Gangfengshu clan cannot change the magic circle in their bodies at will, because this kind of magic circle has been slowly changed by them after countless years of evolution." It’s like this, but for us, this kind of magic formation can be changed. We can artificially upgrade this kind of magic formation. I believe that as long as this kind of magic formation is upgraded, then we can completely deal with it. Extremely cold ice wind.”

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Okay, then I will tell Lao Wen about this matter. Elder Jiu Suan, I won't bother you about upgrading the magic circle. After all, you are on the front line now and have great responsibilities, so I won't trouble you about this matter." Wen Wenhai knew very well that when fighting on the front line, Old Man Jiu Suan and the others must command the phantom killing formation, so at this time, we cannot trouble them with these things. .

Old Man Jiusuan also knew what his most important thing was now, so he did not object. He just nodded to Wen Wenhai and said, "Yes, everything will be subject to Elder Wen's arrangements." After saying that, he stopped speaking and turned to the law. It was the most correct decision to leave the matter of upgrading the formation to Wen Yuming. Naturally, Old Man Jiu Suan would not have any objections.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, then this matter is settled. Although it is the Dapeng who attacked us recently, not the Kun, we cannot forget this. , we must always be prepared to prevent the enemy from suddenly using Kun to attack us."

Everyone agreed, and Wen Wenhai continued: "The method we used last time to attack the enemy with sword energy seems to be very effective. We can make more use of this and let our disciples develop it in the future. Everyone must pay attention to this ability.”

Everyone responded in unison. Each of them has a disciple in charge, and the disciples' understanding of the meaning is a little worse than the blessing of the skills, because the understanding of the meaning is more difficult than the blessing of the skills. The blessing of a set of exercises is the understanding of a set of exercises, and the understanding of the true meaning of a set of exercises. As long as you understand the true meaning of a set of exercises, then you can receive the blessings of the exercises when you use this set of exercises. The blessing of exercises is like an automatically triggered mechanism. As long as you meet the requirements, that mechanism will be automatically triggered.

But Yi is different. Yi can be said to have reached the threshold of Tao. You can only understand Tao if you understand Yi first. Yi is a weakened version of Tao, and this Tao is the ultimate Tao, that is to say, Only when you focus all your energy and attention on one thing can you comprehend the meaning. Only when the intention goes further can you comprehend the Tao. Therefore, meaning is more difficult than the blessing of exercises. Something to comprehend.

Intention cannot be taught by humans. If you teach it well, the disciple's mind will not be on this matter. If he cannot focus all his emotions, all his energy, and all his attention on this matter, It is impossible for him to understand the meaning, so it can be said that the meaning can only be understood but cannot be expressed in words.

But for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, if you want to understand the meaning, there is actually a shortcut that can be taken. This shortcut was provided by Zhao Hai, because in the Blood Killing Sect, there is something left by Zhao Hai. If many disciples of the Blood Killer Sect want to understand the meaning of the word Tao, they will look at the word Tao written by Zhao Hai, meditate in front of the word Tao written by Zhao Hai, and understand, so that they can more easily understand the meaning.

And this understanding does not refer to the understanding of a certain technique or a certain weapon, but refers to all techniques, all weapons, and all people. In other words, no matter what technique you learn, Damn it, no matter what kind of weapon you use, as long as you look at the word "Dao" written by Zhao Hai, you will have your own understanding. This is the most terrifying thing, so in the Blood Killing Sect, where Zhao Hai writes the word "Dao" , has also become a holy place in the Blood Killing Sect.

In the past, the Blood Killing Sect had always had a casual attitude towards whether its disciples could comprehend it. You could comprehend it or not. The elders and teachers would not care about it, nor would they force you to do it. But now that Wen Wenhai has issued such an order, it is different. After these elders go back, they will organize disciples to understand the meaning. Of course, if they really cannot meet the standards, they will not be allowed to go. As long as you reach the standard, you can understand the meaning, and you must understand the meaning. This is the purpose of Wen Wenhai's order.

Seeing everyone nodding, Wen Wenhai then said: "Okay, let's go back first, Lao Gu, you have to keep an eye on the front line a little more to see what the Gangfengshu clan is doing before the next attack. How is the seclusion going? If the Gangfeng Tree clan has not come out of seclusion by then, then they will have to use the Gangfeng Magic Formation. Whether they can withstand the opponent's attack then depends on you."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded. He knew that if the Gangfengshu clan could not escape before the next attack, then he would have to rely on their existing strength to deal with those Dapeng. Therefore, Gu Yuanzheng was still concerned about this matter. He attaches great importance to it, but he knows very well that those Dapeng are not easy to deal with.

Don't look at it. It seems that it was very easy for them to clean up those big rocs these two times. They took care of those big rocs easily, but the real situation is not like that. The strength of those big rocs is very strong. If they weren't numerically superior, plus they had various magic weapons, and a phantom killing array, they would have suffered huge losses if they wanted to deal with those four-winged rocs.