c7460 dark wind

When Gu Yuanzheng and the others saw this situation, they couldn't help but change their expressions. They never thought that this black wind would be so powerful. The sky was full of fire and there was nothing they could do about this black wind. This black wind The wind can actually break the sky full of fire.

At this time, those big rocs had already flown about a thousand miles outside the Blood Killing Sect's base. The energy beasts that were facing the Blood Killing Sect rushed over. Those energy beasts directly hit the big rocs, and those big rocs carried them on their backs. The extra pair of wings on his body flapped violently, and countless black winds rushed straight towards the energy beasts.

Just when those black winds struck those energy beasts, a layer of ice formed on those energy beasts, but soon the layer of ice broke directly, and those energy beasts still attacked those big ones. Peng rushed over, but at this time, the big rocs had already rushed to the side of the energy beasts and directly attacked those energy beasts. However, those energy beasts were immediately at a disadvantage.

However, those energy beasts are also very powerful. As soon as they saw that they were at a disadvantage, countless energy beasts immediately exploded themselves. As these energy beasts self-destructed, countless Buddha powers directly covered those big rocs. When they saw this situation, the big rocs seemed to be very angry. They immediately flapped their wings, and then the black wind appeared all at once. The black wind directly withstood the power of the Buddha. Those Buddha powers were immediately dispersed.

Just when the power of those Buddhas disappeared, those big rocs rushed directly within three hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect base. At this time, a huge sword energy swept over directly, and those big rocs immediately rushed over. The black wind was released once, but this time the black wind had no effect. Although the sword energy was covered with a layer of ice, the sword energy turned into a huge weapon. The ice sword struck directly at the bodies of the great rocs. Countless great rocs were turned into black mist by this sudden blow.

And another sword energy, at this stage, actually slashed directly at these Dapeng. Once again, it directly killed countless Dapeng, but the speed of those Dapeng was very fast, and it still kept moving. There were big rocs rushing forward, and at this time, the sword energy came over again, but this time the rocs no longer released the black wind, but directly spit out the golden light. After swallowing the golden light, they directly They bumped into the sword energy, and the sword energy slowly dissipated. In the end, the lethality of the sword energy became very small, but those Dapeng had already entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

Just when those big rocs entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect, the extra wings on their backs immediately flapped, and countless black winds swept straight into the Blood Killing Sect's base, passing by. Everything seemed to be frozen, and at the same time, golden light spewed out of the mouths of these big rocs.

However, these Dapeng are still facing the sky, so their golden light is of no use, but the black wind they release plays a very important role. See those black winds, straight forward. As it rolled away, everything in its path was frozen.

At this moment, the big rocs suddenly felt that the air around them had suddenly become colder. When they looked up, they found that their surroundings had turned into a vast expanse of white. Every place turned into a world of ice and snow, and the environment suddenly changed.

Just when the big rocs were still puzzled, suddenly countless snowflakes fell from the sky and fell directly on the big rocs. The big rocs didn't care at first, but when those snowflakes fell on their bodies, When they were on their bodies, they suddenly discovered that the snow light turned into sword energy, and countless unprepared Dapeng were directly killed by the sword energy.

As soon as the big rocs saw this situation, they immediately flapped their wings, and countless black winds flew out from their wings and rolled straight towards the snowflakes. Although those snowflakes were taken away by Zheng, their The black wind was also consumed a lot. At this moment, countless pieces of ice and snow suddenly seemed to be swept up by the black wind. They kept flying with the wind, and these blown up by the wind Snow, however, had no target and attacked all the Dapeng.

The big rocs immediately spit out golden light and blocked the ice and snow. Because of the previous attack of the snowflake sword energy, the big rocs no longer dared to underestimate any ice and snow, so they had to block the ice and snow. They could not let those The ice and snow are close to them, but they dare not because they are afraid.

But this time they made some miscalculations. They didn't expect that the ice and snow would be so heavy. The light snowflakes seemed to suddenly turn into a giant hammer weighing ten thousand pounds, being held by a giant. He kept waving, the giant hammer was so light in his hand, but when the giant hammer fell on someone else, the giant hammer turned into a huge murderous aura, which was so terrifying.

And those ice cubes were even more incredible. The ice cubes, which were only the size of a human fist, suddenly seemed to turn into a huge iceberg when they hit the rocs. The impact of the iceberg How big is it? No one could imagine that the iceberg directly hit the big rocs, and the big rocs were killed directly.

At this time, countless Dapeng died. Countless Dapeng turned into black smoke and disappeared directly. This made the Dapeng behind even more scared. They kept waving their wings and spitting out golden light, just to Blocking those snowflakes and ice blocks, they were also prepared to fight head-on with those snowflakes and ice blocks.

But soon they discovered that those snowflakes and ice cubes seemed to suddenly turn into normal snowflakes and ice cubes. They had no strength, no weight, and nothing. This feeling was really It was surprising, and it also made those big rocs feel like they were using the wrong force.

But at this moment, the surrounding ice and snow suddenly started to burn, as if they were not ice and snow, but gasoline. They were burning non-stop, and the fire was still very strong. As long as the Dapeng was hit by that When the fire hits it, it will immediately turn into black smoke and disappear immediately.

The wings of the big rocs flapped faster, and the black wind appeared faster, but the fire seemed not to be affected in any way and was still burning, and the big rocs seemed to be thrown into the Like a native chicken in the fire, it was burned directly into black smoke.

I don’t know how long it took, but the last Dapeng disappeared. In the Blood Killing Sect’s base, peace finally returned. Everything disappeared. Ice, snow, Dapeng, and flames all disappeared. Everything was gone. No presence, as if nothing happened there.

But when Gu Yuanzheng entered, he stood in the radar ship and let out a sigh of relief. Then he turned to Elder Jiu Suan and said: "Elder Jiu Suan, it's really thanks to you this time. If you hadn't used We are afraid that we will really be in trouble with this kind of magic circle. We really didn't expect that those big rocs would grow an extra pair of wings, and the wind released by these wings would be so powerful. Our fire-filled sky and energy beasts were all destroyed."

The old man Jiu Suan also let out a sigh of relief, with a tired look on his face. He looked at Gu Yuan Zheng Gu and smiled and said: "Fortunately, the number of such rocs coming out this time is not very large, only less than one." 100 million, if the number is a little more, it will be really troublesome. To be honest, I really can’t bear it.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "It seems that we have to think of other ways. The enemies we encounter next time will only be stronger. If we just use the phantom killing array to deal with them, it will definitely not work. , we have to think of other ways, let's go, let's go see Lao Wen, let's discuss it together and see if there is any way." Old Man Jiu Suan and Bai Yan didn't say anything, just nodded, Gu Yuanzheng explained After a few words, he led the two of them towards the command hall.

When the two arrived at the command hall, they found that Wen Wenhai and Wen Yuming were there, Zhu Yong was also there, and Elder Zhen was also there, but the others had not arrived yet. As soon as he saw them coming, Wen Wenhai immediately rushed to the three of them. The man waved, and the three of them walked over quickly. Wen Wenhai looked at the three of them and said, "Are you here for the big rocs today?"

Gu Yuanzheng was not polite, he nodded and said: "Yes, those rocs today have grown an extra pair of wings, and the wind released by those wings is really very domineering, as if it can freeze everything." Likewise, if we hadn't asked Elder Jiu Suan to fully mobilize the power of the phantom killing formation, and with the cooperation of all our disciples, it would definitely not be an easy task to destroy those Dapeng. I just want to Know how to deal with those Dapeng, and don’t forget that the Dapeng we face next time will be more numerous and stronger.”

Wen Wenhai turned his head and glanced at Wen Yuming, who nodded and said: "We also saw the attacks of those big rocs before. The wind used by those extra wings of the big rocs should be a kind of dark wind. But it is not an ordinary evil wind, it is a very overbearing evil wind. This evil wind is very domineering, very powerful, it can freeze almost everything, and it is very powerful. But what is the origin of this evil wind, we have not thought about it yet. Come out, there is no good way to deal with these evil winds, but I have sent people to ask for the Gangfeng elders. They are the masters of wind in the Gangfeng tree clan. I want to hear their opinions. As for the full We are already trying to find a solution to the Skyfire matter."

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Gu Yuanzheng didn't say much. They knew very well what they were talking about now. Wen Yu Ming had no good way to do it. It would only increase the pressure on Wen Yu Ming. Instead of doing that, It was better not to say anything. After all, they were friends with Wen Yuming and there was no way to force him like that.

At this moment, there was a sound of footsteps, and an old man with a strange appearance walked in from outside. His face was full of wrinkles and a beard, but his footsteps were very steady, and every step was very smooth. Stable, giving people a feeling of being rooted on the ground.