c7465 coming

Three days later, Gu Yuanzheng stood quietly in the frontline headquarters. There were three people standing beside him, namely Old Man Jiusuan, Baiyan, and Elder Gangfeng. Elder Gangfeng had already left seclusion, and he He is still the same as before, an old man who looks very much like a tree, but there is no trace of peace in him. On the contrary, there is a trace of vigor and fierceness in him.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the radar screen in front of him and said in a deep voice: "In about an hour, the enemy may appear. If the enemy that appears this time is still the kind of four-winged roc, there should be hundreds of them. Hundreds of millions, and this should be the last time we face the four-winged roc. After this time, I am afraid that the other party will change their tricks again, but we don’t know what it will be like.”

Old Man Jiu Suan said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, Elder Gu. We are all ready. No matter what method the enemy uses, we can deal with it. Please don't worry." Old Man Jiu Suan is very confident now. Because they have the big tree of the Blood Killing Sect, they can get almost anything they want, and he has also set up a very domineering array. If the enemy really comes this time, they will definitely make them They look good.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and before he could speak, he heard Old Man Gangfeng say: "My Gangfengshu clan has just come out of seclusion and finally caught up with this battle. This is a good opportunity for us. The last battle made us make great progress, this time we must let those big rocs know how powerful our Gangfengshu clan is."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile. Then he turned to look at Old Man Gangfeng and said: "Elder Gangfeng, it seems that the last battle was really helpful to you. Otherwise, With your previous temper, you wouldn't be so anxious to ask for a fight. As soon as you get out of seclusion, you will come directly to save the fight."

Old Man Gangfeng snorted coldly and said: "The previous battle has made us understand a truth. Practice with peace of mind. If you want to achieve immortality just by practicing, it is impossible. If we really feel at ease If you cultivate your mind and stop thinking about fighting with others, you will lose your sharpness. Without your sharpness, our Gangfengshu clan will be finished sooner or later. Fortunately, the sect leader discovered this and gave us an order directly. Otherwise, the consequences will be really unimaginable.”

Gu Yuanzheng looked at him, smiled slightly and said nothing. In fact, he was very satisfied with the current attitude of the old man Gangfeng. The Gangfengshu clan had always been too content with the status quo. For them, this was really a problem. There was no benefit at all, but he couldn't say anything. But this time Zhao Hai gave them the order, and it was really right. He immediately made the Gangfengshu clan understand that just by practicing, it was There is no use, only fighting can keep them improving, otherwise they will be eliminated sooner or later.

From the perspective of Gu Yuanzheng, the potential of the Gangfengshu clan is still great. They are the demon clan, or the stronger ones among the plant demon clan. As long as they still have the spirit, as long as they can fight and then work hard to cultivate. If they practice, their progress will be very fast, which is a good thing for them, a great thing.

Bai Yan said at this time: "To be honest, the combat power of these Dapeng is really good. If we can really get their genes to upgrade the alien family, it will be a real help to our Blood Killing Sect. It's too big, but it's a pity that nothing is left of these Dapeng, which is really disappointing."

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "There is nothing we can do about this. After all, we are in the inner space created by Buddhist masters. It is impossible for him to drive the real Dapeng, so he cannot get the genes of these Dapeng." It's normal. I really want to see what good things we can get after we take down the entire Garuda Realm. I hope we won't be disappointed."

Baiyan smiled and said: "I don't really care about what we can get here. What I care about is, if we can really take down all the eight realms of Tianlong, will we really be able to take down all the eight realms?" The Pure Land of Buddhism can be combined into a real Pure Land. If this can really be done, it will be of great help to us. The Buddhist Pure Land is of great help to both Buddhists and ordinary monks. .”

The old man Jiu Suan said: "In my opinion, the most important thing in Buddhism is the Buddha's power. This Buddha's power is very important for the enemy's attack. And the Buddha's power that we, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, practice , it should be different from the Buddhist power cultivated by the Buddhist power in Wanshan Realm, because the scriptures we practice are also different from the scriptures practiced by Buddhists in Wanshan Realm. Therefore, the Buddhist power generated is also different, which Elder Fajing has confirmed, so the Buddha power of our Blood Killing Sect can be said to be a sharp weapon in the hands of our Blood Killing Sect."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "It's true, this Buddha's power is nothing to our bloody disciples, it only has benefits and no harm, but for outsiders, it is a big killer weapon. We will use more in the future." Just pay attention. By the way, how is the following disciple's practice of mind going?" Gu Yuanzheng's last words were asked to Bai Yan.

Ever since the sword intention, the combination of the sword intention and the magic circle, the power it can exert has huge lethality to those big rocs, Wen Wenhai has attached great importance to this matter, so everyone began to arrange disciples to understand the meaning Go, this intention is not only the intention of the sword, but also other things, such as the intention of the spear, the intention of the ax, and even the intention of poison.

Yi is the reduction card of Tao, and Tao includes many things. The three thousand avenues, and the three thousand avenues, refer to different ways of cultivation. It can even be said to be non-cultivating professions, so the use of poison is actually intentional. Yes, it’s just that poisonous meaning is more difficult to comprehend than other meanings.

Upon hearing Gu Yuanzheng's question, Bai Yan couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Arrangements have already begun. The disciples will practice mind training in batches. It will not affect our normal battles. And now in the Blood Killing Sect, we have understood the mind. There are really a lot of disciples, but none of them have poisonous or formation intentions. It seems that in this regard, they are born to be at a disadvantage." Bai Yan is now the deputy of Gu Yuanzheng, some Everything is handled by him, so he knows better. Now when Gu Yuanzheng asks him, he can naturally answer it immediately.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "Don't underestimate those disciples. In our world of cultivation, there has always been an unwritten rule. The more difficult something is to practice, the more powerful it will be once it is mastered. If If they really mastered difficult-to-practice meanings such as the formation path or the poison path, their power is definitely much more powerful than ordinary meanings."

Bai Yan nodded and said: "I think so too. I heard that Elder Sheng Si has already gone to understand the meaning. Do you think he will be the first person to understand the meaning?" When Bai Yan mentioned Sheng Si, There was a hint of respect and a hint of envy in his tone. He had seen Sheng Si take action. He knew Sheng Si's strength, so he respected Sheng Si even more. But he also knew that the reason why Sheng Si was what he was now. The reason for his strength was that he was talented enough and met an old adoptive father, so he was also a little envious.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said in a deep voice: "Speaking of it, it is really possible for Xiaosi to be the first person to understand the meaning of the formation. His attack method has always been the Void Condensation Formation Technique. Now he is using the Void Condensation Formation Technique. His attainments in formation skills are already very deep. Although he may not be as good as the young master, there is absolutely no problem in saying that he is the first person under the young master."

Baiyan nodded. At this moment, a sudden siren sounded, and several people immediately stopped talking. They all turned their attention to the radar screen, and a dense number of small dots appeared on the radar screen. There are too many to count.

Upon seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng took a breath and said: "It is indeed the four-winged Dapeng. It seems that this is really their last attack. Send an order and the whole army is ready to fight." Immediately, a staff officer responded. , and then went to pass the order, and the Blood Killing Sect all moved and got ready to fight.

When those four-winged rocs entered within thousands of miles of the Blood Killing Sect, they were not immediately attacked. It was not until they entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killing Sect that they were attacked. Countless energy beasts attacked them. In the past, these energy beasts could only slow them down. Those Dapeng also knew that their real threat was the sword energy and spinning swords.

Sure enough, just when they entered the range of three hundred miles, they were immediately attacked by sword energy. The sword energy released this time was somewhat different from the sword energy released two times before. The sword energy was not one, but many. Of course, it was not as powerful as the sword energy released a few times before, but the sharp energy was not missing at all.

These sword qi also had huge damage to the four-winged rocs. Although those big rocs used golden light and extremely cold ice wind to deal with those sword qi, they were still killed by those sword qi. Although the sword qi became smaller However, the number of sword qi has increased, so the threat of those sword qi to the four-winged roc has not become smaller, but has become greater than before, and the damage to the four-winged roc has also increased. More than before.

In this case, the forward speed of those four-winged rocs was even slower. However, when those four-winged rocs entered two hundred miles outside the Blood Killing Sect, countless spinning swords attacked them again. The attack of the spinning sword is very fierce, with golden light on it, but these Dapeng have become accustomed to it, because they have to face such an attack every time they attack.

Soon all the big rocs rushed into the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and in such a short period of time, the number of four-winged rocs they lost reached at least nearly 100 million, which was unprecedented before. Dare to imagine, but now the Blood Killing Sect has really done it. Before those four-winged rocs entered the Blood Killing Sect's base, 100 million people had already died. This shows how powerful the Blood Killing Sect's attack power is. Powerful, but the really powerful attack of the Blood Killing Sect is actually inside the base.