c7463 progress

The words of the leader of the Gangfeng Tree clan shocked all the people of the Gangfengshu clan. As they released their Gangfeng even harder, they unknowingly brought with them another Gangfeng. With an indomitable momentum, they relied on this momentum to keep attacking and attacking. Then their strong wind began to entangle with the extremely cold ice wind of those big rocs, and they ended up in a tie. It actually began to slowly gain the upper hand.

After all, the Gangfengshu Clan is well-organized, and they are hiding it, while those big rocs are hiding it. Those big rocs don’t know that the Gangfengshu Clan exists, but the Gangfengshu Clan is aware of the existence of those big rocs. Yes, the amount of information on both sides is not equal, which gives them an advantage.

In the Blood Killing Sect, the masters of swordsmanship and the phantom killing formation cooperated. From time to time, big rocs were killed on the spot. As those big rocs were killed, the strength of those big rocs naturally became lower and lower, and Gang However, the Feng Shu clan is becoming more and more aware. The fierce and indomitable momentum in their Gang Feng is becoming more and more abundant, and naturally they are gradually gaining the upper hand.

Gu Yuanzheng and the others have been paying attention to the situation on the battlefield. Now when they saw this situation on the battlefield, Gu Yuanzheng took a breath and said: "That's right, I really didn't expect that the Gangfengshu clan found them so quickly. I feel like this is a good thing. It seems that it will be easier for our Blood Killing Sect to set up positions in the future. With the help of the Gangfengshu clan, when we set up positions in the future, we only need to let them be on top."

Bai Yan nodded and said: "Yes, I really didn't expect that the Gangfengshu clan could withstand the opponent's attack so quickly. This is a good thing for us. The sect master has a vision." Bai Yan really admires Zhao Hai now. Incomparably, if Zhao Hai hadn't given that order, the Gangfengshu clan would have been slowly marginalized by the Blood Killing Sect. No one would have imagined that their clan would have such great potential.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "This is exactly the purpose of the young master, to make all the races of our Blood Killing Sect stronger. Only in this way can our Blood Killing Sect continue to move forward. He does not want anyone to fall behind." Gu Yuanzheng knew that in Zhao Hai's space, there were some races that had been abandoned by Zhao Hai because they had been left behind for too long. They even had to find a space to arrange for them and let them leave Zhao Hai's inner space. , and this incident also deeply touched Zhao Hai, which is why Zhao Hai pays so much attention to cultivating the various races of the Blood Killing Sect.

Bai Yan also heard the meaning of Gu Yuanzheng's words. When he heard Gu Yuanzheng say that Zhao Hai didn't want anyone to fall behind, Bai Yan's eyes couldn't help but shrink. He knew very well that there was no one in the Blood Killing Sect now. Any race is left behind, but from what Gu Yuanzheng said, it seems that he has seen someone falling behind. That means that when he saw someone falling behind, that person may not be from the Blood Killing Sect, but someone from there. Woolen cloth? Who else doesn't he know?

Bai Yan suddenly realized that he seemed to have suddenly discovered a great secret in the Blood Killing Sect, or in other words, he had discovered a great secret of Zhao Hai. When he thought of this, Bai Yan's eyes couldn't help but brighten even more. But he didn't say it, and he didn't ask Gu Yuanzheng. He knew very well that even if he asked, Gu Yuanzheng might not tell him, so he simply stopped asking and just kept the matter silent. Keep it in mind.

Gu Yuanzheng didn't realize that he had revealed his words, so he was still staring at the situation on the battlefield. After a while, he finally said: "Actually, I really feel very lucky. Fortunately, when the young master ascended, he ascended When we get to this place, if we directly ascend to the Wanshan Realm, then what we have to face may be another situation. I am afraid that even now, we will not be able to fight with others, and our strength will not improve so quickly. You What do you say?"

Baiyan nodded and said solemnly: "I am really lucky to be here. Here we can get full exercise, we can practice, and there are opponents. These opponents are still stronger than each other. We must not It is really important for us not to improve our strength again and again and stimulate our potential again and again. With this training, I can guarantee that when we get to Wanshan Realm, We don’t have to be afraid of any force anymore.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, now that we have arrived at Wanshan Realm, we don't have to be afraid of any force. Then we can take care of the Shadow Clan. The Shadow Clan is our biggest Enemies, the young master has always thought so, and what the young master said is not wrong, then we must deal with the Shadow Clan with all our strength."

White Eyes nodded, and he said in a deep voice: "The Sect Master's judgment is not wrong, and after such a long period of contact, we can also be sure that those guys from the Shadow Clan are definitely not the same as us. We must Be careful with them." Bai Yan admired Zhao Hai very much at this point, because Zhao Hai decided that Shadow Clan was their biggest opponent almost when he first came into contact with them, and now it seems that Zhao Hai The judgment is indeed correct.

Speaking of which, in the Blood Killing Sect, Bai Yan was the group of people who followed Zhao Hai for the shortest time. He only followed Zhao Hai when he arrived at the Black and White Battlefield, but he already knew about the Blood Killing Sect by reading the history of the Blood Killing Sect. The origin of the sect, and even knowing Zhao Hai’s past, how Zhao Hai has come step by step from the beginning of exploring the sect to the present.

When he saw the records of Zhao Hai's step-by-step progress to where he is today, Bai Yan was really impressed. He never thought that Zhao Hai would ascend step by step. The people who have ascended to this day are generally It is absolutely impossible for Zhao Hai to be as strong as Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai has reached this level. The most important thing is that he also brought everyone from the Blood Killing Sect with him. How could he not be surprised? How could you not admire it.

It is precisely because of this that although he has not been a member of the Blood Killing Sect for a long time, his admiration for Zhao Hai is no less than that of the old disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He has risen through the ranks through his own efforts. People know better how difficult it is to ascend once, so they admire Zhao Hai even more.

Byakugan ascended from a sect in the lower realm. There is no Shadow Clan in the interface where he is, but even if there is no Shadow Clan, the fighting between the sects in that interface has never stopped. Yes, although these people are all from the sect, in the eyes of some casual cultivators, they are extremely lucky. Only Bai Yan knows that the competition faced by these people from the sect is also very fierce.

The most important thing is that although they are from a sect, all the people in that sect are very selfish. They will not consider other people in the sect at all, even if they really do it for the sect. The other people here will only consider for some of their descendants or disciples, and this kind of consideration is still considered when it will not have any impact on themselves. If it really does have an impact on themselves, The only thing they think about most is themselves.

So when Byakugan first joined the Blood Killing Sect, he thought that the Blood Killing Sect was a place like his previous sect. However, as he joined the Blood Killing Sect, his understanding of the Blood Killing Sect deepened. Only then did he realize that there is actually such a sect in this world, that there is such a kind of person in this world, that there is actually such a training method in this world, that this It's really amazing.

It is precisely because of understanding this that those who later joined the Blood Killing Sect will be more grateful to the Blood Killing Sect, and they will cherish the Blood Killing Sect even more, because they all believe that apart from the Blood Killing Sect, there is no one else but the Blood Killing Sect. No other sect would do this, so they cherish the Blood Killing Sect even more than the average Blood Killing Sect disciples.

Gu Yuanzheng didn't know about this situation. After all, he didn't know Baiyan and the others very well. They only knew that Baiyan and the others were the people Zhao Hai accepted in the Black and White Battlefield, and these people were very loyal. Therefore, they can be used. Zhao Hai thinks that they can rest assured, so naturally they can rest assured.

Just when Bai Yan was thinking about these things, the situation on the battlefield had reached a fever pitch. The attack power of those big rocs was really no joke. Although their extremely cold ice wind was blocked, they still had golden light. However, when they released the golden light, they were all blocked by the sword energy or knife energy of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, so their attack was still of no use.

The most intense battle on the battlefield now is actually between the Dapeng and the Gangfengshu clan, the Gangfeng of the Gangfengshu clan, and the extremely cold ice wind released by the Dapeng. This is the most intense battle on the entire battlefield. It is precisely because of this that those Dapeng didn't know at all that they were facing the Gangfeng Tree clan, and they didn't know the situation of their companions at all. They were still fighting against Gangfeng, The Gangfengshu clan also kept fighting against them. In this confrontation, the strength of the Gangfengshu clan also received a huge improvement.

Their Gangfeng is completely different from before, more solid, and the extra momentum in their Gangfeng is also more powerful. This kind of momentum makes their Gangfeng more powerful. Powerful, slowly the entire Gangfeng tree clan completed a transformation.

From the very beginning, the Dapeng clan still had the upper hand when facing those strong winds. Now they are completely at a disadvantage, but they have never given up the fight, because they can't do it without fighting. They simply couldn't do without the Blood Killing Sect's phantom killing formation, so they could only fight against it.

In fact, those Dapeng didn't know this situation. They only knew that they seemed to have entered an endless world of wind. There were strong winds everywhere. These strong winds kept attacking them, but they couldn't help it. No response, because if they don't resist, the strong wind can hurt them. Although it is impossible to kill them immediately, the strong wind seems to be endless. In this case, they do not resist , sooner or later they will be killed by those strong winds, so they can only fight.