c7462 Fight

Three days passed in the blink of an eye, and it was time for the Blood Killing Sect to attack again. Gu Yuanzheng immediately ordered the entire army to attack without any hesitation. Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect's army immediately attacked. They advanced a little faster this time. It only took less than five hours to advance ten thousand miles, and even the magic circle and combat plants had been planted. In fact, this time they planted The Zhan Zhi that came down was a bit special. This time, the Zhan Zhi were all from the Gangfengshu clan.

Speaking of which, the situation of the Gangfengshu clan is really special. The fighting power of the Gangfengshu clan is not weak, but for now, it is no longer considered strong. They are considered a demon clan, because all of them are Gangfengshu. Feng Shu, they have their own consciousness again, so they can be regarded as demon clan.

But there is Zhan Zhi in the Blood Killing Sect who said that they are more like Zhan Zhi than the Monster Clan, but no one cares about this. They originally surrendered to Zhao Hai as the Monster Clan, so they are The demon clan, not to mention Elder Gangfeng, is still the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect, so the people of the Blood Killing Sect treat them as a separate race.

The current fighting method of the Gangfeng clan is also very special. They are rarely placed directly on the battlefield like Zhan Zhi. They are usually placed on the bodies of the undead behemoths, together with the undead behemoths. Take action and fight the enemy together. When the undead giant wants to attack the enemy from a distance, it will release Gangfeng, and these Gangfeng come from these Gangfeng trees.

This time, almost all the Gangfeng trees in the Blood Killing Sect are gathered here. Although there are some Buddha power plants among these Gangfeng trees, except for those Buddha power plants that allow energy beasts to rest, there are no The other plants are all Gangfeng trees.

And the Gangfengshu clan is now determined to die. They must fight to the death with the enemy, because they have received Zhao Hai's order. Even if they die in battle, they will still fight with those Dapeng. As long as they are They will definitely do whatever Zhao Hai orders. This is the Gangfengshu clan.

In addition to the Gangfengshu clan, Old Man Jiusuan has also made arrangements. The small group of Sword Dao disciples selected by him have also been assigned to some positions in the formation. When it comes time to fight, they must To release their sword intent and cooperate with the magic circle to attack, they only need to release their sword intent. As for the attack, they don't need to worry about it at all, just leave it to the old man Jiu Suan.

It can be said that the Blood Killing Sect is now completely prepared and is waiting for the arrival of the enemy. At a quarter o'clock in the evening, the enemy finally arrived. When he saw those enemies, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but breathed a sigh of relief, because he could see Come out, the enemies that came this time were the same as the enemies they faced last time, and the number of enemies that came this time was not very large, only about one billion. As they imagined, there would be 10 billion people coming at once. , there is quite a difference.

Gu Yuanzheng has made special observations. Although the wings of the rocs are now together, it can be seen that they are two pairs of wings, not one or three pairs. In other words, these billions of rocs, It is the same strength as the previous 100 million Dapeng, so they can rest assured.

The new Mantianhuo has also been researched. Naturally, the Ancient Expedition will not use Mantianhuo to attack those big rocs, because it is of no use at all. Instead, it will wait until those big rocs enter the blood-killing range of thousands of miles. When they are inside, just let the energy beasts attack them. Those energy beasts can at least slow them down.

In addition to energy beasts, it is the attack of sword energy. Gu Yuanzheng is not prepared to directly attack the big rocs with sword energy. They have to wait until those big rocs enter the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and then attack them with sword energy. He wanted to use his sword energy to attack those big rocs. He wanted to see what the attack power of this sword energy was.

Those big rocs easily cracked the attack of the energy beasts. Of course, this is also because the ancient expedition did not release those energy beasts with natal runes. The last time the ancient expedition found that those rocs had another pair of them growing on them. Wings, and when using the extremely cold ice wind, no energy beasts with life runes were released, and they were not released this time, so those rocs could destroy the energy beasts of the Blood Killing Sect so easily.

When the big rocs entered the 300-mile range of the Blood Killing Sect, the attacks of the sword energy came one after another. Facing the attacks of the sword energy, the rocs still seemed so powerless. They seemed to be really against the sword energy. There is no good way to attack, the only way is to consume it with golden light, and then enter the Blood Killing Sect's base as quickly as possible.

Last time, because their speed was too fast, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not release their spinning sword wings at all. This time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not polite. Countless half-moon shaped spinning swords were directed at those big rocs. The body was slashed, and the big rocs naturally released extremely cold ice winds to deal with it.

But those whirling sword wings are not that easy to deal with. There are energy arrays on those whirling sword wings. There is energy on them. In addition, there is also the blessing of Buddha power, so although those whirling sword wings are not as good as before. It's very powerful, but it can still cause some damage to those big rocs.

However, because it was too close to the Blood Killing Sect's base, those Dapeng finally rushed into the Blood Killing Sect's base. As soon as they rushed into the Blood Killing Sect's base, they immediately felt that the Blood Killing Sect's base was full of blood. The base of the Killing Sect turned into a world of wind. Countless strong winds blew straight towards them. The wind blew on them like knives. Soon they discovered that this was really a world of wind. A way of attack, their bodies really seemed to have been chopped with knives, and many Dapeng were injured.

Those Dapeng immediately began to counterattack. They did not use golden light to counterattack. In their opinion, using golden light to counterattack was useless. If they wanted to counterattack, they had to use extremely cold ice wind to counterattack, because after all, what the opponent released was Wind, they used golden light to fight back, but the effect may not be very good. The wind is constant, it doesn't just blow and disperse, that's different.

Because the wind was so strong, the Dapeng didn't know where their companions were, and there was no way to contact them with their mental power, so they naturally didn't see the huge sword energy that sometimes appeared suddenly. Behind those Dapeng's backs, he slashed the heads of those Dapeng's with one knife, killing those Dapeng's on the spot.

At this time, the Gangfeng Tree clan was releasing the Gangfeng in their bodies with all their strength. Because Old Man Jiu Suan did not use yin and yang to reverse the formation this time, the rocs were all flying upright, so their attacks were all It comes from below, and the extremely cold ice wind released by the big roc can also blow downwards. So in fact, the Gangfeng tree clan's current Gangfeng has already faced the extremely cold ice wind, but because of the phantom killing The Dapeng didn't notice the relationship between the formations.

As for the sword energy, it is even simpler. The sword energy released by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can also be redirected, so the sword energy actually cuts towards them from behind the big rocs. Those big rocs They didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would use sword energy to deal with them. Although they were guarding their backs, they didn't expect such an attack.

Elder Gangfeng kept releasing Gangfeng, but now he felt a little surprised. Although everyone in the Gangfeng Tree clan was concentrated here and kept releasing Gangfeng, there were also a lot of big rocs. Although Some were killed, but the number is still very large now, so looking at the extremely cold ice wind released by the roc, it is still very powerful.

The Gangfeng tree clan released was cyan, while the extreme cold ice wind was black. The two winds collided in the sky, but now it is the extreme cold ice wind that has the upper hand. Those black winds are The extremely cold ice wind was like black dragons, rushing straight down.

The Gangfeng of the Gangfeng Tree clan is like green snakes that have straightened up their bodies and are preparing to attack the enemy. Although the green snakes straightened up their bodies and blocked the black dragons, they were still suppressed by the black dragons. Keep going downwards, seeing that the extremely cold ice wind is about to touch the top of the Gangfeng Tree family. If the extremely cold ice wind really touches the top of the Gangfeng Tree family, then those Gangfeng Trees will If they would freeze to death, then they would be considered defeated.

The leader of the Gangfengshu clan saw this and was anxious in his heart, but he had no other way now but to release the Gangfeng with all his strength, and at the same time shouted: "All the disciples of the Gangfengshu clan, listen, this battle is not a life-and-death battle." Even if it means death, this is the order given to us by the sect master. We must complete it and fight with them. Even if it means death, we must let everyone in the Blood Killing Sect know that our Gangfengshu clan all died in battle. ,Fight!"

"Fight!" All the members of the Gangfengshu clan shouted loudly. With this loud shout, all the disciples of the Gangfengshu clan tried their best to release the Gangfeng. Unconsciously, they were in the Gangfeng. There was a hint of ruthlessness in it, and with this extra bit of ruthlessness in the strong wind, it actually withstood the extremely cold ice wind.

The leader of Gangfengshu quickly discovered this. After discovering this, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then his eyes couldn't help but show a thoughtful look. In fact, he never quite understood why Zhao Hai wanted to They came to deal with the extremely cold ice wind, because he had said before that their Gangfeng was no match for the extremely cold ice wind, but Zhao Hai still issued such an order, which made him very puzzled. I thought that Zhao Hai was very dissatisfied with the current performance of the Gangfengshu clan, so he wanted to kill someone with a borrowed knife.

But now, after discovering the changes in their Gangfeng, the Gangfengshu clan leader suddenly understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai wanted them to die, and wanted to kill people with a borrowed knife. This was obviously to train them and make them Their Gang Feng has become powerful again. Only when their Gang Feng becomes as strong as the extremely cold ice wind can they withstand the attack of the extremely cold ice wind.

After the leader of the Gangfengshu clan discovered this, his eyes couldn't help but light up. However, he did not immediately tell the rest of the Gangfengshu clan about this. Instead, he said loudly: "We will withstand their attacks." They are attacking, have you seen it? As long as we are not afraid of them, as long as we dare to fight them desperately, then we can withstand their attack and kill them!"