c7469 Foli

When those big rocs saw those revolving sword wings, their bodies trembled, and then they saw countless black feathers flying out from their bodies, facing those revolving sword wings, black feathers and golden revolving swords. The two collided with each other, making a sound of metal clashing. The revolving swords all flew back towards the Blood Killing Sect, and the black feathers also flew towards the big rocs.

At this time, those Dapeng had already entered the base of the Blood Slaughter Sect. As soon as they entered the base of the Blood Slaughter Sect, what was waiting for them was a sea of ​​fire all over the sky. The strong wind carried the fire. Taking advantage of the power of the fire and the power of the wind, the fire rolled straight towards the big rocs.

The fire was orange-red, and it seemed to give people a very pure feeling. The Dapeng felt very bad when they saw these fires, because they felt a trace of Buddha power from these fires, but They reacted immediately, spitting out golden light from their mouths, and then countless black claw shadows flew out of their claws.

But when these golden lights encountered the fire wave, they were directly swept away by the fire wave. However, the sea of ​​​​fire below was not affected in any way. Although the claw shadow was also caught in the sea of ​​​​fire, but when it encountered The sea of ​​fire immediately turned into black smoke and disappeared directly. This also let those Dapeng know that they had not felt wrong before. There was indeed Buddha power in this fire, and it was also a very pure Buddha power.

These Dapeng didn't know that these fires were not ordinary fires, but a kind of pure fire used in Buddhism. This kind of pure fire itself was transformed by Buddha's power. Old man Jiu Suan discovered that using Buddha's power to deal with those big fires Peng, the effect would be better, so he directly used this kind of pure fire. Of course, he could not make the purest pure fire, but he could directly use it when arranging the fire magic circle. In it, Buddhist scriptures and precepts are added, so that those fire spells will naturally contain Buddhist power. Although this kind of pure fire cannot be compared with pure Buddhist pure fire, the Buddhist power contained in it is It is very pure, and there is absolutely no problem in using it to deal with these Dapeng.

This is also the first time that Old Man Jiusuan has tested this kind of purifying fire, but now it seems that the effect is very good. Part of this purifying fire is real, and part of it is fake. The fake purifying fire is actually the Blood Killing Sect. The sword energy released by the disciple was very powerful and could naturally block the golden light.

The waves of fire got higher and higher, and soon all the big rocs were burning. As the big rocs burned, bursts of black smoke came out of their bodies. Finally, the big rocs turned into a ball. A wisp of black smoke disappeared immediately. At the same time, the big rocs also discovered that the strong wind that drove the fire element was still the same strong wind that attacked them a few days ago. If those winds hit them, they would also hit them. Leaving a series of wounds.

As time went by, the number of Dapeng became less and less. Finally, in less than five hours, all the 100 million Dapeng disappeared. Even if they grew four claws, it was of no use. , those countless claw shadows were completely purified by the pure fire.

When the last roc disappeared, everyone heaved a sigh of relief. Then Gu Yuanzheng turned to the old man Jiu Suan and said, "Elder Jiu Suan, I really didn't expect that the net fire formation you created this time would be so powerful. Big, those black claw shadows released by the big roc are not that easy to deal with, those claw shadows can even block the sword energy."

The old man Jiu Suan also let out a long breath, and then said: "Yes, even I didn't expect that this pure fire formation would be so powerful, and it could wipe out all the big rocs so quickly. It seems that this The path is right. Add Buddha's power to the magic circle, and the spells released will indeed contain Buddha's power. And this kind of spell with Buddha's power is indeed the most powerful when used to deal with those big rocs. It’s suitable, we can give it a try next time we arrive.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "This is up to you. At this point, we can't help. That's all. Let's not talk about it. Judging from the situation of this battle, those new full The sky fire is still very powerful, but I think that after we fire a round of Buddha's Golden Needle, we can use some other sky fire, which may have unexpected effects by then, what do you think?"

The old man Jiu Suan nodded and said: "Although Buddha's power is very useful in dealing with those big rocs, it is impossible to kill them all at once. First, use Buddha's power to remove the defenses on those big rocs." The power will be reduced, and then use other Sky Fire to attack those big rocs, so the effect will be better."

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "Let's go see Lao Wen now, tell him our ideas, and let them make some adjustments as soon as possible. Didn't Lao Wen say that they can make arrows with other different spells?" Then let them do it. If there are other magic arrows, and they are used together with the Foli arrows, the effect will be better." After saying that, Gu Yuanzheng led the three people and returned directly to the command. There in the lobby.

When they arrived at the command hall, they saw that everyone was there. The four of them got used to it and sat down directly in the hall. When Wen Wenhai saw the four of them coming, he waved his hands and said, "Okay, everyone is here." , everyone, please tell us your views on this battle, Lao Gu, you are the frontline commander, so you should speak first."

Gu Yuanzheng was not polite and stood up directly, saying in a deep voice: "Okay, let me talk about it first. The first point is that the new Mantianhuo is very easy to use and very powerful. But I think, we You should prepare more arrows. Foli arrows and other magic arrows can be mixed. Use Foli arrows to weaken the defense of those big rocs, and then use ordinary magic arrows to destroy them directly. This way It could be more lethal."

"The second is to add Buddha's power to the magic circle. This technique is more effective against those big rocs. We can use it more in the future. Not only the magic circle, I think our sword energy can also be used. This move also prints Buddhist scriptures on our swords to bless the Buddha's power. In this way, the sword energy may also be blessed by the Buddha's power. If there is Buddha's power, those big rocs want to use their four I’m afraid it won’t be that easy for the claws to deal with our sword energy, so I’ll just say these two points and that’s it.”

After listening to Gu Yuanzheng's words, everyone nodded. Gu Yuanzheng summarized these two points very well. It can be said that these two points are the key to destroying those Dapeng. Everyone only thought of the first point and the second point before. Not many people thought of it. Now that Gu Yuanzheng was mentioned, they thought of this.

Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then said: "These two points mentioned by Lao Gu are very important. We should pay careful attention to them. Lao Wen, I will leave the arrow matter to you. Is there no problem with this?" As Wen Wenhai spoke, he turned to look at Wen Yuming. Today was the first time that Wen Yuming used the new Mantianhuo against the enemy. He was a little worried, so he came to attend the meeting, so Wen Wenhai went directly to Tell him what happened.

Wen Yuming said solemnly: "No problem, don't worry, we will make arrangements when we get back, and we can also add Buddha's power to all the spherical arrays we make in the future, so that we can save Elder Jiu Suan and the others from trouble. Once." For them, making something like this that has been available for a long time is no problem for them. The production ability of the Blood Killing Sect Shenji Hall is very amazing, and their production skills are also amazing. It has even been fully automated, which is very good.

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "After everyone goes back, tell all the disciples that all weapons in the future must be accompanied by Buddhist scriptures and precepts, and must be consecrated at the same time. Buddha's power is the most useful thing to deal with those big rocs. We Of course you have to use it properly." Everyone agreed in unison, this must be reminded.

Zhu Yong then continued: "Actually, in addition to growing two more claws, those big rocs also have another ability, and that is their feathers. Their feathers can actually fly out and block our revolving sword. This is also It’s never happened before, so you have to be careful.”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I have also noticed this, but they only used it once. After that, they did not use this ability in the phantom killing array. Does that mean that their ability to attack The power is actually not very strong? They thought it was useless, so they didn’t use it in the phantom killing array?"

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "It is possible, but the power is small now, does not mean that the threat will be small in the future, and even if the power is not strong now, it can still block our spinning sword. If the power really becomes stronger in the future , wouldn’t that be more terrifying? So I think we still have to be a little more careful.”

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "This point needs to be noted. This is also a familiar attack method of the enemy. And I think everyone should not forget that when we faced people from the Shadow Clan in the past, they would also use it. Those who practice martial arts can also use magic. Although I don’t know why the Shadow Clan people here rarely use it, we have to guard against this."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Maybe it's because these Shadow Clan people can't be regarded as real people, and they are also affected by the power of the basic laws here, so they can't use those spells, but just like the ancient That said, we really have to be on guard to avoid falling for those big rocs, which would be embarrassing."

Everyone nodded, and Wen Wenhai then said in a deep voice: "This time the four-clawed roc appeared, so it is very likely that the four-clawed roc will appear next time. There is nothing to discuss now. Let's all go back." Let's get ready. Three days later, during an attack, we should be able to take care of the big rocs this time. There should be no problem. We should pass these two levels as soon as possible, and then see what other tricks the rocs have. "

Everyone responded, and then Wen Wenhai waved his hand. Then everyone stood up, saluted to Wen Wenhai, then turned and left. They must go back immediately and let all the disciples perform Buddhist rituals on their weapons. With the blessing of strength, only in this way can we deal with those Dapeng better, and it will be easier to destroy those Dapeng.