c7468 Four-clawed roc

"Okay!" When Sheng Si finished speaking, the whole hall was filled with cheers. Everyone was really happy. They really didn't expect that Bai Yan had just proposed this method, and they hadn't even tried it yet. Someone has already completed the experiment, and it has been of such great help to improve their strength. They are really happy.

Wen Wenhai was also very happy. He asked Sheng Si to sit down, then turned to look at everyone and said: "Now we are still fighting with Dapeng. We cannot let all the disciples practice this method together right away. We must Maintain the speed and attack power of the attack, because if we cannot maintain the speed and attack power of the attack, then there will be endless attacks, just like the previous one, so even if we want to practice this method, we must divide it into Doesn’t everyone have any objections to the batch process?"

Everyone said: "No objections." Of course they would not have any objections. The Blood Killing Sect is still fighting those big rocs. Of course, there is no condition to let all the disciples retreat at the same time, so it is necessary to do it in batches. , there are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so doing this will not affect the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect, so it must be done.

Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and said with a smile: "Okay, let's go back and make arrangements. Lao Gu, the attack in three days must not stop, go ahead." Everyone responded with a roar, and then they all stood up He stood up, bowed to Wen Wenhai, and then turned and left.

After Gu Yuanzheng returned to the frontline headquarters, he rolled his eyes at the three of them, and then he smiled slightly and said: "I really didn't expect that today's meeting would be so interesting, and two more good things came out at once, okay, Great, Elder Jiu Shuang, do you think you, the Jiu Shugui clan, should really go to Daozi Mountain to understand the meaning of the formation? If you can really understand the meaning of the formation, then for you, the Jiu Shugui clan, But it’s definitely a good thing.”

The old man Jiusuan smiled bitterly and said: "Not now, the number of our Jiu Shugui clan is already small. Now is the time of the war. No one can leave. Let's wait until after the war. Daozi Mountain is there anyway. He won’t run away, it’s nothing.” What the old man Jiu Suan said is the truth. Now the Blood Killing Sect can’t do without the Jiu Shugui clan. Without them, the power of the phantom killing formation on the front line of the Blood Killing Sect would not be able to survive. It will become smaller. In that case, it will not be of any benefit to the Blood Killing Sect.

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what the old man Jiusuan said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Well, we can only wait until the war is over. This time the war is over, the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect will definitely be greatly improved. The next interface , no matter what kind of interface it is, we can handle it.”

Baiyan and the others all nodded. The Blood Killing Sect has been making progress, whether in terms of training methods or magical weapons. Even if they don't have any new magic circles, Using only the previous magic circle, they could make countless good things.

Gu Yuanzheng glanced at the radar display in front of him and snorted coldly: "I really want to see what other tricks these Dapeng can play. As long as they don't have any new tricks, we can all work together." , bulldozed them." Gu Yuanzheng and the others were waiting for such an opportunity.

Everyone had the same expression. They really wanted to get rid of those big rocs earlier so that they would have some time to rest. Even if they captured these two interfaces, they still had to It is also good to take down all the other three interfaces, but it is also good to have some rest time in between.

Time passed very quickly, and three days passed in the blink of an eye. During these three days, the Blood Killing Sect was also making some adjustments. Some disciples were transferred to the Xuanwu Space for special training, that is, training them how to Integrating the mind into their skills and blessings, this kind of training cannot be completed in a few days, so there are not many disciples transferred this time, and it will not affect the combat effectiveness here on the front line.

But the Blood Killing Sect's attack continued as usual. This time they still advanced ten thousand miles at once. They all knew that if they advanced ten thousand miles this time, they would face at least one hundred million enemies. , and is still a stronger enemy than the four-winged roc.

So after advancing ten thousand miles, they still set up their formation and prepared to fight the enemy. This time, the Gangfengshu clan still joined the battle and was still on the front line. Now all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect They were all ready and waiting for the enemy to arrive. They really wanted to see what kind of enemy came out this time.

The piercing siren told everyone in the Blood Killing Sect that the enemy they were going to face this time was coming. Gu Yuanzheng and the others' attention also shifted to the radar projection. Looking at the number of light spots on the projection, Gu Yuanzheng was stunned. The voice said: "It is indeed 100 million. It seems that the strength of these Dapeng has reached a certain level. Every time they attack, their number is divided into 100 million, one billion, and tens of billions."

Bai Yan said solemnly: "This also has something to do with our attack of ten thousand miles at a time. If we only attack a thousand miles at a time like before, then the number of enemies we face should not be so large." Bai Yan is talking about strength. Well, if they were here and faced 100 million Dapeng in one attack of one thousand miles, then they would be exhausted. So they are now facing 100 million Dapeng simply because they attacked one thousand miles in one go. Relationship.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded slightly, and then he zoomed in on the radar to see what kind of enemy they were facing this time, but when he saw Dapeng coming this time, he was stunned because he It was discovered that the Dapeng that came this time turned out to be a four-winged Dapeng. This time, these four-winged Dapeng did not even close their wings. All four wings were waving, which looked very strange.

Baiyan and the others were all stunned. The old man Jiu Suan was even more puzzled and said: "Four-winged Dapeng? How is this possible? There must be something wrong. We are taking a closer look." Several people all nodded. Then he carefully observed the big rocs, and suddenly rolled his eyes and said, "No, look at their claws. These are not ordinary four-winged rocs. They also have four claws."

After being reminded like this, everyone took a closer look, and sure enough, there were actually four claws on those big rocs. This made them all very surprised. Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "There are actually more claws this time." Two claws, okay, let’s try our new Skyfire to see how powerful it is, give the order, Skyfire attacks.”

The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. After a while, the order was issued. Countless sky-filled fires from the Blood Killing Sect rose into the sky and attacked the big rocs. After a while, the sky-filled fires directly Smashing towards those big rocs, this time the sky was full of fire, which was propelled by wind, so it was very fast and made no sound.

But those big rocs still discovered these sky-filled fires. When they saw the sky-filled fires, those big rocs immediately waved their wings, and countless black winds rolled straight towards the sky-filled fires. , and Gu Yuanzheng and the others also became nervous at this time. They really wanted to know whether the sky-full of fire could withstand the opponent's extremely cold ice wind.

I saw bursts of blue light suddenly appearing on those fires all over the sky. In the blue light, there was actually a layer of golden light. When the extremely cold ice wind fell on the fire all over the sky, it seemed that suddenly It disappeared in a moment, and those sky-filled fires didn't seem to be affected in any way, and they directly hit the group of Dapeng.

As soon as the Mantianhuo crashed into the group of Dapeng, an explosion immediately occurred. Following the explosion, countless golden needles shot directly from the head of Mantianhuo to the surroundings. Those The golden needle seemed to be able to find its target for a while, and it shot directly into the big rocs.

Before those Dapeng could react, those golden needles directly touched the bodies of those Dapeng, and then the golden needles immediately exploded with Buddha seals one by one, and these Buddha seals were directly covered on them. After landing on the Dapeng's body, those Dapeng didn't rush to defend themselves, and were directly covered by the Buddha's seal. Black smoke immediately rose from the place covered by the Buddha's seal.

The faces of those big rocs all changed. They never thought that such a situation would happen. This is not over yet. There are still fires all over the sky attacking them in a steady stream. The golden needles on their bodies are getting more and more. More and more people came, and more and more Buddha seals were covered on their bodies, so the injuries they suffered naturally became more and more serious.

Soon, a large number of Dapeng could not stand these Buddha seals and turned into a plume of black smoke and disappeared. However, more Dapeng had to spit out golden light to attack those filled with sky fire and block those filled with fire. The golden light is still very useful for Skyfire's attack. They can block Skyfire. Although Skyfire will still explode and those golden needles will still shoot out, it gives them some buffer time so that they can make some Dodge.

In addition, the speed of those big rocs was very fast, so soon those big rocs had entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killing Sect. Just when they entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killing Sect, one after another sword energy, He immediately rushed out from the Blood Killing Sect and slashed at the big rocs. When these big rocs saw the sword energy, they suddenly stretched out four claws, and these four claws were straight. Grab forward.

Following the movement of the big rocs, four black claw shadows flew out directly from their claws. The claw shadows swelled in the wind, and in the blink of an eye they had grown into four huge claws. Each toe on its claws is about a hundred meters long, and its body is black and looks ferocious.

These claws directly met the sword energy, and they heard a loud roar, energy overflowing, and black smoke billowing. It was impossible to see clearly what was going on there. Just when Gu Yuanzheng and the others were still stunned, they Seeing that the big rocs had emerged from the black smoke, they seemed not to be injured at all and rushed directly towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

At this moment, countless revolving sword wings flew out from the base of the Blood Killing Sect and slashed directly at the big rocs. The bodies of these sword wings were all shining with golden light, and they had all undergone the power of Buddha. With the blessing, it is very powerful.