c7479 Function

Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, even if they use the external incarnation to practice, they only make the external incarnation become a part of the body's spiritual energy circulation. And please note that this is used for practice, not training. There is a big difference between practice and training. In the world of cultivation, practice to a great extent refers to the practice of spiritual energy, which is to improve one's own spiritual energy, while training includes many contents, such as The training of external skills, such as auxiliary training, error correction training, etc., various training methods can actually be counted in training.

In this way, it may not be easy for everyone to understand, but if you give an example, it is very easy to understand. Take Ding Chunming as an example. Ding Chunming is a person with a very powerful talent. His strength is innate. As long as he undergoes training, his strength can continue to increase, and any kind of strength, when it reaches a certain level, can exert unimaginable power.

Sheng Si said that Ding Chunming has been practicing with external avatars, allowing the external avatars to constantly increase pressure on his body. In this way, his body is equivalent to always undergoing high-intensity strength training, so that his body can naturally That way it can continue to be strong. But this is only one aspect. On the other hand, Ding Chunming is also using his external avatar to train in force control, and not many people know this.

Ding Chunming's talent is power, which is the same as Sheng Si's idea. He does not need to learn other things. He only needs to infinitely amplify his strongest talent, so that he can become A top master, and it is not enough for a master to just have great strength. He must also learn to control his own strength, which is very important.

If you are just powerful, then the power can be released but not retracted, but it cannot be considered strong. You must learn to control your power, and Ding Chunming's power comes from his body, then he must learn to control his body.

The control of the body mentioned here does not mean simply controlling the body. For example, you can control your fingers and your arms. These are very simple and easy, but can you control every muscle in your body? ? Do you control the direction and amount of force your body exerts very accurately? This is actually very difficult to do.

The most important thing is that Ding Chunming also needs to learn how to better use his own power. After all, he is a monk. Monks are different from mortals. The power of monks is more powerful. When he fights the enemy, He can use a variety of forces at the same time. For example, with one punch, he can produce dozens of forces, such as pushing force, pulling force, pulling force, even explosive force, latent force, and all kinds of forces can be passed through his One punch is used, so when his fist really hits the enemy's body, his body will be attacked by multiple forces at the same time. It is very easy for you to block a single force, but if you want to block various forces With all kinds of power, this is very difficult.

And these powers can also be trained through external avatars. Ding Chunming can have external avatars create various forces, and then he uses the power in his body to fight against it. In this way, slowly, he He will master these powers, and when he fights the enemy, he will be able to use these powers.

The same is true for Sheng Si. When he uses his external avatar, he also uses his external avatar for training. His mental power can continue to increase, because he uses his external avatar to create a force that is constantly in contact with him. His mental power undergoes confrontation training, so that his mental power can naturally increase slowly.

But Sheng Si also knows that if his mental power is too strong and his physical strength cannot keep up, it will not be of any benefit to him, so he must improve his physical strength, so he also He can incarnate outside his body to increase the weight of his body. Of course, this is not necessarily necessary for him. He can also increase his body's strength through other methods, such as acupuncture.

There are many acupuncture points in the human body, and each acupoint has a different effect. As long as the right method is used, as long as the acupuncture method can be used, the human body will continue to become stronger, although it cannot be compared with Ding Chunming. , but compared to ordinary monks, it is still stronger, and Sheng Si uses the acupuncture method.

His external avatar is on his body, but no one can see it. Inside his external avatar, there are many fine needles. These fine needles stimulate his body, making his body become more and more... Ding Chunming told him to be tough, this method, because Ding Chunming also used it.

In fact, it is not only Sheng Si and Ding Chunming who use external incarnations to train, but also those specially trained disciples are using it, and the results are very good, and Ding Chunming and others have also told Zhao Hai about this method a long time ago. But Zhao Hai did not let them tell this method. He knew very well that just like the incarnation of the body, he gave the body to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but because it was too easy to get it, the blood The disciples of the Killing Sect didn't cherish them at all.

In addition to the external incarnation, there is also the optical brain. The role of the optical brain is, to a certain extent, even greater than the external incarnation. However, it is also because it is too easy to obtain, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect still They didn't make good use of it. They didn't even think about it. They had to study carefully what else the optical brain could do and what it was used for. They just used it simply. This made Zhao Hai very disappointed. It was also Because of this, Zhao Hai did not tell the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect about the method of training using external incarnations this time. He had to wait for these disciples to discover it. Only if they discovered it themselves would they cherish it more.

In fact, even Sheng Si and the others have never thought about the use of optical brains. Although they have developed some methods of using optical brains, they are only a small part of the functions of optical brains. Compared with the real functions of optical brains, The effect was too far off, but Zhao Hai did not remind Sheng Si and the others. He was still prepared to let them discover by themselves. This may be more important to them. If they did not discover it by themselves, they still would not Will cherish it so much.

While Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng were talking, the battle outside had reached a fever pitch. The battle between the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and those Kuns was becoming more and more intense. Generally speaking, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect still dominated. They had the upper hand, but when they attacked, they still used the old method, so it took a long time to kill each Kun.

But in general, the situation is still under their control, and there is really nothing to worry about. As long as the situation is stable, those Kun should not be able to escape. This is also the biggest shortcoming of the Tianlong Babu Realm. It’s just that they are not very flexible. What abilities those Kuns have will be revealed soon. Once they are revealed, they generally will not change too much. In this case, as long as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect Once the situation is under control, there shouldn't be any problems.

There are advantages and disadvantages to such a place. The advantage is that as long as they control the situation, they don't have to worry about losing control, because those Kuns do not have the ability to make the situation get out of control, and the environment is because those Kuns will not become brave and do not let the situation get out of control. ability, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect only need to deal with those Kun step by step. There is no need for too many changes. This will also make them suffer some losses in future battles because they will face them in the future. That’s right, it’s not these unflexible Kuns, but all kinds of masters. Those people have their own thoughts, but they can be flexible. They will do whatever they can to deal with you, and if you don’t If you know how to adapt, you will naturally suffer a loss.

This battle lasted for twenty hours before those Kuns were eliminated. This was very similar to Sheng Si's guess. Faced with such a result, Gu Yuanzheng could only sigh lightly. He did not Anyway, after arranging the disciples, they followed Sheng Si directly to the command hall. They still had a post-war meeting to attend.

When the two of them arrived at the command hall, they happened to see Bai Yan arriving at the command hall. Gu Yuanzheng nodded at Bai Yan and said: "Old Bai, I'm afraid you will be busy in the next period of time." Gu Yuanzheng knew , he wants to retreat, and Baiyan will take his place, which will naturally make him very busy.

Bai Yan looked at Gu Yuanzheng with some confusion, but the two of them had already arrived in the hall at this time. Bai Yan didn't want to ask immediately, so he directly found a place to sit down, and Wen Wenhai saw them arriving. , then continued: "Everyone has seen that the defense of those Kuns has become stronger. Now it will be very difficult for us to destroy one of those Kuns. It will take a lot of time. Do you have any questions?" any solution?"

Everyone was silent for a while. After a while, Zhu Yong finally said: "I think it's actually okay. Our attack power is not weak now, and the enemy is only strong in defense. This is more beneficial to the disciple position. We have The solution discussed here was not as good as the solution the disciples came up with on their own, so I think it can continue like this, what do you think?"

Everyone was stunned for a moment, and then nodded. Although Zhu Yong's words seemed to be a waste of words, they were true. The methods they sometimes come up with here may not necessarily be thought up by those disciples. The method is good. After all, those disciples are on the front line, facing the enemy head-on. They have the deepest experience of what method can be used to better eliminate those enemies, so the method they come up with is also the most practical.

At this time, Gu Yuanzheng stood up. As soon as Wen Wenhai saw Gu Yuanzheng standing up, his expression straightened. He really wanted to hear what Gu Yuanzheng had to say. Gu Yuanzheng glanced at Wen Wenhai, then at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "Old Wen, everyone, I have actually been possessed by inner demons recently. During the previous battle, I suddenly broke through the inner demons. Now in my heart I feel something, so I want to go into seclusion for a while. I have to give up the position of frontline command. Old Wen, let Lao Bai take over my position. I am afraid I will have to go into seclusion for about seven days." Gu Yuanzheng also said There was no politeness, he just stated his purpose directly.