c7477 inner demons

Gu Yuanzheng stopped speaking. He just stood there quietly. After a while, he sighed softly and said: "Yes, Xiaosi, you are right. I am the young master's servant, but during that period of time, I I feel very confused. I know what our next journey will be like. I don’t know what it will be like after immortality. I don’t even know what it will be like after we practice so hard. I didn’t expect, Now after listening to your words, I suddenly understand that I was trapped in a kind of inner demon before, which is also a kind of inner demon. Fortunately, your words awakened me. It seems that after this war, Because I have to retreat for a while, maybe I will have a breakthrough."

Sheng Si looked at Gu Yuanzheng's appearance, smiled slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Baiyan will take over for you. After this battle, you will probably be in seclusion for about seven days. When you come out of seclusion, this position will still be yours." After that, After saying this, Sheng Si stopped talking, but his words made Gu Yuanzheng slightly stunned.

It took a while for Gu Yuanzheng to react. He turned to look at Sheng Si, his eyes sparkling. After a while, he suddenly said, "Did the young master ask you to come?" Gu Yuanzheng suddenly figured it out. It was impossible for Si to say those words to him for no reason, and it was even more impossible for him to know that he needed to be in seclusion for a few days, so Zhao Hai must have said this to him.

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "Yes, my adoptive father asked me to come. He has long seen that you have fallen into the inner demons. He knows that he cannot come forward to wake you up. If he comes forward, it is not to wake you up." , it scared you awake directly, which is very detrimental to your cultivation. It just so happened that I just realized the meaning, which was when the Taoist heart was the strongest, so my adoptive father asked me to come. He just Let me stay with you for a while, chat with you, and there is no requirement for me to say anything. He said that this will be helpful to you, and now it seems that it is indeed the case."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Sheng Si said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "I'm ashamed. It turns out that the young master has discovered it a long time ago, but I didn't even notice it. Fortunately, I woke up quickly enough. That's all. I will go there immediately after this battle." Retreat, I feel that my realization this time may also be related to mind, I want to go to Daozi Mountain to retreat."

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "It's ready. My adoptive father specially asked someone to prepare a place for you there. You can go there after the war." Sheng Si did come under Zhao Hai's order. It made him admire Zhao Hai even more. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai even knew such things.

In fact, Sheng Si didn't know that the reason why Zhao Hai was so interested in Gu Yuanzheng was because Gu Yuanzheng was his servant and had a spiritual connection with him. Therefore, there was a problem with Gu Yuanzheng, and Zhao Hai knew it right away. He knew that Gu Yuanzheng was possessed by the inner demon. When he knew the news, he was a little surprised, because among all his servants, Gu Yuanzheng was the first one to be possessed by the inner demon. None of the others had been affected by the inner demon. Demon, this made Zhao Hai very curious.

So recently, Zhao Hai has been observing Gu Yuanzheng. He wanted to see why Gu Yuanzheng fell into the inner demon. Soon he found out that Gu Yuanzheng wanted to realize it, and The meaning he realized this time was a little different, so he fell into the inner demon.

Gu Yuanzheng and the others are from the undead clan, and of course they can also comprehend the meaning. In fact, Gu Yuanzheng also realized the meaning before, and Gu Yuanzheng used a sword before, so what he understood was the meaning of the sword, but this time it was There was something different. The meaning that Gu Yuanzheng realized this time was related to the undead. Even he himself didn't know this, so he accidentally fell into the inner demon without knowing it.

After discovering the situation of Gu Yuanzheng, Zhao Hai did not forcefully tell Gu Yuanzheng that you were possessed by the inner demon. Although Gu Yuanzheng could wake up immediately like that, it would not be good for Gu Yuanzheng, because it would be tantamount to It was Zhao Hai who helped him defeat his inner demons, not him himself.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai arranged for Sheng Si to come to Gu Yuanzheng. Sheng Si had just understood the meaning of the formation, and his Taoist heart was at its strongest. At this time, Sheng Si often had some meaning in his body. In the flow, Youdao's heart is affecting the people around his country. He believes that letting Sheng Si stay by Gu Yuanzheng's side will be good for Gu Yuanzheng.

Sure enough, Sheng Si came to Gu Yuanzheng's side. In just a few days, through a simple conversation, Gu Yuanzheng had already discovered that he was possessed by inner demons, and finally defeated them. After all, Gu Yuanzheng was not A weak hand, he has experienced inner demons before, but this time he was just unaware of it, so he fell into the inner demons. If he had been prepared, he would never have fallen into the inner demons.

After listening to Sheng Si's words, Gu Yuanzheng just nodded and said nothing. However, a firm look flashed across his eyes. He had never seen Zhao Hai taking such good care of him. He will not regret becoming Zhao Hai's servant, and he has become more determined to follow Zhao Hai.

Although Gu Yuanzheng belongs to the undead clan and is Zhao Hai's most loyal servant, he also has his own thoughts. If they really don't want to become Zhao Hai's servants, even if Zhao Hai doesn't let them commit suicide, they are still completing Zhao Hai's mission. In terms of tasks, there will also be some lack of dedication. Of course, this will not happen in the Ancient Expedition. Now he is just trying to make his heart firmer.

The two then chatted again. While chatting and laughing, they had reached a distance of ten thousand miles. Then the Blood Killing Sect's army immediately set up their formation, waiting there for the enemy to arrive. After all these things were done, It's over, there are still about two hours before the people are coming.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who had already set up their formation, and turned to Sheng Si: "Xiao Si, what do you think the enemy that appears this time will be like? Is it Dapeng or those Kuns? If it's Kun, you Do you think they will level up in that area?" Anyway, there's nothing going on right now, it's just chatting, so that's why Gu Yuanzheng asked like this.

Sheng Si thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Although those Kuns are not fast, they are not very slow either, and the suction in their mouths is not very strong. If it is strengthened, it is very likely that they will be here." In terms of defense, of course, it may also be in terms of their defense. Although their defense is very strong, there is still room for improvement, so it is very possible for them to strengthen this aspect."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said solemnly: "I think so too. Those guys are likely to strengthen in these two aspects. Speaking of which, the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is really powerful. They This kind of evolutionary speed is even stronger than that of the Alien Clan. You think it would be great if the Alien Clan could also have such a strong evolutionary ability."

Sheng Si shook his head and said: "Although the alien clan can evolve, they really don't have such a strong ability to evolve. The enemy can evolve this way without absorbing any genes. They are targeting their own weaknesses and our weaknesses. It is too difficult to evolve. Without the persistence of the power of law, it is simply impossible to do it."

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "Our Blood Killing Sect also has its own power of law. The power of our law was formulated by the young master himself. Then why can't the young master formulate a power of law so that the alien clan can also have such power? Evolutionary ability? Then wouldn’t it be easier for us to deal with these Kun?”

Sheng Si shook his head and said: "It's not that simple. First of all, we are in the world of cultivation now. Although the power of our laws was formulated by the adoptive father himself, with the current strength of the adoptive father, there is actually no way to do it alone. Formulated the power of laws, so the adoptive father can only borrow the power of the basic laws here in the world of cultivation, and make some improvements on this basis, so as to create our own power of laws. This is actually very embarrassing. It’s easy, but because the adoptive father uses the power of the basic laws of the world of cultivation, he cannot be as flexible as the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, so it is impossible to create the power of the laws like the Shadow Clan.”

"The second is strength. The current strength of the adoptive father is still much worse than the person standing behind the power of the Shadow Clan's law. The other party can follow his own will and create a power of law, but the adoptive father does not It can't be done, so the other party can use the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but we can't."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Sheng Si said, he couldn't help but nodded, and then said: "Strength, or because of strength, we can only continue to upgrade, and finally break out of the world of cultivation, or completely control the world of cultivation. A true confrontation with the people behind the power of ShadowClan’s laws.”

Sheng Si nodded and said: "Yes, this is the only way we can fight against the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so it is most important to improve our strength and upgrade as soon as possible. Otherwise, sooner or later we will be , will die in the hands of the shadow clan’s power of law, because they can continue to evolve.”

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the radar and said in a deep voice: "The time is coming. I really want to see what those Kuns have become this time." As soon as he finished speaking, he heard a harsh sound. The siren sounded, but Gu Yuanzheng was not affected at all. He was still staring at the radar screen. After a while, he said: "The defense seems to have become stronger. I wonder if the attack power has also become stronger." .”

Sheng Si also looked at the radar screen, and he couldn't help but nodded. What Gu Yuanzheng said was absolutely correct. Those Kun's defenses must have become stronger. This can be seen from the changes in those Kuns. It can be seen that Kun actually has a layer of cuticle on his body, which looks like he is wearing a layer of leather armor. It is very weird, but as soon as everyone sees the changes on those Kuns, they know that they are His defense power must have become stronger, because although their defense power was very good before, at that time they only had skin and did not have this layer of cutin. Now that they have this layer of cutin, their defense will naturally be reduced. It's normal for them to become stronger, but as Gu Yuanzheng said, their defense has become stronger, but they don't know if their attack power has also become stronger. Only after trying it will they know.