c7472 penalty order

"I haven't forgotten! I haven't forgotten!" Everyone shouted in unison. Of course they would not forget that they were fighting here to train the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. But now that Zhao Hai said this, they It seems that I suddenly discovered that this seems to be the best place to train the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect early. The speed of those Kuns is not very fast, not as good as those of the Peng, and their attack power is not very strong, nor can it be as good as those of the Peng. , the only things he has at his disposal are strength and defense, but to put it bluntly, doesn’t this mean it’s just a trick? Why do they think those Kun are so difficult to deal with?

When they thought of this, Wen Wenhai and the others became even more ashamed. They discovered that the reason why they found those Kuns difficult to deal with was because those Kuns could destroy their base. But now that they thought about it, their What's in the base? It’s nothing more than the War Plant Fortress and the Magic Formation. But if they take away the War Plant Fort and the Magic Formation, then there will be nothing in their base, nothing. , how can the enemy destroy it? On the battlefield where there are only Blood Killing Sect disciples, do they still need to be afraid of those Kun? There is no need at all. On the contrary, those Kun will become their living targets.

Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "Okay, just don't forget. Remember, you are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, you are monks, if you don't even have the courage to fight with others, then you still What hope is there? Even if the opportunity of immortality is placed in front of you, you don’t dare to seize it. Remember, tell all my disciples what I said. If those disciples dare not to fight forward, abandon their cultivation, and be reduced to Believers!"

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others were all shocked. This was the first time they heard Zhao Hai give such an order, to abolish his cultivation and be reduced to a letter slave, which meant that the disciple was finished. He may live for a long time, but he can no longer practice. He can only send the power of faith to the Blood Killing Sect every day. That is the lowest existence in the Blood Killing Sect, although those believers are living very well. Okay, but what if they are immortal? Does their immortality really make sense? Not to mention that it is impossible for them to live forever.

For a monk, once he knows what cultivation is and how he should pursue the road to immortality, he will not stop and will keep moving forward. But if at this time, you suddenly They cut off everything in a short while and knocked him back to his original shape, even worse than they were before. So what will happen to them? Life will definitely be worse than death.

Therefore, the order Zhao Hai gave this time is absolutely terrible. Especially for a monk, this is an order that makes them more uncomfortable than killing them. Zhao Hai has never issued such an order before. This is Such an order was given once, which shows that Zhao Hai was really angry this time.

Zhao Hai didn't wait for their answer, and said in a deep voice: "What kind of enemy are we facing? They are the Shadow Clan. Everyone already knows how strong the Shadow Clan is, and how powerful the Shadow Clan's laws are. Strong, everyone should have known for a long time that this place was originally used by the great masters of Buddhism to test their disciples, but with the blessing of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, it has become what it is now, and it has become so difficult to deal with. For such an enemy, if they don't even care about their lives and don't even have the courage to fight, then he is not worthy of being a disciple of my Blood Killing Sect, but I will not take his life easily, and he is only worthy of being my Blood Killing Sect disciple. A faithful slave of the sect.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded with a roar. Zhao Hai stood up, looked at everyone, and said in a deep voice: "The Shadow Clan people are not that easy to deal with, so we must make all preparations. This preparation does not only refer to our strength. , and our hearts, our courage, for monks, we may tend to be more courageous."

"I don't object to us using flexible tactics to destroy the enemy, and I don't object to us using various methods to save our lives, but I definitely don't want to see our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect lose the courage to fight. If we lose our courage, then we will never be able to become a true disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, we will only be a paper tiger, looking scary."

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded with a roar, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's get ready. This time, we don't need anything. We will use our own strength to let those Kun know that we are the members of the Blood Killing Sect." People are never afraid of fighting, never afraid, go ahead and tell all my disciples what I said."

Wen Wenhai and the others responded loudly, but at this time, Zhao Hai had already disappeared from the hall. Looking at the empty chair, Wen Wenhai had a wry smile on his face. Then he turned to look at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Have you heard what the sect master said? Let's take action!"

Everyone responded with a roar, and then they all went to take action. This action was very simple. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all recalled to the Xuanwu Space. Then everyone saw Zhao Hai in What was said in the main hall, and after hearing Zhao Hai's words, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt very ashamed. At the same time, they also felt that the blood in their hearts was boiling, especially the punishment order issued by Zhao Hai in the end, which made the Blood Killing Sect All the disciples of the sect were shocked. Only then did they understand that not only could the sect provide them with countless training materials, but it would also kill them.

It was easier to handle after knowing Zhao Hai's order. Then the Blood Killing Sect began to clean up the battlefield. This time, except for the radar ship and the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, the Blood Killing Sect put away all the war plants and all the magic circles. , and all of them were put away. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all ready to fight. This time they were in human units and really faced off against the enemy head-on.

Of course, this does not mean that they should give up all formations. They will still use the Rubik's Cube Formation, but this time they will not combine their forces. They are going to use the Rubik's Cube Formation directly. Fight against the enemy, cooperate with each other, and destroy the enemy. It will not be like before, where a thousand people form a small team and then form a giant to fight the enemy. It will not be like that now.

This preparation time took three days. This was the result of the joint efforts of countless disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, they really couldn't do it. When all the battle plants and magic circles were put away, the blood The disciples of the Killing Sect felt that the surrounding area was empty, which made them feel a little insecure, but at the same time, it also made them feel that the world was really big, which made them feel a little involuntarily. Pride.

As soon as Wen Wenhai and the others saw that all the disciples were ready, he sent a letter to Gu Yuanzheng and asked them to send troops directly as planned. This time, the Blood Killing Sect's army was divided into three parts, with Gu Yuanzheng as the vanguard. They, they are the ones who push forward. After advancing to 10,000 miles, they will stop there, waiting for the enemy to attack, and they will also be the first batch of people to fight the enemy.

Wen Wenhai led the main force of the Blood Killing Sect as the central army, following Gu Yuanzheng and the others, while Baiyan led the rear army this time. Behind Wen Wenhai and the others, this time the Blood Killing Sect dispatched a total of 30 billion troops, with Gu Yuanzheng in the vanguard. They have an army of 5 billion in the expedition, but the central army has 15 billion, and the rear army has 10 billion. The remaining 30 billion disciples are in the Xuanwu space. They are currently resting. , after this battle, they will replace the 30 billion disciples currently fighting.

Following the order from Gu Yuanzheng, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were dispatched directly. This time, because they did not have to think about magic formations or planting war plants, they moved very fast, one for every ten thousand people. The team leader personally used his own body to transform into a magic weapon, leading everyone forward. After arriving at the designated place, everyone came out of the magic circle, set up their formation, and waited for the enemy's arrival.

All the disciples have a look of excitement on their faces. They are all eager to fight. They all want to fight. Now they finally have a chance. They can face the enemy head-on openly. There are many Blood Killing Sect disciples. They all seemed very excited, and some even had murderous aura unconsciously emerging from their bodies.

Seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but shook his head gently, sighed and said: "No wonder the young master gave such an order, no wonder the young master is angry, we have misunderstood the young master's meaning, we are protecting these disciples Great, look at how they look now, they have been through so many battles, but each one of them still looks like a new recruit who has just entered the battlefield, which is disappointing."

The person following Gu Yuanzheng was none other than Sheng Si. Old Man Jiusuan had returned to Shenji Hall because he no longer had to command the magic circle. Bai Yan had gone to command the rear army again. It happened that here at the front line, he was needed again. The masters were on the battlefield, so Sheng Si was transferred to the front line.

Sheng Si looked at those disciples and smiled bitterly. When Zhao Hai got angry before, he also saw it in his eyes, but his feeling was not great because he never commanded his disciples to fight, and he never fought with the enemy. Sometimes, he usually takes action by himself, so he doesn't feel much.

But now seeing the appearance of the disciples below, Sheng Si couldn't help but smile bitterly. Although he did not command his disciples to fight, he had been in the Blood Killing Sect for a long time and participated in many battles. He was very Clearly, what do real elite soldiers look like? Real elite soldiers are not those soldiers who appear very excited before the war. Those soldiers cannot be regarded as real elites. Real elites are those who can, no matter what the circumstances Stay calm, stay calm, only such soldiers are the most elite.

Such soldiers do not need encouragement. They know what they should do. They will be extremely calm before the war begins, but when the war comes, they will behave extremely coldly, and this kind of coldness will itself become A kind of momentum, an extremely powerful momentum. No matter how high the enemy's morale is, when the enemy faces this kind of momentum, he will naturally be defeated, because this kind of cold and incomparable momentum is murderous and deathly. Wait for the mixture of momentum. When you face an enemy like ice, even if you have too strong momentum,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.