c7470 Kun

There was really nothing to say about the two subsequent attacks of the Dapeng, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already known the weaknesses of the Dapeng. It was really too easy to deal with them. They only needed to If you can eliminate those 100 million Dapeng, you can eliminate those one billion or ten billion Dapeng. This is really too easy.

After all the tens of billions of four-clawed rocs were eliminated, Gu Yuanzheng and the others discussed again what kind of roc would appear next, but they also knew that such discussions were of no use. In the end, I simply didn’t think much about it and just watched the changes and see what kind of Dapeng would come next.

When the Blood Killer Sect advanced ten thousand miles as before, and then set up their formation, ready to wait for the enemy to attack, they were already ready, and they also believed that no matter what came, They can deal with all the enemies, there will be absolutely no problem.

Soon, the siren sounded. Gu Yuanzheng looked at the enemies on the radar screen, and suddenly a strange look appeared on his face. Then he immediately zoomed in on the gang members. With this zoom, he couldn't help but grow He breathed out and said, "It's finally here. I've been waiting for a long time." Baiyan and the others also aimed their gazes at the radar screen. At this sight, they also breathed a sigh of relief, and a strange smile appeared on their faces. .

The reason why they showed such expressions was because the enemies who came this time were really special. The helpers who came this time turned out not to be Dapeng, but the Kun they had been waiting for, that is, one after another. Big fish, extremely huge big fish, these big fish have a big head, the head is semi-circular, and they are swimming in the sky very fast, the body looks bigger than the head A little smaller.

They had long discussed in the Ancient Expedition that those rocs might turn into Kun, and they had come up with various ways to deal with it. They even doubted whether the basic laws here would help them turn the sky here into sea water, but Now I found that it didn't seem like that. The sky did not turn into sea water, and those big fish just swam directly from the sky.

As soon as he saw this situation, the old man Jiu Suan immediately said in a deep voice: "They really changed their tactics, but even if they change their tactics, it's useless. We can still deal with them properly, let's do it , I really want to see what these Dapeng can do after they have changed from birds to fish."

Gu Yuanzheng also smiled slightly. He did not change his attack method because they still don’t know what kind of abilities these big fish have. It is too early to make changes now. He will wait until this battle is over. Well, then we will know what kind of capabilities these enemies will have.

Soon the Skyfire attack began. Gu Yuanzheng and the others wanted to see what those big fish were capable of, but what was unexpected was that those big fish didn't even have any attacks and just watched helplessly. Those fires all over the sky exploded around them, and they watched helplessly as the golden needles on the fires all over the sky fell directly on them without any change. This was really weird.

As the Buddha's seals on the golden needles burst out one by one, the big fish were immediately covered with Buddha's seals one after another, or even covered with layers of Buddha's seals, which looked very weird. In such a situation, This was something that neither Gu Yuanzheng nor the others expected. Gu Yuanzheng looked at the screen blankly and said, "What's going on? Are these big fish sent to die?"

Several other people also looked at a loss, wondering what was going on. Why did these big fish not have any defense or any counterattack from me? How could those big fish just withstand their attack? What the hell is going on? Are these big fish really here to die?

The sudden old man Gangfeng said: "No, the situation is not right. I don't know if you have noticed that not one of those big fish has died so far. Also, you should also notice that there are... There is also very little black smoke coming, compared to those big rocs, the black smoke coming out of their bodies is really too little."

When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned. Then, after taking a closer look, it turned out that it was really what he said. None of those big fish were dead so far. The black smoke coming out of their bodies was... The number was also very small, almost negligible, which made Gu Yuanzheng and the others immediately alert.

At this time, Man Tianhuo's second wave of attacks came again. This time it was a magic attack. The small needles released by Man Tianhuo turned into a magic spell and went straight towards the big fish. It was smashed over, but the big fish didn't seem to see it. They still swam forward like that, as if they didn't care at all.

When those spells hit those big fish, Gu Yuanzheng and the others' expressions finally changed, because they discovered that those spells hit those big fish, as if they were scratching those big fish, Those big fish didn't seem to be hurt at all, and they still swam forward so calmly. Such a change was something they never expected.

Soon the big fish entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Mirror Sect's periphery, and then streams of sword energy were immediately shot out from the base city of the Blood Mirror Sect, slashing straight at the big fish. The bigger fish The big fish was really injured this time, but the sword energy that could kill a large roc fell on these big fish, but it could only cause some injuries to these big fish, but it could not kill them. , they are still moving forward.

When the big fish entered three hundred miles outside the Blood Slaughter Sect, the attack of the spinning sword also arrived. Countless spinning swords slashed straight at the big fish, leaving a trail of marks on the bodies of the big fish. Wounds, this time the big fish finally died, but the number of deaths was far lower than the ancient expedition and their estimates.

Upon seeing this situation, Old Man Jiusuan couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief and said: "It seems that the strongest thing about these big fish is their defense, but if they only have strong defense, they can't do anything to us. This The shortcomings of Big Fish are too obvious, right? They don’t seem to know any offensive methods?"

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "It's impossible, they must have attack methods. Elder Gangfeng, please go down below to organize the overall situation. The ones standing at the forefront now are your Gangfengshu clan. These Big fish is definitely not easy, you must be careful." Elder Gangfeng responded, and then left the headquarters directly.

When those big fish entered the base of the Blood Killing Sect, Gu Yuanzheng and the others finally knew what the attack methods of those big fish were. They saw the big fish's mouths open, and there was a golden whirlpool in their mouths. , as they sucked hard, they saw that all the things in the Blood Killing Sect's base flew towards his mouth, and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Originally, the scene in the Blood Killing Sect base was a sea of ​​fire. There were countless flames that were sucked into his mouth and disappeared. This was something that no one expected. The attack methods of these big fish. It turned out to be this. This was a more terrifying attack method than those big rocs spitting out golden light.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng saw this situation, he immediately said: "Quickly, release the energy beasts to block those big fish. At the same time, let all the disciples use sword energy and sword energy to attack these big fish. If there is still power left, the magic weapon will also If you want to release them, the defense of these big fish is too strong, much stronger than those of big rocs."

The staff officer responded immediately, and then the order was issued. At this time, the old man Jiusuan also began to change the phantom killing formation. He saw that the phantom killing formation that was originally a sea of ​​fire, in just a few breaths, , so the fire all disappeared, replaced by countless weapons, swords, knives, spears, and various weapons everywhere, covering the entire space.

Then all the weapons flew up and attacked the big fish. The big fish still opened their big mouths and sucked hard. Countless swords were sucked in by the big mouth. Of course, they were sucked in by his big mouth. The swords were almost all illusions, but at this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also released countless sword energy and sword energy, constantly attacking the big fish.

But the number of those big fish is 100 million, and although the power of the Blood Killing Sect's illusion array is very huge, the defensive power of those big fish is indeed very scary, even if the Blood Killing Sect disciples use sword energy and swords Attacking them with Qi would not kill them at once, but their big mouths really absorbed a lot of things from the Blood Killing Sect. Even the people of the Gangfengshu clan were sucked in by him. A lot goes into the stomach.

At this time, countless energy beasts collided directly with the big fish, and a loud roar was heard. The big fish only slowed down a little, but all the energy beasts disappeared. When he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but closed his eyes in pain, and said in a deep voice: "I didn't expect that they are so powerful, with strong defense, strong strength, and that kind of devouring ability. These Big fish are much harder to deal with than those big rocs."

Baiyan nodded, and then said to the staff officer next to him: "Contact Elder Ding and the others, let them be ready at any time to support the front line, go ahead." The disciple immediately responded, and then immediately He went to contact Ding Chunming, but Gu Yuanzheng had no objection to Bai Yan's order.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the big fish swimming slowly and leisurely in the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and the bitter smile on his face became heavier. Although the casualties of these big fish are still very high, they have also brought great harm to the Blood Killing Sect. He suffered a lot of losses. The disciples of the Gangfengshu clan suffered a lot. Even the spinning swords of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were sucked in by him. There were also many energy beasts that were sucked in by him. The big fish's big mouth is like a black hole. It can suck anything in. The most important thing is that the suction force is very strong.

However, the Gangfeng Tree clan is not without the power to fight back. Their Gangfeng is also very aggressive towards those big fish. Their Gangfeng now is completely different from the Gangfeng before. , with a little more ferocity, the attack power naturally becomes very powerful.