c7478 extreme

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who heard the siren all lined up consciously. Their situation this time was much better than last time. Although they still looked a little excited, they did not show it too much. Their faces looked very calm, but there was a hint of excitement in their eyes.

Those Kun also knew that they would not encounter the Blood Killing Sect's attack on the outside, so they quickly approached the Blood Killing Sect's army. Soon they arrived a hundred miles outside the Blood Killing Sect's army. This time Not only did they not slow down, on the contrary, their speed became faster and they rushed straight towards the Blood Killing Sect's formation.

"Kill!" Gu Yuanzheng shouted. He would not let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect wait there. That would be very passive, so he took the initiative to attack. With Gu Yuanzheng's command, The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all shouted and then rushed forward.

The two armies collided hard, and those Kuns opened their big mouths early. Golden whirlpools appeared in their mouths, and the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples also fell on them, and they heard There was a sound of defeat, and although there were cuts on the bodies of those Kuns, their skin seemed to have become much thicker all at once. , but not a bit of black smoke came out.

After fighting these Kuns several times, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also knew that those Kuns were injured. Only when black smoke came out did it mean that they had really injured those Kuns. If not, If there is black smoke, it means that they have not hurt those Kun at all. Even if there are wounds on their bodies now, it means that they are not injured at all.

As soon as they saw this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately knew that Kun's defense must have become stronger again. Those disciples also immediately changed their moves. When their formation changed, the entire formation instantly seemed like It turned into a meat grinder, spinning rapidly, and the rotating formation went straight towards those Kunshao.

When this meat grinder-like magic circle directly covered Kun's body, the reaction of those Kuns was immediately different. They seemed to become very painful all of a sudden. They roared and struggled desperately, but their bodies The upper skin was still peeled off layer by layer, just like peeling an apple.

Such a magic circle almost killed a Kun in the blink of an eye. Then they attacked another Kun, but if they want to deal with such a Kun, they must be dealt with by a member of the Rubik's Cube team, that is A team of a thousand people would take a certain amount of time, so in this way, it would be even slower to deal with those Kuns.

But then the Blood Killing Sect’s army arrived. After all, what they commanded during the Ancient Expedition was just the Blood Killing Sect’s front army, and the Blood Killing Sect’s middle and rear armies had always acted together. Now they were directly They came over and the two sides collided directly.

Gu Yuanzheng had been watching the battlefield. When he saw this situation, he couldn't help but let out a sigh, and then said: "It seems that what they have strengthened this time is only their defense, and their attack power has not been strengthened too much." , the suction of the golden vortex does not seem to have become much stronger."

Sheng Si nodded and said: "Yes, it just strengthens the defense, but this defense alone is enough. Faced with such defense, we want to get rid of them all, but it is not the same." It’s an easy thing, I’m afraid I don’t have twenty hours to get rid of all those Kuns.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, then he laughed suddenly, and then said in a deep voice: "Actually, our external incarnations still have a lot of potential that can be tapped, but they don't need to be fused with the Dharma, and their combat effectiveness is also very powerful, but before All the disciples have not thought about this. Now is an opportunity to go through a lot of battles, so that they have to explore the various potentials of the incarnations outside themselves. Only by doing this can they truly grow up. This may be the reason why the young master must let them fight against those Kuns."

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "You are right, this is exactly the purpose of the adoptive father. For monks, everything is fake, only our own strength is real. As long as our strength is enough, no matter what we face, We have hope of survival in any environment. If we can only rely on external forces, then it will be really dangerous if we are really restricted."

Gu Yuanzheng turned his head and glanced at Sheng Si and said: "Isn't this the reason why you practice so hard? Moreover, you don't practice anything else. You only practice a kind of void condensation technique. Until now, you finally mastered it." With the formation intention, it can be said that there are not many people in the sect who can be your opponent now, right?"

Sheng Si looked at Gu Yuanzheng, smiled slightly and said: "Our monks' training is actually very simple to put it bluntly. We should magnify our strengths as much as possible and make up for our shortcomings as much as possible, so that we can achieve something." Achievement, a person's energy is limited. We can't compare with our adoptive father. We can't learn everything. Then we only need to work hard on one thing. My mental power is naturally very strong. , this is my talent, and my adoptive father also taught me the most suitable skill in the world, which is the Void Condensation Technique. Although the Void Condensation Technique seems to be very simple, its development potential is almost endless. Endless, so I simply need to learn something else. As long as I master the Void Condensation Formation Technique, I can go anywhere in the world. My adoptive father said that if you are not afraid of thousands of moves, just master one move. , this is actually a very simple truth. Instead of learning countless exercises and accomplishing nothing in the end, it would be better for us to just concentrate on learning one exercise and practice this exercise to the extreme. That way, the achievement will be even greater.”

Having said this, Sheng Si paused for a moment and then said: "Take Uncle Ding as an example. His talent is strength, so he has not learned anything else in these years. He has been exercising his body and developing it. His own strength, the armor others wear is for defense, and the armor he wears is to increase his own gravity. He is exercising his body all the time. How strong is his body now? I really don’t know, I just know that he is very strong, very strong, and so far, he has not used his full strength.”

Sheng Si took a long breath and then said: "Many people in the sect now feel that they are not particularly talented in that area. They just practice according to the methods of the cultivation world and have learned a certain skill. When this kind of skill reaches the highest level, they will look for more advanced skills, but they have never thought about who originally created the skill they are learning now. Can this set of exercises be more complete? If this set of exercises is really suitable for him, then why not practice this exercise with all his strength and push the power of this exercise to the extreme? Obviously, No one has thought of this. Although many people have realized it now, there are three levels of intention. The sword intention that ordinary people understand is just the simplest sword intention. It is really not very useful. As long as it is Once they fully understand the power of a set of exercises and make some changes according to their own situation, then the meaning they have comprehended will be the real meaning, not what it is like now. meaning."

After saying that, Sheng Si pointed at the two warring parties on the screen. Sheng Si then said: "My foster father has given us the best things to us disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, including incarnations, life seeds, and energy arrays." Clone, Yin-Yang Thunder Pool, Light Brain, Buddha Power Metal, any of these things will make the entire cultivation world go crazy if they are taken out. Now the foster father has given them all these things, but look at how they are using them now. , To be honest, I'm really a little sad. The way they use these things now is no different from before. Except in some special circumstances, they use external incarnations, which is different from when they used other magic weapons before. , is there any difference? If they really think that external incarnation is such a simple way of practice, then they underestimate the adoptive father. It's a pity that they still haven't figured it out yet."

At this point, Sheng Si stopped talking, but Gu Yuanzheng looked at the screen and fell into deep thought. After a while, he finally said: "You are right, these people really don't want to incarnate outside their bodies." If they could really bring out the power of their external incarnations, they would never be like this now. Hey, it's such a pity. However, if they participated in a few more battles like this, maybe The situation is completely different.”

Sheng Si said in a deep voice: "This not only requires a big battle, but also requires them to fully realize the power of their external incarnations. If they don't discover the true power of their external incarnations, they will not be able to fully exert the power of their external incarnations." Come out, judging from the current situation, I’m afraid we’ll have to wait.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, then he looked at the screen and laughed suddenly, and then he said: "But I have to thank the Buddhist master who created the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon. This place seems to be specially designed for The Kun we have prepared now is the best training target for our Blood Killing Sect disciples. If they fight more opponents like this, they will slowly discover the power of the incarnation outside of themselves. I believe this day will not be too far away. ”

Sheng Si nodded and said in a deep voice: "That's true. I hope they can understand it earlier and don't let down the adoptive father's hard work. Otherwise, it will be too disappointing." Sheng Si was obviously He is not very optimistic about the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because the disciples who have killed the Blood Killing Sect have not yet discovered the biggest role of the external incarnation, which really makes him a little disappointed.

In Sheng Si's view, the biggest use of the external avatar is for training. Of course, it is also very beneficial in combat, but in Sheng Si's opinion, using the external avatar for training is the best. Choose, because what you get after training with him is your own, which is more important than the help you get from an external incarnation. Unfortunately, no one has discovered this yet.