c7471 get angry

He looked at the screen with his eyes rolled and said in a deep voice: "At this attack speed, it will probably take us a few days to kill all these big fish. And if it really takes a few days, our losses will be too much." It must not be too small, it seems like we have to think of some other way."

The old man Jiu Suan said in a deep voice: "General methods are really useless for these big fish. The defense of these big fish is really too strong, and their speed is not as fast as those big rocs." , but their defense and strength are much stronger than those of the big rocs, so it’s hard to deal with them.”

Gu Yuanzheng said: "Command disciples, stop using magic weapons to attack. Those magic weapons don't do much damage to big fish. On the contrary, they will be absorbed by him a lot. Although we have Buddha Power Metal, how much do we need?" There are as many magic weapons as there are, but we can’t do this, it’s too wasteful.”

Immediately, a staff officer responded and went to pass the order. Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "These guys are thick-skinned and strong. It is really not easy to deal with them. Just like among the monks, Their physical training is the same, and each of them looks inconspicuous, but if you really want to deal with them, it is not that easy."

The old man Jiu Suan nodded. At this moment, he saw a figure suddenly appear on the screen. When he saw this person, the old man Jiu Suan couldn't help but was stunned, and then he immediately said: "Sheng Si is here. "What he said was not wrong at all. The person who came was none other than Sheng Si.

Sheng Si was still wearing a fiery red robe, looking very chic. Then Sheng Si waved his hand, and countless starlight appeared above their heads, and then countless long arrows flew out from the starlight. These long arrows are very long, and each long arrow looks like a spear.

I saw these long arrows shooting straight at the big fish. Although the big fish opened their mouths and sucked hard, the long arrows seemed not to be affected by him at all and penetrated directly into their bodies. , as the long arrow entered their bodies, the big fish immediately roared in pain.

And the rain of arrows was still continuous. Those big fish soon turned into hedgehogs, and then turned into black smoke one by one and disappeared. With the attack of the rain of arrows, the sword energy of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was added. With the attack of sword energy, the number of big fish finally began to decrease slowly. When the last big fish turned into black smoke and disappeared, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

Seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but let out a sigh, and then said in a deep voice: "Give me the order to let all the disciples go back and rest. This battle is really not easy. We must go to see Lao Wen." Come up with a way to deal with these big fish, let's go." After that, he led the two of them back to the command hall.

When they arrived at the command hall, they saw that everyone else had already arrived. Gu Yuanzheng and the others nodded to the others and sat down directly. After waiting for a while, Old Man Gangfeng came to the command hall, and he also came to the command hall. The others nodded, and then sat next to Gu Yuanzheng and the others.

After Old Man Gangfeng arrived, Wen Wenhai said: "We have all seen today's enemies. These Kuns are really terrifying. Their defense is too strong. If Sheng Si hadn't taken action in the end, then It is not an easy task for us to eliminate these Kuns, but I believe that it should not be difficult for us to eliminate these Kuns. It is just because we have not found the right method. Everyone is talking about how we can eliminate these Kuns. Kun’s?”

Everyone was silent for a while. The defense of those Kuns was really amazing, and their power was also very powerful. Coupled with their big mouths that could suck in anything, these Kuns were indeed very difficult to deal with. , it is not easy to deal with that Kun.

Seeing that everyone seemed to have no good solution, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frown. To be honest, he didn't want to encounter such an enemy, but now that such an enemy has appeared, they have to face it this time. Only 100 million of them have appeared. In the future, there will be one billion or tens of billions of them. In that case, even if Sheng Si and the others take action, it will not be easy to deal with those Kuns.

After a while, Zhu Yong suddenly stood up, turned to the old man Gangfeng and said: "Elder Gangfeng, I found that when Na Kun attacked you at the beginning, you still had some damage, but later, no one was there. Lost, I wonder what method you used? And Elder Sheng Si, why can’t those Kun be sucked into the stomach of the arrows you released? What’s different about your arrows?”

"There is no other special method. The main thing is to have enough power. We, the Gangfeng Tree clan, were sucked in by him with a few disciples at first. But after those few disciples were sucked in, we directly killed all the trees. The roots are all entangled together, and as long as they are strong enough, they will not be able to suck us in." Elder Gangfeng said.

"Yes, when I was releasing the arrow, my long arrow actually contained several spells and was very powerful, so it was not sucked in. So as long as the power is enough, those big fish will not be able to kill those The long arrow was sucked into the stomach." Sheng Si also said.

"As long as you have enough strength, you don't have to worry about being sucked into the stomach by those big fish. You can take advantage of this. We can also put magic circles, gravity magic circles or other magic on our magic weapons. Array, as long as we bring such a magic weapon, those big fish will have no way to suck our magic weapon into their stomachs, but this alone is not enough, we must think of other ways. Don't forget, the number of enemies we face will increase and their strength will become stronger, which is very scary." Wen Wenhai said.

Everyone was silent for a while again, and everyone didn't know what to say, because they really couldn't think of any good ideas for a while now, so everyone stopped talking. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone's expressions. Looking like this, he couldn't help but frown, but he didn't have any good ideas for a while.

At this time, a voice suddenly came: "What? There is no way?" The voice was very calm, but everyone who heard the voice was stunned, and then they turned to look at the main hall. In front of the door, I saw a man standing there. As soon as they saw this man, everyone in the hall stood up, saluted him and said, "Greetings to the sect master."

The person who came was none other than Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, nodded, and then said: "Let me ask you, do you really have nothing to do?" His tone was very calm, but this calmness There was a trace of anger in it, which made everyone in the hall feel cold. You must know that Zhao Hai rarely spoke to them in such a tone, which made them not know what to say for a moment. Okay, so everyone feels a huge pressure. This pressure makes them almost forget to speak.

Zhao Hai walked slowly to the main seat and sat down. Everyone in the hall stood there with their bodies bowed, not even daring to take a breath. Everyone knew that Zhao Hai was really angry this time. So no one dared to speak, and some people even started to sweat on their backs unconsciously.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "To be honest, I am a little disappointed with you. I know that you are all following my orders now. I said that the life of every disciple of our Blood Killing Sect is They are very precious, so you don’t want them to have any accidents or sacrifices. Moreover, the situation this time is different from before. Even if those disciples died in the past, it didn’t matter. They can still be resurrected, but this time But no, if they die this time, they are really dead, so you don’t want them to have problems even more. I can understand this, but if you want to defeat the enemy without any sacrifice, that is impossible. of."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then glanced at everyone, and then said: "Our Blood Killing Sect has gone through hundreds of battles to reach the situation we are in today. We have countless disciples and countless elders. With your own sacrifice, our Blood Killing Sect has come to this day, but now, you dare not go to war just to sacrifice your appearance. So what will we do in the future? Are we not going to go to war just because we are afraid that some of our disciples will die? Are we going to defend our territory and wait for death?"

Everyone in the hall stooped lower, and sweat appeared on their foreheads. They finally discovered where they were wrong. They actually thought that they could capture the entire Garuda without losing a single disciple. In the Garuda Realm, this is almost impossible. You must know that the Dapeng and Kun here in the Garuda Realm are already very powerful in combat. Under such circumstances, they actually want to win without even sacrificing a single person. In the Garuda Realm, this is a bit whimsical.

Zhao Hai then said: "We really have no way to deal with those Kun? Not necessarily, right? Before, our Blood Killing Sect had a small team of one thousand people, using the fusion of magic, murderous aura and energy beast magic circle to form a giant. Could it be that Can't you deal with those Kuns? There's no problem at all, right? The combat effectiveness of those Kuns can only be considered average. They are nothing more than powerful and defensive. Can't a thousand-man team of our disciples still be able to deal with them? Even if they use their own skills By blessing the Dharma, adding the murderous aura, and adding the energy beast array, you can fight against those Kuns, but you didn't think of such a simple method? What? Could it be that our Blood Killing Sect has lost its blood nature?"

At the end, Zhao Hai's voice became louder, and everyone's waists bent even more. Zhao Hai suddenly shouted: "Stand up straight and raise your head." Everyone's body was shocked, and then they stood up straight. He stood up and slowly raised his head. Everyone looked at Zhao Hai with a look of shame.

Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "You guys must remember that you are members of my Blood Killing Sect. No matter when the time comes, you must straighten your back and raise your head. Before I see what you are like today, you will all be punished. Also, from today on, there will be no magic killing formations, no fighting fortresses, and all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will fight alone for me. , just use the skills to bless the Dharma, the killing formation and the energy beast. If you are someone who knows how to use it, give me your mind to use. What is the purpose of our fight here? Don’t forget it!"