c7476 Q&A

Now these core elders of the Blood Killing Sect can be said to be in high positions. Although they also have their own division of power, they control all aspects of the entire Blood Killing Sect, and their identities are equivalent to being obtained by Zhao. Hai personally admitted that he can be said to be Zhao Hai's confidant.

The treatment of these core elders can also be said to be the best. The sect can provide them with whatever materials they want. Their cultivation has also reached a very high level. The most important thing is that Zhao Hai has arranged for them how they will practice in the future, and even if their strength no longer improves, there is nothing to worry about. They can follow Zhao Hai to live forever.

It can be said that these days without any sense of crisis have made these core elders of the Blood Killing Sect become more and more stable, but this can also be said in another way, that is, they have become more and more conservative. , they wanted to save the lives of all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They didn't want to take any risks. It was precisely because of this that the battle plan they formulated was so smooth and without any risks. They don't want to take risks. They don't even want to fight the enemy head-on. They think that the safest way to destroy the enemy is the best.

But little do they know that this can slowly wear away the energy in their hearts, and their emotions will also affect the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. And it was precisely because Zhao Hai saw this that he was so angry, so he suddenly appeared, scolded them all, and reminded them.

Wen Wenhai thought of this, Zhu Yong and others also thought of this, and the other core elders almost all thought of this. None of them were fools, and none of them were fools. If they were fools, they would not be in the position they are today. , so all of them know what kind of mistakes they have made, and at the same time, they are reminding themselves that if they really lose their spirit, then their path of cultivation will come to an end.

What is most important to a monk? Some say it is talent, some say it is opportunity, and some say it is life. Of course, these are all very important. Without talent, your achievements will be very limited. Without opportunity, if you want to go further, then It is also very difficult. Without life, there is nothing. Naturally, it goes without saying, so these three answers are all correct, but they are not comprehensive. At least in the hearts of many monks, vigor is also very important. condition.

If a monk loses his spirit, it means he has lost the motivation to move forward. If he loses his motivation to move forward, then they are doomed. A monk who has lost his spirit is just an ordinary person, no matter how good his talent or opportunity is. Practitioners, even he, are unlikely to encounter any opportunities, because what is an opportunity? Opportunities need to be found by yourself, and you need to take risks to find them. If you sit at home and practice every day, how can you encounter any opportunities? Even if you are God's biological son, I'm afraid you won't be so lucky.

Therefore, vigor is very important to a monk. A monk who loses his vigor is equivalent to death, and their path of cultivation has come to an end. And now the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect, they have Their spirit is disappearing. If they are allowed to develop like this, then they will be finished. Even if their strength is getting stronger, their path of cultivation will be over.

And the sect ruled by a group of such people will only slowly decline. Even with Zhao Hai's support, the Blood Killing Sect will only slowly become a drag on him, until one day, Zhao Hai If Hai doesn't want to hold them back anymore, they will be abandoned, and no one in the Blood Killing Sect wants to be abandoned.

When he thought of this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a long breath, and then his eyes flashed, and then he murmured: "Yes, we have nothing to be afraid of, we are monks, although we are pursuing the elder, but if Without these battles again and again, we would not be able to get where we are today. If there is battle, there will be death. Death, we can only blame them for their bad luck. Who can blame us? Do we really want to be like other people? In that way, will you slowly be marginalized by the sect?"

Wen Wenhai was asking himself this, but at the same time he was also talking about the fact that many people who used to explore the sea sect have now been marginalized because their strength has not improved quickly and they are too content with the status quo. Yes, it seems that they are very satisfied with their current living conditions, and they have begun to become less enterprising. It can be said that those people have now become the worms of the Blood Killing Sect, and he does not want to become like that.

The Blood Killing Sect doesn't care about raising some people, because although those elders are not enterprising, they can still carry out the most basic training. If one day, if the sect needs them, they will go to the battlefield, and they will go, but they But they have lost their spirit. In Wen Wenhai's view, they are no longer worthy of being members of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, these people have really made contributions to the Blood Killing Sect in the past. There is really no need to give up on them now, so I have been raising them and letting them go. It is just to give them some supplies and let them go. They just live in the Blood Killing Sect, but Wen Wenhai doesn't want to be that kind of person.

Thinking of this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a long breath, and then murmured: "I won't become like that. I want to be the boss's best assistant. I want to follow the boss and go see it together." , What kind of person is Changsheng? How could I become like that? Come on, starting from today, you must cheer up." After saying that, he walked to his room, where there were still many things to do. deal with.

The Blood Killing Sect is also busy now. All the disciples who are not participating in the war are training. Even those who are participating in the war are also training, but they usually spend a few hours a day in the real illusion. During training, the rest of the time is spent practicing outside.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye, and it was time to attack again. Gu Yuanzheng stood in the radar ship and gave an order. The Blood Killing Sect's army began to rush forward, and now the Blood Killing Sect's army began to rush forward. Moving forward, they are all magical weapons. These magical weapons are usually in the shape of a boat, so it looks like thousands of ships launching together, which is very spectacular.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the radar, and now only the Blood Killing Sect's army was displayed on the radar. Sheng Si stood beside Gu Yuanzheng, and Gu Yuanzheng suddenly said: "Xiao Si, have you ever thought about what it will be like after immortality? We monks have always been pursuing immortality. If we can really live forever, have you ever thought about what it will be like after immortality?"

Gu Yuanzheng is Zhao Hai's servant, and Sheng Si is Zhao Hai's adopted son, so Gu Yuanzheng has a better relationship with Sheng Si. Sheng Si will not look down on Gu Yuanzheng just because he is Zhao Hai's servant, because Sheng Si It is very clear that these servants of Zhao Hai are Zhao Hai's true confidants, and their status in Zhao Hai's heart is almost the same, so he also respects Gu Yuanzheng.

Sheng Si was slightly stunned when he heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, and then he immediately said: "After immortality? I haven't thought about it. I only think about following my adoptive father. What will my adoptive father ask me to do?" Just do whatever my adoptive father asks me to do. If I follow my adoptive father, it is possible to live forever. Otherwise, it is impossible for us to live forever."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Sheng Si said, he was stunned at first, then he smiled and said: "Of course, we will follow the young master, always follow the young master, but if one day, we really live forever, our strength is really not People can threaten us. At that time, what will we do? Have you ever thought about it? "

Sheng Si was stunned for a moment, then he shook his head and said: "I have never thought about it. Now we can't even live forever. It's useless to think about it. If we want to think about these things, then we have to stay first. It’s only if we can live forever. After we really become immortal, it won’t be too late to think about this issue slowly. Anyway, by then, we will have plenty of time, right?”

Gu Yuanzheng was stunned for a moment, then he couldn't help laughing and said: "Hahaha, yes, you are right. After we become immortal, it will not be too late for us to think about this issue. Anyway, by that time, we will have Time, you can think slowly, hahaha, you are still smart."

Sheng Si also laughed. Gu Yuanzheng felt that Sheng Si's answer was very interesting, but Sheng Si felt that Gu Yuanzheng's question was very interesting. To be honest, he had never thought about what would happen after immortality. In this way, now that he was asked about such a question as Gu Yuanzheng, he really didn't know how to answer.

The staff officers next to them also heard the two people's questions and answers, and they all had smiles on their faces. They were not laughing at the two people, but they just found their questions and answers very interesting. What will happen after immortality? I am afraid that all monks have never thought about this question, because all monks are pursuing immortality, and it seems that there is no monk who can truly live forever, so no one can answer this question.

After laughing for a while, the two of them stopped. Gu Yuanzheng looked at Sheng Si and said: "Xiao Si, why have you been practicing so hard? Is it just for immortality? You have now understood the meaning, and you are killing with blood. Zongli, you are the first person to understand the meaning of the formation so far, why are you working so hard?"

"Because I want to help my adoptive father. What I am today is all given by my adoptive father. In our entire Blood Killing Sect, only my adoptive father is the most likely person to achieve immortality. So I want to help my adoptive father. I I want my foster father to live forever, because if my foster father lives forever, all of us can live forever. If my foster father cannot live forever, then none of us can live forever. So I want to help my foster father. I want to help My foster father, I must become stronger, become extremely powerful. Only in this way can I keep up with my foster father's footsteps and help my foster father. So I practice hard. The most important thing for us monks is What? It's actually very simple. It's nothing more than strength. As long as we have strength, we can live longer and help our adoptive father more. It's that simple." Sheng Si said calmly.