c7475 Vigor

"This battle lasted about eleven and three quarters of an hour. During the entire battle, we killed one billion Kun, but we also lost more than one hundred and two thousand disciples. All of these disciples were killed by those Kun was sucked into his stomach and disappeared forever. In addition, more than 13 million disciples were injured, but they are recovering now and there will be no danger. But if we take action in three days, these disciples They can't participate in the battle, but the better thing is that none of the disciples are afraid of fighting, everyone moves forward, and they all fight bloody battles. The most important thing is that after this battle, the murderous aura in their bodies has become more solid. , The strength has also been improved to a certain extent." Zhu Yong said the above words to everyone in the hall, and these people also included Zhao Hai, who came to participate in the war meeting.

After Zhu Yong finished speaking, he saluted Zhao Hai, then turned around and returned to his seat and sat down. Everyone's eyes were focused on Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice. : "More than 100,000 disciples died at one time. Although this number seems to be very large, on a battlefield with tens of billions of people, this number of casualties is not very high. We want to kill the sect with blood." Disciples know that as long as there is a battle, there will be casualties, and in this battle, we also discovered a shortcoming. First, the injured disciples could not receive treatment at the first time. Second, there are still problems with the cooperation between the teams. , and it is precisely these two points that have increased the number of casualties among our disciples."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then said: "I have no doubt about the combat effectiveness of our disciples, but on the battlefield, the injured disciples cannot withdraw from the battlefield in the shortest time and obtain Treatment, this is a big problem. Injured disciples will be at a disadvantage when facing those Kuns. This is the situation in this battle. There are many disciples who have no way to do it just because they are injured. He resisted Kun's suction and was sucked directly into Kun's stomach, and that's when he died. You must pay special attention to this in the future."

"Now it's a matter of cooperation between the teams. Now we have one squad for every thousand people, one squadron for every ten thousand people, and one brigade for every one hundred thousand people. A brigade of one hundred thousand people can actually form a large magic method. formation, but each thousand-man team is a small independent Rubik's Cube battle formation, and there are many problems in the cooperation between the two small Rubik's cube battle formations. Some disciples could have been saved because of each other. The cooperation between them was not tacit enough, so they were killed by Kun. In the future, we need to strengthen training in this area. Mr. Zhen, you need to remove some people from the staff and go to the real illusion to train the disciples. At the same time, It will also allow your staff to better understand everyone’s strength, which will be more beneficial to you in formulating battle plans in the future.”

"The training in the real illusion requires a long period of time. Don't think that because we can make better and more powerful weapons, we will not pay attention to such battles. Will there always be problems when we fight with the enemy in the future? Is there such an opportunity? It is impossible to have such an opportunity all the time. We may encounter various environments, so we must never give up on melee combat and we must keep training."

"There is also the training of intention, which all disciples must carry out. The training of intention is truly the disciple's own ability. Just like before in the Asura world, our magic circle cannot be used. In this case, we You can only rely on your own abilities, so you must focus on this aspect as well.”

Having said this, Zhao Hai stopped, glanced at everyone, and then said: "Shenji Hall, Lingzhi Hall, Spirit Beast Hall, and Logistics Department must also have their own unique training. You don't have to train. How to kill people, but you must train how to complete your work in the shortest time. At Lingzhi Hall, you must learn how to deploy large-scale war plant fortresses in the shortest time. , remember, to have a perfect layout, there must be various combat plants, and there must also be a Skytree Fortress, which can help the disciples fight, and also give them a place to rest. The current research direction in the Spirit Beast Hall I think it is actually correct. You have determined the research direction focusing on aliens. This is very correct. So don’t be anxious and don’t think that you can participate in the battle now. I will give you time and just study hard. Shenjitang , your task is the most important, remember, you must study various environments, various laws, and various magic formations, and you must also form a team so that they can arrange them in the shortest possible time. The magic circle is out. It is a complete, large magic circle. Laura and the others are in charge of the logistics department. I don’t have to worry about anything. In the future, our Blood Killing Sect will slowly transform into a professional one, but at the same time, we must also cultivate one specialty and multiple abilities. Talents, as for the specific training plan, we will discuss it slowly in the future."

Everyone responded with a roar. Zhao Hai had already determined the future development direction of the Blood Killing Sect, so they had nothing to say. As long as they knew the direction and kept going, Zhao Hai only needed to point out the direction. What they have to do is specific work, so they should be very busy in the future.

In the next two days, the Blood Killing Sect conducted a disciple rotation. Although the Blood Killing Sect had to do a lot of things, the attack could not stop. They had to destroy the Garuda Realm as soon as possible, and then in Attack the next interface. As for the things Zhao Hai said, they are actually things that require persistence for a long time and will not delay their attack time.

Three days later, the Blood Killing Sect's attack started again. This time it was just like before. Ten billion Kuns appeared at once. Thirty billion disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fought a big battle with these Kuns. Even Ding Chunming and the others took action, and it took more than thirty hours to destroy all these Kuns. From this point, we can see how difficult these Kuns are to deal with.

After destroying these Kun, Zhao Hai met Wen Wenhai and the others again in the command hall. Wen Wenhai and the others were all sitting there honestly. The last time Zhao Hai got angry did scare them a little. So they are very honest now.

However, the result of this battle was good. Although there were still many disciples who died in the battle, proportionally speaking, the casualties were much smaller than in the first battle. The Blood Killing Sect disciples had lost their lives before. They have received various trainings, and now as long as they are reminded a little bit, they will make corrections immediately.

The most important thing is that the external incarnations they use now are completely different from before. In the past, their external incarnations did not help them much in battle. At most, they provided some magic weapons or armor. Things, but now their external incarnations are different, which can help them make the most correct choice, so as long as they know the sect's arrangements, they can make some adjustments to their external incarnations, so that , the casualties of the disciples were much smaller.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone in the hall and said in a deep voice: "Yes, the effect this time is much better than the last time. It seems that our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have not completely forgotten how to fight. Okay. , then the next submission here will be left to you, I won’t care about it, remember, don’t just rely on external forces.” After saying this, Zhao Hai disappeared from his seat.

After Zhao Hai left, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. Wen Wenhai stood up, glanced at everyone, and then smiled bitterly and said: "Everyone, we all have to remember what happened this time. Don't forget it. , the boss is like that, then let’s do this. We will always attack like this in the future, at least it is like this here in the Garuda Realm. After every battle, the disciple position will be rotated, so as to ensure that, Everyone can participate in the battle, is there no problem?”

Everyone shook their heads in unison. Wen Wenhai looked at everyone and sighed: "No wonder the leader is angry. We were too pursuing perfection before. During the battle, we just thought about how not to show up. Casualties, this is really not a good thing for us. Lao Gu has told me before that some of our disciples are now on the battlefield, and they are still like some young brothers. This is absolutely not allowed. As the leader said, we can't be here every time we face the enemy and be fully prepared. What will happen if we face the enemy without any preparation? So we must Just be prepared.”

Everyone agreed. They also knew that what they had done before was indeed a bit excessive. They had been thinking about how to eliminate the enemies outside their base. Even if they let those enemies enter the base, they thought He was also using the phantom killing formation to eliminate the enemy without them knowing it. He had never thought that it was wrong to defeat the enemy by relying on his own strength without relying on anything.

As for the use of external incarnations and magic formations when fighting the enemy, Zhao Hai will not care about it, because this is part of the strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, and every Blood Killing Sect disciple has it A war beast, and this war beast is also their external incarnation. This external incarnation is one with them. It is equivalent to a part of their body and is indivisible. It is precisely because of this that this kind of war beast, It can also be said that there is no problem in using the fighting power of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and Zhao Hai will naturally not object.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "The boss has already explained everything that needs to be explained, so I won't say anything more. Everyone, please go back and be prepared. We must do it in the shortest possible time." Within, take down everything in the Garuda Realm." Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted to Wen Wenhai, then turned around and left.

Looking at the backs of everyone, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. To be honest, Zhao Hai's criticism this time touched him the most. He found that it was not the disciples below who had really lost their spirit, but Cha Cha. It is these, the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect.