c7473 strangle

Gu Yuanzheng naturally saw Sheng Si's expression. He couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "We really didn't find this problem before, but now it seems that this is really a big problem. In the future, we will work with If other sects fight, it is impossible for a large army like this to fight every time. What if they act separately? What kind of performance will these disciples have? I really can't imagine it."

Sheng Si said in a deep voice: "I am a little confident. Don't worry, there will be no problem. Even if they are a little uncomfortable now, there will be no problem. They have experienced so many battles, and they will soon be able to Once they get used to it, there will be no problem."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly and said: "But in that case, there will be more casualties, so the choice like this is the best. Let them go to the battlefield directly and let them fight in close combat with the enemy. It just so happens that the enemy now is just They can just deal with enemies who have strong defense, sufficient strength, and not very fast speed. If they face other enemies, what will happen is really hard to say, but there will be opportunities in the future. They also have to expose them to enemies like that so they can adapt to all kinds of battles.”

Sheng Si smiled and said: "It doesn't matter, we still have time, we can take it step by step slowly. It is better to discover the problem here than to discover the problem before. Moreover, our Blood Killing Sect's rules before were indeed somewhat It's too loose. There is no pressure on the disciples. If the foster father had given such an order, do you think there would be so many Buddhist disciples? Where did those Buddhist disciples come from? I think you also know very well, right? "

Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly, and then he said in a deep voice: "Our Blood Killing Sect has always been like an academy, not like a sect. No other sect can train disciples like our Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that our Blood Killing Sect has been able to get to where it is today, all because of the young master. The Young Master has provided the Blood Killing Sect with almost endless supplies. Otherwise, how could the Blood Killing Sect be where it is today."

Sheng Si nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "My adoptive father did it all for us. If it weren't for us, with his strength, there would be no need for him to worry so much. If all those materials were used by the adoptive father, When it comes to myself, I think my adoptive father's strength will definitely become even stronger, and maybe he will ascend by now."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then a firm look flashed across his eyes, and he said: "We must let the young master grow up. If one day, we really become a burden to the young master, I will take the initiative to leave the young master, even if Even if it's death, I can't drag the young master down, absolutely not." Sheng Si glanced at him, nodded, and said nothing, but a trace of determination flashed in his eyes.

At this time, the piercing siren also sounded. Gu Yuanzheng turned his head and glanced at the radar screen. After seeing the situation on the radar screen, Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly and said: "Here it comes, one billion, the foundation here. The rules are really rigid enough.”

Sheng Si said: "Because his master is dead, he can only run in such a rigid way, just like the world of cultivation. The power of laws in the world of cultivation is very rigid. On the other hand, the power of laws of the Shadow Clan is very rigid. It seems very flexible, which is why the adoptive father said that the person behind the cultivation world is dead."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded. He did not order Mantianhuo to attack this time. They would not use Mantianhuo to attack, nor would they use energy beasts to attack, nor would they use sword energy to attack. They just wanted to fight with the enemy. Close combat, upright and defeat the enemy head-on, this is Zhao Hai's order.

Those Kuns were prepared to be attacked after entering ten thousand miles outside the Blood Killing Sect, but they never received the attack they wanted. This made them all feel very strange. They thought the Blood Killing Sect was attacked. There was some conspiracy to kill the clan, so their speed slowed down.

Soon those Dapeng entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killing Sect, but they still did not encounter any attacks. Then they entered within three hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect's base, but still did not encounter any attacks. , and at the same time, they can also see the Blood Killing Sect base here. The Blood Killing Sect's base has changed drastically. There is nothing in the base, only countless Blood Killing Sect disciples standing there, looking like a dark place. These people No one made a sound, just stood there quietly, but this behavior made those Kun even more confused, and their speed became even slower.

But when they reached the end of the road at a slow speed, the two sides were soon a hundred miles apart. Normally at this time, they would encounter countless attacks from spinning swords, but now they have not encountered any kind of attacks. Those Kun Instead, they stopped and looked at the Blood Killing Sect disciples with their huge eyes. With their eyesight, even though they were about a hundred miles away, they could still clearly see the expressions on the faces of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. That look of excitement and excitement.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the stopped Kun, with a smile on his face, and then he couldn't help laughing and said: "Ling Dian didn't expect that those guys stopped, hahahaha, this is a good opportunity, Otherwise, with their super defense and strength, if they really charge, the impact will be very powerful. Now, they have stopped, and then it is up to us to pass the order and attack. !”

Immediately, a staff officer directly passed on his order. As the order was passed on, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to move. The entire Rubik's Cube array began to press forward with all its strength, just like a big net. They immediately covered up those Kuns. When those Kuns saw this situation, they were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately understood the meaning of the Blood Killing Sect. It seemed that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect wanted to fight with them today. Well, although they don't know what these Blood Killing Sect disciples think, this method is exactly what they want most.

Those Kuns also waved their tails and rushed over. The distance between the two sides was getting closer and closer, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also began to slowly transform. Huge figures suddenly appeared outside their bodies. , these figures seemed to be virtual at first, but slowly turned into entities, and finally turned into metal giants.

This metal giant is very tall. Each metal giant is about thirty meters tall. They all have a huge animal head and are wearing armor. On the back of the armor, they all have a pair of wings. He also held a long sword in his hand, but the blade of the sword was blood red.

After the transformation, the speed of these giants suddenly increased. Their speed suddenly became much faster, and the distance between the two sides also quickly shortened. Finally, it was like two waves colliding together. A loud bang was heard, and the two sides finally collided with each other. Countless Blood Killing Sect disciples were directly hit and flew out, but more Blood Killing Sect disciples were on top of Kun. The two sides of the body were directly scratched. Of course, there were countless wounds on Kun's body, but those Kuns didn't seem to be very big. They opened their big mouths at the same time and sucked hard. They were knocked away before. Those Blood Killing Sect disciples flew straight towards the mouths of those Kuns.

But the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect reacted immediately, and they immediately used counterforce to resist the suction force. At this time, the Blood Killing Sect disciples and those Kun were completely strangled together, and they Still maintaining their formation, they kept attacking those Kuns, and a large number of their disciples all used their intentions, all kinds of intentions, to greet those Kuns.

Those Kuns don't just use their mouths to suck the energy from those people. Their tails are also very powerful weapons, and their power is really huge. They are running rampant in the blood-killing sect's formation. , all the countless disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were knocked away. Of course, there were also a large number of Blood Killing Sect disciples who were sucked into their stomachs and disappeared forever.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the battle situation on the radar. They were fighting five billion Kun against one billion Kun, but they were not losing at all. This time, the two sides were completely strangled in close combat. Every minute, disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were injured. They were forced to withdraw from the battle, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were sucked into Kun's mouth and disappeared from time to time.

Of course, many Kuns were killed at the same time and turned into black smoke. Generally speaking, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have always had the upper hand, but the impact of those Kuns is really very powerful, and those Kuns are still going on They rushed forward, and now they were almost entering the position of the Blood Killing Sect's central army.

Wen Wenhai also saw this battle. As soon as he saw those Kuns still charging forward, he immediately ordered: "Send the order, the central army and the rear army will also join the battle. Lao Gu and the others cannot do all the good things." If they kill all those Kuns, wouldn’t we become just spectators? Send an order to attack with all our strength, and kill the Kuns in the shortest possible time.”

The staff officer beside him immediately responded, and then went to pass the order. Following his order, the entire Blood Killing Sect army began to press forward. In the blink of an eye, the two sides were completely strangled together. At this time Because the number of Blood Killing Sect disciples increased greatly, those Kun were completely at a disadvantage. The casualties of the Blood Killing Sect disciples plummeted, but it was not nothing. This was definitely a very tragic event for the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Great war.

This battle lasted for a very long time. After all, there were one billion Kuns. It was not easy to wipe out all these Kuns. Their defense was indeed very strong. Even the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect Even if you attack them with all your strength, it will take a long time to eliminate them.

As for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, their fighting endurance is no worse than those of Kun. They are now using exercises to enhance their appearance, and they also have energy beasts. The most important thing that provides energy to this giant's body is It is the Yin Yang Thunder Pool, and the strongest point of this giant's attack power is its intention, so they can maintain such combat power for a long time.

Of course, those Kun's fighting endurance was also very long, but their number was still too small compared to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so they were eventually eliminated bit by bit.