c7487 idea

Three days passed in the blink of an eye, and it was time for the bloody attack. Gu Yuanzheng stood in the radar ship and glanced at the time, and then said to the staff officer beside him: "Give me the order, move forward at full speed, the speed we advanced last time It's still a bit slow. After we got there, we didn't have enough time to prepare. This time, we no longer moved forward in teams. All the disciples moved forward with their own giant swords. The speed was getting faster, and they kept moving forward regardless of time. Let’s see if we encounter enemies this time if we don’t stop at Shenshi. If we encounter enemies, just take action.”

The staff officer immediately responded, and then passed on the order directly. As soon as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect received the order, they immediately began to move forward. Then all the disciples' external incarnations turned into giant swords. They all gave blessings and then flew straight forward. Although this time they were advancing as an individual unit, they still maintained their formation as they advanced, and the formation was never chaotic.

Gu Yuanzheng was naturally happy to see the outcome of this situation. He originally wanted to remind these disciples that they must pay attention to the formation, but it seems that it is no longer necessary now. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have experienced hundreds of battles. Times, now his mentality has been adjusted very well. At any time, they are preparing in a fighting state, so he has nothing to worry about.

Everyone was moving forward, and unknowingly, they had already passed a hundred thousand miles, but they did not stop, but Gu Yuanzheng was always paying attention to the time. Soon, the time had arrived. Gu Yuanzheng’s His heart was also raised, and all his attention was focused on the radar screen.

One moment of application, two moments of application! A sudden piercing siren sounded, Gu Yuanzheng's body shook, and then he immediately shouted: "Attention everyone, the enemy is coming, don't stop, just rush over to me, destroy them, and give the Chinese army Elder Wen wrote a letter asking them to prepare for battle and follow us to advance with all our strength."

The staff officer responded immediately, and then passed on the order directly. At this time, Gu Yuanzheng enlarged the enemy on the screen. As expected, the enemy was still the kind of Kun with sharp horns. The number that appeared this time was 10 billion, but this was not beyond Gu Yuanzheng's expectations, and he was not surprised.

Sheng Si then said: "It seems that the enemy attacks us based on time, and this time may be based on the time when our last battle ended. After the last battle, three days later, Shen Shi, They will be ready to attack us."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, and then said: "If this is possible, I think we can try it out. After this battle, we can rest here for four days, so that we know what will happen in Shenshi three days later. , will the enemy attack us? If that is the case, it means that the enemy attacks us based on time."

Sheng Si nodded and said: "I think it's feasible. We will test it after this battle. If they don't attack us in Shenshi three days later, then we may have to add another reason, which is our attack." Time, we start to attack, and by the time of Shen, the enemy will appear to deal with us. If we do not attack, the enemy will not attack us. If this is really the case, then we will have to adjust our attack. ”

Gu Yuanzheng looked at him and asked: "How to adjust?" Gu Yuanzheng really wanted to hear what Sheng Si would say. You must know that Sheng Si is not very concerned about commanding battles. What opinions can he put forward now? It was because Gu Yuanzheng was a little curious, that's why he asked.

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "If the enemy really counts from the time when we start to attack, then we can start the attack as soon as Shen Shi passes. In this way, we have twelve hours to rush. It’s time, and by that time, we can go further.”

Gu Yuanzheng was stunned for a moment, but then he laughed and said: "Yes, you are right, but you have forgotten that we had to set off in the morning, mainly to avoid the Mao hour, and the enemy may also be here at this time. They are waiting to attack us, so even if we start attacking as soon as Shen Shi passes, it does not mean that we will have twelve hours to rush on our way."

Sheng Si smiled and said: "I know this, but we can give it a try. If the enemy does not attack us at Mao Shi, then don't we have a chance to directly attack the enemy? Isn't this a good thing? Even if the enemy attacks us at Mao Shi We won’t lose anything by attacking us, but it just advances the time of the battle, doesn’t it?”

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and nodded: "Yes, you are right, it is indeed the case. Okay, let's try it like this next time." While the two were talking, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were already fighting with those Kun. Together, the two sides collided directly. Those Kun's moves were still the same, without any changes. When he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng was not completely relieved.

When the two were talking, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already collided with the enemy. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were still using giant sword tactics, but this time the giant sword tactics had some changes, with various attributes. The giant swords are all properly matched. Whether it is offense or defense, there are dedicated people in charge. Although the cooperation was a bit unfamiliar at first, their offense has gradually become very smooth. , a small team is a combat unit, some people are dedicated to the front, blocking the attack of those Kuns, while others are coming directly from behind to deliver the final blow to those Kuns.

Their attack was almost unstoppable by those Kuns. Although those Kuns also released black lightning, all those black lightnings were blocked by the heavy swords responsible for defense. Then they attacked The sword struck several times and directly broke the lightning. Then the fast sword would directly step forward and kill those Kun with one strike.

There were still some mistakes in their cooperation at the beginning. After all, they were still not used to turning into giant swords and attacking enemies like this, but gradually they got used to it, and this kind of cooperation became smoother and smoother. Those Kuns in their hands could barely make a single move before being destroyed directly.

Of course, because they faced a larger number of Kuns this time, the cavalry also attacked, fighting in and out of the large formations formed by those Kuns. However, the battle situation fell into a stalemate for a while, because those Kuns There were too many of them, and they had to work together as a team to kill a bunch of Kuns in the shortest time. It was impossible to just kill all the Kuns on the spot like before.

Sheng Si took a look at the situation on the battlefield, turned to Gu Yuanzheng and said: "Uncle Gu, what do you think, do you want to go out and have some fun? There are too many enemies here this time. I think we should go out and help. Can't we?" It would be a bit excessive to let those disciples take action all the time while we just watch from the sidelines."

Gu Yuanzheng also looked at the screen. Although all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have joined the battle now, and their number is greater than those Kuns, it is really not easy to destroy those Kuns in a short time. Things, in addition to the fact that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are weak, they have flown such a long way after all, and their condition is not as good as when it was at its peak, so the speed of dealing with those Kun will slow down. If they really continue to fight like this, It has to take at least a few days. In that case, there will be too much delay.

It happened that Gu Yuanzheng had just realized the meaning of bones, and his hands were itching, so he said directly: "Okay, tell Lao Ding and the others, and by the way, tell Lao Wen and the others, we old guys should also take action. Move it, I haven’t moved it these days, and the bones are getting rusty.”

Sheng Si smiled slightly, then turned to the staff officers and said, "Go ahead and write a letter to Elder Ding and Elder Wen, telling them that we decided to go out for fun and ask them if they are interested." The staff officer had a look on his face. He responded excitedly and immediately went to deliver the order. You must know that in the Blood Killing Sect, it is not easy to see so many core elders take action, because if the Blood Killing Sect really encounters If there is any powerful enemy, Zhao Hai will usually take action, leaving the core elders like them out of their turn.

Now they actually want to take action against those Kun, which is really rare. Thinking of this, the staff officers were a little excited, and then they immediately spread the news. They were really looking forward to it and wanted to Look at what those elders do.

Just when he was passing the order, Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si had already flown out of the radar ship. After taking a look at the situation on the battlefield, Sheng Si couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Uncle Gu, I'll take action first." After saying that, he moved and flew forward. As he flew forward, dots of light began to appear on his body, as if he was covered with a dress made of starlight. Likewise, at the same time, a patch of starlight appeared above his head. Those stars kept twinkling, just like the stars that kept blinking in the night sky.

Just when the clothes in front of Xingguang Yi and the starlight above his head appeared, various spells suddenly flew out from Sheng Si's body. These spells were really all kinds of , there are all kinds of things. Some spells are emitted, and it seems to be a ray of light. But as soon as this light encounters those Kuns, those Kuns will immediately turn into black smoke and disappear. Some spells are emitted. At that time, it was like a breeze, but when the breeze blew on those Kuns, those Kuns turned into black smoke, as if the wind could blow away their bones.

When some spells are released, they are just like an array talisman. But after this array talisman flies out, it directly turns into a person in the air. This person looks like Sheng Si. They were exactly the same, but he was holding a weapon in his hand. Then this man rushed straight towards those Kuns, and the weapons in his hands were directed towards those Kuns. In just a few blows, the Kuns turned into black smoke, and Sheng Sheng Si let everyone in the Blood Killing Sect see the variability of the spells, and also let everyone see the terrifying aspects of the spells.