c7485 Sure

Countless huge flying swords flew straight towards those Kuns, and those Kuns obviously already knew about the existence of those flying swords, so they had already been prepared. As soon as they saw those flying swords flying over, those Kuns had their heads above their heads. The sharp corners on the sword, at the same time, lit up black lightnings one after another. These lightnings intertwined with each other and finally formed a huge black power grid. This black power grid went straight towards the giant swords.

boom! There was a loud noise, and the giant sword collided with the power grid. Countless giant swords were directly hit and flew away, but the giant swords behind still followed. The power grid finally disappeared after blocking three waves of giant sword attacks. disappeared, and then countless giant swords immediately attacked those Kun.

Countless Kuns were directly stabbed by the giant sword and turned into black smoke, but more Kuns' bodies suddenly stiffened, and then they kept swinging their heads, and as their heads moved, Swinging, the sharp horns on their heads also swung like spears, and a clanging sound was heard, and then the spears directly blocked the giant swords.

But because there were so many giant swords, Kuns kept dying, and this situation only lasted for about twenty breaths. After twenty breaths, the sharp corners on the heads of those Kuns were immediately dead. Black lightning was shot out, and the power grid was formed at once. This power grid rushed towards the flying swords, and countless flying swords were directly knocked away by the power grid.

Fortunately, the power grid knocked all the flying swords away, but it did not cause any harm to the Blood Killing Sect disciples inside the flying swords. Therefore, as soon as those flying swords stabilized, they would immediately launch an attack. , and after those Kuns were killed, they would no longer have a chance to survive, so the number of those Kuns was still decreasing rapidly.

In only about two hours, all those Kuns were killed. When Gu Yuanzheng saw this result, he couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief, and then he said: "It's really amazing. In only about two hours, those Kuns were already killed." Kill them all, this is much faster than what we used to do."

Sheng Si smiled and said: "Yes, this tactic is really strong. Let's go and make arrangements. Let's go have a meeting and express our thoughts by the way." Gu Yuanzheng nodded and explained a few words. , and then followed Sheng Si to the command hall to meet Wen Wenhai.

When the two of them arrived at the command hall, there were still many people who had not arrived. They didn't care and just found a place to sit down. At this time, Wen Wenhai also came to the two of them and smiled at everyone. He asked: "How was it? How did you feel about this battle?" Wen Wenhai has a very good relationship with Gu Yuanzheng, and it goes without saying that he has an even better relationship with Sheng Si. In his opinion, Sheng Si is his descendant, so Speak very casually.

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "I want to speed up the attack. We can't continue to waste time here in Garuda Realm. To be honest, I feel that with our current strength, we can attack even in Wanshan Realm. Now that we are tenable, it is no longer interesting to continue to waste our time here, so I think we should speed up our attack."

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought about it, nodded and said: "That's okay. The time we wasted here is indeed quite long, but if we speed up the attack, we will have to face more problems. There are so many enemies, I’m afraid we are not prepared for this, right?”

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "I don't think there is anything to worry about. Now there is nothing on our Blood Killing Sect's territory. Except for the Blood Killing Battle Fort and the radar ship, there is nothing. And the Blood Killing Sect has nothing to worry about." The battle fort and radar ship are not without combat effectiveness. In this way, we have no real base. As long as we keep moving forward and find the core of the Garuda Realm, we can destroy the Garuda Realm. Isn’t it settled here in the Nagaro Realm?”

Wen Wenhai thought for a while, nodded and said: "This is a good idea. I can mention it. Okay, we will discuss it after everyone is here." After saying that, Wen Wenhai stood up and said After taking a look, he saw that everyone was almost there, so he went to the front of the hall and waited for a while. After everyone had arrived, Wen Wenhai said, "Okay, everyone is here." , then let me talk about a suggestion that Elder Gu just put forward, let us discuss it."

As soon as they heard him speak, everyone fell silent. Everyone looked at Wen Wenhai, waiting for Wen Wenhai to continue. Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Elder Gu just told me that he thought we could speed up the attack. We are here in the Garuda Realm and have been delayed for a long time. We should Speed ​​up the progress."

When everyone heard what he said, they were all stunned, but then they all whispered. To be honest, the time they spent attacking the Garuda Realm from the very beginning to the present was not very long, and now the ancient Yuanzheng actually said that they had been delayed here for a long time, which surprised them all.

Wen Wenhai looked at the crowd and said, "Let's let Lao Gu explain his reasons. Let's all listen and see if what he said makes sense. Lao Gu, please tell me." After he finished speaking, He turned and nodded at Gu Yuanzheng, then found a place and sat down directly, ready to listen to what Gu Yuanzheng had to say.

Gu Yuanzheng was not polite and stood up directly, and then walked to the front of the hall. He glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I know that we have not been here in Garuda Realm for a long time, so I said We have been delayed here long enough. You may find it strange, but when I say we have been delayed here long enough, I do not mean how long we have been here in Garuda Realm, but It means that there is not much we can get here."

Having said this, Gu Yuanzheng paused for a moment, and then he said: "What is the most precious thing here in the Tianlong Babu Realm? What do we want to get here? This is what we should think about most. , what is the most precious thing? In fact, it is very simple. The most precious thing is the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms. We only have to capture the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms here, then we can merge the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms into our Xuanwu space. Here, then we might have a piece of Buddhist pure land, so the most precious thing here is the Eight Steps of Heaven and Dragon."

"And what we get here in the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons, apart from the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons, is an enemy, an enemy who can train our troops. This is what we get here, the Dapeng here in the Garuda Realm. He and Kun are not weak in combat power. It seems like a good place for training soldiers, but don't forget that whether it is Dapeng or Kun, they are actually very rigid here. They will appear at a fixed time. The number is also fixed. Although they will evolve every time, their combat effectiveness after evolution will be stronger than before. But to be honest, I think that although such enemies can be used to train troops, when our strength reaches a certain level, Chengdu, once we find a way to deal with them, it will actually become very simple for us to face them."

"And now, we have found a way to deal with them. To be honest, this giant sword's attack method, whether facing Dapeng or those Kuns, has huge destructive power, and we can also The giant sword is blessed with Buddhist power, murderous intent, and even intention. Such blessings are extremely lethal to those Dapeng and Kun. It can be said that this is the best tactic to restrain them. So here Under such circumstances, what's the point of delaying here? So I think we should speed up the attack."

Everyone listened quietly to Gu Yuanzheng's words and kept nodding while listening. They finally felt that what Gu Yuanzheng said made sense. In fact, the most important reason why they wanted to fight here in the Tianlong Babu Realm was In order to leave here, if they want to leave here, they must defeat the Eight Heavenly Dragons. By defeating the Eight Heavenly Dragons, they can integrate the Eight Heavenly Dragons into the Xuanwu space. Then they can naturally leave. At the same time, they can also use this opportunity to train troops. But if the Tianlong Babu Realm can no longer be used for military training, then do they still need to waste time here? There's absolutely no need for that.

Wen Wenhai was also nodding his head. To be honest, he had never thought of this, so now that he heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he also agreed very much. Gu Yuanzheng glanced at everyone, and then said: "After taking down the Garuda Realm, we only have two interfaces to take down. After taking those two interfaces, we can take down all the Tianlong Babu Realm. If we take it, we can leave here, so I think we can't waste too much time here. We can just push over and take the Garuda Realm, and then we can plan and attack. It’s about the next interface.”

After finishing speaking, Gu Yuanzheng bowed to everyone and returned to his seat. Wen Wenhai also stood up and walked to the front. Then he said to everyone: "Do you think what Lao Gu said makes sense? ? Does anyone else have any different opinions? If so, put them forward immediately."

No one spoke, everyone was silent. When he saw that no one spoke, Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "Okay, if everyone has no objections, then this matter will be settled. Next time we attack, Just push forward a hundred thousand miles. Anyway, when we move forward now, we are using magic weapons to lead the disciples forward at a very fast speed. Next time we attack, we can just speed up the advance a little faster."

Everyone nodded. They had no objections to this. Just like Wen Wenhai said, when they move forward now, they are all using magical weapons. Although those magical weapons are all captain-level figures, their It is transformed into an incarnation outside the body, but it is no different from a real large magic weapon, so they can indeed be regarded as using the magic weapon to move forward, so there will be no problem if they speed up the attack.