c7489 Don't worry

Sheng Si personally fought against the owner of the halberd once, and he already knew how powerful the opponent was. He couldn't help but worry about Zhao Hai, because he knew very well that in the entire Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai was probably the only one who could. He is the opponent of the other party, and no one else can be the opponent of the owner of the halberd.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It's okay, you don't have to worry. In fact, if you really talk about it, with your strength, you shouldn't have been defeated so quickly. It's just that he took action first and took advantage of you when you were not prepared. He used Qi Machine to suppress you. It was precisely because of this that you made some mistakes in your response. You should not have used the magic circle to block his attack just now. His halberd had a breaking method. If you just use the magic circle to block his halberd, the effect is the worst. In fact, he should use magic to attack his halberd continuously while retreating. This can not only block his halberd. , I can also buy myself more time. If I do that, it’s really hard to say who will win in the end.”

As soon as Zhao Hai finished speaking, he heard the voice from before appear again: "Okay, I finally led you out. It seems that you are the leader of them all. As long as I kill you, Then they are basically my opponents, and I will have no problem dealing with them no matter how I want to deal with them."

When Zhao Hai heard what the other party said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Okay, then come on, I really want to see how you kill me." Just as Zhao Hai spoke, the long The halberd appeared again, and another halberd stabbed straight at Zhao Hai. The speed of this stab was faster than the one against Sheng Si, and the energy was more powerful.

Zhao Hai looked at the halberd, smiled slightly, and pointed it out with his finger. Once his finger hit the tip of the halberd, he heard a bang, like an explosion. , came from the place where the fingertips and the tip of the halberd intersected, and then the halberd retracted directly and disappeared.

Zhao Hai looked at the retracted halberd, smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, we will meet sooner or later. You probably have no way to come here, right? In fact, you don't have to worry, I promise you, we will wait until we get to your place When the time comes, I will give you a fair chance to fight. As long as you can defeat me, then we will leave. If you lose, then you have only one way to go, so don't be anxious." After saying this, Zhao Hai laughed. , but the figure has disappeared.

I don’t know whether it was Zhao Hai’s words that had an effect, or the other party felt that when he couldn’t face Zhao Hai in person, only attacking with a long halberd had no effect on Zhao Hai, so the other party didn’t attack either. It has returned to its previous state. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are still attacking those Kuns non-stop. They have no way to stop, because even if they want to stop, those Kuns will not stop. If you don't attack them, They will attack you, so they can only respond passively.

This battle did not take very long. In less than ten hours, the Blood Killer Sect wiped out all ten billion Kuns. Then Wen Wenhai and the others returned directly to the command hall, and the Blood Killer Sect Zong's disciples also began to change defenses, and countless disciples showed excitement, because today they not only saw Wen Wenhai and Ding Chunming take action, but also saw Zhao Hai take action. How could they not excited.

After Wen Wenhai and the others arrived at the command hall and sat down, Wen Wenhai walked to the front of the hall, looked at everyone and said, "Everyone participated in today's battle, and they also know the strength of those Kuns. Of course, they also know, In the Garuda Realm, there is a strong man like the master of the halberd. Xiaosi almost fell into his trap, which shows how powerful the opponent is. It seems that we must do it in the future. Be more careful.”

Everyone nodded. All of them had participated in the battle just now. They knew very well that the strength of those Kuns was actually pretty good. Even if they could deal with those Kuns, it seemed to be very simple. , but in fact they also tried their best.

As for the owner of the halberd, he is even more powerful. Sheng Si is already one of the top masters among them. Just because he was not careful, he almost got into the opponent's way, which shows the opponent's strength. How powerful it was, and it finally led Zhao Hai to take action, which couldn't help but make them feel vigilant.

Wen Wenhai then said: "The enemy will continue to evolve, and it will definitely be stronger than now. From this point of view, we must speed up the attack. Lao Gu was right before, we must be faster. Find the owner of the halberd and eliminate him. Only in this way can we completely capture the entire Garuda Realm."

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "I told Xiaosi about this matter before. It seems that the other party will attack us at a stable time. We have two guesses. One is that the other party will attack us every time. On the third day after the war, Shenshi launched an attack on us. Even if we did not advance, they would attack us. This is possible. After all, when we wasted time before, the enemy accelerated their attack on us. "

Everyone nodded, no one spoke, and they were all waiting for Gu Yuanzheng to say the second guess. Gu Yuanzheng then said: "The third guess is that the enemy was at Shenshi when we started a new attack. Or attack us at Mao time. It is possible that they will not attack us at Mao time, but only attack us at Shen time. So I want to do an experiment. We will rest for four days. If on the third day, the enemy does not attack us. If they did not attack us at Shen Shi, it means that the enemy will attack us when we start to attack. Then we can conduct the second test. When Shen Shi passes, we will attack overnight. Let’s see if the enemy will attack us at Mao hour. If he does not attack us at Mao hour, then we have twelve hours to attack, and by that time, we can go further.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Okay, Lao Gu, you have already thought of so much. Okay, that's it. Let's rest for four days and see what the enemy will do." They will not attack us. If they come to attack us, we will destroy the enemies who attack us and then attack. If they do not come to attack us, then we will take the initiative to attack. Anyway, it will not take more than one day. "

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Okay, then we will go back and make preparations. Wait for the enemy for four days and see what they will do. As for the owner of the halberd, that is not something we can handle. It still depends on the young master. And don’t forget, the young master also said that we will give him a fair chance to fight, so we don’t need to worry about that guy.”

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and nodded: "Okay, let's do it. Hahaha, to be honest, I haven't had a good fight for a long time. Fighting like this time, it really feels like Very good." When the others heard what he said, they all laughed. They all felt that today's battle felt really good.

Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si returned to the frontline headquarters and found that the staff officers in the headquarters were all excited. They looked at the two people with admiration. Gu Yuanzheng looked at the staff officers. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said in a deep voice: "Okay, don't look at us like that, go ahead and make arrangements. This time we have to rest for four days, but remember to be alert and ready to fight at any time."

The staff officer responded and immediately went to make arrangements. The command system of the Blood Killing Sect is now very complete. Orders only need to be conveyed level by level. There is no need to do too many things, and Gu Yuanzheng He and Sheng Si had nothing to do, so they each found a place to meditate.

This battle had a great impact on Sheng Si. Sheng Si had always felt that his strength was very good. He did not expect that just because he was unprepared, he was almost killed by the opponent. Although Zhao Hai said that he made the wrong choice because he was caught off guard and suppressed by his qi machine. If he really took action, he would not necessarily lose.

But Sheng Si himself knew very well. He knew that Zhao Hai was trying to comfort him. Although the other party took advantage of him and used Qi to suppress him, there was still a gap in strength between him and the other party. Even if he really If you are ready for a fair fight with the opponent, you cannot be the opponent's opponent. The opponent's strength is there.

It is precisely because of this that Sheng Si feels his own shortcomings. He finds that although his current strength is not weak, there is still a gap between him and the top masters. He must work harder, otherwise, Situations like today may happen again in the future, and Zhao Hai doesn't always have time to save him. If Zhao Hai really doesn't have time to save him, what should he do? Waiting to die? That was obviously impossible, he had to work hard.

Gu Yuanzheng actually had the same idea. He knew Sheng Si's strength. Sheng Si was almost killed by the opponent today, which was enough to show the opponent's strength. He knew that if his strength was really calculated, it would be comparable to Sheng Si's. Si is almost the same. Sheng Si is not the opponent's opponent, and he is also not the opponent's opponent, so he must work hard. Otherwise, if he really confronts the opponent, he may really lose his life. Yes, even if they die once, they may be resurrected, but what if they cannot be resurrected? So many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were swallowed by those Kuns, and they were never resurrected. If they couldn't be resurrected, wouldn't they really be dead? He doesn't want to die, so he has to practice hard.

When the staff officers saw the two of them like this, they naturally stopped disturbing them. They arranged the army's affairs and all found a place to practice. Of course, there are still people here at any time in the command hall. Those on duty must make arrangements, because if something happens, they must ensure that someone can tell Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si about the matter as soon as possible.