c7486 Accident

Gu Yuanzheng stood in front of the radar screen with a calm face, looked at the screen, and said after a while: "We finally arrived, only two quarters of an hour left. We didn't have enough time to prepare, and we don't know how many people we will encounter this time. Enemy, the pressure is a bit too much, what do you think?"

Sheng Si shook his head and said in a deep voice: "You know, I'm not very interested in commanding battles. If more people come, I'll just take action too. It's no big deal, but I'm here I feel that the number of enemies coming out should not be too many, at most only about 10 billion, because the basic laws will not allow too many enemies to appear here at one time, so there is no need to worry too much."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then said: "That's right. If that's really the case, then our previous behavior was really a bit stupid. We could obviously advance quickly. But we have to fight the enemy here step by step, it’s so stupid.”

Sheng Si smiled and said: "Our Blood Killer Sect emphasizes stability in everything we do. We have always been very stable before, and we cannot say that we have made mistakes before. If we advance too fast from the beginning, we will It is also possible that we will not encounter these Dapeng and Kun, and our disciples will lose some opportunities to practice, which is not necessarily a good thing."

Gu Yuanzheng didn't say anything, he still stared at the screen, and after a while he said: "You are right, stability is very important for our Blood Killing Sect, but if it is too stable, it doesn't matter. It's a good thing. The reason why the young master scolded us before was because we were too stable, which was a bit lifeless. This was not good for the development of our Blood Killing Sect, so I felt that when the time was right, we would just go big. There are still benefits to making further progress.”

Sheng Si nodded. He was not saying anything. He also felt that, in fact, it would be good for the Blood Killing Sect as it is now. No matter how many enemies they faced this time, the number of enemies they faced was How much, they have speeded up the attack, this is enough.

Two quarters of an hour was indeed not enough time for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to prepare, but fortunately, the enemy did not appear on time at Shen Shi. They appeared at two o'clock Shen Shi. In other words, such a situation Come, give the Blood Killing Sect another two quarters of an hour. Half an hour is enough for the Blood Killing Sect disciples to prepare.

After the Blood Killing Sect was ready, enemies also appeared on Gu Yuanzheng's radar, and the alarm sounded at the same time. Gu Yuanzheng immediately enlarged the radar screen. He wanted to take a look. Seeing what kind of enemy appeared once, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, because the enemy that appeared this time was actually the kind of Kun with sharp horns. It was no different from the Kun they faced last time. What a difference.

Then Gu Yuanzheng began to plan the numbers of the Kuns who appeared. After a while, his expression turned strange. He turned to look at Sheng Si and said: "One billion, only one billion? In other words, we were indeed before. I'm being stupid. After the enemy reaches 100 million, distance is no longer their criterion for dealing with us. Their numbers will not be doubled as they were before. We can move forward at a faster speed. .”

Sheng Si smiled bitterly and said: "It's not too late to find out now. Don't forget, we have never figured out how to use giant sword tactics to deal with the enemy before. It's already very good like this, isn't it?" Sheng Si arrived and I don’t feel so sorry. If it weren’t for the giant sword tactic, it would definitely not be so easy for them to deal with those Kuns who can release black lightning. It is precisely because of the giant sword tactic that they have the best way to deal with those Kuns. method, so I thought of speeding up the attack. This is a cause and effect relationship. If there was no cause of the giant sword tactic, naturally there would be no such effect, so there is nothing to regret.

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Sheng Si said, he was stunned for a moment, but then nodded and said: "Yes, you are right. Without the giant sword tactics, it is indeed impossible for us to deal with the enemy like we are now. After all, Now, don’t think about it anymore, attack with all your strength.” His last sentence was an order given to a staff officer beside him.

The staff officer did not dare to neglect, and immediately responded, and then passed on the order directly. Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect disciples who had just prepared for the battle transformed into giant swords, and then attacked directly. Suddenly, the giant swords shot straight at the Kuns, and the Kuns were ready and immediately started to fight back. The black lightning net appeared once and rushed directly towards the giant swords.

Gu Yuanzheng carefully observed those Kuns, wanting to see if there was any difference between those Kuns and the Kuns he had encountered before. After watching for a long time, he took a long breath, and his heart was hanging. , and finally gave up. This time he proposed that the entire army speed up their march. He was actually taking a big risk, because he didn't know how the enemy would react if they suddenly speed up their march. If the enemy's number was It increased dozens of times at once, an unprecedented and terrifying number appeared, or the enemy evolved to a level of strength that they had not imagined. Then, even if they did not fail in their march this time, they would probably suffer losses. It was tragic. By that time, even if Zhao Hai didn't blame him, he would be embarrassed to be the former military commander.

But now it seems that his worries are indeed a bit unnecessary. The number of enemies is still one billion, and their strength has not increased. It is similar to the situation they encountered last time, so he can feel relieved. With such an enemy, they It's completely manageable and there's nothing to worry about.

The battle went very smoothly indeed. In less than five hours, they had wiped out all the Kuns. After wiping out those Kuns, Gu Yuanzheng was still a little uneasy. He kept looking at all the disciples. After changing the defense, he ordered all the disciples to be on guard, and then he and Sheng Si came to the hall.

When the two people arrived at the hall, the hall was already full of people. As soon as they saw the two people coming in, everyone stood up, and then burst into warm applause. This situation made Gu Yuanzheng stunned. There, he was a little embarrassed and kept cupping his hands in front of everyone.

It wasn't until the two sat down that everyone stopped applauding and everyone sat down. Wen Wenhai looked at Gu Yuanzheng, and then said: "Old Gu, thanks to your suggestion this time, the battle situation ahead I have seen it with my eyes. To be honest, it is beyond my expectation. I did not expect that we have advanced such a long distance at once, but the enemy's attack quantity and strength have not increased. This is a huge discovery. With this discovery, we can attack the enemy with confidence and boldness, which is a good thing."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled, and then said: "I didn't expect it to be like this. I thought there would be more enemies and stronger strength. I didn't expect this now, but no matter what, it's a good thing." Son, but I am still a little worried that the enemy may attack at once, so when I came to have a meeting, I had already made arrangements, and the disciples on the front line were already on full alert."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "That's right. There can't be any mistakes on the front line. Now it seems that distance is no longer the criterion for the enemy to increase their numbers. So is time no longer the criterion for the enemy to attack us? Are we? Can we try it?" Having said this, Wen Wenhai couldn't help but turn his head and look at Gu Yuanzheng.

Gu Yuanzheng thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "It's time to give it a try. Next time we attack, we can just keep advancing in the giant sword formation. When the time comes, we won't stop coming to see if we encounter Enemy, if the enemy does not appear at that time, it means that time may no longer be the standard for the enemy to attack us. Then our tactics can be more flexible, but I hope that the next time we attack, the rest Disciples can also be prepared for battle. If we really encounter a powerful enemy, they can provide support as soon as possible."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "There is no problem with this. Do you have any other ideas? If you don't have any other ideas, then I will make this decision." Naturally, no one had any opinions, and they all agreed to Gu Yuanzheng's proposal, and then Wen Wenhai immediately announced that the meeting was adjourned. Their meeting was actually just a short-term meeting and would end in a short time. This was very important.

Gu Yuanzheng returned to the frontline headquarters. He took a look at the disciples who were waiting for him. He also took a deep breath and said to Sheng Si: "The enemy didn't show up. It seems like they won't show up. What do you think?" Although they were in a meeting. The time is not long, but the time from the end of their battle to now is not short. In such a long time, the enemy still has not attacked, which is enough to show that the enemy may not attack.

Sheng Si said in a deep voice: "We can let some disciples be on guard while others rest. In addition, we have radar. As long as we find the enemy and we are making preparations, there won't be any problems." Sheng Si also felt that now It was necessary to be careful, so he made such a proposal.

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Okay, come here, pass the order, leave one third of the brothers on guard, and the rest will go to rest immediately. After three days, we will attack on time." The staff officer responded, and then directly He went to deliver the order, and the Blood Killing Sect's army immediately started moving, and some of the disciples went directly to rest.

There are several ways for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to rest. They can work as a team and rest in the magic weapon made by the captain, or they can rest alone in their giant swords. Anyway, their giant swords are not there. During the battle, no energy is consumed, and there is no need for them to control it. There is a yin and yang thunder pool in the giant sword, which can provide energy to the giant sword. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can get a good rest in the giant sword. . Of course, it is also good for a team to rest together. They know many people well and can discuss training matters with each other. This is very beneficial to their training.