c7488 Take action

Gu Yuanzheng looked at Sheng Si and couldn't help but nodded slightly. It can be said that there is no one who can use magic to Sheng Si's level. I am afraid that only Zhao Hai can achieve this level of success. Du, they are absolutely incomparable, but Gu Yuanzheng also believes that he is no worse than Sheng Si.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at those Kun and couldn't help but sneer on his face. Following his sneer, he saw a huge mountain of bones suddenly appearing on his body. This mountain of bones could actually move. I saw the bone mountain fluctuate for a while, and then a bone throne was formed on the bone mountain. Gu Yuanzheng sat on the five bone thrones, and I didn't see him making any movements. I saw the bone mountain. , like a wave, rushing forward.

This bone mountain is like a sand dune blown up by the strong wind. It keeps rushing forward. Everything in front of him will be buried by him. Of course, if it is a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, then This Bone Mountain will not react in any way. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will only feel their eyes darken, and the next moment they will find that the Bone Mountain has passed. If those Kuns are blocking the way, then the Bone Mountain will not react. Shan blocked his head, and by the time Gu Shan passed by, Kun had disappeared.

The Bone Mountain kept moving forward, and the Kuns disappeared one after another. From the beginning to the end of the Ancient Expedition, they just sat on the throne of the Bone Mountain without even moving their fingers. This made the Blood Killing Sect Wu Wu The eyes of my disciples were all shining brightly. They really hoped that one day they could kill countless Kuns with just a few moves like in the ancient expedition.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect discovered that the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect had all appeared. They all showed their magical powers and directly killed those Kuns. As soon as these elders took action, they immediately It shows the difference in their strength. The strongest ones are Ding Chunming and Sheng Si.

Ding Chunming was also the first to arrive on the battlefield. He was wearing heavy armor, but without a helmet. He was holding two hammers. The two hammers were not very big. They looked full of patterns and were very beautiful. , and there is also a pair of wings on the back of his armor. Now the wings are waving non-stop, and Ding Chunming is also flying forward.

He directly passed all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and flew into the large formation of Kuns. When one Kun saw Ding Chunming, a bolt of lightning immediately hit Ding Chunming, but Ding Chunming didn't even look at it. The lightning flew directly in front of the Kun, and then hit the Kun with a hammer. The hammer seemed to be an understatement, as if there was no force at all, as if someone saw a fly. Flying beside him, he waved his hand to drive away the fly, but when the hammer fell on Kun's body, Kun's body rippled violently. With the hammer in Ding Chunming's hand as the center, The Kun's body rippled for a while, and then like a balloon punctured by a needle, he heard a wave, and the Kun turned into a black smoke and disappeared.

Ding Chunming was like an eagle flying through the clouds. He was not affected at all. He kept waving the two hammers in his hands. Every time he waved, a Kun would disappear. His movements could be seen. It sounded so casual and understated, but the speed at which he killed those Kuns was no worse than that of Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng.

Ding Chunming came with some elders. These people are actually specially trained disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They have also been trained in the Time Acceleration Zone. They may not have been comfortable with their own power before, but now they are. They had completely adapted to their own strength, so their attack power was fully displayed. The speed at which they killed those Kuns was not much different even if it was not as fast as Ding Chunming and the others.

As for Wen Wenhai and the others, their strength is a bit inferior to that of Ding Chunming and the others. They have not undergone special training, but their strength is also very strong. The most important thing is that they all have understood Therefore, their attack power is also very powerful. Once they take action, the color of the world will really change. The attacks of those Kuns have no effect at all on them. On the contrary, against those Kuns, they just A casual strike would kill those Kuns.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect finally saw their core elders take action. Although they knew that each of these core elders were stronger than the other, there were not many opportunities to actually see these core elders take action. Now they finally saw that they were all two My eyes are shining, because this is a rare learning opportunity.

For the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, people like Wen Wenhai and others can still figure out what's going on with the strength of their attacks. However, they can't understand the attack of Gu Yuanzheng and others at all. It doesn't look like it's using too much force, but it can kill the enemy directly. This kind of method is really scary.

As Wen Wenhai and the others took action, the morale of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was greatly shaken. They all went crazy to kill those Kuns. The number of those Kuns was also decreasing rapidly. Everyone felt extremely excited. They didn't regard this as a battlefield at all, but as a massacre.

At this moment, a sudden voice came and said: "Humph, you are really patient. I have been waiting for you for so long, and you finally take action. Let me see what the strength of you people is. How about it." Following this voice, a huge square-shaped halberd suddenly stretched out from the far horizon, and stabbed Sheng Si with a head-on halberd.

This halberd came very suddenly and very fast, and the halberd didn't look very big, just like an ordinary Fang Tianhua halberd, but the shaft of this halberd seemed to be infinitely long. It's the same, it stretches out from nowhere, and you can't see who is holding this halberd at all.

This halberd looks ordinary, as if there is nothing special about it, but this halberd immediately blocked all Sheng Si's escape routes. At the same time, there were countless changes to prevent others from coming to save Sheng Si. Look It looked like the other party wanted to kill Sheng Si with one strike.

When Sheng Si saw this halberd, he couldn't help but shrink his eyes. Others might not be able to feel it, but he could clearly feel that although this halberd looked simple, the person behind this halberd was absolutely powerful. It was not simple, because he felt that there was an air force behind the halberd, which had completely locked onto him. The most terrifying thing was that the air force was so powerful that it was like no mountain, and it was pressing straight towards him. , giving him the feeling of having nowhere to hide, nowhere to hide, and no way to resist.

Sheng Si, who has experienced many battles, immediately knew that the opponent had overwhelmed him in terms of momentum, which was why he felt this way. This also surprised him. He had not encountered him for a long time. Having faced such an opponent, after training in the Time Acceleration Zone, and understanding the formation, he believed that he was already the best master in the world, and no one could directly overwhelm him in terms of momentum. , I’m afraid even Zhao Hai can’t.

But at this moment he knew that he was wrong. Although he was very powerful now, his level had not reached the level of Zhao Hai, or even the level of the owner of this halberd, and the owner of this halberd definitely did not Zhao Haiqiang, that is to say, he is still far behind Zhao Hai.

These thoughts flashed through his mind like lightning, but his hands did not stop. He knew very well that now was not the time to think about these things. He had to react in the shortest possible time. , block this halberd, otherwise he will be in danger.

Precisely because of this, Sheng Si waved his hand forward, and a huge and complex magic circle stood in front of him like a huge round shield. This magic circle had just taken shape, and the long The halberd had already touched the magic circle, and Sheng Si heard a hissing sound. The halberd seemed to have cut through a piece of paper, directly piercing his magic circle. His eyes suddenly opened. He shrunk and retreated quickly. At the same time, magic circles appeared in front of him, blocking the halberds, trying to buy himself some time to retreat.

The halberd seemed not to have been affected in any way and was still thrust forward. The magic formations were like layers of paper, being pierced by the halberd, as if they had no resistance at all. No, it's not even possible to slow down the halberd.

At this moment, the halberd was about to pierce Sheng Si's throat. The pupils of Sheng Si's eyes almost shrank to the size of needle tips. He felt that death was so close to him, but he did not fight back at all. There was no chance, he already smelled the smell of death.

At this moment, a finger suddenly stretched out from Sheng Si's back and touched the tip of the halberd. A muffled sound was heard, and then the halberd was clicked back. , and then disappeared directly. At this time, Sheng Si came back to his senses. He knew that he was saved, and the one who saved him could not be anyone else, it must be Zhao Hai.

Sheng Si turned around and found Zhao Hai standing behind him, looking at him with a smile. Sheng Si quickly saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Father." Sheng Si respected Zhao Hai very much because he Everything today was given to him by Zhao Hai. If it weren't for Zhao Hai, he would have turned into a pile of bones by now.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, waved his hand at him and said: "Okay, no need to be so polite, that guy finally took action, it seems that we are not far away from him, but those guys are really cunning enough, he should He has been waiting for you to appear for a long time. As soon as you appear, he will take action immediately. He just wants your lives."

Sheng Si wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and said in a deep voice: "Father, that guy is very powerful. Who is he? How can he be so powerful? With my current strength, I can't even fight back. There is no chance. This is so surprising. Is he really that strong? Are we sure of dealing with him? "