c7482 touch

Those Kuns did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect would attack them at this time, so they were not prepared at all. In addition, those giant flying swords were very fast, and they did not even have time to react. Those flying swords were They had already arrived in front of them, and soon, the flying sword crashed into the Kun with a roar that cut through the void.

The defense of those Kuns is very good, but what they are facing now is a giant sword with a length of about a hundred meters. Facing such a giant sword, the defense of those Kuns is not enough. Although their body length is It was very long, but if a huge sword of about a hundred meters penetrated their bodies, it would kill them.

When the giant sword came into contact with Kun's body, the sword intention and sword intention on the blade flashed, and the sword seemed to cut through a piece of paper, directly piercing Kun's body, and then The sword penetrated directly into Kun's body, and then all the murderous aura and Buddha's power on the sword were exposed. The wound on Kun's body became very large, and then countless black smoke spurted out, and then suddenly appeared from their bodies There was countless golden light, and then those Kun exploded, turned into a ball of black smoke, and disappeared.

The attack of this wave of sword rain was not just the vanguard of the Blood Killing Sect, but all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. And those flying swords were under the control of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. They did not only fly in straight lines, but also flew in straight lines. Tracking the enemy, each Kun had several swords inserted into its body, and then turned into black smoke.

Those Kun also wanted to use the golden vortex in their mouths to suck the swords into their mouths, but it was impossible. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect themselves were in the sword body, and they could manipulate the sword at will. It can even deform the sword at will, so they can't suck it in even if they want to.

After only three sword rains, those Kuns were all wiped out before they reached the area occupied by the Blood Killing Sect. The entire battle lasted only about an hour. This speed stunned everyone, especially It was those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately let out bursts of cheers, but more disciples had thoughtful expressions on their faces while cheering.

Bai Yan kept looking at the radar screen. When the battle was over, he took a deep breath, and his eyes became brighter. He turned his head and glanced at Sheng Si. She didn't know when she had stood up. , walked behind him, and when he saw Bai Yan looking at him, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Not bad, Lao Bai, good job."

Bai Yan nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I want to retreat." Bai Yan's face was very solemn. He really wanted to retreat, because he felt that his realization this time was really important, so he had to retreat. It will take some time to understand it carefully.

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "Of course, Elder Gu will be released from seclusion tomorrow, and he can take your place. You can go to seclusion now. As for Elder Wen, I will tell you Just one word is enough." Sheng Si had known this result for a long time, so he didn't show any surprise at all, but agreed immediately.

Bai Yan nodded, hugged Sheng Si, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, I'll leave it to you." After saying that, he moved and left the headquarters, and Sheng Si also made arrangements accordingly. For a moment, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were resting, and then they went directly to Wen Wenhai's command hall.

Wen Wenhai and the others had already arrived at the command hall. Everyone was whispering, with a hint of shock and a hint of disbelief on their faces. To be honest, they really didn't expect that it would be so easy. , they took care of those Kuns. You must know that the first time they faced such a Kun, it took about thirty hours to take care of those Kuns. But now, it only took one hour. This is amazing.

Now when he saw Sheng Si coming, but didn't see the white eyes, Wen Wenhai couldn't help being stunned, and then he immediately said: "Xiao Si, where is Elder Bai? Why didn't he come?" Wen Wenhai really I'm a little curious as to why Byakugan didn't come. This time, Byakugan was the big contributor, so how could he not come?

Sheng Si smiled and said: "Elder Bai went into seclusion immediately after realizing all his thoughts. Please forgive me, Uncle Wen, but Elder Gu will be out of seclusion soon. It will be the same for him to be the frontline commander." After Sheng finished speaking, Si sat down directly, and when Wen Wenhai heard what Sheng Si said, he immediately understood what he meant.

No one like Wen Wenhai would object to someone doing retreat, because for monks, retreat is very important. However, retreat is generally divided into two types. One is retreat to practice hard. Sometimes this kind of retreat, In fact, it is not necessary. I just feel that my strength is not enough and I need to practice hard in seclusion for a period of time. Such retreat is just practice or some summary of my previous practice, which is not very important.

The second kind of retreat is to achieve enlightenment, which requires retreat for enlightenment. This kind of retreat is very important for monks, because this kind of retreat will improve the monk's cultivation to a certain extent, especially for things like It is very difficult for people of Wen Wenhai's level to have such a retreat.

So when Wen Wenhai heard what Sheng Si said, he immediately nodded and said: "So that's it, okay, let's not wait for him, let's talk about the battle situation this time, the battle situation this time , everyone has seen it, so I won’t say anything more. I just want to say that in the past, we really underestimated our external incarnations. Just a small change can make our The incarnation outside the body has such great power, which is really beyond my expectation."

Everyone also nodded. In fact, not only Wen Wenhai, but they were also very surprised. They did not expect that this battle would go so smoothly, and this was just because they had made some small adjustments to their external avatars. It was just a small change, but it allowed them to defeat the enemy so easily. This made them realize for the first time that they had really underestimated their incarnations.

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "The external incarnation is just a different form. The blessings for the external incarnation are still the same, but the final result is completely different. This makes us have to reflect. What we have done before Did you use the wrong incarnation? What do you think?"

Everyone nodded, and an elder said: "Now it seems that this change in the external incarnation is more lethal to those Kun than the previous Dharma-like giant composed of thousands of disciples. This is indeed a good thing for us." After some reflection, our external incarnation is different from other magical weapons. It is now equivalent to a part of our body and a part of our strength. And it has the ability to be ever-changing and can be used in various different environments. They have played an incomparable role inside, but before, we did not play the role of external incarnations at all."

Everyone laughed bitterly. They were really like this. They used to think that it was not easy to deal with those Dapeng and Kun. Their offensive methods were too few. Now they realized that they were carrying There is a weapons arsenal with all kinds of weapons in it. If they really want to attack, they can use all kinds of different weapons at will. The number of methods may be completely beyond their imagination.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone and smiled bitterly: "I also know what everyone is thinking. To be honest, I feel very ashamed. The boss gave us the best things, but we didn't use them well. This matter is our fault, but now Elder Bai has reminded us that our external incarnations can have so many changes. Elder Zhen, I think you can follow this and make a new one. Here’s a battle plan.”

Zhen Lao shook his head, smiled bitterly and said: "To be honest, in this case, it would be too difficult for us to make a battle plan, because our incarnations can produce countless changes. It is completely possible to make some targeted adjustments according to the enemy's weaknesses. In this case, any battle plan made in advance will not be very useful when the battle comes. On the contrary, it will become everyone's enemy. Resistance to making adjustments.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, then he thought for a while, nodded and said: "What you said makes sense, but you still need to have a battle plan. Even if it is not a real battle plan, you can still do some analysis, such as In which direction will the enemy evolve next time, with this kind of analysis, we can make various plans, so that we will not be in a hurry when facing the enemy, what do you think?"

Zhen Lao thought for a while, nodded and said: "Okay, after I go back, we will immediately start analyzing the enemy's situation, and then come up with some plans, but we will not make a specific battle plan, because it is completely There's no need." The commander was also very impatient. In this situation, they didn't need to make any battle plans at all. There was no need at all. It was better to let the commander make his own decisions based on the situation on the battlefield. Adjust it, it will be better.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said: "During the battle today, I found that many disciples seemed to be deep in thought. They might have some ideas. After everyone goes back, tell those disciples that they can put them ideas, write them all down and turn them in to see what their ideas look like.”

Everyone responded with a roar and seemed very excited. They also knew that what happened this time had a great impact on those disciples. In the past, to deal with those Kun, they had to form a team or divide into small teams. It would take a lot of time to deal with those Kuns, but now, they discovered that they only needed to change the shape of their external avatars. The things they used were still the same, but the lethality of those Kuns had completely changed. In the same way, they could deal with a Kun alone. This really surprised them. If they didn't think about it carefully at this time,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.