c7484 accelerate

Gu Yuanzheng was sitting in the frontline headquarters, and Sheng Si was sitting next to him. Both of them looked at the projection in front of them. The projection showed exactly the situation of the two battles. Both of them watched intently. Although Sheng Si knew The whole battle process, but now it seems, is still concentrated, because in his opinion, Byakugan's command can really be said to be an art.

After the situation of these two battles was completely over, Gu Yuanzheng took a deep breath, and then he said in a deep voice: "Speaking of which, compared with Lao Bai, my command ability is really far behind. Now, look at Lao Bai’s command, and now look at my command, to be honest, I really can’t watch it.”

Sheng Si shook his head and said: "I don't think so. Uncle Gu, your command is different from Elder Bai's. Your command is steady, advancing steadily, and there will be no problems." His mistake lies in the word stability, and Elder Bai's command lies in the word spirit. He is very agile. He can always find the weakest point of the enemy at the first time. It is precisely because of this that his That’s why the conductor seems so spiritual.”

Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly and said: "Don't put too much arrogance on my face. If you are not as good as him, you are not as good as him. In terms of command, I am really not as good as him. You see, he seems to be very smart, but in fact he is also very stable." Yes, have you noticed that every time he attacks, there will always be a reserve team left behind, which can respond to those who attack and can also expand the results at any time. This is where he is brilliant. In this regard, I am Can’t compare to him.”

Sheng Si smiled and said: "Of course I know this too. I feel that Elder Bai's breakthrough this time may be related to his command of the battle. If he didn't have the talent in this area, how could he have achieved a breakthrough? You know what he is doing A breakthrough, but a breakthrough at Daozi Mountain, means that he needs to understand the meaning, and the meaning he comprehends this time may be related to this kind of commanding battle."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Before we commanded the battle, we all read some military books. I don't know where the young master got these military books. If Lao Bai really made a breakthrough in this aspect, then he What I have understood should be a kind of intention of the military strategist, but I don’t know what it is, the three thousand avenues, the three thousand avenues, it really is the three thousand avenues, there are all kinds of intentions.”

Sheng Si smiled and said: "Of course, there are people with all kinds of intentions, but I don't know what kind of intentions some of us Blood Killing Sect disciples will have next. I really admire my adoptive father now." It’s incredible. Our Blood Killing Sect emphasizes overall cooperation, but we also don’t forget to cultivate the personality of our disciples. I dare to say that in other sects, Elder Bai would never have achieved this breakthrough, and neither would I. Such a breakthrough can only happen in our Blood Killing Sect."

Gu Yuanzheng smiled and said: "Of course, only in our Blood Killing Sect can we have such a relaxed training environment. Although our Blood Killing Sect also has some sect tasks, a training environment like ours is not available in It's impossible to have it in other places. In other sects, how could those elders have time to give you guidance? They can't practice on their own, so how can they have time to take care of you? In our Blood Killing Sect, But yes, if nothing else, just for this reason, our Blood Killing Sect is much better than other sects."

Sheng Si nodded and said: "Yes, for this alone, what we do is much better than other sects. I just feel that my adoptive father is working too hard. That's all. Let's not talk about it anymore. Now we are old and they are , is analyzing the enemy, trying to figure out what kind of enemy we will face next, and making plans at the same time, so we don’t have to be too anxious now, but he feels that the last time the Byakugan is used This giant sword tactic is actually a very good tactic."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, his tactic is indeed a very good fighting method, but I think we can refine this tactic. Different disciples, because of the training techniques, Different, they understood the meaning differently, so the swords they made were also different. The last time the enemy faced our giant sword tactics, it was because they had no defense, so they were wiped out in one go. But this time the enemy Once it appears, it should be improved. We are using the same giant sword tactic, so I don’t know how effective it will be.”

Sheng Si also had some worries in this regard, so he nodded and said, "That's true, so how do we refine it?" Sheng Si also knew that no tactics can remain unchanged. If the tactics remain unchanged at the first level, people will find weaknesses and crack them in the shortest time. Such tactics are definitely not good tactics, so Gu Yuanzheng said that Baiyan's tactics should be refined. He is Wouldn't object.

"Divide it by attributes. Flying swords with different attributes will have different effects. We can use swords with the same attribute together. This may have a better effect. What do you think?" Gu Yuanzheng has always thought this way. If he uses the flying swords with different attributes together, they will exert greater power.

Sheng Si frowned and said in a deep voice: "I don't think it's good. Flying swords with different attributes have different functions. And the Kun we have to face have different defenses." It may become stronger, and even their attack power may become stronger. At that time, we will still have to act as a team. If that is really the case, then there will be no one person in a team. Flying swords of various attributes, because in that case, it is easier for the enemy to seize the weakness and attack. We can equip the first team with reasonable equipment and use flying swords of various attributes in conjunction with each other, so that we can bring out the full potential of the flying swords. This squad has the greatest power, and even if those squads eventually form a squadron or a large formation, it doesn't matter, because the equipment of each squad is the same. As long as they are combined, they can perform It works, so that we can better deal with those Kun."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what Sheng Si said, he couldn't help but be slightly startled, and then he couldn't help but frown and think deeply. After a while, he nodded and said: "Yes, if a team really only has one attribute of flying swords, it is indeed It is easy for others to catch the team's weakness, and we should indeed make a reasonable configuration. Okay, let's do it like this."

Sheng Si nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "We can share our ideas with Mr. Zhen, let them analyze it, and then give opinions. This is what their staff department does, and they have always done it. They are all very good, I think their opinions are very good, what do you think?"

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "I will contact the boss now. We must come up with a plan before the next attack." After saying that, he directly took out the communication array and contacted the boss. He did not Ask the staff to contact the boss, but contact the boss personally to show your attention.

After contacting Gu Yuanzheng, Mr. Jin nodded. He also felt that Gu Yuanzheng's opinion was very good. He did not object to it, so he immediately agreed and told them that there would be a plan soon. Take it out and end the communication after saying that.

The array elders and the others did not let Gu Yuanzheng and the others wait too long, but within about five hours, the array elders had already come up with a new plan. In this plan, a thousand-man squad was given. The most suitable combination of giant swords, and this configuration is based on the five elements. The number of flying swords of each attribute is not completely determined, but it is also written in very detail, and a copy is given. Reasonable suggestions.

After receiving this suggestion, Gu Yuanzheng and the others immediately began to investigate all the disciples who were preparing to participate in the war. At the same time, according to this suggestion, they directly used their brains to redistribute all the disciples. Of course, based on the principle of proximity, Basically, they are reassigned within a squadron. If there are not enough people in the squadron, they are reassigned to the entire brigade. In this way, the disciples will not feel unfamiliar and it will be easier for them to integrate into the new team.

Just after they had done this, it was time for them to attack. Then, under the leadership of Gu Yuanzheng, the Blood Killing Sect's army moved forward directly. This time, the distance they advanced was still 10,000 miles. , and then stopped, everyone got into position, waiting for the enemy to arrive.

Soon the enemy came out this time. Gu Yuanzheng immediately used the radar screen to take a look at the incoming enemy plane and found that the enemy coming this time was still the same kind of Kun. The difference from the previous Kun was that this time These Kuns actually have a sharp horn on their heads, a sharp horn like a spear, which looks very scary.

As soon as he saw this kind of Kun, Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "The defense seems to be increasing all at once, and the attack power should also be strengthened. The sharp horn should not just be as simple as stabbing, right?" Gu Yuanzheng was very worried. It is clear that the strength of those Kuns is not very strong, and what they are facing is the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Strengthening the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is not that simple. The current combat power of this Kun will definitely not be that good. simple.

Sheng Si said in a deep voice: "Is it that simple? Just attack and you will know. Let those disciples be prepared. I really want to see if these Kun are really that strong." Sheng Si's eyes flashed with cold light. , he really wanted to see how strong those Kuns were.

Gu Yuanzheng said: "I think our current attack is still too slow. We can speed up some progress. Next time we will attack 100,000 miles at a time. Even if the number of Kun appears is more, it doesn't matter. , their evolution speed should not be that fast. If we keep letting them evolve like this, it will not be a good thing for us. We don't want to keep fighting with them for this year, what do you think?"

Sheng Si thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "After this battle, let's talk to Uncle Wen for a while. I also think that we can speed up the attack. We are already in the Garuda Realm. A lot of time has been wasted here, it’s time to speed up the attack.”