c7480 command

When Wen Wenhai heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately said: "Okay, Lao Bai, you will be the frontline commander next, Lao Gu, okay, I didn't expect you to break through, haha Haha, congratulations." This is of course a happy event. You must know that when the strength reaches their level, any breakthrough is very important. Now that Gu Yuanzheng is about to break through, how can he be unhappy?

Gu Yuanzheng also smiled bitterly and said: "What's so congratulatory? To be honest, I didn't find out that I was possessed by the inner demon before. The young master discovered it. In order to help me get rid of the inner demon, the young master let Xiao Si follow me all the time. , and it was also with Xiaosi’s advice that I defeated my inner demons, so I have to retreat for a while.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but turn his head and glance at Sheng Si. Sheng Si just smiled slightly, cupped his fists at him, and said nothing. Wen Wenhai just nodded at him, and then said with a smile: "Okay. , no matter what, you are about to break through, which is a good thing, you just go to retreat, we are here."

Gu Yuanzheng responded and sat down directly. Wen Wenhai glanced at the others, and then said solemnly: "There is actually nothing more to say now. We already know the enemy's combat effectiveness. What we will face next time The number of enemies is only ten times the current number, and now we also know some of the enemy's weaknesses. Then the next time we face the enemy, we can directly use the weaknesses to deal with the enemy, so that the speed of killing the enemy will be faster. , Okay, let’s all go back and wait until the next time the enemy comes.”

Everyone responded, then turned and left. However, Gu Yuanzheng went directly back to Daozi Mountain in the Xuanwu Space to retreat, while Baiyan went directly to the frontline headquarters. Sheng Si still followed him, and the two When he arrived at the headquarters, he arranged things on the front line with a white eye, and then said to Sheng Si: "Elder Sheng, can you ask me why Elder Gu made a breakthrough this time?"

Bai Yan joined the Blood Killing Sect later. He was not very familiar with Sheng Si. He only knew that Sheng Si was Zhao Hai's adopted son. He was very talented and a training madman. He was now one of the best masters in the sect. , so he was very polite to Sheng Si, and in the Blood Killing Sect, unlike other places, there was no hostility between them here, so it was normal to inquire about each other's cultivation.

Sheng Si didn't pay attention, just smiled and said: "Actually, it's nothing. He just wants to understand the meaning, so he has to retreat for a period of time. This time, the location of his retreat is Daozi Mountain." This is not something that needs to be kept secret. matter, so he told Bai Yan directly.

When Bai Yan heard what Sheng Si said, he also let out a long sigh, and then murmured: "Okay, that's great. I actually understand the meaning. This is a good thing. The meaning is not so easy to understand." Bai Yan couldn't. No regrets, among the elders of the Blood Killing Sect, his cultivation level is relatively low. Although he has understood the meaning before, the meaning he understood before was realized in the lower world. Now this kind of realization has come to him. The upper realm is no longer very powerful, and is similar to the meaning comprehended by ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Now when he heard Sheng Si say that Gu Yuanzheng had comprehended the meaning, he couldn't help but feel a little emotional.

Sheng Si looked at him and couldn't help but smile and said: "My foster father said that the meaning that the ancient expedition elder understood this time was related to him being a member of the undead clan, and the meaning he understood was also related to the aura of the undead. What he understood was not the sword intention or the sword intention of our Blood Killing Sect. The intention is the skin of the Tao, the three thousand avenues, that is the three thousand intention. Anything and anything can become the intention, not just the skills. Understanding meaning is the same for other things.”

When Bai Yan heard what Sheng Si said, he was stunned at first, and then fell into deep thought. To be honest, this was the first time he heard such a statement, which made him a little confused, but then he still said: "So that's it. Anyway, this is also a good thing for Elder Gu. If you have time, you should ask him for advice."

After saying that, he turned to look at the radar screen and was stunned. In fact, Sheng Si's words before had given him a lot of insights. Now he just wanted to remember this insight for Lao Lao. That's why. He feels like he has overlooked something now, and this matter is very important to him. He needs to think about it carefully. As long as he figures it out, I believe it will be of great benefit to him. Help, that's why he behaves like this.

When Sheng Si saw his appearance, she didn't say anything. She just found a place and sat down directly. Then she closed her eyes. It looked like she was going to practice. In fact, there was no war. At that time, there really weren't many things that they needed to take care of here. After all, the Blood Killing Sect were all veterans of hundreds of battles, and they all knew what they should do now.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. During these two days, Bai Yan spent most of the time in a daze. He kept thinking about Sheng Si's words, but he still had no clue. Fortunately, he had not forgotten his own. Responsibility, so when the time came, he directly ordered the army to set off.

The army moved forward directly. In less than three hours, they had reached the place where they wanted to attack. Then the army stopped and waited for the enemy to attack. Bai Yan was still in a daze, and Sheng Si was still sitting there. With their eyes closed and motionless, the two of them sat in such a position that the staff officers in the command headquarters didn't know what to do for a moment.

In this somewhat strange atmosphere, a harsh siren sounded. Bai Yan's eyes quickly regained their clarity, and then his eyes immediately focused on the radar. After seeing the light spots on the radar clearly, He immediately enlarged the radar screen and saw the Kun on the light spot clearly. He found that those Kuns were no different from the Kuns in the last battle, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

Then he turned to look at Sheng Si and found that Sheng Si was still sitting there with his eyes closed. He had been sitting there for the past few days without moving at all, making people almost forget his existence, but his eyes were blank. He will not be forgotten because he still hasn’t figured out what Sheng Si’s previous words meant.

Soon those Kuns had rushed to a place about a hundred miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's formation. Bai Yan immediately ordered: "Attack." Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect's army also began to rush forward. , the two sides collided directly, while Baiyan stared at the situation on the battlefield without blinking.

He suddenly rolled his eyes and said, "Do we have a cavalry team now?" He asked very suddenly, but the staff officer beside him immediately replied: "Yes, elder, we now have a cavalry team, the 15th team." The Cavalry Brigade, the 31st Cavalry Brigade and the 50th Cavalry Brigade are all here."

Baiyan nodded and said: "Send the order, let the 10th Cavalry go to the left wing, the 50th Cavalry go to the right wing, and the 31st Cavalry, face the enemy from the front and discover the attack, go ahead." The staff immediately responded. After making a sound, he went directly to give the order. The average Blood Killing Sect disciple may not know, but the staff officer knew very well that these three cavalry teams represented the three branches of the cavalry.

In the Blood Killing Sect, there are three types of cavalry. The strongest ones are the Alien Cavalry and the Undead Cavalry. These two cavalry teams are sometimes mixed because their combat effectiveness is very powerful and their attacks Li can be said to be the strongest existence among the Blood Killing Sect's teams.

The second strongest ones are the Blood Killing Sect Orc Cavalry and the Giant Beast Cavalry. They are also mixed. They are all heavily armored and physically trained. They are extremely powerful and have amazing defense. When they charge, they have almost nothing to lose. Everything blocks their attack, so their cavalry is also the strongest existence in the Blood Killing Sect.

The third is the puppet cavalry. The Blood Killing Sect originally had the puppet cavalry establishment. Later, after the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all had incarnations, a large number of people wanted to cancel the puppet cavalry establishment because of the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone of Zong's disciples has an external incarnation, which means that everyone can become a puppet cavalry, so there is no use in keeping the puppet cavalry establishment.

But Zhao Hai did not agree to this approach. The establishment of puppet cavalry has always existed. The fighting style of these puppet cavalry is completely different from that of other disciples. The combat of these puppet cavalry is very powerful, and their impact is also They are very strong and not slow. They are much stronger than ordinary disciples. Therefore, their formation has always existed in the Blood Killing Sect, and they have gradually been valued.

The three cavalrymen mentioned by the staff before, the 15th Cavalry Brigade, are the Alien Cavalry Brigade. One of their cavalry brigade has only 10,000 people, but the combat effectiveness of these 10,000 people is very powerful and impactful. Very strong. The strongest thing is their impact ability and their speed.

The 50th Cavalry is the Orc Cavalry. Their attack power is also very powerful, especially the impact. This team of cavalry has 100,000 people, which is the same number as a standard group of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Yes, they are all composed of strong orcs and body cultivators, and their mounts are also tall monster beasts.

The 31st Cavalry is actually a puppet cavalry. To be honest, the strongest point of the puppet cavalry is their defense. Their defense is the strongest among the three types of cavalry, and their number is... There are also 100,000 people, the standard number of people for a large group. From this point of view, it can be seen that the Alien Cavalry is indeed the most elite team in the Blood Killing Sect.

Because they have strong defense, and because their mounts are puppets that are easier to control, when charging, these puppet cavalry of the Blood Killer Sect sometimes connect all their mounts together, just like an armored chain horse. Same, this way their impact will be more powerful, Baiyan puts them in front, because they will face the impact of those Kuns, and at the same time they will also face the devouring of those Kuns, but because they can connect the horses, So they didn't have to worry about devouring them, so Bai Yan brought them to the front and fought head-on with Kun, while the other two teams attacked those Kuns from both wings. This is the difference between Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng's command. His command is more flexible and changeable than that of the Ancient Expedition.