c7483 bone meaning

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were indeed reflecting. This battle had really touched them too much. They suddenly realized that they had underestimated their incarnations too much before, especially when they When they can add murderous aura, Buddhist power, and even intention to their external incarnations, then their external incarnations can play completely different roles in different environments, and no matter what kind of enemies they encounter , they can all handle it.

Now there are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who have their own ideas. Some disciples have even thought of a special method of using external incarnation. They have to enter the experiment, so in the war After that, all the disciples immediately returned to their rooms, and then they directly entered the real illusion to conduct experiments.

However, they soon received the news. The sect asked them to come up with some ways to use their external avatars and then hand them in. This order was not mandatory. They could hand it in if they wanted to. If they didn’t want to hand it in, they didn’t have to hand it in. The sect would not Blame them, this is not a mandatory task, but if the method you come up with is particularly good, the sect will reward you.

This news shocked all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If they could really come up with any good idea, would that mean they could get anything they wanted? When they thought of this, they felt extremely excited, but they also knew that just having an idea was not enough. They had to experiment. Only when they found that their idea could be realized, they would write it down and publish it. Hand it over to the sect, otherwise, if they randomly come up with an idea and hand it over to the sect, and finally find out that it doesn't work, it will be embarrassing. Even if the sect will not punish them, they will be laughed at by their brothers.

Speaking of which, the atmosphere in the Blood Killing Sect is the best. There is almost no intrigue among the disciples, because they are not just brothers, not just brothers in name as others say, they are also comrades-in-arms. The relationship makes them closer, so the relationship between them is more of a family-like relationship, very close.

Not long after Wen Wenhai and the others finished their meeting, Gu Yuanzheng came out of seclusion. In fact, his seclusion time was several hours longer than the originally scheduled time, but no matter what, it was normal. Within the scope, there was nothing surprising, and when Wen Wenhai and the others saw Gu Yuanzheng, they were all stunned.

Gu Yuanzheng's temperament has changed slightly now. It feels like his good temperament has become a lot darker. Standing there, he has a lifeless feeling, but this feeling is not a bad thing, because this It means that the ancient expedition has cultivated the skills of the undead clan to a very powerful point, and this situation will occur.

In the Blood Killing Sect, the situation of the undead clan is actually somewhat special. They were all ordinary monks originally, but later they died in battle and became the undead clan. Therefore, in the Blood Killing Sect, The undead clan will not be looked down upon by others. On the contrary, many disciples voluntarily became the undead clan.

The skills practiced by the undead clan of the Blood Killing Sect are almost the same as those practiced by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, whether you practice Xuanmen skills or Buddhist skills. , you can be a member of the Necromancer clan. In the eyes of some sects, this is almost impossible, because you are a member of the Necromancer clan. How can you practice Buddhist techniques? But this is the fact.

Don’t forget, in Buddhism, there are also great Buddhist masters like the Master of the Corpse Buddha Forest, so what is impossible for the Necromancer clan to practice Buddhist techniques? In the Blood Killing Sect, how many ordinary disciples does the Blood Killing Sect have? There are as many kinds of techniques practiced by the Necromancer clan as there are techniques practiced by the Necromancer clan, because in the Blood Killing Sect, people have always believed that all things have yin and yang. If ordinary disciples represent Yang, then the Necromancers The clan represents Yin. If the techniques practiced by ordinary disciples represent Yang, then the techniques practiced by the disciples of the Necromancer clan represent Yin. Therefore, in the Blood Killing Sect, all the techniques are It is divided into two parts, Yin and Yang. The Yin attribute techniques are naturally used by the undead clan.

Naturally, what Gu Yuanzheng practiced was this kind of Yin attribute technique. Therefore, although he is lifeless now, it is because he has practiced the technique to a very high level. But this also means that he has just made a breakthrough and has not yet fully adapted to this kind of breakthrough, so you can feel the lifeless feeling on him. If after a period of time, he is completely accustomed to his breakthrough, After stabilizing the level of his breakthrough, the lifeless feeling will disappear, and he will become the original Ancient Expedition again.

Wen Wenhai looked at Gu Yuanzheng and couldn't help laughing and said: "Okay, Old Gu, it seems that we really made a breakthrough this time? How about it? I heard that you made a breakthrough at Daozi Mountain? Did you realize something? Do you like it? Come on, tell me and let us see if we can learn anything."

Now they were in Wen Wenhai's room. Wen Wenhai, Zhu Yong and Ding Chunming were the only ones in Wen Wenhai's room. Gu Yuanzheng didn't show any politeness and sat down directly. Then he smiled slightly and said, "Don't say that. , I really have some understanding, it is actually very simple, I just have realized the meaning of the bones of the dead."

"The bone meaning of the dead? What does that mean? Tell me and listen." Wen Wenhai was really curious. He had never heard of the bone meaning of the dead. For ordinary sects, it would be taboo to directly ask others what they have understood, because it is tantamount to probing others, but in the Blood Killing Sect, this does not happen. They are all good friends. This kind of question is just out of curiosity and does not have any bad intentions.

Of course Gu Yuanzheng also knew this, so he just smiled and said: "The ancient meaning of the dead soul is actually very simple to say, it is the meaning of the bone, which is the control of the bone. The bone I am talking about is not just the control of oneself. The control of bones, and the control of magic bones, and the so-called magic bones are actually bones that have been refined by our magic, that is, bones, do you understand?"

"Wouldn't it be over if you just said you can control bones? What are you doing with all that mess? You're really quite capable, but your ability is quite good. Tell me, what can you do at your strongest level? Tell me carefully." Wen Wenhai and Gu Yuanzheng are not polite. They are old friends, and old friends are not polite when speaking.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at them and couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "You guys, can your bones be that simple? But if you really say that, that's right. Really, if you say that, how can I It feels like the meaning I understand is so unreliable?"

His words made Wen Wenhai and the others burst into laughter, but they also knew that any kind of power that could truly comprehend the meaning would not be a simple thing. Gu Yuanzheng could comprehend the meaning of the bones, It's definitely not something simple. They were just joking with the Ancient Expedition before.

Zhu Yong also looked at Gu Yuanzheng with a smile and said: "Old Gu, you really made a lot of money this time. I remember that the young master used the bone spirit once before, that bone mountain, that bone giant, that giant bone throne, that The combat power is extremely powerful. Now that you have understood the Bone Mind, can you also achieve that level?"

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "If you want to say that it can be done to that extent, it's really a little short of it, but it won't be too different. The bone meaning can control the bones, and at the same time, it can also do some things on the bones." The effect of blessing is very huge. Of course, if you really reach the highest level, you can not only control your own bones but also the magical bones. You can even control the enemy's bones, making the enemy's bones kill you in turn. , this is the highest state of Bone Intention, but unfortunately, I am too far away from that step now. If I want to really reach that point, I am afraid I have to reach the level of Tao."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Okay, if you can understand Yi Gu Yi, you can already laugh secretly. How dare you think so far? You guy is really capable. Let's not talk about that. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about the current situation. You must go to the former army immediately and take over the position of commander. That guy Lao Bai, after commanding for two games, went directly to retreat. If you don't come out, I'm afraid. I'll have to send someone else to take command. Now that you're out of seclusion, it's up to you to take command."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said with some confusion: "What's going on? Why did Lao Bai go into seclusion? This guy will know how to choose his time." Gu Yuanzheng really didn't expect that, It had only been a few days, but Bai Yan had gone to retreat, which made him a little puzzled.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Like you, I also went to Daozi Mountain for retreat. It seems that I am about to understand the meaning. Speaking of which, did you guys do it on purpose? If you didn't break through before, now the sect As soon as I said that we should vigorously develop the meaning and let everyone understand the meaning, all of you suddenly understood the meaning? Is this intentional?"

Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly and said: "You're doing it on purpose. Show it to me on purpose. I was possessed by inner demons before. Isn't Lao Bai also affected by inner demons?" Gu Yuanzheng also knew that Wen Wenhai was joking. It is impossible to comprehend the meaning just by saying you understand it. It depends on the chance. Of course, if you just look at the Tao characters, you can comprehend it over time, but the meaning you comprehend in this way is not necessarily something you have comprehended by yourself. Yes, you are just stimulated by the word Dao, and the meaning you comprehend is somewhat worse than the meaning you comprehend yourself. Therefore, disciples of the Blood Killing Sect generally do not look at the word Tao and forcibly comprehend it. Instead, wait until you have enlightenment, and then go to Daozi Mountain for retreat, so that you can understand the meaning faster.

Wen Wenhai shook his head and said: "Without the inner demon, he arrived very smoothly, but I just don't know what he understood. Come on, I won't tell you more. You go to the front line and take over as the commander. Right Well, look at how Lao Bai commanded the battles these two times. To be honest, after watching Lao Bai command the battles, I really felt very ashamed."