c7494 war

A shrill alarm sounded once in the Blood Killing Sect, and the entire Blood Killing Sect started to move. Everyone was ready to fight in the shortest possible time. This time they did not Instead of turning their bodies into giant swords, everyone was wearing heavy armor and holding weapons in their hands, standing there quietly.

He glanced at the triangular kuns that were approaching them with a blank look on his face. He did not immediately let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect confront those triangular kuns. In his opinion, there was no need at all. Wait until those triangular kuns, After reaching a certain position, they just attack.

In the past, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not always on the road. Bai Yan, like Gu Yuanzheng and the others, asked all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to stop and rest before leaving. One hour of rest time was enough for the Blood Killing Sect to rest. All the disciples of the sect have adjusted themselves and are ready to fight.

When those Triangle Kuns entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killing Sect's army, Bai Yan directly ordered the Blood Killing Sect's army to appear. Now he is still commanding the front army. The Chinese army has not moved yet. This does not mean that , the Chinese army would not let Bai Yan take command. In fact, the Chinese army would also let Bai Yan take command. Bai Yan believed that now was not the time for the Chinese army to join the war, so the Chinese army did not move, only the front army moved.

The five billion Blood Killing Sect disciples rushed towards the billion Triangle Kun. Although these Blood Killing Sect disciples were also in formation, the formation was not very complete. This time, Bai Yan did not want the Blood Killing Sect disciples to let go. , are using battle formations to deal with the enemy, so the battle formations of the Blood Killing Sect disciples appear a bit chaotic.

Baiyan and the others have always believed that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are actually very powerful, but they have never shown it. They have optical brains to help them fight, and they have armor transformed from their bodies to protect them. There are also the best techniques, the best weapons, and even most people have understood the meaning. In this case, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect should be able to deal with those Kun alone. Even if they slowly grind , can also grind those Kun to death.

Those Kuns are very powerful, but if you study them carefully, you will find out what makes those Kuns so strong? They have thick skin and thick flesh, and are powerful. They can emit black lightning and emit golden energy to attack, but can't the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect not cope with these? The answer is no, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can handle it.

However, before the Blood Killing Sect, those disciples had never been given the opportunity to deal with those Kun alone. This time Bai Yan wanted to give those disciples this opportunity to deal with those Kun alone to see if they could use their strength. All inspired.

Soon, the Blood Killing Sect disciples had collided with those Kuns. A group of five Blood Killing Sect disciples attacked those Kuns. It was impossible for them to really let a Blood Killing Sect disciple deal with a Kun. , now these disciples of the Blood Killing Sect do not have such strength, so let the five of them cooperate and deal with a Kun together, which is the real thing.

Liu Xingchen is an ordinary disciple of a team of the Blood Killing Sect. His weapon is a spear, and he has also learned the art of spear. Liu Xingchen and the others have already received the order. This time they are going to use five billion to , to deal with the billion-dollar Kun, the sect will not send any reinforcements to them this time. They can fight for as long as they want. Whether they can save their lives depends on them. The sect will not send anyone to support them anymore.

When he received this order, Liu Xingchen was very surprised. He had not expected that the sect would have such an order. However, after hearing that they could form a team of five people, Liu Xingchen immediately became familiar with him. A few people contacted each other, and they formed three teams, fifteen in total. Although these three teams cannot deal with Yi Dou Kun together, they can also have a lookout for each other and a support. This sect is allowed.

Liu Xingchen was followed by four companions, and the other ten companions were not far from them. Liu Xingchen was now rushing towards one Kun, while his other two companions were rushing towards the other two Kuns. After passing by, they were not afraid. On the contrary, they felt a little excited.

They are all monks. They want to fight, they want to challenge the enemy, and they want to deal with the enemy. It can be said that they have been waiting for such an opportunity for a long time. Now that they finally have such an opportunity, of course they are very happy. , so Liu Xingchen roared wildly, led his four companions, and rushed towards the Kun.

Just when they were about ten meters away from the Kun, a sharp horn on the Kun's head suddenly lit up, and then a black lightning struck straight at the five of them. It was thick and very fast. Almost in the blink of an eye, the lightning was next to Liu Xingchen and the others.

When Liu Xingchen saw the lightning, he couldn't help but snorted, but his figure did not stop and still rushed forward. The lightning hit Liu Xingchen's body, but Liu Xingchen's body suddenly burst into golden light. In a flash, a golden light blocked the lightning.

Although the lightning made Liu Xingchen's body pause slightly, it did not make him lose the ability to move. He only paused slightly, and then continued to fly forward. The same was true for his companion. In the blink of an eye, they were Having already arrived at Na Kun's side, several weapons followed and all greeted Na Kun.

The spear in Liu Xingchen's hand was thrust out. The spear looked ordinary, like a flat stab, but when the spear landed on Kun's body, the scales on Kun's body suddenly shook. It exploded, and then a large pit with a diameter of more than two meters appeared on Kun's body. The depth of this pit was also about two meters. If Kun's body was not very huge, I am afraid that this time it would have been It hurt his internal organs.

This gun Liu Xingchen not only blessed the gun with the earth element Chongtian magic circle, but also used the power of Buddha. Of course, he also used the change of force. Liu Xingchen is still very talented in the change of force. Of course, after learning the changes of force, he has practiced ten kinds of force changes after these few days of practice. Today, when he used it, it was really powerful, and he could seriously injure Kun with one shot. light.

Kun screamed, and then his tail swept towards Liu Xingchen. Kun's tail was very huge and powerful. If he was really hit by his tail, Liu Xingchen would be With the protection of the armor formed by the body's incarnation, I am afraid that I will be seriously injured.

But Liu Xingchen was not an idiot. He couldn't wait for that Kun's tail to attack him, so he shouted deeply, his whole body moved, and he suddenly flew into the sky, and flew directly there. In the sky, and then the whole person's head and feet fell from the sky again, and a gun shot straight towards Kun.

Bang, there was another muffled sound, and a big hole appeared in Na Kun's body. At this time, several of his companions also launched an attack on Na Kun. Although their attacks were not as strong as Liu Xingchen's, they were still powerful. The Kun caused damage. For a moment, the Kun kept screaming and its tail swung back and forth, but it was unable to hit Liu Xingchen and the others.

Liu Xingchen snorted coldly and was about to launch an attack, but at this moment, he saw a sharp corner on the Kun's head spurting out countless black smoke, directly killing him and Liu Xingchen They were all covered inside, and Liu Xingchen felt that he had fallen into darkness in an instant and could not see anything.

However, Liu Xingchen did not panic. He knew very well that this was the black smoke released by the enemy, and Foli was the nemesis of these black smoke. As Liu Xingchen thought, countless arrows appeared on his armor at once. Golden light, as soon as this golden light appeared, the black smoke dispersed in all directions, and in the blink of an eye, he could see clearly the surrounding situation.

At this moment, a sudden golden light shot straight towards Liu Xingchen. When Liu Xingchen saw the golden light, he couldn't help but shrink his eyes. He knew very well that the golden light was what gave the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect a headache. , as long as it is covered by the golden light, if you are not careful, you may not be able to even move, and in the end you can only be swallowed by the Kun.

Liu Xingchen gave a deep shout, and a pair of wings suddenly sprouted from behind his armor. Then countless revolving sword wings shot straight towards the golden light. There was a soft sound on his chest, and the revolving sword wings struck him directly. On the golden light, the golden light disappeared, and the whirling sword wings flew back behind Liu Xingchen.

Liu Xingchen did not stop, but rushed towards the Kun. As soon as he moved, he saw the Kun's body. The Kun was already retreating, with that huge, ferocious head, Facing Liu Xingchen, Liu Xingchen snorted coldly. The sword wing behind him struck straight at Kun's huge head in one move, and at the same time, he rushed over directly.

A bolt of black lightning struck at Liu Xingchen, but was directly blocked by those revolving sword wings. It did not touch Liu Xingchen at all. Liu Xingchen moved and had already rushed to Kun's head. , and then a shot directly hit Na Kun's head.

Then I heard a bang, and a hole was stabbed in Kun's head. However, the hole was not very big, but this time, Kun seemed to be seriously injured. He screamed, "No!" He kept shaking his head, as if he wanted to throw Liu Xingchen off his head.

Liu Xingchen was unmoved. The iron boots under his feet had produced countless spikes, which penetrated directly into Kun's skull. However, the gun in his hand was shooting at that person one at a time. Kun stabbed the top of his head. This time, Liu Xingchen used all his strength. With a bang, Liu Xingchen's spear penetrated the hole he had penetrated before.

Then Liu Xingchen shot again. The pit was very deep, but the spear in Liu Xingchen's hand could be lengthened. With this shot, Liu Xingchen felt that the spear was empty, and he seemed to have smashed the Kun's skull. After it was broken, it penetrated directly into Kun's body. Liu Xingchen was overjoyed. He stretched the spear inward until it reached the hole, and then he stirred hard.

Kun, who was struggling, suddenly stiffened, and then turned into a plume of black smoke and disappeared.