c7492 change in force

Sheng Si said at this time: "The enemy's black mist is actually a way to use the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. However, our disciples did not react immediately when they saw it. If they reacted If you come here, you can use the power of your giant sword to disperse the black fog directly, so that you can see the enemy. Also, the enemy has some black lightning mixed in the black fog. Those black lightnings are mixed with the black fog. Lightning is something that causes headaches, and its attack power is very powerful, so we must be careful."

Ding Chunming said solemnly: "I have analyzed that kind of black lightning. That kind of black lightning has a strong paralysis effect. The body of the person who is hit will pause for a moment, and there is no way to move. But This kind of black lightning can also be blocked. If we put a layer of defensive shield on the giant sword of our Blood Killing Sect disciples, we can completely block this kind of black lightning. So I think we can The giant sword is equipped with an earth-type defensive shield. Firstly, the earth-type defensive shield has better defensive power. Secondly, the earth-type defensive shield can also play a certain role in blessing the giant sword. , when you encounter those Kuns, you can directly break the scales on those Kuns."

Gu Yuanzheng also nodded and said: "There are also the tails of those Kuns. Their tails are very long and very flexible. During the battle before, I noticed that when those Kuns reached the end, they could actually let go." Their bodies were raised head-down, and they used their tails to attack our giant swords. They could actually knock the swords away directly. This shows that their power is very powerful. We must be careful about this. OK."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he looked at the crowd and said, "Is there anything else? You can tell me everything you want." Wen Wenhai is actually very happy now. Gu Yuanzheng and the others can put forward so many opinions, which is very important to them. The next battle will already be very beneficial, and he really hopes that there will be more opinions like this.

Ding Chunming said: "I think we actually don't need this kind of giant sword. We can use this kind of giant sword when we are on the road. When we attack, we don't actually need this kind of giant sword, or even other things." Blessings, as long as our armor is thicker and the defense is stronger, it will be fine. When we use this kind of giant sword to attack, we actually rely more on this kind of giant sword. If we don't use this kind of giant sword, As for swords, our disciples will have to use more of their own strength when attacking. The change of strength can break the enemy's defense, which is a good thing for them."

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, and then Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Old Ding, please explain carefully." Wen Wenhai attaches great importance to Ding Chunming's opinion. He knows Ding Chunming's strength, and he also knows Ding Chunming's opinion. He has commanded his disciples in battles before, and his commanding ability is also very strong. However, now he puts more energy into training, so he no longer commands his disciples, but his opinions are still very useful.

Ding Chunming nodded, and then said: "No matter what kind of energy it is, when it attacks the enemy, it is actually a kind of force. It's just that the expression of force is different, and the change of force is actually the force of force." In the use of force, a very important point is that between two people with the same strength, one person's strength will change, and the other person's strength will not change. The person whose strength will change will definitely win, so the change in force is absolutely It should not be underestimated, and our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don’t pay much attention to the change of force. The Xiuxiu disciples are a little better. Because they are physical cultivators, they have done some research on the change of force. , but some ordinary disciples don’t pay much attention to the change of force, and their lack of attention also prevents them from fully exerting their power. So I think we should let the disciples, more To engage in close combat with those Kuns, they should be allowed to hold more weapons to attack those Kuns, and let them learn and feel the importance of changes in force. Only in this way can they pay attention to changes in force and go to them. They are willing to learn the changes in power. As long as they learn the changes in power, their combat effectiveness will increase a lot."

Wen Wenhai and the others kept nodding while listening. They all knew what Ding Chunming meant. The change of power seemed to be very profound, but to put it simply, you are using a move. Sometimes, your move will contain several kinds of power. This is the change of power.

In the entire Blood Killing Sect, when it comes to controlling the changes in force, Ding Chunming can definitely be regarded as a master-level figure. He can find dozens of changes in force with one move, and the enemy is against him. When you hit him, you will soon be overwhelmed by the changes in his power, and you will often be unable to even take one of his moves.

Ding Chunming's talent is very good, but his efforts are difficult to compare with others. He is a very persistent person, and his control and use of force are beyond the reach of others. It is precisely because of this that it is now recognized in the Blood Killing Sect that the number one master under Zhao Hai is Ding Chunming, and the others are not qualified.

Ding Chunming looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, and then said: "I think everyone may have forgotten that the young master put forward a point a long time ago, that is, whether it is magic or other techniques, in fact, All can produce changes in force. We have even tested changes in force in the technique before, and it was very successful. Needless to say, other techniques can also produce changes in force. We are here. The purpose is to take down these interfaces, but training disciples is also necessary, so why not use this opportunity to test the disciples' control of force. As long as they learn the changes of force, their combat effectiveness will definitely be stronger of."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Old Ding is right, I think it is very feasible. Although this giant sword is all transformed from the external incarnation of the disciple, it is equivalent to a part of the disciple's body, but if The change in power they master will make their combat effectiveness stronger, and this change in power can be used by them at any time. It is a very simple, but always practical, Ability that never goes out of style.”

Wen Wenhai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then it's settled. Next time when attacking or on the road, all disciples can release the giant sword, but when fighting, they must do it themselves. , you need to understand the changes of power when the battle is called, but Old Ding, you have to come up with some practical information, tell the disciples how the power changes, and let them realize it during the battle, how about it?"

Ding Chunming said solemnly: "No problem, I will make a projection when I get back and put it in the real illusion. Anyone can learn it. It is best for everyone to learn it." Ding Chunming is not a selfish person. The change of force is a method that can improve the strength of his disciples. Of course, he can tell all his disciples. As for how much they can learn, it depends on them.

The change of force is not a great and profound skill. It cannot even be regarded as a skill, because it does not have certain regularity. You can do whatever you want and change it however you want, so it is powerful and powerful. Very huge.

But if you want to learn the changes in force, it is not an easy task, because there are not many shortcuts to take. Only through continuous hard practice can you fully master the changes in force. If If you can't endure hardship, then you won't be able to master this change in power, so Ding Chunming can teach it, but whether you can learn it and whether you can fully master it depends on how much hardship you can endure.

As soon as Wen Wenhai heard what Ding Chunming said, he immediately said: "Okay, let's let the meeting end. Old Ding, you go back immediately and make the method of changing force into a projection and put it in the real illusion." Go, others, inform the disciples immediately after returning, and prepare to enter the real illusion to learn the changes in force. At the same time, we must also tell them how we will attack in the next attack, so that they have a Be mentally prepared.”

Everyone responded with a roar, then turned and left. Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng, the three of them, also came to the frontline headquarters. When they arrived at the frontline headquarters, Gu Yuanzheng immediately said to Baiyan: "Old Bai, you What kind of meaning did you comprehend this time? Tell me and listen." He was really curious about what kind of meaning Bai Yan comprehended.

Baiyan smiled and said: "The meaning I have learned this time is actually related to commanding my disciples to fight. This is a kind of auxiliary meaning. It can allow me to better command the battle and have a stronger overall view of the battle. When the time comes, my mind will be clearer and more flexible, and I can discover details that others cannot."

Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si were both stunned. Gu Yuanzheng looked at him in confusion and said, "There is such a meaning? It's incredible. I have never heard of it before." This kind of meaning has indeed never been heard of. , in the entire Blood Killing Sect, only Baiyan was heard to have comprehended this meaning, and no one else had comprehended such a meaning.

The mind usually helps the monks in fighting. This is the first time I heard about the auxiliary mind. The mind can also be auxiliary. This is really incredible, but now Byakugan understands this kind of mind. This made them have no choice but to believe it, and it also made everyone feel even more incredible.

Baiyan smiled slightly and said: "Before I realized this meaning, I couldn't believe it, but it is true. In fact, to put it bluntly, this meaning is the most important two points, one is to see the overall situation, and the other is to discover weaknesses. , the overall view will allow me to have a better judgment on the situation on the entire battlefield, and the discovery of weaknesses will be simpler. It allows me to more easily discover the weaknesses of the enemy's battle formation. It can also be said that I can also You can more easily discover the weaknesses of the enemy's body and moves, which will naturally make it easier to fight against the enemy, whether the enemy is engaged in a large-scale battle or fighting alone, it is the same."