c7499 coming

Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then said: "At our current forward speed, I believe that we will enter the core area of ​​​​the Garuda Realm in about two to three times. In other words, at most we will still be able to reach the core area. We will encounter enemies two to three times, which means that we should encounter the last group of enemies. Lao Bai, guess what kind of enemies we will encounter in the end?"

He rolled his eyes and thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "According to our past experience, the enemies we encounter in the end are often somewhat similar to the strongest in this level, and we all know that this level is The Garuda Realm, the Garuda Realm is the Golden-Winged Dapeng Realm. That means that the strongest person in this level should be the Golden-winged Dapeng. But if it is really the Golden-winged Dapeng, he should not It can turn into Kun, so there is a little bit of weirdness in it. It should be that the great man who built this world made a mistake. He confused Kunpeng and Golden-winged Dapeng. But don’t forget, the previous world The strongest person in the world has had the experience of attacking once, and that was the time when he attacked Xiaosi. And when the enemy attacked us that time, he used a long halberd. From this, we can see that the time he attacked us The enemy should be a person, at least in human form, and he can use weapons, and the weapon should be a halberd, so the last enemy we encounter will most likely be an enemy holding a halberd."

Everyone was stunned, and then they all nodded. Bai Yan's analysis was very clear and reasonable. They had no reason not to believe it, so now they all felt that Bai Yan's words were very reasonable. This time they faced The enemy may really be a humanoid enemy holding a halberd.

Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then said: "If this is the case, it will be even more difficult to deal with. Those Dapeng and Kun are too rigid. If they are really humanoid enemies, they may not be able to deal with them." It will be so rigid, and it will be even more difficult to deal with.”

Baiyan nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That's right. If the enemies this time are not so rigid, then they will be the most powerful enemies we have ever encountered, and they will be even more difficult to deal with. We must Just be careful, of course, these are just my guesses, it’s really hard to say whether this will be the case.”

"Whether it is or not, there is nothing wrong with being prepared. After we go back, let everyone be careful. We have already come here, but we cannot take it lightly at this time. If at this time, we are attacked by the enemy If we are defeated, we will be humiliated." Wen Wenhai said solemnly.

Gu Yuanzheng said at this time: "If our enemy this time is really humanoid, then we must be more careful. If the enemy does not attack us according to the previous attack time, but we are not prepared, but We will suffer a loss, so I think we must be more vigilant to prevent the enemy from making a surprise attack on us."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "With the radar here, we don't have to worry about the enemy's sudden attack. But what Lao Gu said makes sense. Those rocs are very fast. If we are completely unprepared, Now, if those big rocs suddenly attack us, our losses will definitely not be small."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, that's what he meant. Those big rocs can directly cross the distance of thousands of miles in a few breaths, but if the Blood Killing Sect is completely unprepared, there is no way they can be prepared in just a few breaths. At that time, if the enemy breaks into the Blood Killing Sect's formation, it will cause a lot of casualties to the Blood Killing Sect, and this is exactly what they want to avoid with all their strength, so Gu Yuanzheng will put forward this proposal at the meeting .

Bai Yan said solemnly: "It makes sense. It seems that we must be careful after we go back. Even when we are resting, we must leave some disciples to be on guard, otherwise problems may really arise." Bai Yan had also said before He really didn't expect this. Now that he was reminded by Gu Yuanzheng, he also felt that what Gu Yuanzheng said was very reasonable.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do that. Everyone goes back and prepares. Lao Bai, I'll leave the security to you. After all, you are the front line. When the enemy comes, you will be the first to attack. Just go back and make arrangements." Wen Wenhai was very relieved that Bai Yan and the others had strong command, so he directly handed over the task to Bai Yan and the others and let them handle it.

He rolled his eyes in response, and then Wen Wenhai waved his hand. Everyone stood up, bowed to each other, and turned around to leave. They had to hold meetings like this every few days, so they had already They are used to it. Now that the matter is settled, they only need to go back and prepare, and there is nothing extra to say.

Returning to the frontline headquarters, Bai Yan immediately arranged for vigilance. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all elite soldiers. They may not have had a head-on confrontation with those enemies for a while, so they seemed a little too strong. They were too excited, but when they adapted, they immediately regained the vigor and energy that their elite soldiers should have. As long as Bai Yan arranges things, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will do it right away. He doesn't need to worry about anything.

After arranging the alert matters, Bai Yan said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Old Gu, what kind of interface do you think the next interface will be? Will it be different from this one?" Bai Yan really doesn't know at all now. He is no longer worried about the situation here in the Garuda Realm, that's why he asked like this.

Gu Yuanzheng shook his head and said: "It's really hard to say what the next interface will look like, but I remember that if the next interface is correct, it should be the Dragon Division, or it can also be called the Dragon Division. The world, and the dragon has always been a mythical beast and a symbol of strength. If the next interface is really the dragon world, then the next interface will definitely not be simple."

Baiyan nodded and said: "Yes, dragons have always been a sign of power. If the next interface is really the dragon world, it will definitely not be easy. I'm afraid it will be another difficult one to deal with. What a pity. We don’t get any good things at this level of interface. In the Yaksha Realm, we can still get the Yaksha Realm. In the Shura Realm, we can also get the Demon Subduing Pestle, but here, we can get everything. It’s a shame not to.”

Gu Yuanzheng smiled bitterly and said: "That is something that can't be helped. Who would have thought that this would be the case here, but anyway, now that our disciples' strength has increased, this is enough. Once the first layer of the interface is cleared, we can go to the next layer of interface, and the time is coming soon."

Baiyan nodded, then he took a long breath and said: "Yes, we can go to the next interface soon. I am really very happy. I really hope that this last group of enemies can bring us some success." Come with some surprises, otherwise, it would be really boring.”

Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si both smiled slightly, and neither of them said anything. In fact, they had the same idea as Bai Yan. Now the Blood Killing Sect has no pressure to deal with those Kun and Peng. If it appears this time If the enemy is still the same as before, then there is really no point in it. They can be dealt with easily, so what's the point?

Originally Baiyan and the others were worried that the enemy would attack them in a short period of time, but what surprised them was that no, the enemy did not attack them for three consecutive days, which made them feel very worried. Unexpectedly, but the enemy did not attack them, it does not mean that they will not attack the enemy. Finally, after the fourth day of Shenshi, Baiyan gave orders one after another, and the entire Blood Killing Sect began to advance directly, and the army continued to move forward. Rushed forward.

At the end of the day, the army stopped once and began to gear up and prepare to meet the enemy. As they advanced, they did not encounter an enemy. This surprised them even more, and they were a little unsure. He didn't know if he had guessed wrong, otherwise why the enemy hadn't come to attack them.

In this uneasy mood, more than an hour passed. At two o'clock in the morning, a white dot finally appeared on the radar screen, and an alarm sounded in the blood killing sect's army. All the disciples of the Killing Sect were shocked. They knew that the enemy was coming.

Bai Yan also enlarged the pattern on the screen. Once he placed the image on the screen, Bai Yan couldn't help but be stunned, and then he was shocked because the image on the screen was really very similar to what he had imagined. What appeared was not Kun or Peng, but a human. To be more precise, it should be an orc.

The people who appeared on the screen all had eagle-like heads and wings on their backs. They all held halberds in their hands, and their feet were like eagle claws. They looked very fierce. They are now waving their wings and flying forward very fast.

"Old Bai, you guessed it right, the people here this time are really people, good guys, these guys really use halberds, they really don't look easy to mess with." Gu Yuanzheng's voice came. , Bai Yan woke up in an instant, and then Bai Yan realized that he was stunned.

But he woke up immediately, and he immediately said: "Okay, great, it's really a human form, hahahaha, okay, then let's have fun with them, come on, pass the order, everyone The army is preparing to attack, reminding everyone to pay attention to the enemy's golden light, extremely cold ice wind, and the attack of the eagle's claws. Also, pay attention to the opponent's halberd. The opponent's halberd may retract and retract, so everyone must Notice."

Immediately, a staff officer responded, and then went directly to deliver the order. Those staff officers also knew what happened at the previous war meeting, and also knew why Byakugan not only didn't look nervous at all when he saw the enemy in human form, but actually He seemed very excited, because these were all within his expectations, and he certainly had nothing to be nervous about, so they were not surprised at all by Bai Yan's current order.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.