c7491 Exit

The computing power of the optical brain is very powerful. It quickly analyzed the Kun that appeared this time, and then came to the conclusion that the defense and attack power of this Kun have been greatly enhanced, but they have Their scales should still be unable to block the full blow of the giant sword from the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and the abdomen of these Kuns might be their only weakness.

As soon as he saw this, Gu Yuanzheng immediately sent this analysis to all the team captains, so that they could be aware of it. Although he also wanted to fly out to fight those Kun like Sheng Si, but he didn't. Forgetting his responsibilities, he was the commander of the Blood Killing Sect's army, and it was impossible for him to leave, so he could only think about it, but did not actually go out to fight those Kun.

The last time they went out to fight, it was just an accident. In addition to the enemies who appeared last time, they already knew how capable those enemies were. Even if they didn't take command, there would be no surprises. But this time it was different. The enemy this time was something they had never encountered before, so he had to keep a close eye on it.

After sending those analyzes to the team leaders, Gu Yuanzheng directly ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to start attacking. Following his order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rushed towards those Kun. In the process of rushing forward, the team captains also made some adjustments to the people in their teams.

Soon the flying sword of the Blood Killing Sect flew about ten miles in front of those Kuns. With the speed of the flying sword, the distance of ten miles was only a few breaths of time. And at this moment, he saw Those Kuns moved violently, and the triangular tips on their heads were untied. First, a cloud of black mist appeared, covering them all. At the same time, in the black mist, there were black lightning flashing, constantly But those Kuns all flashed into the black mist, making it impossible for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to see clearly where those Kuns were.

Because those Kuns were very fast, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had no time to react. They rushed directly into the black mist. However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not fuel-efficient lamps. They knew very well that in the In this case, they couldn't have any hesitation. If they hesitated, they would be in danger. Because of this, they sprinted forward with all their strength and dived directly into the black mist without any speed at all. No weakening.

As those giant swords flew into the black mist, the black mist immediately started churning, and then countless flying swords rushed out of the black mist. It seemed that there was no loss, but because There was black mist blocking it, and I don't know if those Kuns in the black mist suffered any damage.

At this time, Sheng Si also appeared next to the black mist. He glanced at the black mist, and then said: "It's interesting, but this trick is always difficult to use." Wansheng waved his hand, and countless starlights suddenly fell into the black mist. Just after the starlight fell into the black mist, at an unknown time, thousands of golden lights suddenly lit up in the black mist. It's so flashing that people can't open their eyes.

But the golden light came and went very quickly. In the blink of an eye, the golden light disappeared. When the golden light disappeared, all the black fog disappeared, and even the black lightning disappeared. Only the heads of Kun could be seen, still standing there.

When they saw this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were naturally not polite, and shot their giant swords straight at the Kuns. Speaking of which, the defense power of those Kuns is really amazing. As soon as the giant sword stabbed Kun's body, it actually felt like it was sliding to the side. The scales on those Kun's bodies could actually make their giant swords strike towards the Kun. Slip on the side, this situation is absolutely rare.

However, there were also some giant swords. After hitting those Kuns, the scales on those Kuns were directly broken. Then the long swords directly penetrated into those Kuns' bodies, and those Kuns were directly stabbed to death on the spot. As soon as he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but feel happy on his face, and he immediately said loudly: "Quickly, ask those giant swords that pierced Kun's body what kind of magical weapons they used. "

The staff officer immediately responded, and then directly contacted the disciples through the communication array and asked what kind of array they used on their giant swords. The disciples immediately responded, saying that they were all using The earth element magic circle, because this kind of magic circle is used on a giant sword, will make the giant sword very heavy, so the giant sword hit those Kuns. Because it was too heavy, it directly hit the scales on those Kuns. It broke into pieces, and then penetrated into Kun's body, stabbing Kun directly to death.

As soon as he heard the disciple's answer, Gu Yuanzheng immediately informed the entire army about the matter. The relationship between the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is very convenient, especially here in Gu Yuanzheng. If he wants to send one, If he informs the whole army, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect will hear it, so all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know about his announcement.

After those disciples knew about this, they immediately added a large number of earth magic formations to their giant swords to increase the weight of their giant swords. Then they launched an attack on those Kuns. At this time , on top of Kun's head, on the single horn growing at the front, a golden light suddenly appeared, and then the golden light went straight to the giant swords that had been killed by blood. The speed of this light was very fast. , before those giant swords reacted, some giant swords were already covered.

As soon as it was covered by the light, the giant sword immediately began to shrink and slowly moved in the direction of the Kuns. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who had fought with those Kun several times, when they saw this situation, they immediately knew that the golden light emitted from the horns was the same as the golden light emitted from the mouths of the big rocs before. When they thought of this , those disciples immediately took action. Those disciples who were not covered by the golden light immediately stopped to rescue those who were covered by the golden light. They saw an iron chain suddenly protruding from the hilt of their giant sword. , the iron chain directly rolled over the giant sword.

In the blink of an eye, the iron chains had been wrapped around the giant sword, and then the iron chains began to tighten, pulling the giant swords covered by the golden light out of the golden light, and other long swords also attacked those Kun. However, their attack this time was very smooth, because they all added a large number of earth magic arrays to the giant swords, which directly shattered the scales on Kun's body, and then directly penetrated When they got into those Kun's bodies, they stabbed them to death directly.

At this time, Ding Chunming and others also rushed to the scene and joined the battle. Sheng Si had naturally participated in the battle a long time ago. With their participation and the attack of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, those Kun still wanted to It is very difficult to surround yourself with black mist, almost impossible to do, and you will be completely at a disadvantage.

Gu Yuanzheng did not participate in the battle this time. He was always at the headquarters, watching the battle there. When Wen Wenhai, commanding the Chinese army, came to join the battle, those Kuns had no way to escape and were killed by the bloody clan. They were all wiped out in one wave, and the entire battle only lasted about two hours.

After the battle was over and the disciples were arranged, Gu Yuanzheng arrived at the command hall. As soon as he arrived at the command hall, he saw a person standing next to Wen Wenhai. This person was Baiyan who had been in retreat before. Seeing the white eyes, Gu Yuanzheng was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately laughed and said: "Old Bai, you guys are finally out of seclusion. I said, you are really not interesting enough. You can't do it even if I go into seclusion." How about going into seclusion, and you go into seclusion before I get out of seclusion? How are your gains from this retreat? If your gains from this retreat are not good, then don’t blame me for being rude."

When Bai Yan heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, the effect of this retreat is quite good. I have understood the meaning, and it is a special kind of meaning, which belongs to the art of war. From now on, You will know after you use it." It can be seen that Bai Yan is also very happy now.

When Bai Yan said this, Gu Yuanzheng also smiled slightly and said: "Okay, very good, hahaha, in this case, you can be the frontline commander. To be honest, I am really scared to be the frontline commander." Ah, you must be more suitable than me." This was Gu Yuanzheng's true words. He felt that this frontline commander, blocked by Bai Yan, would be more suitable than him.

Wen Wenhai said with a smile: "That's what I mean. Lao Bai will be the frontline commander, and you and Xiaosi will help him. I believe you can do a good job. Everyone is here, please sit down." The two of them responded, and then directly found a place to sit down.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "In this war, a new kind of Kun appeared. This kind of Kun's defense and attack power have become very powerful. If Xiaosi hadn't seen the opportunity, Early, we broke through the enemy's dark fog early. It is not easy for us to capture the enemy in such a short period of time. If you have anything to say, please speak up and listen. "

Gu Yuanzheng stood up first and said: "I am the frontline commander. Let me tell you that this time the enemy's defense is indeed very strong, and the scales on their bodies also have a hint of side sliding ability. This It greatly affected the attack power of our giant sword, but later I found that the blessing of the earth element's magic circle was more beneficial to deal with their scales, so that we could eliminate them so quickly, so I think that next time we attack , the disciples' giant swords must be equipped with a large number of earth magic arrays, which will make our giant swords heavier, and can crush the scales on Kun's body in one go, thus destroying the enemy. "After speaking, Gu Yuanzheng sat down.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to look at everyone and said, "Do you have any other opinions? Let's talk about them all." Wen Wenhai knew that Gu Yuanzheng's opinion was very useful, but he also knew very well , this alone is not enough, it is best for them to come up with a few better opinions, so that everyone can rest assured. At the same time, if the enemy adjusts their own weaknesses, they can also have more methods. Can destroy enemies.