c7496 No bottom

Sure enough, as Gu Yuanzheng thought, the Blood Killing Sect had already beaten those Kun to death in less than ten hours. You must know that this time they only used five billion disciples, and What they faced was a billion Kuns. Under such circumstances, they were able to grind those Kuns to death within ten hours, which showed how powerful they were. .

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were also very excited. After the war, although they all returned to the Xuanwu Space to rest, they all seemed very excited and kept discussing today's battle. And this time The battle was also of great help to them. They also discovered that the change in power was indeed very lethal to those Kuns. When fighting those Kuns, they all also had some understanding, and they could go back and practice hard. Practice it.

After Baiyan and the others finished arranging things on the front line and rotating the disciples, they came to the command hall. Several people arrived at the command hall. All the core elders were there. Everyone was talking about this war. The battle really surprised them.

As soon as he saw Bai Yan and the others arriving, Wen Wenhai immediately waved to a few people. Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si often smiled and found a place to sit down by themselves, allowing Bai Yan to walk to Wen Wenhai's side. Wen Wenhai took a look From the performance of the two of them, it was already known that the two wanted Byakugan to make a summary this time.

He didn't say anything, but coughed slightly, and then waved his hands to tell everyone to stop talking. Then he turned his head and rolled his eyes and said: "Old Bai, tell me about the battle this time. Let's talk about it." Everyone is very curious as to why the disciples did not form a battle formation but achieved such good results. We have just counted and found that no disciple was swallowed up in this battle, that is, they died completely and were really killed by those Kuns. The number of dead disciples is less than 50,000. To be honest, we never expected such casualties. Please summarize it for us."

Baiyan nodded, without being polite, and directly said what he had said to Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si before. Finally, he concluded: "From this incident, we can draw a conclusion, that is, facing For different enemies, we need to use different methods. Not all enemies can be faced with battle formation techniques. For some enemies, if we don't use battle formation techniques, it may have unexpected effects."

Wen Wenhai and the others kept nodding, and after Bai Yan finished speaking, he went back and sat down. Wen Wenhai then looked at everyone and said: "Everyone, to be honest, before today, we have never thought that we don't have to fight. The art of formation has such a good effect against those Kuns, but what happened today taught us a lesson and let us know that we can still deal with those Kuns in this way. What do you think? You can just say it."

An elder stood up and said in a deep voice: "I think what Elder Bai said is only on one side. If our previous disciples wanted to grind those Kun people to death in such a short period of time, it would not be wrong. It was an easy thing, because recently Elder Ding taught all the disciples the changes in force and asked them to practice and increase their attack power. This allowed them to kill those Kun in such a short period of time. Of course, if there is no such change in force as an attack method, they can also grind those Kun to death, but it will take longer."

Everyone also nodded, and they all paid attention to observe that in this battle, some of the disciples who performed well were all those who had practiced the change of force to more than ten changes. Those disciples performed best, killing and injuring The force is the greatest. It can be seen that the change in this force really played a very good role in this battle.

Wen Wenhai also nodded, and then he said: "Then let's talk about what we should do next. How should we fight the next battle? You must know that the number of enemies that will appear in the next battle is definitely 10 billion. And will the number of troops we invest in the next battle also reach 50 billion?"

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone was stunned. Then they thought about it and couldn't help but turn their eyes to Bai Yan. When Wen Wenhai looked at everyone, he also smiled and said: "Old Bai, you are the frontline Commander, you have the most say in this regard, so it’s up to you to speak.”

Bai Yan was not polite, he stood up and said in a deep voice: "I think there is no need to go out with 30 billion disciples. Three people can deal with one Kun. In my opinion, even if one person can deal with one Kun It's all possible. Facing our disciples' flexible tactics, those Kuns will not suffer any loss even if they are one-on-one, and one-on-one can also better stimulate the potential of our disciples. I believe our Disciples can definitely do it.”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help but said in a deep voice: "One-on-one is still too difficult for those disciples now. I think it is better to use three-on-one. Next time, we will use 30 billion disciples to fight, and then three-on-one, Let’s see how it works, Lao Ding, you are ready to provide support at any time. Although the puppet disciples did a good job this time and are ready for rescue, we cannot take it lightly and it is better to be careful.”

Ding Chunming and Bai Yan both agreed. Naturally, they would not object to Wen Wenhai's intention. Three against one is indeed more reliable, and the disciples this time are not the disciples who fought with those Kun last time. They But there is no precision. If they are allowed to fight one-on-one at once, there may be huge casualties.

When Wen Wenhai saw that the two of them had no objection, he said directly: "Okay, then this matter is settled. Let's go back and prepare. Lao Bai, when will we set off? Or in three days?" The current frontline commander It's Bai Yan, but in fact, if it comes to fighting, Bai Yan can command the entire army, so Wen Wenhai would ask him like this.

Baiyan nodded and said: "Yes, after three days, we will set off after Shenshi. I will travel as long as possible. In these three days, we can let the disciples who participated in the war summarize their experiences and put them into practice." Experience, tell those disciples who want to participate in the war, so that they will be prepared. Anyway, the Kun who appears this time is the same as the last time, there will be no difference, their experience is still very important."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, that's it, let's go down and get ready." Everyone agreed, then they all stood up, saluted to Wen Wenhai, then turned around and left. They had to Go back to your place, because they have a lot to do.

Bai Yan and the others returned to the frontline headquarters. When they arrived at the frontline headquarters, Bai Yan said to Gu Yuanzheng: "Lao Gu, what do you think will be the outcome of our next battle? Will it be possible to pit three against one? Is it a bit too risky?" Although Bai Yan had always acted very calmly before, he was still a little unsure in his heart.

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "There is nothing to worry about. There is actually not much difference between three against one and five against one. After all, the enemy this time is that kind of Kun, and there is no need to worry about it." He is not a real monk. If he were a monk, he might be in danger, but Kun, there is no danger."

Sheng Si said: "Yes, if you are a monk, there will be some danger. After all, monks also have various methods, and the attack power of ordinary monks is much stronger than the defense power. These Kuns are different. Although the current attack power of these Kuns is not weak, their defense power is actually stronger. That is to say, generally speaking, the attack power of Kun is stronger than the defense power, so we send them up. Three people or three people, the difference is actually not that big.”

Baiyan nodded and said: "I know that's the case, but I still feel a little unsure. That's all, let's see what the situation is. Let's rest. We'll know what's going on after three days when we attack." After saying that, he rolled his eyes. After closing their eyes, Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si looked at his appearance and found a place to practice on their own.

Soon, three days passed. During these three days, the five billion disciples who had participated in the battle had all shared their experiences with the disciples who were about to participate in the battle. They had already told these Disciples who are about to join the battle should use more Buddha power and listen more to the opinions of the incarnations outside themselves.

The reason why Liu Xingchen was able to defeat those Kuns so quickly before was because he listened to the opinions of his external avatar, so he was able to choose the most correct fighting method in the shortest time, so he was able to defeat those Kuns so easily. , he naturally shared this opinion with all his disciples.

The Blood Killing Sect disciples who wanted to participate in the battle did not object after hearing this opinion. They knew very well that those disciples would not harm them. The opinions they summarized must be based on their experience in the last battle. , the summary will definitely be very useful to them, so they are also working hard to digest and learn.

However, the time for them to study was not long. There were only three days. After three days, all the disciples were ready and waited quietly. When the time came, the disciples were all ready and waited. As soon as Shen Shi passed, all the disciples set off directly with Bai Yan's order.

Ohmae is still advancing in the situation of the giant sword. The reason why he should advance in the situation of the giant sword is because in this situation, the situation of the giant sword can be advanced and attacked, and retreated and defended. When moving forward, advancing with a giant sword will be faster. At the same time, the giant sword is still around the disciple's body, forming a protective layer. Even if the enemy suddenly attacks, they can command the giant sword to attack immediately. Fight back, even if you can't fight back, this giant sword can still play a protective role, so that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not be killed in one encounter, so when they advance, they always use the power of the giant sword. The reason for advancing the situation is to avoid any unexpected situations and to have a buffer time.