c7497 confidence

The piercing alarm sounded again and again. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect straightened their faces and looked forward with shining eyes. They had been waiting for this moment for some time, especially during this hour. They had been waiting for this moment. They are all waiting. Some disciples with average mental state are already a little anxious. Now that the enemy is finally here, how can they be unhappy.

Baiyan looked at the white eyes that appeared on the screen. He zoomed in on a white dot and took a look. Then he nodded and said: "Yes, those Kuns are the same. It seems that there will be no accidents this time. Let all the disciples prepare and wait." Our order is to attack." Immediately, a staff officer responded and went to deliver the order.

When those Kuns entered within a thousand miles of the Blood Killing Sect, Bai Yan gave an order, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples rushed forward. This time, their formation did not have any formation, just a few people. The group rushed forward. Of course, they did not rush too fast. Everyone still maintained a certain distance from each other, but the formation seemed a bit chaotic.

Baiyan and the others didn't care. Anyway, they didn't want to see the formation of those disciples now, so just let them be. Soon the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect collided directly with those Kuns. As soon as the two sides collided, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately began to attack those Kuns, and those Kuns also began to fight back. Suddenly The light of magic, the golden light of Buddha's power, the light of black lightning, black smoke, the golden light used by Kun to attack, all kinds of light kept flashing, the sound of various energy collisions, and the shouts of disciples came from time to time. , shouts of death, and the roars of those Kuns came from time to time. The entire battlefield seemed so chaotic that it was impossible to see clearly what was going on.

Baiyan looked at the screen steadily. In his eyes, this extremely chaotic battlefield was not like that. He could clearly understand the situation on the battlefield. He divided the entire battlefield into ten parts. The ten pieces were divided into many different small pieces, and he could notice the situation in all the small pieces almost at the same time.

After watching for more than an hour, Bai Yan finally took a breath and said: "I am really worried that our Blood Killing Sect disciples cannot withstand the enemy's attack. Now it seems that there is no need to worry, they have completely withstood the attack." If you can withstand the enemy's attack, it's just a short battle, and I'm afraid it won't be short."

Both Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si took a look at the screen. There were so many densely packed light spots on the screen that they could not be counted. It would make people dazzled just by looking at it. They really didn't believe that Bai Yan could actually see. The situation on the battlefield was clear, so both of them looked at him with some suspicion.

He rolled his eyes at the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "Don't forget my intention, my intention is to have this ability, don't worry, there will be absolutely no problems in this battle, but I am a little disappointed. , up to now, those disciples still have not been able to combine their skills and blessings with their current attacks. If their skills and blessings were combined with their attacks, maybe the time to complete the battle will be longer. Earlier, this means that they have not been able to integrate all their abilities and become part of their own body, which is a little bit behind."

When Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si heard what he said, they didn't say anything. After all, they couldn't see the situation on the battlefield clearly and couldn't express any opinions. They rolled their eyes at the two people and couldn't help but smile and said: "You guys Don't worry about anything. This battle may take longer than the last time, but those Kun are just a few moves. As long as you are careful, there will be no problem. Our disciples have the last battle. With experience, I believe the casualties will be smaller in this battle, so don’t worry." Bai Yan knows the most about the situation on the battlefield, so he dares to say this.

Time passed little by little, and Byakugan's attention was also focused on the battlefield. More than ten hours had passed, and the battle was coming to an end. Just like what Byakugan said, there really wasn't anything. There is nothing to worry about. Those enemies have been destroyed, and the remaining Kun now pose no threat to the tens of billions of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Finally, at the thirteenth hour after the war, they finally wiped out the enemy. All the enemies were wiped out. The Blood Killing Sect won a great victory. After Baiyan and the others settled the disciples who were fighting, Only then did the three of them arrive at the command hall to meet Wen Wenhai and the others.

Wen Wenhai and the others were also waiting for the three of them. When they saw the three of them coming, Wen Wenhai nodded to the three of them. The three of them also found a place to sit down. Wen Wenhai then said: "This time we After a big victory, 30 billion, against 10 billion, we can still achieve such a big victory. This proves that Elder Bai’s previous judgment is correct. The enemy is indeed not as strong as we originally thought. Let’s talk about it. Let’s see what we do next time.”

An elder said solemnly: "This level has been passed. We can reach the core of this layer of interface in just a few times. Of course, we have to move forward. Now it has been proved that our disciples, Even if we are three to one, we can defeat those Kuns, so there is nothing to say, just kill them directly, I really don’t believe that anything else can stop us.”

Wen Wenhai did not speak, but turned his eyes to Wen Wenhai, who looked at Wen Wenhai with his eyes. He knew that Wen Wenhai wanted to hear his opinion, so he was not polite, but said directly: "Our enemy is the shadow. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, and the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan are generally improved based on our weaknesses. We also fought against the previous Dapeng. I don’t know if you have noticed that those Dapeng Their strength is also very powerful, and the strength of those Dapeng lies in their offense. Their offense is stronger than their defense. In this regard, those Dapeng are just the opposite of these Kun. These Kun's defense is stronger than their offense. Now The power of Shadow Clan's law found that they had no way to deal with us with Kun, which has strong defense. I'm worried that they will change the enemy that attacks us to a roc. If that happens, then we have to be careful. A little bit, after all, those big rocs are not that easy to deal with, neither their claws nor their wings are that easy to deal with."

When Bai Yan said this, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but be stunned, and then Wen Wenhai nodded immediately and said: "Yes, if the enemy really changes our opponent to Dapeng, then we must be careful. The attack power of those big rocs is much more powerful than these Kuns, Elder Bai, do you have any ideas?"

Baiyan said solemnly: "Actually, it's useless for us to think about anything now. We have armed ourselves well enough. We have no way of judging what kind of enemy will appear next. We will attack directly and then wait and see. We will see what the enemy shows up and make some targeted adjustments. If the enemy still shows up as Kun, then we can take care of them, because even if those Kuns are powerful, they are nothing special. Because those Kuns are strongest in defense, if it is Peng who attacks us this time, then we must be more careful, Peng's attack power is too strong, and we must make some adjustments."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "That makes sense. Our disciples have been practicing the transformation of force these days. Now a large number of disciples have practiced the transformation of force to the tenth transformation. This makes their attacks more difficult." The power has been greatly increased, Old Ding, what do you think will happen if our disciples face those Peng now?"

Ding Chunming really didn't expect that Wen Wenhai would ask him this question directly. Now when he heard what he said, he was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately replied: "You can keep practicing the changes of force, but the five changes Below, the attack power is not very strong. In this case, you are a beginner. But when you reach the ten changes, even if you are a beginner, it already has a strong blessing effect on the attack. However, the further you go, the more you practice. The harder it is, so now our disciples’ attack power will be strengthened to a certain extent. If we want to get greater strength, we still need to practice hard.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "As long as it can be strengthened, even if we face Peng this time, there is nothing to worry about. The strength of those Peng has increased, and the strength of our Blood Killing Sect disciples has also increased. The reason why we felt a little difficult when fighting against those Peng before was because we didn't know the weaknesses of those Peng at the time. Now if we really fight against those Peng, we don't necessarily know what to eat. Damn, don’t forget, the revolving sword wings on our disciples’ armor not only attack the enemy, they are also very helpful for the disciples’ acceleration, turning, and fighting.”

Baiyan nodded and said: "The reason why those big rocs are difficult for us to deal with is firstly because of their speed, and secondly because of their attack power. In fact, our disciples' use of wings has always been very rare, but I really think that we can fight those big rocs and let our disciples understand the benefits of those wings during the battle, so that they will remember them, and they will know how to use those wings in the future."

"I think it's feasible, so it's settled. Do you have any opinions? If not, let's adjourn the meeting. Remember, there were several times when we were close to victory. Now we have only one way to go. If we can move forward, all enemies standing in front of us will be torn apart by us." Wen Wenhai said solemnly.

Everyone responded with a roar, and then they all stood up, turned around and left. They knew very well that from the moment they entered the black and white battlefield, they had no way out. They could only move forward and walk out. , they will go one step further and enter the Wanshan Realm, and then they can enter a higher interface from the Wanshan Realm. If they cannot get out, then they will be trapped and die here.

They believe that they can definitely get out because they are the Blood Killing Sect, because their sect leader is Zhao Hai, and because their sect leader is invincible. The black and white battlefields and the eight realms of Tianlong are just for the Blood Killing Sect. Where they come to train troops, they will definitely be able to go out, they will definitely be able to do so.