c7498 core

Bai Yan looked at the screen in front of him, his eyes couldn't help but shrink slightly, and then he said: "I guessed it right, it turned out to be Peng, I really didn't expect it." Although Bai Yan said before, what they faced this time , it might be Peng, but that was just a guess on his part, and he wasn't very sure. But he didn't expect that he actually guessed it right, and it was actually Peng who appeared this time.

Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si also looked at the screen and found that a white spot on the screen had been enlarged, and what was displayed on the enlarged white eye was indeed a roc. This roc was about a hundred meters long. , had four claws on his abdomen, and three pairs of wings on his back. These three pairs of wings could not be put together, and they just kept waving on his back. However, the speed of these big rocs was so fast. It was far beyond their imagination. At this time, the big rocs were almost flying within a thousand miles of their army. In a few breaths, they had already passed a distance of nine thousand miles. This speed was indeed Very amazing.

"Fight!" Bai Yan's voice shouted suddenly. Following his voice, the staff officers immediately passed on all the orders. Then the entire Blood Killing Sect started to move and moved forward to kill. In the past, they had already received orders. If Peng came this time, they must pay attention to dodge when facing those Peng, because the speed of those Peng was much faster than those of Kun.

Soon the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had rushed in front of the rocs. The mouths of those big rocs opened and golden light shot straight towards the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. And those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, But with a movement of his body, he passed by those golden lights. Although the speed of those golden lights was very fast, the wings of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not in vain. During such a small range of flickering, that The speed is also very fast.

Then the wings behind the big rocs moved violently, and countless black smoke flew out from their wings, directly covering the entire battlefield. In the black smoke, there was no sound. There were bursts of whistling sounds, as if a strong wind was blowing.

As soon as he heard this voice, Gu Yuanzheng's expression couldn't help but change. He said solemnly: "The extremely cold ice wind is not easy to deal with. In the past, we used the Gangfeng of the Gangfeng Tree clan to deal with this extremely cold ice wind. , this time we don’t have the help of the Gangfengshu clan, how are we going to deal with this extremely cold ice wind?”

Bai Yan said solemnly: "Don't worry, the reason why the Gangfeng Tree clan can release the extremely cold ice wind is because they have the Gangfeng Tree magic circle in their bodies, and the Gangfeng Tree magic circle has been cracked by us long ago. This time Before the battle, I have also informed all my disciples that if we are facing Dapeng, we must pay attention to their extremely cold ice wind. If those Dapeng really use extremely cold ice wind to deal with us, then they will also have to pay attention to their extremely cold ice wind. Use Gangfeng to deal with those big rocs, don't worry, nothing will happen."

When Gu Yuanzheng heard what he said, he couldn't help but nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I'm still a little worried, let's help these disciples, let's put some Mantian Fire over there, and use the Buddha's power in the Mantian Fire , how about dispersing the black smoke so that the fight will be easier?"

Baiyan nodded and said: "Okay, we still need the necessary support. Come on, send the order, the sky is filled with fire, and a volley of fire." The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. Following the staff officer's order, The Sky-Fire in the Blood Killing Sect immediately fired a round on the spot, and countless Sky-Fires smashed straight into the black smoke.

After those sky-filled fires entered the enemy's black smoke, they immediately exploded. Countless Buddha powers rose directly in the black smoke. In the blink of an eye, all the black smoke disappeared. Seeing this situation, Gu Yuanzheng and the others couldn't help but smile.

After the black smoke disappeared, Bai Yan let out a sigh. Both Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si looked at him in confusion. Gu Yuanzheng even said: "What's wrong? What's wrong?" The relationship between Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan It was very good. The two of them had worked together for a long time and spent a lot of time in contact with each other, so Gu Yuanzheng had to be more polite when talking to Bai Yan.

Bai Yan said in a deep voice: "Have you noticed? The number of those Dapeng seems to be much less." As he said this, he pointed at the screen. When he heard what he said, Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si couldn't help but turn their gazes. After looking at the screen, they found that the white dots on the screen seemed to be reduced a lot. This made both of them stunned, and then both looked at them with puzzled eyes. In such a short period of time, there were so many fewer white dots. ? Was this really what those disciples did? Can't?

At this time, Bai Yan kept staring at the screen. After a while, he smiled slightly and said: "Hahaha, I really didn't expect that those Kuns before had strong defense and low attack power, but now these Dapeng have low defense and low attack power. They are powerful, but their attack power may not be able to break the defense of our Blood Killing Sect, but because their defense is lowered, it is actually easier for our Blood Killing Sect disciples to attack them, hahahaha , it’s really interesting.”

When Bai Yan said this, although Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si still couldn't see the situation on the battlefield, they were relieved. Now they finally understood what Bai Yan meant. The attack power of those big rocs was strong, but the Blood Killing Sect The defense power of the disciples is not weak at all. The defense of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect not only relies on armor and magic weapons, but also the power of the Buddha, and the power of the Buddha is also the nemesis of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so those Dapeng wanted to use the power of Shadow Clan's laws to deal with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but he made a mistake.

Although the golden light spitting out from the mouth of the big roc cannot be regarded as the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and the extremely cold ice wind cannot be regarded as the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, the golden light will not turn when it is emitted. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not slow either. They can dodge most of the time. Even if they can't avoid it, nothing will happen. Buddha's power can also block the golden light. When the time comes, the Blood Killing Sect disciples can avoid it. The disciples can break free from the golden light on their own, and nothing will happen.

As for the extremely cold ice wind, it is even easier to deal with. As Bai Yan said, the Blood Killing Sect has cracked the Gangfeng Magic Array long ago, and has improved the Gangfeng Magical Array. Now the Blood Killing Sect Each of the disciples actually has the Gangfeng Magic Array on their body. As long as they have a thought, the Gangfeng Magical Array will be activated and send out a large amount of Gangfeng. If the Gangfeng fights against the extremely cold ice wind, of course they will also Don't worry about anything anymore.

It is precisely because of these methods that the performance of those Dapeng in front of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is not even as good as those of Kun. Those Kuns have strong defense, and in the hands of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they can at least be The defense power of those Peng's will last for a while, but it is not as good as those of Kun. Therefore, against those Peng, the attacking power of the Blood Killing Sect disciples will have more room to display, so those Peng's dead ones will , but more.

This time the battle only lasted about five hours, and all 100 million Dapeng were wiped out. There really was nothing to summarize this time. Although Baiyan and the others went to have a meeting again, they only said a few words. , and then returned to the front line. They were preparing for the next attack. If nothing unexpected happens next time, it will be one billion Dapeng. Although the combat power of these Dapeng, in the eyes of Bai Yan and others, is just that. That's right, but this doesn't mean that those Dapeng pose no threat at all to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. There are still threats, so you must be careful.

Three days later, the Blood Killing Sect advanced again, and then they also encountered the attack of Dapeng. This time, what came out was really a billion Dapeng, and they successfully took down all the billion Dapeng. After being dealt with, although the number of those big rocs was large, they did not pose much of a threat to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

After this battle, the Blood Killing Sect did not even hold a post-war summary meeting because there was really no need. Originally, they thought that it would be more difficult for them to deal with those big rocs, but they did not expect that they felt It was easier to deal with, which made everyone breathe a sigh of relief, which made it even more relaxed.

In the third war three days later, there was no change. Those big rocs really used blood to kill the disciples of the sect. There was nothing they could do. Although ten billion rocs were dispatched this time, these rocs faced The 30 billion Blood Killing Sect's army still failed to win. Even Ding Chunming and the others didn't take action and just took care of all the big rocs.

After this battle, Baiyan and the others came to the command hall. This time they were going to hold a summary meeting. When the three of them arrived at the command hall, they found that everyone else had arrived, except for them. Baiyan and the others looked at everyone. He nodded, and then directly found his seat and sat down.

After they sat down, Wen Wenhai also said: "Okay, everyone has been quiet for a while. This time we have a meeting, not to summarize, because there is really nothing to summarize from the previous battle. I just want to Let's talk about what everyone thinks about our next battle. Lao Bai, you are the commander-in-chief of the front line. You should speak first." After saying this, he rolled his eyes, obviously I want to hear Byakugan's opinion.

Baiyan was not polite, he stood up, saluted everyone, and then said: "I calculated the distance we traveled in the recent period, and I feel that we should be close to the Garuda Realm. It’s the core area, and the further here, the more dangerous the place is. I don’t know what kind of enemy will appear next, but I can be sure that it will be the most difficult to deal with.”

When everyone heard what he said, they all nodded and rolled their eyes. What he said was very reasonable. They also secretly calculated that they were moving very fast these days. The distance they had traveled before moving on, they should be almost there now. They have entered the core area of ​​the Garuda Realm. At this time, they have to be more careful, because the core area of ​​an interface is often the most dangerous place. In the Garuda Realm, regardless of whether it was used before No matter how to deal with him, the strongest defense will definitely stay here, so they must be careful here, otherwise they may really be in danger.