c7493 Easy to learn but hard to master

When Sheng Si heard what Bai Yan said, he couldn't help but said thoughtfully: "So, the meaning you understand is about spiritual power, but it is different from mine. The meaning I understand is about the formation. The understanding and control of the law, and what you understand is the overall situation and the discovery of weaknesses?"

Baiyan nodded and said: "Yes, it's about spiritual power. In fact, I didn't expect to realize such a meaning. To be honest, I never thought that there would be such a meaning in this world, but now Once I understand it, I feel pretty good, so it will be more convenient when commanding battles in the future."

Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng both nodded. The meaning of Bai Yan should not only be that simple, not just the overall view and weakness discovery, but should be more used in combat. There must be other things in combat. Some blessings, but the two most important points should be these two.

Baiyan then sighed softly: "Three thousand avenues, three thousand avenues, this is really true. Before this, who could have imagined that there would be such an intention in the world, but now this intention is I was really surprised that I learned it, and it also made me understand that indeed, any method, as long as you reach the extreme, can become the Tao."

Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng both nodded. They had only recently realized the meaning, so they had a better understanding of the Three Thousand Avenues. What Bai Yan said was not wrong at all. Any method, as long as you do your best, will be successful. You can become the Tao, the Tao that belongs to you alone. As long as you keep walking, you can expect eternal life.

Bai Yan just sighed, and casually gave orders to the staff officers next to him, asking those staff officers to inform the disciples below on what method to use in the next attack. He also told them to wait for the notification later. The notification has arrived. , they have to enter the real illusion in batches to learn the changes in power. After learning it, they will use it in the next battle. This is what makes them change their attack methods.

After hearing the news, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were a little surprised, but they didn't say anything. There were new things to learn, so of course they wouldn't be disgusted. As for changing the attack method in the next battle, From their point of view, it was nothing special. It was not like they had never fought against those Kuns before. They used giant swords to attack them, but they could just destroy those Kuns faster.

More than an hour after the notification went out, Gu Yuanzheng and the others received the notification that Ding Chunming had finished making the projection. They could let the disciples enter the real illusion to study. Naturally, the disciples would not object. Entering the real illusion, I began to learn how to change the force.

Not only those disciples are learning, but people like Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng are also learning how to change their own power. They know very well that if they can really change their power, then their The combat effectiveness will also become stronger, which is very important to them.

Ding Chunming is good at teaching. He taught many disciples. Later, he taught almost all the specially trained disciples. Therefore, he was actually very experienced in teaching his disciples. He taught how to make changes in force and used The simplest method is taught to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. First it is theoretical, and then it teaches you how to learn this method.

In fact, it is very simple to say. The change of force lies in one word, and that is practice. You have to practice all kinds of force to make it an instinct of your body, and you can use it at will. , start with one kind of force, and then add another kind of force, first practice these two kinds of force, and then add more force, practice it bit by bit, when you get it, you can hit it casually, You can find out the five forces, and then you have a preliminary grasp of the changes in force.

As for the upper limit of changes in force, there is no upper limit. At least Ding Chunming has not discovered yet that he can now produce dozens of forces with one blow, but he is still practicing, and he can still make changes in force, and these changes , will still make his strength stronger.

So it is actually not difficult to learn the changes in force. The difficulty lies in how much you can master, because every time you add another force, you have to go through countless practices. Every time you add a force, it is equivalent to letting you There are countless combinations of changes in force, so it is actually very difficult to master the changes in force.

To put it simply, the change of force is actually a method that is easy to learn but difficult to master. It is very easy to learn, but if you want to master the change of force, you have to rely on your continuous practice. It relies on this kind of hard work. , Ding Chunming is still practicing every day, let alone others.

It is very simple to teach, but I believe there are not many people who can continue to practice it. However, as long as those disciples can learn this method, they will always understand the benefits of this method after many battles in the future. , so Ding Chunming only needs to teach them. It depends on them how well they can achieve it.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not stupid, they are all smart. They know very well that what Ding Chunming teaches must be the most useful thing, because Ding Chunming’s strength is there, what he teaches How could things not be taken seriously? In the following two days, the Blood Killing Sect disciples worked hard to practice the changes in force. Of course, when they practiced, they mostly practiced in real illusions, so that they could There is a lot more time for practice.

It was finally time to attack again. Now Bai Yan has become the frontline commander. Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si are also here. However, the two of them can only be regarded as Bai Yan's deputies now, but they have no objection at all. , on the contrary, they felt that it was most appropriate to let Bai Yan take command.

Baiyan calculated the time. Just after Shen Shi, he immediately ordered to advance with all his strength. Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect army began to advance with all its strength. As the Blood Killing Sect disciples advanced, they still moved forward. His external incarnation turned into a giant sword, and then he rode the giant sword forward.

They are not a small team or a squadron like before, but the captain turned the magic weapon into a large magic weapon, and then everyone sat inside and rushed together. Now each of them is driving a giant sword, In this way, they can become more familiar with their external incarnations, and it can also provide them with a better training environment.

When a person stays in their own giant sword, as long as they are not attacked, the light brain on their external body can completely control the flying of the giant sword, and when the giant sword flies, it only needs the energy support of the Yin and Yang Thunder Pool. , so they are sitting in a car that can drive autonomously. They can do whatever they want without worrying about external matters. As long as they get to the place, they will receive a notification and prepare for it when the time comes. Just fight.

Baiyan stood in front of the radar screen, looking at the advancing formation of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, nodded and said: "Speaking of which, the light brain in this incarnation is really good. Look at the strength of our army now. Even if the formation is commanded by the disciple himself, it may not be possible to achieve this. It is really very good."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yes, these optical brains are really good at helping in combat, but if you really want to talk about it, during battle, they may still be a little slow in reacting to the battlefield, and they seem a bit slow. It’s rigid, but this is already very good.”

Baiyan said in a deep voice: "This is already very good. If the optical brain can do everything very well and react very quickly, then this optical brain will no longer be an optical brain. By that time, what will it be? Should we be the main player or should the optical brain be the main player? It’s hard to say, so in this situation, it’s pretty good.”

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said nothing, but Sheng Si said: "The role of this optical brain is indeed very great, but this optical brain was originally a biological brain. After we refined it, it finally became a It is a special magic weapon of ours, and it is also a natal magic weapon, so it can also be said that this optical brain is a part of our body. It should not happen like what Elder Bai said. I believe my adoptive father should have thought of it a long time ago. That’s it.”

When Bai Yan heard what Sheng Si said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "I also believe that the sect master will definitely be prepared for this. Otherwise, with the ability of those optical brains, they will definitely turn against the guests. And for such a long time, there has been no appearance. In this situation, this should be the method of the sect leader, but I still think that what we learn by ourselves is our own, and we should not rely too much on the optical brain.

Sheng Si said in a deep voice: "That's right. That's what my foster father said from the very beginning. He has always felt that we should rely on ourselves instead of relying on the optical brain. However, it is still possible to use the optical brain for some assistance. Because that would be very convenient." Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan both nodded, it was indeed true, it would indeed be very convenient to use the light brain to help them practice.

The three of them chatted while paying attention to the continuous advancement of the army. They all knew that they should not encounter enemies now, so they did not pay too much attention to it. Finally, the topic turned to the change of force. Regarding this point Son, Sheng Si actually has a lot of say. Among the three, he has the best relationship with Ding Chunming, and he also knows Ding Chunming the best. He also knows the changes in force that Ding Chunming mentioned. I have learned it before, but I didn't practice it too seriously. Now I feel a little regretful.

Both Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng asked Sheng Si about some changes in power, and Sheng Si also told them everything he knew. In fact, Sheng Si did not know more than what Ding Chunming said in his projection. On the contrary, There are still very few, because when Ding Chunming taught him those things, he was not very enthusiastic, so Ding Chunming did not teach him too much.

After Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng learned about this situation, they also felt very sorry. Although the method taught by Ding Chunming seemed very ordinary, it was actually very powerful when used well. When there was such a good opportunity, Sheng It’s really a pity that Si didn’t learn. 8)