c7490 Variety

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. This day should have been the time to attack, but there was no movement at all. Although all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were on guard, there was no intention to attack. It means, because they already know the plan of the ancient expedition and know that they will not attack today. Let's see how the enemy reacts, especially when the time comes, to see if the enemy will attack them.

Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si also came to the radar screen at this time and waited quietly. They really wanted to know whether the enemy would come today. If the enemy came, then they would have to kill these enemies. After destroying them, they will start to attack. If the enemy does not come, then they will make other arrangements.

Time passed little by little. For the people of the Blood Killing Sect, this day seemed to be very long, because everyone was waiting for Shen Shi's arrival. Even Wen Wenhai and the others were the same. Waiting for the arrival of the Shen Shi, when the Shen Shi comes, everything will come to fruition.

Shen Shi finally arrived, but nothing happened, and there was no enemy. However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not relax at all. They all knew that even if the enemy attacked them, they would not necessarily be on time at Shen Shi. Instead of attacking them, they will attack them at around two quarters of an hour, so they have to wait for another two quarters of an hour.

Two quarters of an hour later, the alarm did not sound, which meant that the enemy did not appear. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect breathed a sigh of relief, and Gu Yuanzheng also breathed a sigh of relief. Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "It seems that the enemy should be here today. We are not coming to attack. Everyone is very nervous today. Let's let everyone rest for a day. After the time tomorrow, we will start the second step of the plan and arrange for the disciples to rest. However, the vigilance must be done well. Absolutely not Something went wrong."

The staff officer responded and immediately went to make arrangements. At the same time, he also told Wen Wenhai that the attack would start after the official time tomorrow. Wen Wenhai didn't say anything, but just agreed to the plan of the ancient expedition. The Blood Killing Sect then It became quiet again, as if the tense atmosphere of today had completely disappeared.

The next day was still uneventful, and no enemy showed up until Shen Shi. As soon as Shen Shi passed and saw that no enemies appeared, Gu Yuanzheng stopped waiting. He gave the order directly and had already made preparations. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately began to move forward.

This time, their advancement is the same as last time. They use individuals as a unit, turning their external bodies into giant swords, and then directly advance forward with all their strength. This way, their speed will be much faster. Although they can’t use it if they set off now. How long will it take for the sky to get completely dark, but to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, this is nothing at all. The place is so big anyway, so you only need to push forward with all your strength, and there is no need to think so much.

This time everyone was still very fast, and a few hours passed without realizing it. Slowly, the sky began to get brighter, and soon Mao hour arrived. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect became nervous. We know that the enemy may attack at this time, but it is really hard to say whether they will attack them, but they must also be prepared to fight.

Just as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were on full alert, Mao hour arrived, but they still did not see an enemy. Soon, the two quarters of Mao hour passed, and they still did not encounter an enemy. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect worried. They couldn't help but cheer for a while, because they knew very well that the enemy had not appeared at this time, which meant that the enemy might not attack them at Mao hour, and they still had several hours to advance. It also means that the distance they advance for the first time in the future will become longer.

Gu Yuanzheng also let out a long sigh, and then he turned to Sheng Si and said: "It seems that we succeeded. The enemy did not come to attack us, so we can push forward with all our strength. I believe that it will not take us a few times. Once we reach the core of the Garuda Realm, as long as we kill that guy, we will have passed the level of the Garuda Realm."

Sheng Si also nodded with a smile on his face and said: "Yes, we are indeed going to pass the Garuda Realm, and then after taking down the remaining two interfaces, we can merge the realms. , as long as these interfaces are integrated into the Xuanwu space, we can leave here and enter the Wanshan Realm. I really can't wait."

Gu Yuanzheng also laughed and said: "Yeah, I can't wait too. I really want to see what the people in Wanshan Realm will do when they see our Blood Killing Sect suddenly appear. What kind of reaction, hahahaha, I believe their expressions at that time will be very exciting."

Sheng Si also smiled slightly, then he glanced at the screen and said in a deep voice: "Now let's all move forward with all our strength. I just don't know what kind of enemy we will encounter this time. Our current situation, but in our The best of all expectations, I hope the enemy we encounter this time won’t be too strong.”

Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "The enemy we expected this time should not be too weak. Don't forget, the strongest guy here in the Garuda Realm took action last time. The people they sent this time should be It won't be too weak." For the owner of the halberd, Gu Yuanzheng still has lingering fears.

Sheng Si said in a deep voice: "We are not that strong even if we are strong. Let us take a period of rest an hour or half an hour in advance to let the disciples recover. With this hour of rest, their strength will not be able to do anything. If you recover a little, even if you can't return to your strongest state, I'm afraid it won't be too bad."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "That's enough. Let's rest an hour in advance and move forward with all our strength." His last words were spoken to the staff officer next to him, who responded, He went directly to deliver the order, and the Blood Killing Sect's advance speed increased.

Time passed very quickly, and several hours passed in the blink of an eye. The Blood Killing Sect was moving very fast. They had already traveled more than 100,000 miles, and the time had also reached the end of the day. After the end of the day, they could It was Shenshi, that is, the time when the enemy would appear, so Gu Yuanzheng directly ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to start resting in place, waiting for the arrival of the enemy.

Those people really did not disappoint them. At two o'clock in the morning, the alarm sound spread throughout the entire Blood Killing Sect army. All the Blood Killing Sect disciples immediately knew that the enemy was coming, and they all He was ready to fight at any time, and Gu Yuanzheng was also looking at the screen at this time. He wanted to see what kind of enemy would come out this time.

When Gu Yuanzheng saw the enemy that appeared this time, he was stunned. The enemy that appeared this time was still Kun, but the Kun that appeared this time was very different from the Kun he had seen before. Kun appeared this time. Although he still looked like a fish, he looked even more ferocious.

The Kun who appeared this time was more than two hundred meters long. His head was still very big, but there were three horns on his head. These three horns were arranged in a glyph shape, and each horn was more than ten meters long. , like huge spears, and their mouths also have very sharp teeth, which look like sharp daggers.

In addition to these, their bodies no longer have something like cuticles, but have patches of scales. These scales are all black and shiny, like metal scales. Same, it looks very scary, and you can tell at a glance that its defense is very strong.

In addition to scales, this kind of Kun also has two things growing on its body. One is fins like wings. This Kun is on both sides of its front abdomen. Each fin is more than thirty meters long. , like two wings, and when he flows, his two fins move, and their bodies rush forward, very fast.

In addition to these two huge fins, these kun also have a long tail. Their tail looks like a long knife. A tail can be dozens of meters long. At the tail There are actually some bone spurs growing on it, and when the tail swings, it looks very vicious. If it is really hit by such a tail, it will be seriously injured even if it is not dead.

"Good guy, how did these Kuns become like this? This is really scary." Sheng Si looked at the screen and said in surprise. He really didn't expect that these Kuns would become like this. From the looks of it, you can tell at a glance that this kind of Kun is very powerful, his attack power is even more powerful, and he is absolutely difficult to deal with.

As soon as Gu Yuanzheng saw these Kun, he said coldly: "The defense has been strengthened, and the attack power has also been strengthened. I just don't know if the golden vortex in their mouths has also been strengthened, but it has also been strengthened. Then It's definitely not easy to deal with. Send an order, all disciples must be careful, and each team must cooperate well. Also, write a letter to Elder Ding and Elder Wen and tell them that we may have to attack this time, so go ahead. "

Immediately, a staff officer responded and went to deliver the order. Then Gu Yuanzheng turned to Sheng Si and said, "It seems that our last attack may have stimulated those guys. Otherwise, they won't change." In this situation, no matter what happens, we must eliminate all these guys."

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "Of course, no matter what, we have to deal with all those guys. I will prepare now and take action soon. I really don't believe it. These guys can How about killing our sect with blood?" After saying this, Sheng Si moved and left the command hall directly.

Gu Yuanzheng directly analyzed the appearance of these Kuns, and could analyze the appearance of these Kuns through the optical brain, and roughly judge the combat effectiveness of these Kuns. This is also an ability of the Blood Killing Sect Guangnao, but it is also the ancient Yuanzheng only discovered it recently. He really didn't know that the optical brain had this ability before. Now he finally knew that he used it immediately, and he also felt that this ability was really powerful. For The battle situation will also have a certain impact.