c7495 Accident

As soon as Kun died, all the black smoke around him disappeared. Liu Xingchen also saw the situation clearly at this time, and saw several of his friends holding weapons and looking around in surprise. Liu Xingchen laughed loudly and said: "Hahaha, okay, great, this guy has been killed by us. Let's go help Lao Rong and the others." After saying that, he moved and walked straight to the side. Kun rushed over, and the other end of Kun was also covered by black smoke, making it difficult to see what was going on inside. However, Liu Xingchen and the others dived directly into the black smoke without even thinking about it.

As soon as they entered the black smoke, Liu Xingchen and the others all lit up with golden light, dispersing all the black smoke around them, but they still didn't see Kun there, Liu Xingchen said in a deep voice. : "Everyone, be careful. We must find a way to disperse all the black smoke. Let's do this. We can just engrave scriptures on the metal balls, then activate them with Buddha's power, and throw them into the black smoke." among them, so as not to accidentally hurt Lao Rong and them."

Several people all responded, and then they all waved their hands, and a metal ball appeared in their hands. Then the metal ball lit up brightly and turned into a shining golden iron ball. Then they put the iron ball in their hands. The ball was thrown forward, and all the black smoke was dispersed wherever the iron ball passed.

As soon as the black smoke was dispersed, Liu Xingchen and the others saw clearly what was happening in front of them. They saw several people in front of them, surrounding a Kun, who kept attacking. The Kun also kept using lightning and golden light. He and Tail attacked those people. Although the strength of those people was not weak, they were obviously not as powerful as Liu Xingchen. They did not learn the changes in power beyond the ten changes, so they did not do much damage to the Kun Institute. big.

Of course, this does not mean that they cannot hurt Na Kun, but the damage they did to Kun is not great. If they want to kill Na Kun, it will take them longer. As soon as Liu Xingchen saw this situation, he immediately shouted and rushed over. The others did the same and they all rushed over.

The few people who were besieging Na Kun also heard Liu Xingchen's voice. They turned around and saw expressions of surprise on their faces. One of them, a monk with a thin appearance and an indifferent expression, also flashed in his eyes. There was a hint of surprise, and then he said: "Old Liu, why are you here?"

"Hahahaha, Lao Rong, I usually ask you to practice more, but you just don't listen. You always say that power is a symbol of strength. What about now? Is it no longer possible? Look at me." Liu Xingchen laughed. Then he rushed to Na Kun's side, and then stabbed Na Kun in the body with a shot.

boom! Kun's body seemed to have exploded from the inside, and a big hole was blown out. Kun also screamed and began to swing his body wildly, and his tail swung directly towards Liu Xingchen. Obviously Na Kun also realized that Liu Xingchen was the enemy that threatened him the most.

However, Liu Xingchen now had experience. When he saw that he moved, his body actually went directly into the big hole that he had stabbed before. Then he shot again and there was another bang, and the big hole was even deeper. , and at this time the tail also swung there, but because Liu Xingchen was in the big hole, it could not attack him at all.

boom! There was another muffled sound, and the big hole that Liu Xingchen made was deeper. Then Liu Xingchen felt the spear in his hand light up. He couldn't help but be overjoyed. The spear thrust forward hard once, and then he heard a muffled sound. , that Kun's body froze, and then turned into black smoke.

Several of his friends were shocked by Liu Xingchen's attack. They never thought that Liu Xingchen would use such an attack method to attack Na Kun's body, and even kill Na Kun in such a short time. He was killed inside, which made them unable to react for a while.

Liu Xingchen turned to look at them, then laughed loudly and said: "How is it? Do you know how powerful it is? This is the change of power taught by Elder Ding. I have only practiced the ten changes, and I already have such power. , if I practice more changes, I will definitely be stronger. After you go back, you must also practice the changes of this force. This thing is really useful. Let's go and help Lao Zhao. .”

Several people looked at each other, and they all saw a look of shock in each other's eyes. Liu Xingchen had only practiced the change of force to ten changes, and he was already so powerful. What if he had really practiced it to dozens of changes? , how powerful it must be, they know that with each change in this power, the lethality is not just as simple as increasing by one point, each change doubles the lethality, so if it really If you have to practice the changes of this power to dozens of changes, the power will be really too great.

But they also knew that now was not the time to talk about this. They immediately rushed into the black smoke next to them. The situation was similar. Now Liu Xingchen and the others had experience, so after entering the black smoke, The iron ball opened the way, dispersed the black smoke, and then attacked.

Baiyan and the others were watching this battle from the headquarters. Of course, they couldn't only see Liu Xingchen and the others. After all, the battlefield was so big that they couldn't focus on just one group of people. They had to observe everyone. The performance of the disciples, and although there are not many disciples like Liu Xingchen on the battlefield, there are also quite a few. Apart from these disciples, other disciples who have not practiced the changes of force to ten changes also perform very well. At least it's much better than Baiyan and the others imagined.

In Baiyan and the others, they thought that this time they asked the disciples to deal with the Kuns in groups of five. There would definitely be a lot of casualties. They were already prepared. If any disciples were covered by the golden light of those Kuns , if you can't escape, someone will come to the rescue immediately. If a disciple is really swept to death by that Kun's tail, then they will immediately snatch the disciple's body back and turn him into a undead clan. , to reduce the number of absolute deaths of disciples as much as possible.

Absolute death is a saying in the Blood Killing Sect. That is to say, if a disciple is completely swallowed by the enemy, they cannot be resurrected. They are truly dead. This is called absolute death. Baiyan and the others specially formed a rescue team. This rescue team was all composed of puppet disciples from the sect. They were specifically responsible for rescuing those disciples who were covered by the golden light, or snatching the corpses of the disciples. return.

But what surprised Baiyan and the others was that the performance of those disciples was actually very good. It was beyond their expectation. They really didn't expect that the performance of those disciples would be so good. The number of deaths was far lower than theirs. In my imagination, it seems that without the battle formation, the disciples' tactics are more flexible and they can deal with the enemy as much as they want. In this way, their casualties have become smaller, which Baiyan and the others did not expect at all.

After watching the picture on the screen for a while, Gu Yuanzheng said in a deep voice: "This, isn't this too surprising? Such a situation could happen? Why do I feel that these disciples are attacking those Kun now, as if they are fighting together?" During the formation, they were more flexible. If the fight continued like this, they could kill these Kuns in ten hours. This was several times shorter than we expected. ah."

Sheng Si also nodded. This result was something he had not expected, and he was also very surprised. At this time, Byakugan said thoughtfully: "I think I know the reason." He paused for a moment, then turned to look at the two of them, and then said: "Let's form a battle formation. During the battle, the disciples are required to act in unison, act uniformly, and cooperate with each other. Only in this way can the power of the battle array be maximized. However, in this way, it is not easy for the characteristics of each disciple to be brought out, and some cultivation levels Disciples with higher cultivation levels must accommodate those with lower cultivation levels. They must suppress their own strength. Even if Tongjin finds a better opportunity, he must suppress it because they cannot act randomly. If they act randomly, , then the entire battle formation would be in chaos, and the impact would be too great, so when those disciples formed the battle formation, they actually suppressed their own talents and their own strength."

He paused for a moment, then said: "But it is different now. Now these disciples have completely let go of their own strength. They only need to cooperate with a few people around them, and that Kun is so big, they can work together, or they can stand alone against Kun, so they can fully bring out their own characteristics. In this way, they will naturally not be criticized by others. The impact and all the combat effectiveness have been exerted, so this situation occurs."

"War formations have their own benefits. When engaging in large-scale battles with the enemy, it is inevitable to use war formations, because war formations can turn the power of tens of millions of people into one force, but we have ignored it. One point, that is, the enemies we are facing now are not people who can form battle formations, or even monks. They are just Kun. Although they have also formed battle formations, their cooperation with each other is actually very little. Basically, they all fight independently. If we deal with them alone, they will also deal with us alone. In this way, we have to use battle formations to deal with them, but in the end we force them and have to unite. If you deal with us, we will suffer a loss, so it is a better choice to use the disciples to spread out and deal with those Kun alone like now."

Upon hearing what he said, Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si both nodded thoughtfully. Those Kuns were indeed like this. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect faced them in groups of five, those Kuns did not look like this. Join forces to deal with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but fight against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect alone. In this way, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can take advantage of their smaller bodies and more flexibility to slowly Those Kuns will be worn to death without paying too much of a price.

Let's put it this way, in the past, the Blood Killing Sect used battle formations to deal with those Kuns, which was a head-to-head confrontation with those Kuns, but now they use their more flexible characteristics to deal with those Kuns, and wear them to death. In this way You are not fighting head-on with the enemy, but using your own advantages to destroy the enemy, which will have a better effect.