c7502 strength

Strangulation game! Now the entire battlefield has turned into a strangulation situation. This strangulation is not the kind of strangulation where the two sides are entangled, but means that one side has formed a meat grinder, while the other side is just meat. The meat is It was impossible to fight against the meat grinder, so he could only be minced slowly.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had completely separated the double-headed eagle cavalry and began to strangle those people. Under such strangulation, the double-headed eagle cavalry had no power to resist. Although they were still They were fighting back, but their attacks were so weak that they did not pose any threat to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

There were more than 100 million double-headed eagle cavalry coming this time, but in the face of the strangulation of billions of Blood Killing Sect disciples, they still had no power to fight back. In the end, they were strangled to death. This battle , which lasted for about five hours in total. In the end, no enemy escaped, and they were all strangled to death.

The reason why I say this is because this time the enemies tried to break out and escape, but unfortunately, none of them could escape and were all killed. This situation has not happened to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect before. Whether they encountered Kun or Peng before, they never ran away. Even though they knew that they could not be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect, they would still rush over and fight the Blood Killing Sect disciples to the last man. , there has never been an escape situation.

But this time, those double-headed eagle knights ran away. From this point, it can be seen that those double-headed eagle knights are indeed more intelligent than the previous Kunpengs. Otherwise, they would not have escaped, nor would they have attacked the Blood Killing Sect at this time.

After this battle, Bai Yan directly told Wen Wenhai that Wen Wenhai and his army should be united with their front army to prepare for the final attack on the enemy at any time. At the same time, more troops were arranged on the front line. The disciples were on alert, and at the same time, they also ordered that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must take turns to rest to ensure their combat effectiveness.

Although Wen Wenhai is said to be the commander of the entire army, he still obeyed Bai Yan's orders at this stage. Wen Wenhai also knew that he might not be as good as Bai Yan in commanding a battle, so he naturally had to obey He rolled his eyes, not feeling uncomfortable at all, because the two of them were actually equal in terms of status.

After arranging these things, Bai Yan smiled at Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng who had returned to him: "I really didn't expect that the other party would attack us so quickly. If we hadn't made some preparations, this would have been We will really suffer a loss once. Even so, our losses this time are not small. We did not expect that the opponent would be a cavalry, and it would also be a roc with two heads."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded and said: "Yeah, I really didn't expect that it would be a queen. The opponent has never had such a queen before. This time it is really dangerous. If we hadn't been prepared in advance , I am afraid that if they really succeed, if they really let them rush into our formation and we are not ready yet, then our losses this time will be too great."

Baiyan said in a deep voice: "Yes, fortunately we are prepared. The enemy's intelligence has been opened. It is not easy to imagine dealing with them like before. But this is fine. If the enemy continues to be the same as before, we can still deal with them." It’s really meaningless, and it might make our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stupid, and that wouldn’t be good.”

Hearing what he said, both Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si laughed. Indeed, fighting with such enemies is fun. Fighting with those enemies who have no brains, even if they are very powerful, fighting with them is difficult. There is no fun in getting up, because you can easily catch their patterns of action, and it is naturally much easier to deal with them.

After a while, the three of them stopped talking and joking, rolled their eyes and said solemnly: "Although the combat effectiveness of these cavalry is not weak, their strength is still very average. It seems that there are no masters among the enemies. Of course, except for the previous The one who has dealt with Xiaosi, that guy is definitely a master, by the way, Xiaosi, how strong is that guy?"

When Sheng Si heard his question, she couldn't help but think about it, and then snorted coldly and said: "She is a little stronger than me, but when it comes to how much stronger, I'm really not convinced. To be honest, I There were still too few opportunities to take action in the past, so I didn't have much experience. Although I had taken action before, I basically destroyed the enemy as soon as I took action. The number of times I fought against evenly matched enemies was really not that many. , so I suffered a secret loss. The other party locked me with Qi machine when he came up, and also took away my momentum, but I didn't react. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been so embarrassed last time. In terms of strength, Say, even if I lose to the opponent, there will be absolutely no problem in escaping from the opponent's hands."

Hearing what Sheng Si said, Bai Yan felt relieved. He knew that although Sheng Si was arrogant, he would not be arrogant about this kind of thing. If he was arrogant about this kind of thing, then he was not arrogant. That is to save face. The arrogance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is not used in this way. The arrogance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is that I know that I am not your opponent, I admit it, but I will practice hard and study hard. Until one day, I surpassed you, and I came to settle accounts with you. This is the arrogance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so if Sheng Si said this, it must be true.

The reason why Bai Yan wants to talk about Sheng Si's strength is actually because he is worried about Zhao Hai's safety. After being in the Blood Killing Sect for such a long time, Bai Yan is very aware of the importance of Zhao Hai to the Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that Zhao Hai is the blood killer. Killing Sect, without Zhao Hai, there would be no Blood Killing Sect. This does not mean that the Blood Killing Sect was established by Zhao Hai, but it means that if anything happens to Zhao Hai, the Blood Killing Sect will be destroyed.

Don't look at the current development of the Blood Killing Sect. There are countless masters, management talents like Wen Wenhai and others, and people like him and Gu Yuanzheng who are good at directing disciples to fight. Zhao Hai seems to have been there for a long time. There is no need to worry about the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect is still operating normally. This seems to mean that the Blood Killing Sect operates the same whether or not Zhao Hai is present.

But Bai Yan is very clear that Zhao Hai is the root of the Blood Killing Sect. In the Blood Killing Sect, there are countless management talents, all of whom are Zhao Hai's servants. The reason why the Blood Killing Sect's logistics is so powerful is also Laura and the others are in charge. The reason why the Blood Killing Sect has been able to reach this day is because Zhao Hai is protecting it. It can be said that Zhao Hai is the foundation of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as Zhao Hai is here, the Blood Killing Sect will always exist.

It is precisely because of this that Bai Yan is very worried about Zhao Hai's safety. He does not know the strength of the master here in Garuda Realm. There are only two people who have fought against that master, one is Sheng Si and the other is Zhao Hai. , he didn’t have the chance to ask Zhao Hai, but he could ask Sheng Si. He had to know how strong the Garuda master was and whether he was Zhao Hai’s opponent. If he was not Zhao Hai’s opponent, then of course everything would be wrong. It's easy to say that if the opponent is stronger than Zhao Hai, then they must be more careful. They must find a way to help Zhao Hai.

But now that he heard what Sheng Si said, he was completely relieved. Although Sheng Si was very powerful, it could even be said that in the Blood Killing Sect, his strength was second only to Zhao Hai and Ding Chunming. He could Ranked third, but taking him and Ding Chunming together, even if multiplied by ten, they cannot be Zhao Hai's opponents. Bai Yan is still very confident about this, and the master of the Garuda world , but he is just a little stronger than Sheng Si, so there is nothing to worry about such a person. Zhao Hai will not waste much effort to destroy him.

So after Bai Yan listened to Sheng Si's words, he nodded and said: "That's good, then there's nothing to worry about, but we can't take it lightly. Now those eagle-faced people seem to be less accepting of the basic laws. In this case, they may attack us at any time, so we’d better be careful.”

Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng both nodded, but they were not too worried. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are always vigilant. In addition, they also have radar. As long as they do not relax their vigilance, the other party will not have any What opportunity, so there is nothing to worry about.

After arranging the rotation of disciples, the entire Blood Killing Sect's army became quiet for a while. But now if outsiders see the Blood Killing Sect's army, they will definitely be killed. Although the Blood Killing Sect's army sees It sounds calm, but the sky above the Blood Killing Sect army is filled with murderous aura. The strong murderous aura makes everyone feel terrified.

The Blood Killing Sect's army is now like a ferocious beast crawling there. When he doesn't launch an attack, you may not feel anything. He will only have murderous intent, but when he really starts hunting At that time, no prey could escape his hunting.

But what surprised Baiyan and the others was that in the following two days, no enemy came to attack them. This surprised them. They thought that the enemy would keep attacking them, but now the enemy has They didn't come, which surprised Bai Yan and the others, but also made them a little disappointed.

But if the enemy doesn't attack them, then they can attack them. The Blood Killer Sect has always been on the offensive side, so under Bai Yan's order, the Blood Killer Sect army began to advance, and the speed of their advance was still very fast. They were very fast, and the way they moved forward was exactly the same as before. All the disciples used their external avatars to turn into giant swords, and then rushed forward directly. In this way, not only were they fast, but they were also able to avoid unexpected situations. time, you can also respond as soon as possible.

Facts also proved that they were right to do so, because just five hours after they set off, a large army came over to kill them, and this large army was an army of eagle-faced cavalry, and there were quite a few of them. Baiyan After calculation, the number of cavalry troops coming this time was about one billion.