c7503 unstoppable

Because the Blood Killing Sect's army was advancing at full speed, and the enemy was also approaching quickly, so after discovering the enemy, the distance between the two sides was quickly approaching. As soon as he saw this situation, Bai Yan immediately ordered: "Send the order , the whole army forms a sword formation and charges with all their strength." He gave this order to let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect not to remove the giant swords they transformed into, but to charge with all their strength with the giant swords.

The reason for giving such an order is because Bai Yan knows very well that although they want to train their disciples to fight alone, they cannot be too rigid. In this case, the two sides are in rapid contact, and only the giant sword formation is the most powerful. It is suitable for such a fighting method. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect remove the giant sword array and directly rush forward to fight in close combat, it will be tantamount to abandoning their martial arts, which is absolutely unacceptable.

Less than five breaths after Bai Yan's order was issued, the two sides had already collided with each other. The giant sword formation of the Blood Killing Sect rushed forward without hesitation. They didn't care what kind of enemy was in front of them. The giant sword of the Killing Sect is blessed with murderous aura, Buddhist power, and intention. This move forward is naturally very understanding. The Blood Killing Sect used this move before to directly take care of those Kuns. Of no temper.

Although those double-headed eagle cavalry are very powerful, they have no good way to face the giant sword array like the Blood Killer Sect. They can cover the giant sword with golden light. At most, they can fix the giant sword there. , it is impossible to swallow the giant sword. The giant sword is too big and powerful, and it cannot swallow the giant sword at all.

If you want to use the extremely cold ice wind to deal with those giant swords, the giant sword has meanings that can fight against the extremely cold ice wind, and there is a Gangfeng magic circle on the giant sword, which can also deal with the extremely cold ice wind. If you want to use the eagle claws to deal with the giant sword, it is useless at all. The power of the giant sword standing in front will directly tear the eagle claws into pieces.

Therefore, when the two sides came into contact, the double-headed eagle cavalry immediately suffered a big loss. Countless double-headed eagles were directly smashed into pieces by the giant sword formation, turned into black smoke and disappeared directly, and the eagle-faced men were also Likewise, facing the giant sword array rushing towards them at high speed, they had no choice but to do anything.

The number of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is still very large. This time they dispatched 60 billion people. The 30 billion people in the front are preparing to fight. The 30 billion disciples behind are actually taking turns to rest. If not half If you encounter those double-headed eagle knights on the road, the thirty billion disciples behind them will not participate in the next war.

But if you meet them on the way, there is nothing to say. Just rush over. Therefore, those two-headed knights are like a stone blocking the front of the Blood Killing Sect army, and they are directly killed by the Blood Killing Sect. The army was kicked to pieces, but the Blood Killing Sect's army didn't even stop and was still advancing.

When he saw this situation, Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help laughing and said: "It's so happy, this is so happy, hahahaha, those double-headed eagle knights still want to block my Blood Killing Sect's army, they are really overestimating their capabilities, but to be honest, This is the most enjoyable battle I have ever fought, I didn’t even stop, I just took care of the enemy as soon as I passed by, it was so enjoyable.”

Bai Yan and Sheng Si also laughed. This battle was really enjoyable. This is the power of the Blood Killing Sect. If all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can do this when they encounter enemies in the future, what will happen? Okay, by that time, the Blood Killing Sect may really be invincible.

This battle took almost no time, because everything was done as soon as they walked through, so how much time could be used, so the speed of their advance did not have much impact, but they only walked ten After about an hour, they stopped and started to set up camp to see if the enemy would come again.

After arranging everything in the camp, Bai Yan called Wen Wenhai and discussed what they should do next. Wen Wenhai meant that after taking a rest, they would move forward in the shortest time. Inside, advance to the core area of ​​the enemy, and then eliminate the enemy in one fell swoop.

But Bai Yan believes that there is no need to be in such a hurry. Although the disciples can rest while on the road, it will take a certain amount of consumption. They have no way to ensure that they are always in the best condition. This is definitely not a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect, so what Bai Yan means is that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can rest here. If an enemy comes to attack, they will kill the enemy directly and rest for two days. Days later, it’s never too late to move forward.

Although Wen Wenhai is the commander-in-chief and Bai Yan is only the former military commander, Wen Wenhai still attaches great importance to Bai Yan's opinions, so he directly orders Bai Yan to do what he wants, and he fully supports it. Wen Wenhai is not worried at all that Bai Yan will take away his power, because he knows very well that in the Blood Killing Sect, power is the most useless thing, because all the power in the Blood Killing Sect is Zhao Hai gave it to you, and Zhao Hai can take it back at any time. As long as Zhao Hai still wants to give you power, no one can take it away. Even if someone wants to take it away, it will only anger Zhao Hai, and in the end Those who are killed must be those who seize power. If Zhao Hai doesn't want to give you power, your previous power will be useless.

As I said before, the world of cultivation is different from the secular world. In the secular world, people cannot live forever, so glory, wealth, and fame through the ages are what they pursue. But in the world of cultivation, it is completely different. In the world of cultivation, monks actually have only one pursuit, and that is immortality. Only immortality is their only pursuit.

Why do some monks pursue power? Because with power, there will be more training materials. With power, you can practice how you want and use whatever you want. It will be one step closer to immortality, so those monks will pursue power.

But the situation in the Blood Killing Sect is different. In the Blood Killing Sect, people who have reached the level of core elders are actually equal in status, and the materials they can use are also equal, so power has For them, it is of no use at all. Now Wen Wenhai actually envies some core elders who don't care much, because they have more time to practice, so power, for Wen Wenhai and the others, There's really no appeal at all.

Precisely because there is no attraction, there is naturally no struggle for power. Bai Yan's command ability is superior to Wen Wenhai, so Wen Wenhai will naturally support Bai Yan. Therefore, in this regard, the Blood Killing Sect There is almost no struggle at the top level.

After Bai Yan received Wen Wenhai's support, he immediately ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to start resting, but at the same time, some people were always vigilant. He even communicated with Ding Chunming and asked Ding Chunming and the others to Be prepared. If the enemy really has a master, then Ding Chunming and the others will be asked to take action.

Ding Chunming and the others naturally agreed. They had only experienced two or three battles after coming out of the time acceleration zone, which made them feel very unhappy. They wanted to participate in a few more battles. With Bai Yan's suggestion, how could they not Agree, so Ding Chunming and the others had no objection at all.

Bai Yan did this just in case. Although they had been fighting the enemy for such a long time and never saw any masters from the enemy appear, they had to be on guard. If the enemy suddenly showed up with some masters, they would At that time, they were not prepared at all, so they would suffer a big loss.

After arranging these, Bai Yan and the others relaxed. Zhao Hai spent so many years of hard work to polish the Blood Killing Sect. It is not that simple anymore. Almost every disciple has experienced hundreds of battles. They know what they should do. They also know very well that as long as they do what they should do, they will have merit, contribution points, exercises, materials, and everything. If they mess around and are disobedient, what awaits them is punishment. Don’t think that the Blood Killing Sect will not punish their disciples. The Blood Killing Sect also abolishes all the disciples’ cultivation, takes back their external incarnations, and takes back their life seeds. , the energy law clone was withdrawn, and the punishment was to be directly beaten into a slave. Such a punishment would be more uncomfortable for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect than killing them.

It is precisely because of this that the disciples who have been killed by blood are very disciplined. As long as there are orders, they will carry out the orders very well and will not act randomly unless they are absolutely sure. No one does anything arbitrarily, and it is precisely because of this that being a commander in the Blood Killing Sect is actually very simple. You hardly need to care about the army below, because the army below will not care about you. Whose, as long as you are the commander, they will listen to you, unless the order you give conflicts with the order given by someone higher up, or your order conflicts with Zhao Hai's order, otherwise, they I won't disobey your orders.

The execution ability of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is very amazing, but the environment of the Blood Killing Sect is very relaxed. It is usually like an academy, where you can learn the best things and get the best training. Materials, if you make a small mistake, no one will blame you. Such an atmosphere can actually easily make disciples feel indulgent. They will like freedom, and people who are too free often have poor execution ability. , but it is very poor.

But the Blood Killing Sect is different. The execution ability of the Blood Killing Sect is very astonishing. The execution power of the Blood Killing Sect’s disciples is better than any other sect, even stronger than the army. Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect can be said to be a sect. The academy can also be said to be an army. When you advance, you become an army, and when you retreat, you become a student. This training method is unprecedented.

But if you want to say that the Blood Killing Sect is a military academy, that’s not the case. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect usually don’t have so many rules in the sect. They can relax very much, but only once they get to the battlefield. , then they are the best soldiers. An organization like this cannot be established in a day or two. Of course, the combat effectiveness of an organization like this is also very terrifying and astonishing.