c7500 hawk-faced man

"Kill!" The two torrents collided together, and a bang was heard. This was not a crashing wave, but it was worse than a crashing wave, because the two forces collided with each other, and their weapons intersected. When the energy and energy intersect, the sound produced is no longer the sound produced when metal meets metal, but a real roaring sound, deafening.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect already knew what kind of enemies came this time, so they were more careful. However, when the two sides collided, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect still discovered that they had underestimated these enemies. These enemies have so much power on their bodies. Although they seem to be only a little over two meters tall, their strength is extremely powerful. That power really seems to be as powerful as Kunpeng. Therefore, in this collision, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect suffered a small loss.

In fact, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are now more adept at using their external incarnations, they can release a lot of the huge power transmitted from the enemy's weapons through their external incarnations. Otherwise, this would They won't just suffer a small loss once, they will definitely suffer a big loss.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were knocked straight back by the eagle-headed men, but the eagle-faced men did not fare well either. Their bodies also felt as if they had been struck by lightning. They trembled a few times and could not move forward. Going a step further, at this time, the other Blood Killing Sect disciples all rushed forward, with weapons in their hands, they directly greeted the eagle-faced men.

The most important reason why those hawk-faced men could not move or pursue them even though they had the upper hand was because of the change in power. The attacks of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all carried changes in power. After a while, the sect disciple discovered that the attacks of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect carried several kinds of forces. Each of these force changes must be resolved before they can continue to pursue. Otherwise, they must resolve the changes in these forces. , they will suffer.

It was precisely because of this that he did not pursue him. Their bodies were trembling in order to dissolve the power in their bodies. But just as they were dissolving the power in their bodies, the attack of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect came at once, and they hurriedly To meet the enemy, but when they met the enemy, there was no way to resolve the power in their bodies. The power in their bodies exploded at once, and they felt a burst of huge pain in their bodies, and then Blood holes were blasted out on their bodies, which also stunned their bodies.

But just as they were having a meal, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already arrived. They deflected their weapons with one blow, and then killed them on the spot with one strike. They looked like those eagle-faced men. , with no ability to resist, it was as if he was killed instantly.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also know that those eagle-faced men must have been affected by changes in power. Otherwise, there would not be blood holes on their bodies. In fact, they are said to be blood holes, but no blood flows out. Some There are only holes with black smoke coming out, but to those eagle-faced people, these may be blood holes.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect continued to attack the eagle-faced men. At this time, the eagle-faced men also discovered the situation of the previous eagle-faced men. They also became vigilant and saw that they had their eagle mouths open. They shot out a golden light, or flapped their wings, and flew out a black gust of wind. Some of them raised their eagle talons, and a black eagle talon with lightning on it attacked directly at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. past.

As soon as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect saw such an attack, they reacted immediately. They had been reminded by the white eyes before, so at this time, they reacted very quickly. They did not just duck and let go of that attack. The main attack was the flash of Buddha's light on his body, which withstood the opponent's attack, and then continued to kill him.

Moreover, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also used the Revolving Sword Wings this time. The Revolving Sword Wings of the Blood Killing Sect are different from ordinary magic weapons. Their revolving sword wings are almost endless. They just put them on a sword wing. If all the spinning swords are released, countless spinning swords will be born immediately, so there is nothing to worry about.

And their revolving swords actually carry the power of Buddha, so this revolving sword is still very powerful against the attacks of those eagle-faced men. Those eagle-faced men do not dare to underestimate them, but compared to those Kun and Peng, he is even more powerful. Flexible, and whether it is golden light, extremely cold ice wind, eagle claws, or black lightning, they use them very well and very flexibly, so all attacks like the Blood Killer Sect are blocked by them Down, it didn't cause much harm to them.

The two sides came together in a melee, and the fight was indistinguishable for a while, but in general, the Blood Killing Sect still had the upper hand, because the number of Blood Killing Sect disciples was more than that of the other side, and the opponent's strength was similar to that of the Blood Killing Sect. Compared with the disciples, they are not necessarily that strong. In addition, there are many more ways to kill the disciples of the bloody sect than those eagle-faced people. Therefore, the two sides come and go, and the fight is very enjoyable. After a while, It's hard to win or lose.

Baiyan looked at the situation on the battlefield and let out a long sigh, then said in a deep voice: "Fortunately, although the strength of these guys is not bad, the number of our disciples is large, and there is no way they can completely overwhelm them with their strength. Our disciples, so they may not be able to get any advantage this time.

Time passed little by little, and the two sides were still fighting, but the eagle-faced people were at a disadvantage. After all, their numbers were not as large as those of the Blood Killing Sect. It was naturally very difficult to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. They were at a disadvantage, so they were slowly suppressed by the Blood Killing Sect.

This battle lasted for about six hours, and finally ended with the Blood Killing Sect completely annihilating the opponent. After the Blood Killing Sect completely wiped out the opponent, Baiyan and the others breathed a sigh of relief and arranged for their disciples to switch defenses. After warning, Baiyan and the others arrived at the command hall.

When they arrived at the command hall, all the other core elders had arrived. After the three of them sat down, Wen Wenhai said: "The enemy who came this time is really humanoid. In other words, Lao Bai's guess was right. It also proves that we are really close to the core area of ​​the Garuda Realm."

Everyone nodded. They had heard all of Byakugan's guesses before, and the enemies that appeared this time were actually humanoid. This made them feel a little surprised by Byakugan. Only at this time did they I found that Byakugan's command ability is indeed amazing.

Wen Wenhai then said: "But we have all seen the fighting power of those eagle-faced men. To be honest, they are not very strong. Our disciples will not suffer too much loss one on one. It will be a draw between the two sides. There is no problem. If time goes on, we, the Blood Killing Sect, will win, so we have nothing to worry about."

But when we got here, Wen Wenhai's face became solemn, and he continued: "But now we are almost reaching the core area of ​​this layer of interface, and we must be more careful, because the master among the enemies, An attack may occur at any time, and we must be prepared to deal with it.”

"The boss said that he will deal with that master, but if that guy suddenly attacks, if the boss is too late to deal with it, we must be prepared to withstand his blow. Although the opponent is very strong, I still can't. I really don’t believe that the opponent’s strength can be stronger than the leader’s strength, so we must withstand the opponent’s attack.”

When Wen Wenhai said this, everyone responded with a roar, just like what Wen Wenhai said, the opponent is very strong, but they really don't believe that the opponent is stronger than Zhao Hai. , they believe that they can withstand the opponent's attack, and they can definitely do it.

Then Wen Wenhai turned to look at Bai Yan and said: "Old Bai, do you have anything to say? Just say it." Now Wen Wenhai attaches great importance to Bai Yan's opinions. He found that Bai Yan is really good at commanding. He was very strong, so he just called him by name and asked Bai Yan to express his opinion.

Baiyan nodded, without being polite, stood up directly, and said to Wen Wenhai and the others: "In fact, I still have something to say, that is to prevent the opponent's formation from the possibility of masters appearing. Although this kind of The situation is not very high, but we still have to be careful. If a master appears in the opponent's formation, a second one may appear. If a master really appears in the opponent's formation, we must be careful, so always Ding, you'd better be prepared at all times and take action against those guys as soon as you find something is wrong."

Ding Chunming nodded. He really had never thought of this. However, they are always ready to take action. Now, they are the strongest in the Blood Killing Sect. As a group, if there is any emergency, they will be the first to respond. Therefore, they have always maintained a very high level of vigilance and can jump into battle at any time.

Bai Yan then said: "I have already set up a warning on the front line. These hawk-faced men are already in human form, and I feel that there is also a trace of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here. In other words, this layer of interface The basic laws are no longer so good at controlling here. We must be more careful. If the enemy is really no longer affected by the basic laws, it means that they can attack us at any time, and we need to be even more careful. ”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's break up then. Let's go back and make preparations. Anyway, we all already know who the enemy is and have thought of ways to deal with it. If anything happens, everyone will pass it by Contact the magic circle. From now on, we will not have a meeting until the outcome of the matter here in the Garuda Realm. Everyone should go back and prepare well. I will also transfer all the disciples of the sect here. , be prepared to deal with any situation, I hope everyone is also prepared and go back."

When everyone heard what he said, they were all stunned, but then they all responded loudly, then turned and left. They rolled their eyes at the three of them and returned to the frontline headquarters, waiting for the battle to come.