c7508 kill

While Zhao Hai and Wen Wenhai were talking, the magic circle had all climbed onto the statue. Speaking of which, the statue was really huge, with a height of about two thousand meters, and the statue's hand The long halberd in it is even more than three thousand meters long. The golden crown on the top of the head is also extremely huge. The vase is even bigger, with a height of even about five hundred meters. It has a round belly and a diameter of more than three thousand meters. 100 meters.

Now the magic circle has all climbed onto the statue, but the talismans still haven't stopped and are still climbing up. In the end, the entire statue, except for the halberd, golden crown and treasure vase, is covered with the talisman. Talisman, these array talismans are like black bugs, squirming on the statue, looking very scary.

After those formation symbols covered the entire statue, the two eagle eyes on the statue suddenly glowed red, and then the statue seemed to come alive, moving its head, and then the wings behind it He also moved, and finally his whole body moved. He held a treasure vase in his left hand and a halberd in his right hand. He moved slowly at first, but in the end his whole body shrank rapidly, and finally turned into A hawk-faced man about two meters tall, and the treasure vase in this hawk-faced man's hand has already flown up and is floating above his head, while his hands are already holding the halberd. , two eagle eyes stared at Zhao Hai, with red light shining in their eyes.

Zhao Hai looked at the person transformed from the statue, then took a deep breath, and then murmured: "It's interesting, it's really interesting. It seems that the things I have always wanted to solve but have not solved can now be solved. , Not bad, it’s really good. From this point of view, I should thank you properly."

The statue looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. Then he opened his mouth and heard the cry of an eagle. Then he moved and rushed towards Zhao Hai. His speed was actually very fast. In the blink of an eye, He had already rushed to Zhao Hai, and stabbed Zhao Hai's throat with the halberd in his hand.

His speed was very fast, as if he was teleporting. He was in front of Zhao Hai in just a flash, and the halberd in his hand had already stabbed Zhao Hai's throat. Such speed, it was obvious to Zhao Hai Wen Wenhai and the others, who were a hundred miles behind them, felt frightened in their hearts. They couldn't help but put themselves in Zhao Hai's position. If they were in Zhao Hai's position, could they escape at this speed? The answer is no. It is impossible for them to dodge at this speed. It is too fast.

The next moment, something happened that made Wen Wenhai and the others' hearts stop beating. They saw the halberd piercing into Zhao Hai's throat. Zhao Hai just stood there without moving. This made Wen Wenhai Hai and the others couldn't help but their eyes were splitting. If something happened to Zhao Hai, they would be doomed.

But immediately they felt something was wrong, because they discovered that although the halberd stabbed Zhao Hai, no blood came out of Zhao Hai. On the contrary, the Zhao Hai who was stabbed slowly disappeared. , which made them all stunned, but they soon figured out that the Zhao Hai who was stabbed was actually just a shadow.

And at this moment, a voice came from behind the eagle-faced man: "It's too slow. Your speed is too slow. Could it be that with the blessing of that magic circle, your speed is still so slow? That's it." It really disappoints me." At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others noticed that Zhao Hai had appeared about ten meters behind the eagle-faced man at some unknown time.

The eagle-faced man seemed to be stunned, and then he immediately turned around and killed Zhao Hai. His speed was still so fast, but after his halberd hit Zhao Hai, he still felt like Nothing hit, and at this time, Zhao Hai's voice came from behind him again and again: "It's still too slow, it really disappoints me."

The eagle-faced man went back again, but Zhao Hai stood at his original position this time, shaking his head while looking at the eagle-faced man. The eagle-faced man's eyes turned redder, and then he saw the top of his head. From the vase above, a golden light suddenly spurted out, and the golden light went straight towards Zhao Hai. At the same time, the eagle-faced man also pounced towards Zhao Hai.

The golden light shield hit Zhao Hai's position, and the halberd also stabbed Zhao Hai, but unfortunately, what he stabbed was still just a shadow. Just when his halberd hit Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai's The figure slowly disappeared, and Zhao Hai's voice also came from behind him: "What a pity, although the treasure bottle in your hand is good, it is still slow. At such a slow speed, you How can you attack people? It’s such a pity that this treasure falls into your hands. It’s a secret shot.”

The eagle-faced man was extremely angry. He screamed angrily, then turned around and rushed towards Zhao Hai. At the same time, golden light was also emitted from the vase. This time, the golden light emitted from the vase was covering all around. Once it passed, everything within a hundred meters around the eagle-faced man was covered in golden light.

The eagle-faced man seemed to be really anxious. He wanted to use this method to restrict Zhao Hai's movements, because using this method, he could immobilize Zhao Hai with golden light, even if he could only immobilize him. In that instant, he could just kill him and kill Zhao Hai.

But his idea was good, but the golden light was of no use to Zhao Hai. When he killed him, Zhao Hai was still a phantom. He moved several times until the golden light disappeared. Zhao Hai has always been a phantom, which made the eagle-faced man stop. Now he had to wonder whether the Zhao Hai he had been chasing was just a phantom, an illusion.

But just when he stopped, he felt a sudden pat on his body, which shocked him. He didn't even look back, and just swept over with a halberd, but right before At this time, he felt that he was sweeping away everything at once.

At this time, his back was patted once, but this time, he was not so lucky. This time, with this pat, the runes on his body flashed violently, followed by a wave of fluctuations. , as if he had been hit hard, and his body stiffened suddenly, and he stood there unable to move.

"Hey, I thought you were capable of something, but I didn't expect that it was just these two moments." Following this voice, I saw Zhao Hai's hand patting his body, and the runes on his body were After a flash, it seemed as if it exploded from the inside. There was a bang and explosion, and all the runes exploded.

After all the runes exploded, the eagle-faced man turned into the original statue again, standing there upright, holding a halberd in one hand and a bottle in the other. Even his body was slowly getting bigger, as if Wen Wenhai and the others were relieved to have the statue look like the original one. They felt that Zhao Hai should take care of that statue.

But at this moment, I heard Zhao Hai sigh softly and said: "Hey, I originally thought it was because of the magic circle, but I didn't expect it was because of you. What? Do you think you can hide it this way? Can you beat me?" As he said this, Zhao Hai waved his hand and grabbed the treasure bottle in his hand.

Zhao Hai was very fast this time, even faster than when the eagle-faced man attacked him before. Everyone didn't even see Zhao Hai's movements. The treasure bottle had already reached Zhao Hai's hand, and the treasure bottle was entering After getting into Zhao Hai's hands, the vase began to beat non-stop, as if there was something inside that wanted to come out.

But Zhao Hai grabbed the vase and smiled slightly and said: "It's a bit interesting. There is such a thing. It's really interesting. There should be a drop of blood and yin and yang in it. The yin and yang are actually related to each other. The power of Shadow Clan's laws is combined with that drop of blood, and it becomes a really good thing, so I say I want to thank you, because you have helped me a lot." Zhao Hai said with his hand But there was a flash of golden light, and the next moment, the golden light rushed behind the treasure vase. The treasure vase was as if someone had put a sun into it, and it was so bright that it was dazzling. When the light disappeared, the treasure vase was A different look.

I saw that the vase looked more moist than before, and the yin and yang pattern on the vase became more obvious, as if it was still rotating. The most important thing is that the vase was warm and moist. There is even a hint of golden light, which is really surprising.

Zhao Hai looked at the vase in his hand and nodded with great satisfaction. Then he glanced at the statue again, and then he waved his hand. The golden crown and halberd on the statue also came into his hands. Now the statue has It has turned into its original size. The statue with a height of more than 2,000 meters is really huge. However, the golden crown and halberd have become normal size in Zhao Hai's hands. Zhao Hai carefully After looking at the golden crown, he directly brought the golden crown to the top of his head. As soon as the golden crown was placed on Zhao Hai's head, it immediately emitted an extremely dazzling golden light, and then the golden light disappeared. The golden crown seemed to have returned to its original appearance. But I don't know if it was an illusion, but everyone felt that there seemed to be a golden light covering Zhao Hai's head, which made him look mysterious and majestic.

However, Zhao Hai didn't care about this. Instead, he looked at the halberd in his hand. Then he stretched out his hand to touch the halberd. As he moved his hand, a trace of golden light flashed on the halberd, and then the halberd appeared again. It's restored to its original appearance, but it feels a little thicker.

Zhao Hai glanced at the halberd and smiled slightly. Then he moved his hand, and the halberd shrank rapidly in his hand, and finally turned into a silver hairpin. Zhao Hai casually took the silver hairpin directly He stretched it out to the golden crown, making the golden crown look even more beautiful.

After doing this, Zhao Hai then glanced at the statue of the eagle-faced man, then closed his eyes slightly and recited scriptures softly. Following his voice, a golden light shone on the statue, and inside the statue, unexpectedly, Waves of golden light also appeared, and finally the entire statue became so glittering that no one could look directly at it.