c7504 master

The piercing sirens were still ringing, but Bai Yan stood in front of the radar screen with a frown, looking at the radar screen and the enemies that appeared on the radar screen. The enemies that appeared on the screen this time were a little weird. They are not cavalry, they are hawk-faced men, and their number is not very large. Even for Baiyan and the others, the number of these hawk-faced men is really too small. There are only about one hundred thousand in total, but these people , but just rushed towards the Blood Killing Sect's army, which was no different from dying.

However, Bai Yan never ordered an attack. Instead, he stood there with a frown, looking at the eagle-faced men who rushed towards him. He couldn't help but feel a headache. After a while, he said: "These guys are definitely not simple. There are hundreds of thousands of them." If they dare to rush forward like this, there is only one explanation. They must have something to hold on to. What do you think?" In the last sentence, Bai Yan was asking Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng.

Gu Yuanzheng thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "That should be the case. Why don't we give it a try to see how strong they are? At the same time, let those disciples prepare a small team of a thousand people to form the Orc Dharma Appearance. The Orc Dharma Appearance is fine. We are no match for these people, so we can just block them for a while, and let Lao Ding and the others come over."

Bai Yan nodded, and then said: "Okay, let's do it like this. You two go out and give them a try first. I will write a letter to Lao Ding and give orders to the disciples at the same time." After saying that, Bai Yan said directly to the person next to him. The staff officer said: "Order the disciples to form a team of a thousand people to form the Orc Dharma Prime Minister and prepare to meet the enemy. I am sending a letter to Elder Ding, asking Elder Ding to lead the people and come to the front line immediately." The staff officer immediately responded, and at this time , Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si had already rushed out of the room.

By the time the two of them arrived outside, the group of eagle-faced men were already less than a thousand miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's army. It could be seen how fast they were. Sheng Si was not polite, and he rushed towards those people with stars shining on his body. In the past, when they were still far away from those people, a wind blade slashed past them.

Although Sheng Si only released the simplest wind blade spells, the power of the spells he released was unmatched by others. The power of these spells was very huge, and with his The technique used is still the wind type. Wind type magic is famous for being fast and at the same time, the attack is very concealed.

And Gu Yuanzheng did not dare to neglect at this time, and directly summoned the Bone Throne, and the Bone Mountain pressed directly towards the eagle-faced men. If we really talk about the strength of Gu Yuanzheng, it is still somewhat inferior to Sheng Si. After all, he has never practiced in the time acceleration area, so their strength is still a little behind Sheng Si, but in the Blood Killing Sect, he can be considered a master, and this move is naturally Extraordinary power.

As soon as they saw the two people rushing over, the eagle-faced men didn't panic at all. They saw two small teams flying out from among the hawk-faced people. These two small teams only had about a hundred people. Compared with the 100,000-strong army, There were really too few. The hundred people flew straight towards the two people. When the two people flew over, the halberds in their hands had already been raised. And at the moment they raised the halberds, , behind them, the shadows of big rocs actually appeared.

This Dapeng is not the kind of Dapeng that fought against the Blood Killing Sect before. Although those Dapeng look very powerful, they are far behind compared with the shadows behind these people. The phantom of the roc that came out was a real golden-winged roc. The whole body of this golden-winged roc was dark gold, and its eyes were shining, giving people a very sharp feeling.

When they saw those Dapeng, Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng couldn't help but were startled, but they didn't stop. Sheng Si's wind blade had already attacked those people, and they saw the long halberds in those people's hands swinging. The wind blades were all blocked by them and did not pose any threat to them.

When he saw this situation, Sheng Si's face couldn't help but become serious. He knew very well that such an enemy was definitely difficult to deal with. They could easily block his wind blade, which showed that these people were very powerful. We must not take such an enemy lightly, otherwise, he will definitely be the one to suffer.

Sheng Si's figure moved. He no longer rushed forward, but stopped there. At the same time, the starlight above his head began to flicker, and then each spell flew towards those people. These spells used fire. Mainly with ice cone, but also with wind blade and other spells. One of the characteristics of Sheng Si's spells is that there are no overly complicated spells. All of his spells seem to be ones that ordinary monks can learn. , the lowest level of spells. These spells are said to be the least powerful, but when these spells are in Sheng Si's hands, they are completely different. When Sheng Si releases these spells, they are even more powerful. , every blow is not so easy to block, ordinary monks may not be able to block even one spell.

Sheng Si doesn't like to fight in close combat with others. Although he also has the ability to fight in close combat, especially after understanding the formation, he will not suffer in close combat. However, he still doesn't like to fight in close combat with others because of his long-range attack. The ability is even stronger than the melee ability, so why should he give up his advantage and engage in close combat with the enemy? There is no need at all.

Sheng Si's magic attacks have always been very powerful, and those hawk-faced people also discovered this, because although Sheng Si's magic attacks were very simple, their power was very powerful, so they did not dare to take it lightly. , Don’t look at how easy it seemed for them to deal with those wind blades before. That’s because Sheng Si was just testing at that time and didn’t use his full strength. Now that they have discovered that they are strong, Sheng Si has already used his full strength. Therefore, they must be very careful when dealing with it.

But even if they were careful, when they faced Sheng Si's attack, they were still a little unprepared, because they did not expect that Sheng Si's magical attack would have a change in power. Under normal circumstances, the magic's There is no change in force in the attack, because the magic is not a human body. If there is a change in the physical strength during the attack of the magic, those powers may have already exploded before attacking the enemy, and the magic will be directly destroyed. The law is destroyed.

However, the Blood Killing Sect has its own methods, and there are powerful changes in the techniques. The Blood Killing Sect has long studied this, but it has never been taken seriously before. However, some time ago, the Blood Killing Sect When everyone was learning about the changes in their abilities, people discovered the method of changing power in magic, and Sheng Si was naturally the first to learn it. Only then did they discover that there was actually something in the sect. There is also this good thing, because the change in force in this technique can not only be used in the technique, but can also be used on magic weapons, so this is of great use.

And Sheng Si doesn't like to use magic weapons very much. What he likes to use most is magic, which is the Void Condensation Formation Technique, so he still focuses on magic attacks. As for the changes in force in the magic, he has naturally learned it, and he has learned it. That's good, now he can bring more than a dozen kinds of power changes into his own spells.

But those hawk-faced people didn't know this, so when those hawk-faced people wanted to block these spells like they had blocked the wind blades before, they were suddenly in tragedy, because they didn't expect that there were so many in this spell. force, and these forces could change so much, so after they blocked a few forces, other forces directly penetrated his body. They couldn't help being surprised, and immediately used The strength in their own bodies was used to block these forces, but how could the strength they gathered in a hurry be comparable to the change in force? Their arms suddenly exploded, and holes appeared in them. On their arms, black smoke immediately came out of their arms, and it looked like they were going to be crippled.

The eagle-faced men also screamed, but they soon lost their voices because Sheng Si's next attack came. Their arms were disabled and they were in pain. They didn't notice at all, so they were directly hit by those spells. After being chopped off, it turned into black smoke and disappeared immediately.

But the other team headed towards Gu Yuanzheng. Gu Yuanzheng was sitting high on the Bone Throne. Looking at the eagle-faced men, a sneer appeared on his face. Then he thought, the Bone Mountain It suddenly moved, and the whole mountain seemed to come alive at once. Countless bones flew up, and then seemed to turn into water, flowing around, and the ancient expedition also disappeared into the sea of ​​bones. .

Those eagle-faced men didn't care so much and rushed directly into the sea of ​​bones, just like the fearless heroic wind rushing directly into the sandstorm. But after they rushed into the sea of ​​bones, the sea of ​​bones still flowed so smoothly. There was no strong aggression. However, all the eagle-faced men who entered the sea of ​​bones disappeared. Yes, it has never appeared before.

After eliminating these two teams, the two attacked the team of hawk-faced men again. Through this battle, they also learned that the strength of those hawk-faced men was indeed very strong, but they had not yet reached the level of Their level is much stronger than the eagle-faced people they dealt with before, so there is nothing wrong with letting Ding Chunming and others deal with these eagle-faced people. Let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect form an orc Dharma to deal with these people. , and that’s right. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use ordinary methods to deal with these eagle-faced men, they will probably suffer a loss.

And just when Sheng Si and Gu Yuanzheng were fighting those eagle-faced men, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also formed the Beastmen Dharma. They had had this kind of experience before, and they were naturally comfortable doing it now, and there was nothing uncomfortable about it. So when those eagle-faced men rushed over, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately commanded the orcs to rush over, and the two sides fought directly.

Although those eagle-faced men are powerful and will leave wounds on the body of the orcs, it is impossible for them to destroy the orcs' array and kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all in the inner space of the Beastman Dharma, it is impossible for them to directly attack the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so naturally there is nothing they can do against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.