c7506 statue

Baiyan stood in front of the radar screen with a livid face. Gu Yuanzheng and Sheng Si also had equally ugly faces. There was no way they could not look ugly, because since they started to advance forward, they encountered five enemy attacks. Each of these five times, the enemy used 10 billion double-headed eagle cavalry. The total of the five times before and after was 50 billion double-headed eagle cavalry.

The most important thing is that the intervals between these five double-headed eagle cavalry attacks were four hours at first, then three hours, then two hours, and finally one hour. Now they will encounter them every other hour. The enemy attacks, and every attack is made by 10 billion double-headed eagle cavalry.

The enemy has so many double-headed eagle cavalry, but when they fought against them before, they only dispatched one billion double-headed eagle cavalry. This is too unreasonable. From this point, it can be seen that the enemy really wants to To hold them back, and even to hold them back at the least cost, was something they never expected.

Now everyone in the Blood Killing Sect has realized that something is wrong. They have encountered too many enemies, and the intervals between them are too short. Although I don’t know why the enemy doesn’t gather everyone together and attack them together. , but what the enemy is doing now is really giving them a huge headache.

Baiyan said in a deep voice: "It seems that the enemy is really planning to drag us here, otherwise, they would not send so many people out, but what exactly do they want to do? Why do they do this? This is too weird. "Baiyan still can't figure out why the enemy would do this.

Gu Yuanzheng said solemnly: "No matter what his reasons are, the more they do this, the less we can let him do it. We must move forward at full speed. No one can rest, and they cannot rush to the enemy's core area or see the Garou." The number one master in the Luo world, we must never give up."

Baiyan nodded, and then said: "Yes, we must rush to their core area in the shortest possible time. I really want to see what they want to do. Alas, it seems that this time The sect master will also take action, what happened this time is so extraordinary, the sect master will definitely take action."

Gu Yuanzheng nodded, he was also shocked and realized that this time things are not simple, Zhao Hai will definitely take action, he knows Zhao Hai very well, and knows that Zhao Hai has probably paid attention to the situation here, but There is no need for him to take action now, so Zhao Haicai has not taken action. When he is needed to take action, he will definitely take action.

The headquarters here has become quiet. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are still moving forward with all their strength. No one speaks. Then they encounter several groups of enemies. They still don't stop. They just keep moving forward with the giant sword formation. Rushing, finally, after rushing forward for more than twenty hours, they suddenly discovered that there was a large sculpture in front of them. When they saw the statue, Baiyan and the others already knew that they had arrived. This layer is the core area of ​​the interface.

Getting closer and closer to the sculpture, Baiyan and the others also discovered the appearance of the sculpture. It was a huge statue of a hawk-faced man. This hawk-faced man had a golden crown on his head and armor on his body. His right hand held a He was holding a halberd, and in his left hand, he was holding a treasure vase.

This statue is all black, but there are three things whose colors are different from the statue. One is the halberd in his hand. The halberd is all silver and looks very beautiful. The other is his head. The golden crown on the top is really golden, shining with golden light, and looks very beautiful. The last thing with a different color is the treasure vase. The color of the treasure vase is like white jade, extremely warm and moist, with restrained light. And on the vase, there is a pattern like a Tai Chi diagram, which looks mysterious and beautiful.

Just when Bai Yan and the others were looking at the statue, a voice suddenly came: "Everyone, stop and form an array." This voice appeared very suddenly, making everyone stunned, and then Bai Yan and the others immediately shouted loudly. Said: "Send the order, everyone here to stop advancing and form an array." The reason why Baiyan and the others gave such an order was because they had already heard who the owner of the voice was, and it was Zhao Hai's voice.

At this time, Zhao Hai's figure also appeared in front of the army. He was standing in the void, and now the army was still about three thousand miles away from the statue. Zhao Hai stood there quietly, but looked at the statue with a solemn expression, and at the same time looked at the space around the statue.

Not long after Zhao Hai stood there, figures appeared beside Zhao Hai one by one. Wen Wenhai, Ding Chunming, Bai Yan, Gu Yuanzheng, Sheng Si, and the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect appeared one by one. No one around him spoke, everyone stood there quietly, waiting for Zhao Hai's instructions.

Zhao Hai looked at the statue for a long time, and then he took a breath and said: "I really didn't expect that there would be three treasures on such a statue. It's really amazing, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, this time It seems that he has learned to be smarter, and he can actually play tricks, which is really unexpected."

Wen Wenhai looked at the statue and said to Zhao Hai with some confusion: "Boss, the treasures you are telling me to be honest with are the golden crown, the halberd and the treasure vase, right? But what is the conspiracy you are talking about? Why should we stop here? "Wen Wenhai is still the person closest to Zhao Hai, so he asked like this.

Zhao Hai looked ahead and said in a deep voice: "If we take a step forward, we will enter the enemy's formation. By then, we will probably suffer huge losses. Wen Hai, you guys Why are these guys so careless in doing things? They have already reached the core area of ​​the enemy, yet they are still so careless."

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned for a moment, and then they glanced around. There was nothing around them, not a single formation talisman. How could the other party arrange a large formation? So Wen Wenhai looked around with some confusion, and finally focused his attention on Zhao Hai, because they really couldn't find where the big formation Zhao Hai mentioned was.

Zhao Hai glanced around, then turned to look at Wen Wenhai and the others. Finally, he smiled bitterly and said: "You guys, I really can't say anything about you. Your memory is really bad. Have you forgotten that all of us have been floating in the sky since we arrived in the Garuda Realm? The enemy cannot arrange large formations in the sky, can't they also arrange large formations on the ground? ? We can't land on the ground, but can't they land on the ground too?" Zhao Hai pointed to the ground while talking.

When Zhao Hai said this, Wen Wenhai and the others were all stunned. Then they all lowered their heads and looked at the ground. When they looked at the ground, their expressions couldn't help but change, because right on the ground, a huge magic circle entered. In their eyes, they can't see clearly the formation now, but they can find that the formation is very huge, and it is arranged with this statue as the core.

This large array is not a spherical array, but an ordinary flat circular array. Because it is too far away, they cannot see clearly what the symbols in the array are, and there is no way to infer that this large array What is its function? But one thing is for sure. This formation is really huge. They are not close to the ground. But even so, they can still see and feel this formation. The formation is huge. You can imagine how huge this formation is.

Zhao Hai looked calm. He looked up at the statue. For some reason, he had a feeling that the statue seemed alive. It was really alive. He felt a trace of life from the statue. Breath, but if it is really said that the statue is alive, it is a bit different. The statue has the breath of life, and the breath of life is very strong, but Zhao Hai can be sure that the statue is definitely not It's just that there is something very active on the statue. What kind of thing it is, he doesn't know yet.

But one thing he can know is that the three things on the statue are indeed treasures. The golden crown, the halberd and the treasure bottle are all treasures. But what are these three things? He doesn't know its use yet, but he believes he will know it soon.

At this time, Wen Wenhai also raised his head. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, I'm sorry, it's our fault. We didn't discover such a large magic circle. It's our fault." Wen Wenhai really I think he was wrong. There were so many people in such a large circle, but they didn't notice it in advance. Of course they were wrong.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "I'm trying to figure out a way to solve this matter after I go back. Among our army, there are still problems with detecting the energy of the magic circle. Moreover, the enemy did not complete the magic circle this time, so it is normal that we did not find it. , your previous decision was still correct, go all out, so that you can get here in the shortest time, disrupt the enemy's actions, and prevent the enemy from completing their formation. You have done a good job in this, very good."

Wen Wenhai and the others said in unison that they didn't dare, and Bai Yan even said: "Sect Master, we didn't think at first that the enemy was stalling for time. It was Xiaosi who reminded us, and we discovered it now, so we rushed here. , so the credit this time should go to Xiaosi."

Baiyan will not grab credit. For them, grabbing credit is of no use. They have only one pursuit now, to pursue the road to immortality together with Zhao Hai, so they will not grab any credit at all, so Bai Yan directly attributed all the credit for this time to Sheng Si.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but turn his head and glance at Sheng Si. Sheng Si smiled at Zhao Hai sheepishly, and then said: "Father, I just mentioned that at that time. To be honest, I am far behind Elder Bai and the others in this regard." Sheng Si could act like an elder in front of others, but in front of Zhao Hai, he always felt that he was just a child. That's why he has such an expression. If others look at him like this, he won't be embarrassed.