c7509 aftermath

When the golden light dissipated, everyone saw that the statue of the eagle-faced man had completely changed. It was no longer a statue of an eagle-faced man at all, but a huge golden-winged roc. The roc is extremely huge. With its wings spread out, it is more than two thousand meters long. It looks extremely powerful. The feathers on its body are also dark gold, but there is a layer of golden light on the wings, which makes it look even more powerful. Powerful, as if made of gold.

The most important thing is that he is always in the sky. He will not fall to the ground. He just keeps floating in the sky, as if he is looking down on all living beings from the sky. And there are many things in his expression. There was a hint of majesty, which made him look as powerful as a god.

With the appearance of this golden-winged roc, Wen Wenhai and the others felt a slight fluctuation in the power of law in the entire Garuda world. They felt that the buoyancy under their feet had completely disappeared, but However, they did not fall directly to the ground, but slowly fell to the ground.

When they got their feet on the ground, they looked up, only to find that the statue was still floating in the sky, like a huge condor, looking at them. This made their hearts shake. I know how extraordinary this statue is.

Zhao Hai raised his head and glanced at the golden-winged roc in the sky, then turned to Wen Wenhai and the others and said: "Wen Hai, the matter in the Garuda Realm has been settled. I am going to deal with the sect's matter, and you can handle it." Let’s talk about the matter of the Garuda Realm, remember, the magic circle must be arranged to handle the Garuda Realm properly.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. They did not ask what Zhao Hai was going to do. They also knew that those things were not what they should ask, so they did not ask. They only needed to do their own thing well. Zhao Hai What Hai wants to do is beyond their control.

Zhao Hai then nodded towards Wen Wenhai and the others, and then with a movement of his body, he returned directly to the Xuanwu space. He indeed had something to do, and it was something big. As for things in the Garuda Realm, it was Just let Wen Wenhai and the others handle it, and there is no need for him to step forward at all. He is the sect leader. If he needs to handle such a matter, wouldn't Wen Wenhai and the others be too incompetent?

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately followed the previous method to deal with the Garuda Realm. They first sent out a large army to conduct a thorough inspection of the entire Garuda Realm to see if there were any big rocs here. , if there are still those big rocs, they must be eliminated, and then they will start to arrange the magic circle. They must arrange all the Garuda world into a magic circle to protect it.

The reason why the Garuda Realm is protected with a magic circle is not because they are worried about someone attacking the Garuda Realm. They have already occupied the Garuda Realm. If someone breaks the magic circle and breaks into the Garuda Realm, In the Garuda Realm, that magic circle is probably not of much use. The reason why they want to build the magic circle is actually to prepare for the future. After they have captured all the eight realms of Tianlong, then Zhao Hai You can use the merging of realms. At that time, the eight realms of Tianlong will be merged into the Blood Killing Sect. At that time, these magic formations will be needed to play their role. These magic formations actually tell the laws of heaven and earth. These interfaces, It has been occupied by our Blood Killing Sect. We are now merging the world. This is to merge the interfaces that belong to us together, so that the laws of heaven and earth will allow them to merge successfully.

They have done these things not once or twice, so they got started very quickly and did it very easily. All disciples have different divisions of labor and do their own things. I believe they can set up the magic circle soon. , when the magic circle is arranged, the Nagara Realm will be completely occupied by them.

Of course, those two space passages were also protected by them, because those two space passages are very important. One entering and one exiting are both very important, especially for the space passage under the statue. Although the statue has been floating in the sky, it will not move. Under the statue, there is a space passage. Obviously that space passage leads to the next interface, so Wen Wenhai and the others are also very His attention directly protected that space channel.

After they have done these things, they start to do another thing, which is to make a summary. In this interface, they will tell what kind of enemies they encountered and what methods they used, and then make a summary. After it is completed, a report will be made, one will be handed over to Zhao Hai, and the other will be sorted out and then let all the disciples watch.

The report for the disciples to watch is actually to tell those disciples what kind of methods we have used in this layer of interface, which methods you must study hard, and which methods you only need to master. That's it, this is also very important. The reason why the Blood Killing Sect can progress so fast is thanks to this method.

Just like this time here in the Garuda Realm, the people of the Blood Killing Sect have learned a lot of things, such as the blessing of Dharma by Kung Fu, the blessing of Dharma by fusion Kung Fu, the blessing of murderous aura, the power of killing Buddha, the Dharma of Beastman, and the change of power. Wait, all these things were learned during the battles in this world, and these things can be said to be a symbol of the improvement of the strength of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as you learn these things, your strength will definitely improve. There has been an improvement, which is very important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

These things must be summarized and then divided into sequential order, so that the disciples must learn them and study them well, so that the overall strength of the Blood Killing Sect will be improved. Every time after conquering a new realm, members of the Blood Killing Sect would do something like this. It is precisely because of this that the strength of the Blood Killing Sect disciples has improved so quickly.

While Wen Wenhai and the others were busy with these things, Zhao Hai was in the Xuanwu Space, busy with another thing. The thing he was busy with was actually very simple, which was to improve the strength of the alien clan. , Zhao Hai has always been very concerned about the strength of the alien clan, and the fighting power of the alien clan is also very powerful. However, here in the Tianlong Bakai, because the corresponding genes are not available, the alien's strength has improved very slowly. , can no longer keep up with the progress of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, which makes Shu Li and Cang Ming very anxious.

To be honest, there are several bloodlines of divine beasts in Zhao Hai's space. The bloodlines of these divine beasts can enhance the strength of the alien clan. Just like Kunpeng, Fire Phoenix, and Xuanwu. The bloodlines of these divine beasts can enhance the aliens. A clan, isn’t that very easy? But in fact this is not the case, because the bloodline of these mythical beasts is too powerful, and the alien family cannot digest it at all. If these bloodlines are really added to the alien nest, then the alien family's mother nest, I'm afraid It will be burned to death immediately, and nothing will be left.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai has never been able to use the blood of those mythical beasts in the space to improve the aliens. Not to mention the alien brood, even Zhao Hai himself has not completely digested the blood of those mythical beasts. strength, let alone an alien brood.

The reason why Zhao Hai said he wanted to thank the treasure bottle this time was because the drop of blood in the treasure bottle was of a very high level, but that drop of blood could not match the bloodline of the divine beast. Comparatively, maybe his previous level was also very high and comparable to the bloodline of the divine beast, but after so many years of consumption, the power in the bloodline has become much weaker and can be absorbed by the alien clan.

The reason why Zhao Hai discovered that the power of the bloodline had been digested was because the power of the bloodline had indeed been consumed, and the thing that consumed the power of the bloodline was the treasure bottle. There are yin and yang in that vase, but that vase is also the source of power of the eagle-faced man statue before. It can even be said that it is the source of power of the entire Garuda Realm. All the people in the Garuda Realm. The enemies, those big rocs, those Kuns, those eagle-faced men, those two-headed eagle knights, all of them are powered by that drop of blood.

It is precisely because of the energy of that drop of blood that those things are so difficult to deal with. It is precisely because of this that the energy of that drop of blood is consumed so much. It is also precisely because of the energy consumption of this drop of blood. They are big, so they can be absorbed by aliens. As long as aliens have this kind of blood, they have a kind of potential. As long as they can continue to grow, their power will continue to increase, and finally grow into mythical beasts. It’s also unknown.

And Zhao Hai also took a look. The power of that drop of blood is similar to Kunpeng's bloodline power, but it is much worse than Kunpeng's bloodline power. However, there is no problem for the alien family to absorb it. In addition, that drop of blood also contained a trace of yin and yang power, as well as a trace of the power of the Shadow Clan Law. However, that trace of the Shadow Clan Law power had completely purified him. In other words, that trace of the Shadow Clan Law had already completely purified him. The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan has been assimilated by Zhao Hai and turned into a kind of power for him. If the power of this drop of blood is incorporated into the Alien Clan, the Alien Clan will not only become a roc, Transform into Kun, become a hawk-faced man, and even be able to use the golden light and the extremely cold ice wind used by the previous rocs. These things are very important and are also very beneficial to the growth of the alien clan.

It can be said that as long as this drop of blood is integrated into the alien's mother's nest, then after the alien family is born, not only will they have intelligence directly, but they will also have multiple changes and can fight in a variety of environments. There are many attack methods, and the power is also very huge. It can be said that if this drop of blood is really fused, then the alien will be an almighty warrior, extremely powerful, so Zhao Hai said that he would like to thank the aquarium. .

What Zhao Hai has to do now is to completely integrate the drop of blood in this treasure bottle into the alien family's nest and increase the power of the alien family's nest, so that the overall strength of the alien family can be increased. Being promoted is the most important thing.