c7507 magic circle

Zhao Hai looked at Sheng Si's appearance and couldn't help laughing and said: "My Si'er has finally grown up, and now he has become a master on his own. Your reminder is the greatest credit. Without your reminder , they would not have thought that the enemy was just stalling for time, hahaha, yes, they did a good job."

When Sheng Si heard what Zhao Hai said, his face turned red. For him, Zhao Hai's compliment was more important than anything else. Everything he had was given to him by Zhao Hai, and his life was given by Zhao Hai. His, and he admires Zhao Hai the most. He has always wanted to do things for Zhao Hai, so he practiced hard. He has the current strength, on the one hand, because of his talent, on the other hand, Because of his diligence, everything he had done before, when Zhao Hai said these words, he felt that it was worth it, it was all worth it.

Zhao Hai then turned his head and glanced ahead, and finally set his sights on the three treasures on the statue. Then he glanced at the magic circle on the ground, and then smiled slightly and said: "It seems that the enemy's magic circle is They delayed their time just to prepare this magic circle for me, and they prepared this magic circle just to deal with me, haha, this guy really thinks highly of me."

When Bai Yan and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned, but then their expressions changed. Then Bai Yan said: "Sect Master, if this is really the case, then the Sect Master needs to be even more careful. The enemy has fought against you, Sect Master. , that’s why they want to use this formation to deal with you, the sect leader. It only shows that they are very confident in this formation. Although this formation is not completed now, if this formation can be used now, it will be very It’s dangerous, we’d better find a way to destroy this magic circle first.”

Wen Wenhai and the others also nodded, and Wen Wenhai said: "I will call Lao Wen right away. This is their job, and this magic circle is built with the statue as the core. As long as we destroy that The statue can be used to destroy the magic circle. Then we can directly attack the statue with sky-filled fire. I still don’t believe it. We can’t break the statue. As long as the statue is broken, the magic circle will be destroyed. There is still some power, but it is not very powerful anymore. When our army presses forward, no magic circle can stop it." Everyone else also nodded, Wen Wenhai's method is the best method, because By doing this, Zhao Hai doesn't have to take risks. Zhao Hai is the foundation of the Blood Killing Sect, so nothing can happen to him.

After hearing Wen Wenhai's eyes rolled, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "You guys are still too nervous. Why did you call Lao Wen and the others here? I taught them all their magic circle techniques at the beginning. , I am here, why do you ask them to come? I know you are worried about my safety, but you really don’t have to worry. In this world, there are many people who want my life, but just with this one here in the Garuda Realm Statue, he’s not good enough.”

After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai glanced at the statue, then turned to Wen Wenhai and the others and said: "Wen Hai, do you think if I put on the golden crown and held the halberd in my hand, would it look like the same thing? Very majestic?" As he spoke, Zhao Hai pointed to the golden crown on the statue's head and the halberd in his hand.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then Wen Wenhai couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Boss, I don't object if you wear that golden crown, and I don't object if you take that halberd. But even if that thing is a treasure, what use is it to you? After all, you can’t always carry a halberd, right? That thing is of no use to you at all.”

Although Zhao Hai wears robes most of the time, and his appearance is actually not very outstanding, it can only be said to be ordinary. If there is anything special about him, it is his temperament. Zhao Hai has a very good temperament and gives people a very elegant feeling. If he wears a golden crown on his head, he may look more handsome and have a better temperament, but if he is holding a long Although the halberd cannot be said to be awkward, it is not too good-looking either.

When Zhao Hai heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Hahahaha, you boy, that long pole is indeed a good thing, but as you said, for me, it is really not useful. It’s too big, but it’s good if you take it out from time to time. As for the treasure bottle, that’s a really good thing.” At the end of the sentence, Zhao Hai had already set his sights on the treasure bottle. There was a smile on his face.

Wen Wenhai looked at Zhao Hai and said quickly: "Boss, you can't take risks. You are the foundation of our Blood Killing Sect. You can't have any accidents. If something really happens to you, Then it will be over for us to kill the sect with blood. Sect Master, you must not take the risk, absolutely not." Wen Wenhai has been with Zhao Hai for a long time. He knows Zhao Hai too well. When he sees Zhao Hai's expression, he Already knew that Zhao Hai was going to do it himself, that's why he said this.

When the others heard what Wen Wenhai said, their expressions changed. They knew very well that in the Blood Killing Sect, anything could happen to any one of them and they could all die. Only Zhao Hai could not die. If Zhao Hai died, , then all of them will be finished, and the Blood Killing Sect will be finished, so nothing can happen to Zhao Hai.

So everyone said to Zhao Hai in unison: "Please don't take risks, Sect Master." They were really worried that Zhao Hai would enter the formation. If Zhao Hai really had any accident, the consequences would be really unimaginable, so they Get up and persuade Zhao Hai not to take any risks.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, and finally smiled slightly and said: "Okay, I won't take risks. Wen Hai, let's arrange it as you said. Call Lao Wen over, take a look at the magic circle, and use Mantianhuo to go there." Attacking that statue, I really want to see if that statue can withstand our attack from the sky full of fire."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. At this moment, a sudden and piercing siren sounded, and then Bai Yan's expression changed. He immediately turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master. , a double-headed eagle cavalry rushed over from behind us, with a number of more than 10 billion. It may be that the remnants of the double-headed eagle cavalry that we broke through before have reunited and are ready to attack us. Immediately arrange for disciples to go and fight."

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Go and make arrangements. There is no need to train the disciples. Just use the giant sword formation to deal with them as soon as possible. Wen Hai, please make arrangements. We can't stop here. I will sit here personally and take a look. What other tricks can you play with the statue?" After saying that, Zhao Hai showed a smile on his face, but the smile seemed to be very meaningful, but Wen Wenhai didn't think much about it. I responded immediately and went directly to make arrangements.

Soon after hearing the name, he arrived here. By his side, there were also several magic circle masters from Shenji Hall. As soon as they arrived here, they immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai smiled at them and nodded: "Go and have a look. This magic circle is quite interesting. If you can't fall to the ground, take a closer look at the talismans of this magic circle."

They responded after hearing the name, and then they tried it and found that they really couldn't fall to the ground. However, they also had a way. They directly used magic to enlarge the magic circle on the ground, so that they could You can clearly see what the talismans on the magic circle are, and based on these talismans, you can deduce what the magic circle is.

Just when Wen Yuming and others started to be busy, the smile on Zhao Hai's face became more and more serious. At this time, Wen Wenhai also reported that Man Tianhuo was ready and could attack at any time. After hearing Wen Wenhai's report, Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, "No, it's too late to attack now."

Following his voice, an exclamation came. Wen Wenhai and the others turned their heads to look, only to find that it was Wen Yuming and the others who had discovered the sound, and Wen Yuming and the others were staring blankly at the screen in front of them. , with a look of shock on his face, as if he had seen something incredible.

Wen Wenhai and the others were a little puzzled, but they believed that hearing Yu Ming's voice must be related to the magic circle below, so they all looked down. They really wanted to take a look, below. What happened to the magic circle would cause Wen Yuming to be so surprised.

When they looked down, they realized that the magic circle below seemed to be moving. Originally, the magic circle below was spread on the ground like a huge round black carpet, but now this The black carpet seemed to have come alive, and was slowly crawling towards the statue. The talismans in the magic circle seemed to have come to life, crawling onto the statue one by one. The situation , looks extremely terrifying.

When they saw this, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but gasped, but at this moment, Zhao Hai said: "The entire army retreats a hundred miles, forms a formation, and is not allowed to participate in the battle." His voice was not It was very loud, but Wen Wenhai and the others heard it all, and everyone responded subconsciously.

But they reacted quickly. Wen Wenhai quickly said: "Boss..." He was about to say something, but was interrupted by Zhao Hai with a wave of his hand. Then Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "It's just It's just a blessing circle. I'm holding it back on this statue. I want to make this statue more powerful so that it can deal with me. You don't have to worry about it and go down."

As soon as Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they knew there was nothing they could do to persuade them. However, they also knew very well that the magic circle was definitely not just a blessing magic circle. If it was really just a blessing magic circle, Zhao Hai I'm afraid they won't stop them at all, but now that Zhao Hai has said this, it means that this matter is no longer something they can interfere with. If the magic circle is really blessed on the statue, then from that If the statue takes action against Zhao Hai, they will not be qualified to participate. They don't know how strong the statue will be after being blessed, but they know Zhao Hai's strength very well. If the other party can really compete with Zhao Hai If it comes to fighting, they are indeed not qualified to participate.