c7505 procrastination

Although those eagle-faced men can't do anything against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can't do anything against those hawk-faced men. Their attack power is very strong, and their speed is not slow, but compared to those When the hawk-faced men came, their speed was indeed not fast enough, so they couldn't hit the hawk-faced men. They could only let the hawk-faced men leave wounds on the orcs' faces, but they had no choice. .

At this time, Ding Chunming and the others also arrived. They all had teleportation arrays on them, so they arrived very quickly. As soon as Ding Chunming and the others arrived, they immediately began to attack the eagle-faced men. Ding Chunming and the others They were different from the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They were very powerful and naturally had the upper hand against those eagle-faced men. Those eagle-faced men could not even block a few of their moves.

But at this time, Sheng Si wrote directly to Bai Yan, telling Bai Yan that although the strength of these hawk-faced men was good, they were not too strong. They could let the elders of the Blood Killing Sect participate in the attack. The number of elders of the Blood Killing Sect was In fact, there are many. The strength of those eagle-faced men is similar to that of the elders of the Blood Killing Sect. If those elders participate in the attack, they will definitely be able to take care of those eagle-faced men in the shortest time.

Naturally, Bai Yan immediately ordered the elders of the Blood Killing Sect to go into battle, and he was also ready to take action himself. There were only a few enemies anyway, and there was nothing to think about. He just went over and killed them all. Okay, what else is there to think about?

When all the elders of the Blood Killing Sect appeared on the battlefield, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated. Only the elders of the Blood Killing Sect were left on the battlefield to surround and kill those eagle-faced men. The strength of those hawk-faced men Although they are not weak, but against the Blood Killing Sect elders who are about the same strength as them but outnumber them, and experts like Ding Chunming and others sit in battle, they really can't afford to make any splash.

This battle only lasted for about two hours, and all the 100,000 eagle-faced masters were wiped out. Therefore, the elders of the Blood Killing Sect did not lose much, and only some people suffered. It's just injuries, not death in battle. After all, none of the elders of the Blood Killing Sect is a fuel-efficient lamp. Even the lowest elders have experienced countless battles.

After this battle, Bai Yan did not let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attack immediately. To be honest, the enemy directly sent so many masters to attack him this time, which still made him very surprised. According to his thoughts, The enemy has so many masters, so naturally they should cooperate with their army to fight, so that they can play a better role. Although failure is inevitable, it will be quite troublesome to destroy those armies.

But the enemy did not do that. When their army was attacking, none of these masters participated, but these masters instead formed an army of their own to attack them. Are they so confident in these masters? ? Do you think these masters can definitely win?

Bai Yan couldn't understand what the strongest man in the Garuda Realm was thinking. He wouldn't be stupid enough to do this, but he did it anyway. This is really weird and right. Because of this, Bai Yan is even more cautious. He would rather slow down the attack speed, but also ensure the condition of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, so that the Blood Killing Sect disciples are always in the best condition, so that no matter they encounter No matter what the situation, there is nothing to worry about.

Naturally, Wen Wenhai would not object, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rested for two more days. During these two days, they did not encounter any attacks, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect got a good rest. Just when Bai Yan was about to attack, he didn't expect that those hawk-faced men would attack again. This time, the hawk-faced men who came to attack were actually hawk-faced cavalry. They were said to be those double-headed hawk cavalry. The number of double-headed eagle cavalry coming at one time is still only one billion.

When he saw this situation, Bai Yan frowned. The timing of the appearance of these two-headed eagle cavalry was really a coincidence. Just as they were about to attack, the enemy appeared. Although there were only one billion, they were If they come to attack, the Blood Killing Sect will have to fight, and Bai Yan has always felt that the enemy's fighting method is very strange.

However, he immediately ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to join the battle. If the billions of double-headed eagle cavalry were not used in the giant sword formation, it would not be easy to destroy them. However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not Keep them in mind, because the difference in numbers is too big, but there is not a big difference in strength. They cannot be afraid of those double-headed eagle cavalry.

Although he was a little confused, the battle had to be fought. Soon, Bai Yan gave the order directly, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attacked his two-headed eagle cavalry. The battle between the two sides started at once, and this battle was actually There is really nothing to say. Although those double-headed eagle cavalry are not bad, it is not the first time that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have dealt with them. In the end, they were all wiped out by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Seeing those double-headed eagle cavalry being destroyed, Bai Yan didn't look happy at all. He frowned and looked at the situation on the battlefield, and then said: "Why do I feel that these two-headed eagle cavalry are here to die?" ? Why did they suddenly attack us? And there are only one billion people? They should know that it is impossible to be our opponent with just one billion people? Then why are they coming again? "

Gu Yuanzheng also frowned. He also couldn't figure out what the other party was doing. By now, both sides had almost an understanding of each other's strength. It was impossible for those from the Garuda Realm to kill each other with blood. The opponents of the sect, such as the billions of double-headed eagle cavalry, pose no threat to the Blood Killing sect at all. Under such circumstances, the other party actually sent such people to attack them. This is really unjustifiable. .

Sheng Si said: "Counting this time, the enemy has attacked us for the third time, and they are always stuck when we are about to attack. And every time we have a few days of rest after a big battle, Do you think the enemy has discovered this and is using this to slow down our progress and buy them more time? Although I don’t know why they are doing this, the other side is doing this now , it looks like it’s just stalling for time.”

Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng were both stunned, and then their expressions changed. Bai Yan said solemnly: "It's very possible that the enemy is really delaying time. Well, how dare you do this? I really don't know. Life and death, come on, send the order, the whole army will rotate immediately, and after the rotation, the whole army will attack with all their strength with the power of the giant sword."

The staff officer next to him immediately wrote down his order, and then passed it on directly, and then Baiyan turned to Sheng Si and said: "Xiao Si, your reminder is very right. Look at the current situation. The enemy is probably really stalling for time. Although we don’t know why they are doing this, it is definitely not a good thing for us. We must not do what they want and must attack them immediately. Look. Look what they are doing."

Gu Yuanzheng also said with a serious face: "At this time, if the enemy is still doing this, there is only one explanation. The enemy must have some conspiracy, and it is a conspiracy against us. We must attack with all our strength and know as soon as possible. Whatever they want to do, destroy their conspiracy."

Sheng Si was stunned for a moment, and then realized that the other party was their enemy now. No matter what, if the enemy wanted to do something, they would never let him do it. No matter what the reason was, Bai Yan and Gu Yuanzheng only Being so anxious, he didn't say anything, just nodded without speaking.

In terms of command, he was not as good as Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan, so the two decided that he would naturally not say anything. At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also rotated in the shortest time. Bai Yan also personally wrote a letter to Wen Wenhai, explaining what was happening now and telling Wen Wenhai why they suddenly accelerated their attack.

After listening to Bai Yan's words, Wen Wenhai also agreed with Bai Yan's approach, and Wen Wenhai directly gave Bai Yan an idea, that is, their attack this time would be an all-out attack, using a giant sword formation to keep moving forward. Even if they encounter an enemy, they have to keep rushing forward and rush to the core area of ​​Garuda Realm in the shortest possible time. They want to see what the enemy wants to do.

After hearing Wen Wenhai's suggestion, Bai Yan felt that it was very reasonable, so he was not polite. After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took turns, the army immediately began to rush forward. They just wanted to do it in the shortest possible time. Within the time, rush to the enemy's core area and see why the enemy does this.

Just about four hours before their army could rush forward, an enemy appeared. This time, the enemy's double-headed eagle cavalry appeared again, with a number of about 10 billion. These 10 billion double-headed eagle cavalry, until He rushed towards the Blood Killing Sect's giant sword formation, as if trying to block the Blood Killing Sect's giant sword formation.

This time, the Blood Killing Sect's giant sword formation didn't even stop. It rushed forward and kept rushing forward. Even after they rushed over, all the 10 billion double-headed eagle cavalry were not wiped out. He didn't stop and kept rushing forward, as if he had forgotten these enemies at all.

What Bai Yan and the others didn't expect was that after they charged forward for another three hours, they actually encountered the enemy's cavalry. The number turned out to be another 10 billion. Each of those double-headed eagle cavalry seemed to be desperate for their lives. Charging towards them, it seemed that they were not here to fight the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but were here to die. They were just to die. Those giant swords were charging. While charging, golden light, extremely cold ice wind, and eagles Claws and various attacks were all used, and he looked like he was going to fight tooth and nail.

However, the enemy's actions did not stop the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and even strengthened Baiyan's determination. The enemy must have some conspiracy to hold them back, otherwise, the enemy would not be like this. Attack, so Baiyan didn't let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stop to rest at all, and still charged forward.