c7511 Exit

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all practicing hard, and Wen Wenhai and the others are also doing the same. However, while they are practicing, they are also working hard for the command of the entire Blood Killing Sect, so Wen Wenhai and the others are very busy now, and It was under this circumstance that Zhao Hai came to Wen Wenhai's room.

As soon as he saw Zhao Hai coming, Wen Wenhai stood up immediately, saluted to Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, you are here, please sit down." Wen Wenhai respected Zhao Hai very much, but because he was too familiar with Zhao Hai , that's why it is like this. It can be said that in the entire Blood Killing Sect, Wen Wenhai and the others are the only ones who are so rude to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai was not polite and sat down directly, and then said to Wen Wenhai: "The upgrade of the alien clan has been completed. From now on, we will have ninety-six more alien clan members every day, but they will hatch out in seven days and teach them Let's teach Shu Li and the others about it, you don't have to worry about it, as long as you know that they are the best."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhao Hai said, he nodded quickly and said: "Yes, boss, I understand, I will arrange this matter." Wen Wenhai had no objection to what Zhao Hai ordered. No matter what Zhao Hai asks him to do, he will do it well.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Here in the Garuda Realm, let's take a good rest for a while. We must practice well for a while, and then enter the next interface. What will the next interface look like? Yes, no one will know, we have to be careful, and Chang Jun and the others are about to leave seclusion. After they come out, I am going to let you lead people to retreat, so don't be in a hurry."

Wen Wenhai responded, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "That's all, there is nothing else to do. After Chang Jun and the others come out, you can explain to him, and then go to retreat. We have gone through so much Although each interface requires a lot of time, we need to take a good rest, practice what we have learned before, and achieve complete mastery. This is the most important thing."

Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hand, and then disappeared with a movement. Wen Wenhai returned to the table and sat down. He was actually very excited. He knew very well that as long as Chang Jun When they come out, he can enter the time acceleration zone to practice. This is a transformation process for them, so he still attaches great importance to this matter.

Now the entire Blood Killing Sect is practicing, and Wen Wenhai also wants to practice, but because he has to deal with the entire Blood Killing Sect, he still has a lot of things to be busy with, so he has less time to practice, although It is said that there is an automatic management system in the Blood Killing Sect now, and this automatic management system has been slowly accepted by the Blood Killing Sect disciples, but there are some things that still need to be handled by him. The number of Blood Killing Sect disciples is too large. There are too many things to deal with, so he has to deal with a lot of things every day. It is precisely because of this that his training time is compressed. This is something he does not want to see. He hopes to For a period of time, he could practice with peace of mind and improve his strength.

In Wen Wenhai's view, the biggest role of the time acceleration area is not only to accelerate time, but also to provide them with a place where they can practice without being disturbed at all, so that their strength will naturally improve a lot. Fast, so Wen Wenhai attaches great importance to entering the time acceleration zone.

The average disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not qualified to enter the Time Acceleration Zone now, and even ordinary disciples are not even qualified to know where it is. However, after going through these interfaces, they have learned a lot, and these things, It was enough for them to digest it for a period of time, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were very quiet during this period of time. They were either practicing or practicing in the real illusion, as if they were in retreat.

Of course, there are also many disciples who are in retreat at Daozi Mountain. There are many people at Daozi Mountain every day. Some people come and some leave. Those who come are those who want to practice mind, and those who leave are those who have understood Surprisingly, in any case, the strength of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has been greatly improved.

As for Shenjitang, they have been improving their magic circle recently. They want to make the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle more powerful, and also make the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle not only capable of It can be used on large-scale magic formations, and it can also be used on the external incarnations of Blood Killing Sect disciples. This is very important to them.

Not all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have external incarnations. You must know that the Blood Killing Sect is not only the disciples who followed up from the lower world, there are also many who were recruited here, and even now some disciples are admitted every day. , when these disciples first entered the Blood Killing Sect, only a small number of them could become the peripheral disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The rest were actually all dead warriors. These people were not qualified to be members of the Blood Killing Sect at all. incarnate.

The external incarnation is really of great help to the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Later, more and more functions were developed, and the external incarnation became more and more useful to the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Now the Blood Killing Sect disciples When the disciples of the sect fought with the enemy, the difference in combat effectiveness between those with external incarnations and those without external incarnations was at least half. This shows how important this external incarnation is to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

A large part of the reason why the external incarnation is strong or weak is because of the relationship between the magic circle. Just like when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fight with the enemy, the external incarnation turns into armor and weapons. Their armor is very He is very powerful, and his weapons are also very powerful, but where did he come from? One is because the materials of the external incarnation are different, and the other reason is because their external incarnations are blessed with many magic circles. If there are more magic circles, different attributes will be given to the external avatars. This is very important for the external incarnation.

The external incarnation can follow the wishes of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and change the magic circle inside at any time to deal with different situations. However, not all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know the magic of the magic circle very well. People only know some of the simplest magic circle techniques. It is almost impossible to use the most suitable magic circle in battle.

But this problem has been solved by the Blood Killing Sect a long time ago. There are light brains in their external incarnations. There are many things stored in the light brains of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, and there are many things in them. The magic circle, and this light brain also has the ability to analyze, which can help the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect analyze the situation on the battlefield, and then propose what kind of magic circle is most suitable for the current situation, so as long as there is a magic circle, With the light brain, the external incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect disciple can exert its greatest power, and this is the reason why Zhao Hai made the external incarnation.

In the past, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may not have thought of this when using their external incarnations, but it is different now. After so many battles, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect already know how to do it correctly. They use the optical brain. It is precisely because they know how to use the optical brain correctly that their external incarnations are so powerful. It is precisely for this reason that in the last period of time in the Garuda Realm, basically Above are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, suppressing those eagle-faced men and fighting. This is an improvement.

Time passed little by little. After the Blood Killing Sect occupied the Garuda Realm, it seemed to be completely silent. Everyone was practicing hard and had no time to care about anything else. In this way , they naturally forgot about time, and a few months passed before they knew it.

Wen Wenhai was dealing with matters in the Blood Killing Sect in his room that day. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he said: "Come in." As soon as his voice fell, his room The door was pushed open, and then a person walked in. When he saw the person, Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, but then he stood up with a look of surprise.

"Old Chang, you've finally come out. I thought you died inside?" As soon as Wen Wenhai saw the person coming in, he couldn't help laughing and went up to him. At the same time, he hugged the person hard. Needless to say, the person who came was none other than Chang Jun. He just came out of customs and came to see Wen Wenhai.

Chang Jun let go of Wen Wenhai, looked at him carefully, and then said with a smile: "Not bad, the strength has actually improved. It seems that the progress has been great in this period of time, very good, you are in Garuda I’ve heard everything about what happened here, and you did a great job, occupying the Garuda Realm in such a short time, and you did a really good job.”

Wen Wenhai followed him and sat down, and then said with a wry smile: "We also suffered a big loss this time. There is nothing to be proud of. Okay, you can just come out. The boss told me that when you come out of confinement, After that, I will hand over to you, and you will be responsible for the war on the next interface, and I will go into retreat."

When Chang Jun heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "You guy, it's your turn too. I think you can't wait, right? But I still have to see the sect master before I can come back to hand over to you." , I have come out of seclusion, but I haven’t gone to see the sect master yet.” Chang Jun came out of seclusion, just to say hello to Wen Wenhai, and then go to see Zhao Hai, so naturally he couldn’t stay here for too long.

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he was about to speak when he heard a voice saying: "Yes, your strength has improved very well. It seems that this retreat is still very beneficial to you." This voice appeared. It was very sudden, but Wen Wenhai and the others were not too surprised. They immediately turned to look at the door of Wen Wenhai's room. Zhao Hai was standing outside the door of Wen Wenhai's room, looking at them with a smile.

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun immediately stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and then walked into the room and said to the two of them: "I knew Chang Jun you were out of seclusion, so I wanted to see you, but I heard that You have come here, come and take a look. Yes, Chang Jun, you are practicing very well indeed. As long as you polish it over a period of time, your strength will definitely not be weaker than Xiaosi and the others. Very good, it means you have practiced seriously, I am very happy."