c7517 water World

This is a fairyland-like scenery, with beautiful corals of various colors, countless luminous aquatic plants, and fish of various colors, some are beautiful, some are bright, some are ferocious, some are weird, the surrounding light is not It's very bright, but it's this somewhat dim light that gives the scenery here a touch of fantasy.

Now Chang Jun and the others were all staring blankly at the beautiful scenery on the projection. They never thought that such a scenery appeared on the projection. This made them unable to react for a while, and then they discovered that, The five puppet disciples began to move slowly, because they were surrounded by various small fish and water plants. They did not find any intelligent things or enemies, so they naturally had to move. .

They first swam downstream, but soon they touched the ground. It was full of mud and sand, and there was nothing there. You couldn't even tell that it was a pure land. Then they swam up again, but they found that they seemed to be unable to reach the top. They swam up a thousand meters, but when they looked up, it was still sea water, and they still saw countless schools of fish above their heads.

This is a world of water. There is no water surface here. This is a world of water. The whole world is full of water, and it is also sea water. There are countless swimming fish, countless aquatic plants, and countless strange things in the water. But It seems so peaceful here, and the scenery is so beautiful, it makes people want to take a second look after just one glance, and they will never forget it.

It took a while for Chang Jun to come back to his senses. He took a careful look at the scenery in the projection. Then he thought for a while and then said in a deep voice: "Old Chen, come here." His voice also turned everyone's attention. Their minds were all pulled back from the projection, and everyone turned to look at him. Most people had puzzled looks in their eyes. Only Zhu Yong and Sun Buyu showed a look of understanding in their eyes. .

Shun Li quickly arrived at Chang Jun's side and said to Chang Jun: "What are the instructions from Elder Chang?" They are usually friends, and it doesn't matter how they talk, but not now. Now Chang Jun is the commander of the Blood Killing Sect, so When talking to him now, you must not be too casual, and Shu Li also seems very formal.

Chang Jun turned to look at Shu Li and said, "I heard that the alien clan can transform into Kun after upgrading, is that true?" As soon as Chang Jun said this, those who didn't understand what Chang Jun wanted to do , there was a look of surprise on their faces, and they finally understood why Chang Jun called Shu Li over.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "Becoming Kun is a bit too much, but turning into a big fish is no problem. I will have my disciples prepare immediately and be ready for orders at any time." Shun Li will not be polite. Their alien clan has undergone this upgrade. After that, their strength improved very quickly. Although there was no way to compare with the golden-winged rocs they fought with, their strength was quite good. At least it was the same as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Most importantly, they could still Through training, improving their own strength, and having external incarnations, their fighting power cannot be underestimated.

Chang Jun said: "Okay, let them get ready. I'm afraid it will be up to them this time." Shu Li responded, and then directly used the communication circle to give the order. He didn't need it at all. I'll give the order when I get back. The Blood Killing Sect's communication is very convenient now.

Chang Jun ignored Shu Li and turned to the others: "Immediately tell the disciples when we get back that this time we are going to an underwater world and ask them to be prepared. Listen, you guys, now Don't build a base to avoid being discovered by the enemy. Stay where you are and don't move. When we are ready, we will give you orders." This last sentence was directed at the puppet disciples, because there was water there. For the world, they must make more preparations, otherwise they will suffer a loss, so he first asked the puppet disciples to lurk and wait for their orders.

The puppet disciples responded with a cry, then turned into several metal balls and fell directly to the bottom of the sea, motionless. But Chang Jun turned to Sun Buyu at this time and said: "Buyu, tell me, what do you think?" Sun Buyu was his chosen commander, and at this time, he naturally wanted to listen to his opinion. .

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "All disciples will immediately enter the real illusion and conduct underwater training. Only in the real illusion can this kind of training be best carried out. They are not required to be able to behave like fish underwater. They are flexible, but they must also be able to fight underwater, and then train for a period of time in the sea entering our Xuanwu Space. We must ask the sea people to cooperate so that they can enter the Dragon Realm."

The Hai Clan is a special race in the Blood Killing Sect. They are a race that appeared after the formation of the Xuanwu Space. They live in the sea and generally do not participate in battles. Zhao Hai has no idea of ​​letting them participate in the battle, so Hai Clan has no intention of letting them participate in the battle. The clan has always been very mysterious, and there are few people who come into contact with the Blood Killing Clan.

But like Sun Buyu and others, they all know the existence of the Hai Clan, and they also know that Zhao Hai also attaches great importance to the Hai Clan. The strength of the Hai Clan is also good. Many giant beasts in the Blood Killing Sect are actually They were transformed after the death of the people from the Sea Tribe, and those giant beasts were all transformed after the people from the Sea Tribe died in battle. It can be seen that the Sea Tribe was also a part of Zhao Hai's power in the past.

But the interface they are going to attack now is a water interface. Of course, Sun Buyu thought of the Sea Clan immediately, so he only raised this opinion when he heard about it. After Chang Jun and the others listened to Sun Buyu's opinion, they all nodded. They felt that Sun Buyu's proposal was very good, so Chang Jun agreed directly.

After agreeing to this matter, there was nothing else to do. The next step was to train the disciples. Chang Jun and the others naturally dispersed, and Shu Li also returned to the place where the alien clan lived. Although Chang Jun The Alien Clan was not allowed to fight in the first place, but Chang Jun gave him the order, which means that the Alien Clan must be involved in this battle. This is definitely good news for them.

Shun Li also knew that although the alien clan could participate in the war now, it was indeed inappropriate to do so because there were so few masters among the alien clan. Only a few of them could be considered masters, and the rest could only be considered masters. Compared with the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, although their strength is not weak, if they want to be the vanguard of the attack on the dragon world now, they are really not qualified.

But because they can transform, Chang Jun gave them a chance. As long as they can participate in this war, their contribution points will be huge, which will also be very beneficial to the development of the alien clan. At the same time, it will also make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect start to truly face the alien clan, and slowly the alien clan will be completely integrated into the Blood Killing Sect.

After the other elders returned, they immediately began to arrange for disciples to train. One advantage of training in a real illusion is that it can imitate any environment, so after knowing that the new interface is a water world, Blood The disciples of the Killing Sect went directly into the real illusion to train without being arranged, and they also trained in the water world, that is, to train themselves how to fight underwater.

Another advantage of training in the real illusion is that you can train for a longer period of time. After ten hours of training in the real illusion, only one hour has passed in the outside world. Of course, this is the most ideal state. Most disciples Yes, after training in the real illusion for about four to five hours, only one hour passed in the outside world.

This kind of training saves a lot of time for the Blood Killing Sect. In addition, the external incarnations of the Blood Killing Sect disciples can change into various shapes according to changes in the environment, so the Blood Killing Sect disciples can quickly I have mastered the method of fighting in the water, and it seems to work well.

But even so, this kind of training lasted for about ten days, and then the second phase of training began, which was sparring. These disciples were divided into two teams for confrontation training. They were constantly fighting with each other. , engage in underwater battles to improve their underwater combat effectiveness.

This kind of confrontation training lasted for about ten days, and then Sun Buyu directly threw all the disciples into the sea in the Xuanwu Space, and then asked the Sea Clan to take action to train these disciples. This time, those disciples suffered a lot. It’s a little bit of a pain, because when they were doing combat training underwater, their opponents were still humans, disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and their fighting methods were similar to them. Although they might have made many fake opponents in the real illusion, but There is no way to compare with the real Hai Clan, and there is no way to compare with the real Haili, so those disciples suffered a lot at the hands of the Hai Clan and suffered a lot, but this also made them I really understand how to fight in the water.

The armor of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect has also undergone some changes. The changes to the armor of the Blood Killing Sect disciples are very huge. Their armor has many textures, and the surface is also smoother, and the front, back, left and right sides of their armor , also have water spouts, which allow their armor to move freely in the water, but become lower under the influence of sea water.

This kind of training lasted for more than a month. Finally, when Sun Buyu felt that the training was almost done, about a month and a half had passed since those puppet disciples entered the Dragon Realm. It can be said that this is the Blood Killing Sect. The disciple entered a new interface to conduct reconnaissance, and it took the longest time until formal preparations were started on that interface.

When Sun Buyu thought that the training was completed, he naturally reported the matter to Chang Jun, who immediately invited all the core elders to the command hall. After all the elders arrived, Chang Jun looked at the crowd and said, "Our early preparations are almost complete, and the disciples have been trained. Then the next step is to attack the Dragon Realm. Do you have any opinions?"

Everyone shook their heads. They had been waiting for this day for a long time, how could they have any objections? In fact, they all couldn't wait.