c7512 Ascension platform

When Chang Jun heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression was filled with excitement. He bowed to Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, thank you for your praise. Chang Jun was the one who wanted to die. It was the Sect Master who saved my life. If it weren't for it, Sect Master, Chang Jun can no longer practice. Now Chang Jun can not only practice, but also achieve today’s achievements, all because of Sect Master. Chang Jun always keeps it in his heart and dare not forget it for a moment." Chang Jun’s words It's sincere. If it weren't for Zhao Hai, they would have died long ago. Then people would have achieved such achievements today.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, waved his hand and said: "That's all, you are able to achieve what you are today all because of your hard work, and it doesn't have much to do with me. Okay, let's not talk about it anymore. This time you are out of trouble." If it is closed, then we must take over Wen Hai's affairs and let him go into seclusion as soon as possible. Now that the sect has nothing to do, you can take care of it. After a while, the sect's disciples will digest all the gains in the Garuda Realm. Now, we are about to attack the next interface. When attacking the next interface, you will be the main one, so you must be mentally prepared."

Chang Jun responded, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said to Wen Wenhai: "Wen Hai, you should hand over the matters in hand to Chang Jun as soon as possible in the past few days, and then go to retreat. Your current strength is really It’s too bad, this time I’m going to let Baiyan and the others and Yuanzheng and the others go with you.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then said: "Boss, if Bai Yan and Lao Gu are allowed to go, what about the attack on the new interface? By then, I'm afraid Lao Chang will have no one available, right?" Wen Wenhai It's not that Haidao looks down on the other elders, but that the command level of the other elders is really not up to the level of Gu Yuanzheng and Bai Yan.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I just want them to go into seclusion and let others try their hand at command. At the same time, it is also to train the people in the staff department. Our Blood Killing Sect has such a large staff department. If we don't do a good job It’s really a pity to use them, so I asked them to go into seclusion and magnify the role of the general staff.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately responded to Zhao Hai: "Yes, boss, then I know what to do." Wen Wenhai was actually very satisfied with the work of the staff department, but he also felt that, The role of the general staff seemed to have not been fully utilized. Now that Zhao Hai said this, he was relieved.

At this moment, Zhao Hai's expression moved slightly, and then he turned to Wen Wenhai and the others and said, "Uncle Yao, he came back from the Black and White Battlefield. He said he has something important to say, so please call everyone to the hall." Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, then immediately responded, and then directly began to summon all the core elders, asking them to gather in the command hall immediately.

When Zhao Hai, Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun arrived at the command hall, elders had already arrived, and Yao Jianhao naturally arrived too. However, he looked anxious now. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai, he stepped forward to salute and opened his mouth to say something. What, was interrupted by Zhao Hai waving his hand, and then said: "Let's talk together after everyone arrives." After saying that, he walked to the main seat and sat down, closing his eyes slightly, as if he wanted to rest. .

Yao Jianhao also knew that it would be better to talk together when everyone arrived. Anyway, things were urgent, so it was not urgent for a while, so he breathed a sigh of relief, then sat down, and even chatted with Chang Jun. , asked him some things about training.

After a while, all the elders arrived. After all the elders arrived, Zhao Hai said to Yao Jianhao: "Uncle Yao, tell me what happened." Zhao Hai knew that Yao Jianhao would not come to see him if he had nothing to do. His, so he went straight to the point and didn't talk useless nonsense.

Yao Jianhao stood up, clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, I just learned that the ascension platform at the Black and White Battlefield has not seen anyone ascend for a long time. This situation has never happened before. However, it is very abnormal. If no one there really ascends in the future, it will still have a great impact on our Blood Killing Sect. Please take a closer look, sect leader." After Yao Jianhao finished speaking, he saluted Zhao Hai. He said about this matter But we take it very seriously.

In fact, this matter should be taken seriously. The reason why the Blood Killing Sect received so many new disciples when they arrived at the Black and White Battlefield was because of the ascension platform there. If no disciples ascended on that ascension platform, then This is not a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. It means that the Blood Killing Sect no longer has fresh blood to replenish it. This is a big blow to the Blood Killing Sect, which is why Yao Jianhao is so nervous.

When they heard what Yao Jianhao said, Zhao Hai and the others were really startled. Then Zhao Hai looked at Yao Jianhao with some confusion and said, "It's been a long time since a newcomer has ascended? How long has it been?" Zhao Hai looked so puzzled. He was very calm and didn't look anxious, which surprised Yao Jianhao.

Yao Jianhao said solemnly: "It has been ten days. In these ten days, no one has ascended from that ascension platform, so I feel that the matter is a bit serious. Sect Master, if no one really ascends from there, Then there will be no new members joining our Blood Killing Sect in the future, which is not a good thing for our Blood Killing Sect."

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "There is no need to worry about this. Now that the upgrade of our alien clan has been completed, hundreds of new alien disciples will be born every day. They can be regarded as the fresh blood of our Blood Killing Sect, and they are in the process of transforming the remaining two Once the interface is taken down, we can go to Wanshan Realm. When we get to Wanshan Realm, are we still afraid that no disciples will join? So we don’t have to worry too much. If there are no new disciples there, there won’t be any. Don’t be too worried. What to worry about too much.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Yao Jianhao was stunned at first, but then he felt that it made sense. Without new disciples ascending, it would not have much impact on the current Blood Killing Sect. When they arrived at Wanshan Realm, Are you still afraid that no disciple will ascend? You really don’t need to worry too much about this issue.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "No one is ascending on the ascension platform. I'm not very worried. What I'm worried about is, is there something unexpected happening here in the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon? If nothing happens, then Why is there an ascension? Let’s discuss this matter.”

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were stunned at first, and then they all understood what Zhao Hai meant. If there are no disciples ascending, then no one will ascend. They don't really care about this, but why no disciples ascend, this is the most important thing. , there have been people flying up before, but now they suddenly disappear. This is very abnormal. If we don’t find out the reason, it will definitely not work.

Wen Wenhai's face was a little solemn and he said: "Ten days ago, nothing extraordinary happened. Could it be that something happened in the outside world and affected our world of Tianlong Babu?" This is the most reasonable explanation. But it is also the explanation that everyone is least willing to believe, because if this is really the case, it means that a big change has happened outside, and things will definitely not be easy to handle.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, suddenly smiled and said: "No matter what happens outside, it will not have much impact on us now, as long as there is no problem with our current spaces, Wen Hai, Please arrange to conduct an inventory of the several spaces we currently occupy and see if there are any changes in the several spaces we currently occupy. If there are no changes, then there is no need to worry about it. The life and death outside now , we don’t need to take care of it at all, but we must pay attention to the two space channels connecting us with the outside world to see if anyone attacks there."

Wen Wenhai responded immediately. He knew very well that what was happening in the outside world now really did not have much impact on them, but if someone really attacked those space cracks, it might really If there is trouble, they must be more careful.

Zhao Hai turned to look at the others, and then said: "Wen Hai will go to retreat in a few days, and Wen Hai's work will be taught to Chang Jun. Everyone still has to do their own thing well, and wait until we kill the sect." After digesting everything we have learned now, we can attack the next interface. If I guessed correctly, the next interface is the Dragon Realm. If it is really the Dragon Realm, then we must be careful. Well, everyone should know that dragons have always been a symbol of strength, so the next interface will definitely be more difficult to defeat, and we must be careful."

Everyone responded, Zhao Hai looked at everyone, and then said: "Okay, that's it, let's all leave." Everyone then stood up, saluted to Zhao Hai, and then walked out. , they all know that Zhao Hai actually doesn't like these vulgar etiquette very much, but they still have the etiquette they should have, but it is much more casual than other sects.

Wen Wenhai, Chang Jun and Yao Jianhao did not leave. Zhao Hai glanced at the three of them, and finally turned to Yao Jianhao and said: "Uncle Yao, you should also go back to practice. If there are no new ascended disciples, then there will be no more. From now on we will fight The management and education of the low-level disciples of the Killing Sect will all be left to you, but you only need to watch them a little bit and don't miss out on your own training."

Yao Jianhao responded, saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left. After Yao Jianhao left, Zhao Hai turned to Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun and said, "You two should have made preparations earlier. Done, Wenhai, go to retreat earlier, go ahead."

They both responded, then turned and left. Looking at the two people leaving, Zhao Hai let out a long sigh, and then murmured: "No one has ascended. This is indeed a bit strange. Is it possible that this ascension platform still has a period of use? But this ascension platform , it was established by the Buddhist power. After reaching a certain level, this ascension platform is useless? This is possible, but if this is really the case, does that mean that the ascension platform is also useless? Can we build it ourselves? If that is the case, then it would be good news for us."nt

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.