c7519 profound meaning

Chang Jun turned to Zhu Yong and the others and said: "If the creatures in the Dragon Realm are really real and alive, and are not affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, what should we do? In this case, we really I didn't expect it." Chang Jun really didn't expect this situation, that's why he said this.

Zhu Yong glanced at the others, and then said in a deep voice: "Even if they are true, so what? We, the Blood Killing Sect, have come through countless killings, and all those who stand in front of us, They all deserve to die, no matter whether they are really alive or not, as long as they block our way, let us die."

Everyone else nodded, Chang Jun also laughed, and then he immediately connected to Sun Buyu's communication circle, and then said: "Buyu, you remember, all the things that stand in front of our Blood Killing Sect. Everyone is our enemy, no need to be polite, just kill them."

When Sun Buyu heard what Chang Jun said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he responded and said to Chang Jun: "Yes, Elder Chang, I understand, please don't worry." After saying that, he ended the communication directly, and then directly Through the communication array, he said to the alien disciples: "Destroy all enemies without mercy."

As soon as they received his order, the aliens all cheered, and then the fish pounced on them. The alien family has never had any sympathy, their blood is cold, they treat their enemies extremely coldly, and they treat themselves too. They are very cold-blooded, so they are the best warriors, because they don't understand what emotions are at all.

As the aliens attacked, all the fish fled in all directions. Not only the fish, but also all the creatures living on the coral reefs fled in all directions. There was no way they could be the opponents of the aliens. The fighting power of those aliens could not be tolerated. contemptuous.

At this time, Jiuyun and the others also began to arrange the magic circle on the coral reef. This coral reef was very large, and now this was the first base of the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, Jiuyun had to arrange it carefully, because at this time It will be the starting point of the entire formation of the Blood Killing Sect in the Dragon Realm.

Jiuyun and the others arranged the magic circle very carefully, but they were also very fast. In only two days, he had already arranged the entire magic circle. This magic circle was not actually a five-element killer formation. It is not an ordinary defensive formation, nor is it a protective formation, but a phantom killing formation.

The Fantasy Killing Formation was not taken seriously by the Blood Killing Sect before, but in the Garuda Realm, the Fantasy Killing Formation played a very huge role. Those Dapeng were not afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation, although the Five Elements Killing Formation The formation has been upgraded several times, and its power is now extremely powerful. However, those Dapeng are still not afraid of the Five Elements Killing Formation. In this case, the Blood Killing Sect once used the Fantasy Killing Formation, and the Fantasy Killing Formation was used once. When used in conjunction with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the killing array is really powerful.

After Jiuyun and the others had arranged the magic formation, Sun Buyu took the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect directly into the phantom killing formation. Although they began to build some rooms inside the phantom killing formation, these The rooms all have internal space and can accommodate many disciples without having any impact on the phantom killing formation.

After everything was arranged, Sun Buyu directly ordered the disciples of the alien clan: "Use the coral reef as a base and clean up everything within a thousand miles of the coral reef. I don't want to see a living creature, so go ahead." The disciples of the alien clan responded immediately, then rushed out of the coral reef area and attacked all the creatures outside.

One of the biggest advantages of the alien clan is that they are obedient. They will complete all orders, no matter what the order is. Even if Zhao Hai asks them to kill an entire world, they will do it, even if they know that they may not be the one. They will still do it against opponents in the world. In the end, either that interface will be slaughtered by them, or they will all be killed.

Therefore, they did not show any sign of Sun Buyu's order, but let go of the pursuit, because the fish they attacked before were all real fish, and the aliens needed to eat, and they also liked to eat. Things, so not only did they not have any objection to Sun Buyu's order, but they were very happy.

Sun Buyu then turned to the other Blood Killing Sect disciples and said: "You cooperate with Jiuyun and must establish our Blood Killing Sect's base in the shortest possible time so that our Blood Killing Sect's army can have a The place to stay, don’t look at it. It’s calm now, nothing seems to happen, but I feel that there will be great danger here. Don’t forget, this is the Dragon Realm. How can there be no danger in the Dragon Realm? Go.” Everyone. In response, they immediately started moving. Under Jiuyun's command, they began to expand the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Regarding the expansion of the Blood Killing Sect's base, Sun Buyu and the others are very experienced, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are also very experienced. However, during the actual expansion, a person who is very proficient in the magic circle is still needed to direct it. Only Under the command of this person who is very proficient in magic formations, the magic formations they set up can be perfect.

What kind of magic circle is perfect? For the Blood Killing Sect, it can be used now when facing enemies. After occupying more territory in the future, it can also add more magic circles on the basis of this magic circle to make this magic circle more powerful. Such an array can be considered a nearly perfect array.

This kind of mountain-protecting formation of the Blood Killing Sect has always been like this. At the beginning, this kind of mountain-protecting formation was not very big, but when it was first built, it would leave room for upgrades. As the Blood Killing Sect's territory expands, their mountain-protecting formation will also become larger and larger. Because the formation left room for upgrade from the very beginning, so when the formation expands in the future, it will not have any impact on the formation. The impact is that the initial magic circle will only become part of the larger formation. There is no need to dismantle the original magic circle and re-establish the magic circle. This is the most important thing.

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who are really good at forming magic formations can do this. With the help of their optical brains, it is actually not very difficult to do this. Of course, if they are ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples, , still can't do this, even with the help of optical brain, it is not easy for them to do this.

You must know that setting up a large magic circle is not an easy task for monks from other sects, because there are too many things to calculate when setting up a large magic circle. It does not mean that you can just find a place. , then just put the array plate, array flags and other things there, and you can directly arrange a magic circle. The magic circle arranged in this way can only be a small magic circle, but a large magic circle is absolutely not possible. A large magic circle will not work. The magic circle will be affected by the terrain. Changes in the terrain will affect the energy transmission of the magic circle. If there is a problem with the energy transmission, then this large magic weapon may not even be able to be arranged, and it will collapse on its own. Broken.

But for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it is different. For other people, it takes a long time to calculate things. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use their brains and can calculate it in only a short time. Because of this, it seems very easy for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to set up a large magic circle, but it would be too difficult for the disciples of other sects to set it up. It is precisely because of this that the Great Mountain Protector Large-scale magic formations such as formations are very important to any sect, and only some large sects have the ability to deploy large-scale mountain-protecting formations. Generally, small sects do not have such ability. , they don’t have that much supplies, and they can’t hire anyone to arrange the magic circle for them.

Sun Buyu has been paying attention to the situation of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He is now standing in a radar ship, looking at the radar screen in front of him, which shows the situation of all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, he can also see clearly , the situation within thousands of miles around, this is the power of radar.

He could clearly see the situation of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and also the situation of the fish. There were many fish within a thousand miles, but these fish seemed to feel the danger. Now they were fleeing in all directions, while the disciples of the Alien Clan were They are chasing those fish. Their stomachs seem to be bottomless pits. No matter how much food they put in, they will never feel full.

In fact, this is also an ability of those disciples of the alien clan. Their mouths can emit golden light and form a golden vortex. As long as they are sucked into this golden vortex, the opponent will immediately turn into the most primitive energy. Being absorbed by him, they would never talk about eating or drinking.

But the golden vortex in the mouths of the alien disciples cannot be seen by ordinary people. Their golden vortex is actually inside the mouth. Only after they swallow the prey into their mouths will they enter the vortex, not Like the previous Kuns, it has a vortex in its mouth that you can see.

For the alien disciples, when they hunt those fish, it is not only to drive away those fish, but also a process of absorbing energy. If those fish are eaten, the fish will turn into energy. This is actually It is regarded as a training process for them, a process for them to absorb energy, so they will not let this opportunity go.

The alien clan was very fast in the water, and precisely because of this, their hunting was very successful. Countless fish were directly hunted by them, and Jiuyun and the others also began to arrange magic circles. The area is also constantly expanding, and the base of the Blood Killing Sect is slowly taking shape.

Chang Jun frowned slightly as he looked at the situation on the screen, then turned to Zhu Yong and said, "Those fish don't seem to be in any danger, right? Why do you have to clean up those fish? Isn't this a waste of time?" Is that so?" Chang Jun didn't sympathize with those fish, he just felt that it was a waste of time for Sun Buyu to do this.

Zhu Yong smiled slightly and said: "There should be a reason why Buyu did this. The Dragon World we are facing is a water world, and the Dragon Clan should be the ruler there. If those fish can pass information to the Dragon Clan, then for us It's not a good thing for them, so Buyu will clean them up. Of course, this is also my guess. Only Buyu himself knows whether this is the case."nt

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.