c7515 commander

As for Cheng Wanchun, it is even more unlikely. Cheng Wanchun is very smart, and he is also very talented. His talent is very similar to Ding Chunming's talent. They are both powerful, but there are some differences. Yes, his strength may not be as great as Ding Chunming's, but his defensive power may be stronger than Ding Chunming's.

This man has been Zhao Hai's servant for a long time. The most important thing is that he is too loyal to Zhao Hai. How loyal is he? Although he is very smart and very capable, he just doesn't want any position or do anything. He just wants to practice and keep practicing to make himself stronger and make himself stronger. His defense becomes stronger, and one day, when Zhao Hai encounters a strong enemy and is in danger, he can stand in front of Zhao Hai. Even if he is killed, as long as he can give Zhao Hai He would be satisfied if he held off the enemy.

And because he had been Zhao Hai's guard for a period of time before, he now always said that he was Zhao Hai's guard. Even if Zhao Hai told him that he was not needed as a guard, it would not work. He still He regards himself as Zhao Hai's guard. In fact, he also understands that his strength is far behind Zhao Hai. He works as Zhao Hai's guard and doesn't know who is protecting whom, but he is so dead. I just don't want to do anything else.

Cheng Wanchun said something. He said that he knew that his strength was incomparable to Zhao Hai, but the guard did not necessarily have to be stronger than the master. When the master was in danger, he would rush forward and block him. In front of the master, it is enough. In order to allow himself to hold off the enemy for a longer period of time, he is now desperately practicing his defense. Now his defense is definitely the highest in the Blood Killing Sect, and is the best outside of Zhao Hai. Strong. How could such a guy be the commander?

Of course Zhu Yong also knew what was going on. In fact, he felt that Cheng Wanchun's approach was very correct. Even Sun Buyu's approach was very correct. Sun Buyu liked to stay with the alien cavalry. In his hands, the alien cavalry brigade has always maintained an extremely powerful combat effectiveness, so their choice can be said to be very correct.

But it is undeniable that the two of them have very strong commanding abilities. Speaking of this, it is actually very interesting. The reason why the two of them have strong commanding abilities is related to their ideals. Sun Buyu thought He has been staying with the Alien Cavalry, so he wants the Alien Cavalry to maintain a strong combat effectiveness. For this goal, he analyzed the first battle of the Blood Killing Sect and then made a summary. It is precisely because of this that his His commanding ability has also become very powerful. Zhu Yong and others have read some of the post-war summaries he wrote. They can be said to be the best ones among them all. It is precisely because of this that Zhu Yong is the Recommend him to Chang Jun.

Cheng Wanchun is even more interesting. This guy was originally a low-key person, but later he was asked to write a post-war summary, which shocked everyone. His post-war summary was similar to Others are different. Others are talking about what problems the Blood Killer Sect had when they attacked, or what holes the enemy had. However, his post-war summary is completely different. He will use both sides to imagine the enemy. To write this battle summary, that is to say, after every battle, he would write two battle summaries, and he would write them as imaginary enemies of both sides.

In other words, he would write a battle summary as the commander of the Blood Killing Sect, mainly for their enemies, while the other one would be from the enemy's perspective, and he would write a battle summary for them. The most important thing is that his battle summaries have some very strange characteristics, that is, his battle summaries are all focused on defense, and all of them are focused on defense against Zhao Hai.

In other words, he first needs to analyze the various attacks of the enemy from the perspective of the Blood Killer Sect, and how they want to protect Zhao Hai, and most importantly, how to protect Zhao Hai. To analyze, if he is the enemy and Zhao Hai is the enemy's general, then how should they defend against the Blood Killing Sect's attack and how to protect their own general? His summary of the battle can be said to be that in the Blood Killing Sect, Be unique and different from everyone else.

But when Wen Wenhai and the others saw his post-war summary, they would always feel cold sweat breaking out on their bodies, because they felt that if this Cheng Wanchun really became their enemy, then they would It is really too difficult to defeat the enemy. Even his post-war summary is often used as a reference for the staff. It can be said that his defense and protection of the generals have been thoroughly studied. If he is really allowed to be the leader of an army, as long as he puts a little more emphasis on defense into offense, then he can become one of the people with the strongest commanding ability in the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhu Yong had seen Cheng Wanchun's post-war summary. To be honest, when he saw that post-war summary, he broke into a cold sweat because he found that Cheng Wanchun's post-war summary was really They were so awesome. At the same time, they also found that their protection of Zhao Hai seemed to be insufficient. This was their negligence.

Of course, in the entire Blood Killing Sect, who needs protection the least? That must be Zhao Hai, because Zhao Hai is the most powerful person in the Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that he alone is protecting the entire Blood Killing Sect now, rather than the people of the Blood Killing Sect protecting him, so Zhu Yong and the others Before, I wasn't really too concerned about Zhao Hai's security work.

But after seeing Cheng Wanchun's summary, they suddenly felt that they had not done enough. At the same time, this also reminded them of one thing. When Zhao Hai was in the lower realm, he was killed by a finger from the upper realm. The attack, that incident, was really very dangerous. Mr. Zhen lost his life because of that incident, and Zhao Hai also tried his best to block the attack. If one day, If there was such an attack, if no one helped Zhao Hai block it at that time, would Zhao Hai still be able to block that blow? No one can tell clearly, but if Zhao Hai really can't block that blow, if something really happens to Zhao Hai, then the Blood Killing Sect will be over.

It is precisely because of this that Zhu Yong and the others have now begun to design a plan, that is, how to protect Zhao Hai, not just for daily protection, but also on the battlefield. If an enemy attacks Zhao Hai, And if the situation is dangerous, how can they stand in front of Zhao Hai in the shortest time and help Zhao Hai block the blow? This is what they need to think about.

It was precisely because he discussed these things with Cheng Wanchun that Zhu Tong knew how strong Cheng Wanchun's commanding ability was, and he pushed Cheng Wanchun to Chang Jun. He just wanted Cheng Wanchun to be the commander. This commander is probably unlikely, because Cheng Wanchun has no such intention at all.

Zhu Yong looked at Chang Jun and said: "I can't guarantee it with Lao Cheng. You also know that that guy's thoughts are all about how the young master can block the knife, so the possibility of him becoming the commander is actually very low. As for Sun Buyu, I think we can train him. He is now the captain of the Alien Cavalry, but he can also be the commander of the front line. Anyway, this is only a temporary position. When the battle is over, his position will automatically is cancelled, he can be the captain of the cavalry and the frontline commander at the same time, there is no conflict."

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, but then he patted his head involuntarily, right? Who said that the captain of the cavalry can't be a front-line commander? He can be the captain of the cavalry and also be the front-line commander at the same time. Officer, anyway, the cavalry team does not have many combat tasks in every battle, and when they appear, it is often the decisive moment of victory, so this really does not have much impact on Sun Buyu.

"Then let Sun Buyu be the frontline commander. As for the captain of the Alien Cavalry, let him be the captain. As for the veteran, forget it. That guy will never be the commander. Now he can't even practice, I heard that he went to Daozi Mountain again?" Chang Jun said to Zhu Yong.

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Yes, he went to Daozi Mountain again, saying that he had some insights and wanted to go there to retreat for a period of time. That guy is very smart, but he is also very stubborn. ." Zhu Yong is also very impatient about this. Speaking of which, in the Blood Killing Sect, if any disciple is not loyal to Zhao Hai, I am afraid he will not let them die for Zhao Hai. Some people disagree, but there really is no one like Cheng Wanchun.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "That's fine, let's be honest. I think what Lao Cheng did is the most correct thing. The sect leader is everything in the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone in the Blood Killing Sect can be killed." , as long as the sect leader is still there, the Blood Killing Sect will be restored sooner or later, and the traditions of all of us can be passed down. If something really happens to the sect leader, then all of us will die, I'm afraid. None of them can survive.”

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "Of course, so although I am impatient, I still fully support Lao Cheng. Even Lao Ding and the others are somewhat affected by Lao Cheng, and we have also begun to study how to better You have protected the sect leader well, so you can rest assured that nothing will happen to the sect leader, absolutely nothing will happen."

Chang Jun nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, that's the best if it can be like this. Let's do this. I'll go talk to Sun Buyu right away. You can come too, and the two of us will talk to him together. Maybe the situation It will be better." After saying that, he walked out. There is no need to talk to Sun Buyu in the command hall, just go to his room.

Zhu Yong did not refuse, but smiled and followed Chang Jun to his room. Sun Buyu, the frontline commander, must make sure to come as soon as possible. After all, they have begun to prepare to use troops against Longjie. If When the war begins, the frontline commander has not yet been determined, so their battle,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.