c7513 calm

The Blood Killing Sect is still so calm. If there is really any important thing, there is only one thing, that is, Wen Wenhai is going to retreat. There are a thousand people who are going to retreat with him, and now Chang Jun is officially He took over Wen Wenhai's work, but this had almost no impact on the Blood Killing Sect. Apart from the fact that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew about it when they received the notice, no one said a word.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all practicing now. They want to progress and get a higher position, but they will not trap others, or want to kill those who are stronger than themselves, because they are very Clearly, there is no point in doing that, because those who are stronger than them can only walk a little faster than them at most. Their end points are the same, and there are many places at their end points, even if they are all Even if everyone passes by, there will be no crowding. In other words, those people will not pose any threat to them, nor will they snatch their positions or their supplies. In this case, if they still want to deal with As for those people, we can only say that they are really perverted.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have their own ways of earning contribution points, and the contribution points can buy a lot of things and exchange them for a lot of things. These things are very important. As long as they have contribution points, they can get the skills. , can get all materials, so they don't have to envy others at all. The most important reason why you can't move as fast as others now is that you are not as talented as others.

It is precisely because of this that there will be no fights between the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Although they will have some good friends, under normal circumstances, they will not have any enemies, because you don’t know when, before you Your enemy may become your comrade-in-arms, a comrade-in-arms who fights side by side with you and experiences life and death together. Therefore, disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not make enemies or offend others.

It is precisely because of this that the Blood Killing Sect has always been very stable and stable. There are rarely any disputes between disciples. Even if there are disputes, it is only due to differences in training. Arguing will not have any impact on the relationship between them.

The reason for this is that firstly, the supplies of the Blood Killing Sect are too abundant. There are too many good things. Every disciple can get what they want, so they don't have to fight. The second is that they The exercises they practice are all the most suitable for them, so they don't have to fight. Of course, there are better ones among the exercises they practice. If you want to get them, just use contribution points to exchange them. Thirdly, Points, and the most important point, are contribution points, which are not difficult to obtain for disciples who have been killed in blood.

The Blood Killing Sect has many tasks. Of course, when fighting, the most contribution points are obtained. This is why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are so warlike. In addition to fighting, there are many ways for Blood Killing Sect disciples to get contribution points. In fact, what most Blood Killing Sect disciples are curious about is that in the Blood Killing Sect, there is a kind of contribution point that is no less than war merit. , that is the contribution point of the skill.

The so-called skill contribution points are a unique method of obtaining contribution points for the Blood Killing Sect. This method is actually very simple to say. It is just some of your experiences when practicing the skills. You can add them to your practice Record some of your experiences while practicing the exercises, and then give them to the sect. The sect does not mean to put your exercises directly in the Sutra Pavilion, or find a place to hide them, and then No matter, in fact, almost all the current techniques of the Blood Killing Sect have backups in the real illusion. Even the disciples' practice is the same. They all have backups in the real illusion, and these things can be Replace it with contribution points.

For example, you practice the Eight Postures of Bloody Fighting, and another person also practices the Eighth Postures of Bloody Fighting. When you practice the Eight Postures of Bloody Fighting, you gain some experience, and you write down your experience, and then Submitted it to the sect. After review, the sect found that your experience was different from others. In this way, the experience you wrote will be included in the Sutra Pavilion and then backed up to the real illusion. Go inside.

And other people who practice the Eight Postures of Bloody War, if they find that their practice has not improved for a long time and want to improve the Eighth Formation of Bloody War, then they will want to see how others practice the Eighth Formation of Bloody War. , they will enter the real illusion, and then find the backed up information. If he reads the previous disciple's experience, he will have to pay some contribution points, and those contribution points will be given to the disciple who can rest assured. In this way, they have a trading platform, and it is a trading platform without any layers, which is very popular among disciples.

This trading platform in the real illusion is called the Ten Thousand Volumes Book Pavilion by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The collection of books here is not only tens of thousands of volumes. The most important thing is that if you want to read a book here, you can automatically query it. As long as you tell the name of the technique you want to read and the general content of your experience, the light brain in the bookstore can help you find it directly, and there are many choices. That's why this place is so bloody and kills disciples. welcome.

There is also a rule in the Blood Killing Sect that the content you have read in the Wanjuanshu Pavilion cannot be told to other people. In this way, other people who want to learn the content of the experience can only go to the book Look at it in the pavilion. Every time you read it, the disciple who wrote his experience will get a contribution point. Although the amount obtained is not a lot, but the water flows slowly, the heart is still a lot.

It is precisely because of this that although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very eager for contribution points, they are not very anxious to get them, because even if they usually have some contribution points, they can exchange them for some Things, it's just that during wartime, we get more.

Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now use their contribution points a lot, to be honest, there are not many. The Blood Killing Sect will provide them with the most basic training materials and techniques, and these materials and skills are also very suitable for them. In addition to some training methods given to them by the sect during battles, these things do not require their contribution, and these things, for them, are actually is very useful.

Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are digesting all the things they got from the previous realms. These things are enough for them to digest for a period of time. It is precisely because of this that the Blood Killing Sect is so quiet now. , everyone is practicing hard, no one has time to do anything else.

In addition to the current automatic management system, the Blood Killing Sect has been used for a long time, and everyone is becoming more and more accepting of this thing. Because of this, managing the Blood Killing Sect is actually very simple, even though every day There are still some things to deal with, but compared to before, it is much simpler.

Chang Jun's previous status in the Blood Killing Sect was actually no better than that of Wen Wenhai. He and Wen Wenhai had always managed the Blood Killing Sect together, but it was only because he went to retreat that he was left to Wen Wenhai alone. Now that Wen Wenhai has gone into seclusion, letting him manage it alone will naturally cause no problems.

What Chang Jun has to do now is very simple, which is to check the current training progress of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as they digest all the things they got before, they can start preparing to attack. It’s about the next interface. This matter is the most important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai is still practicing at this time. His most important task now is to turn all the spiritual energy formations in his body into spherical formations. , his strength will definitely become more powerful. By that time, no one in Wanshan Realm will be his opponent.

Zhao Hai actually still has a sense of crisis now. Although no one is his opponent in the world of Tianlong, it seems that he is invincible. In fact, he may really be in the world of Tianlong. He is invincible in the world, but he is really hard to say what kind of situation it will be like in the Wanshan Realm. He is not sure how strong the masters in the Tianlong Babu Realm are, and whether they will. is his opponent.

The reason why we have such an idea is because of the existence of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragons. Where is this World of Heaven and Dragons? It is an inner space that the Buddhist power in Wanshan Realm refined by itself, and it is still an unfinished inner space. An unfinished inner space already has such great power. It is conceivable that the Eight Divisions of Demi-Dragon The great powers in the world are so powerful. In this case, how could he dare to take it lightly?

Although it is said that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has become so difficult in the Tianlong Babu Realm, even without the Shadow Clan's law power, the Tianlong Babu Realm is still very powerful and can produce How can such a powerful person in the inner space be any less powerful? It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai is so careful.

The reason why Zhao Hai wants to stay in the Tianlong Babu Realm for so long is to allow the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to practice here so that they can become stronger so that they can have the ability to protect themselves when they go to the Wanshan Realm in the future. , so he will focus on the training of Blood Killing Sect disciples here, and let Blood Killing Sect disciples participate in battles as much as possible to train them.

The second is for himself. He must practice here for a period of time to make himself stronger. Even if he comes to Wanshan World in the future, he cannot become the number one master in Wanshan World, but he must still have In terms of self-protection ability, he must also become one of the top people in Wanshan Realm. Only in this way can he keep the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, they will be targeted as soon as they arrive in Wanshan Realm, and he has no ability to protect himself. If so, the consequences will be very serious.

All disciples of the Blood Killing Sect know that Zhao Hai is the White Jade Pillar of the Blood Killing Sect, supporting the purple golden beam of the sea. Once Zhao Hai is gone, the Blood Killing Sect will be finished, and Zhao Hai himself knows this very well. Son, so he must protect himself, so he will not take risks and must be fully prepared.