c7518 real

"Okay, as long as no one has any objections, then the matter is settled. Sun Buyu, I will appoint you as the frontline commander. You will lead 10,000 elite disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then lead 10,000 alien clansmen to the Dragon Realm. Build a base first, and then expand it in the shortest time. I will give you three days. In three days, you have to build a base that can support millions of people. Do you have any? Question?" Chang Jun saw that no one had any objections and ordered directly.

"Yes, please don't worry, Elder Chang." Sun Buyu stood up and responded. He was not surprised at all to receive this order. From the time he was appointed as the frontline commander, he knew he would have Such an opportunity, so he was not surprised at all when he received this order.

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "Elder Ding, you must be ready to respond at any time. It has been more than a month since we sent out the puppet disciples. Although during this period, the puppet disciples did not find any abnormalities, but the enemy They may have been discovered a long time ago, so we must be prepared.”

Ding Chunming also responded without saying anything. Then Chang Jun turned to the others and said: "Everyone is ready to fight. Although it seems that there is no danger in the Dragon Realm, we are absolutely We can't take it lightly, everyone should go back and prepare. In two days, we will officially start taking action." Everyone agreed and exited the hall directly.

After everyone exited, Chang Jun also returned to his room. To be honest, he didn't feel any nervousness now, although what he said to others seemed to be very serious. What we are going to attack is the dragon world. , the enemy is very strong, but to be honest, he doesn't take it too seriously. The reason why is because he knows very well that there is no way that the Dragon Realm can be their opponent of the Blood Killing Sect. For this, he Very convinced.

The strength in the Dragon Realm may be very strong, and the environment there may not be suitable for the Blood Killing Sect to fight, but Chang Jun still believes that the people in the Dragon World cannot be their opponents. He has confidence in the Blood Killing Sect. He believes The Blood Killing Sect can definitely defeat its opponent, no matter who the opponent is.

Moreover, Chang Jun also commanded the army and fought several interfaces. In fact, he really had nothing to be nervous about. Although Wen Wenhai had always been in command before, and he could only be regarded as Wen Wenhai's deputy, in fact many things were He made the decision after discussing it with Wen Wenhai, so he didn't think that he could not win the Dragon Realm if he commanded the army alone.

Two days passed in the blink of an eye. Two days later, everyone arrived at the teleportation array. Then Chang Jun commanded his disciples and adjusted the teleportation array. Although everyone had external avatars on their bodies, they could do so on their own. Create a teleportation array, but this time they have to go out to fight. They must ensure that they are always in the best condition. At the same time, they must also ensure that they can go to many people at one time, so that they can have combat effectiveness, so They want to go through the teleportation array in the Blood Killing Sect.

Sun Buyu was leading Jiang Shenglin, Tang Yingyi and Chen Chu were standing on the edge of the teleportation array. Behind them, there were ten thousand Blood Killing Sect disciples and ten thousand Alien Clan disciples. All Blood Killing Sect disciples were now standing. Wearing tight-fitting iron armor, although these iron armors are tight-fitting, they are not chain armors. They look like they are made entirely of cloth and metal, but they also seem to be made of animal materials. They are very beautiful.

And those alien disciples were even easier to recognize. None of them wore armor, but they all stood there quietly, no one spoke. Although they had not participated in the battle, they had something about them. A very sturdy aura.

This is the case with the Alien Clan. Even though these Alien Clan are now all in human form, the fierce aura on their bodies cannot be concealed. Although the Alien Clan has changed their appearance many times now, the strength in their bones is still there. Such a cruel, cold-blooded emotion, but nothing can be changed.

Chang Jun looked at Sun Buyu and them. Sun Buyu also turned to look at Chang Jun. He was waiting for Chang Jun's order. Chang Jun nodded at Sun Buyu. Sun Buyu didn't say a word, he just raised his hand. , waved forward, and then he entered a teleportation array first. Tang Yingyi and the others behind them also entered the teleportation array immediately.

This teleportation array can hold 10,000 people at once. In other words, this teleportation array can transport half of their vanguard troops in one go. When all 10,000 people stand on the teleportation array, they will disappear directly. On the teleportation array, the Blood Killing Sect's teleportation array now has no white light. As long as it is ready and activated, it can disappear directly into the teleportation array.

Then the members of the alien clan also entered the teleportation array, and then disappeared into the teleportation array. Upon seeing this situation, Chang Jun also let out a long sigh, and then said: "Go back to the command hall and see how they are doing there. Come on, Old Ding, you must be prepared and provide support at any time." Ding Chunming responded, but he still followed everyone back to the command hall.

At this time, Sun Buyu and the others had arrived at the Dragon Realm. There were now five puppet disciples here, and they had turned into a large area. In this area, there was not only a teleportation array, but also some defensive arrays, and Sun Buyu and the others now appeared in the teleportation array.

As soon as he appeared in the teleportation array, Sun Buyu waved his hand, and everyone immediately started to move. They walked down from the teleportation array and retreated to the outside of the teleportation array. Then, a family of aliens immediately appeared on the teleportation array. After the alien clan also appeared, Sun Buyu immediately said: "The Five Elements Killing Formation."

He only said this, it was a teleportation array on the ground, but it flashed with light, and then turned into five spheres. A shield directly formed on these five spheres, and inside this shield, But there wasn't a drop of water, and the area of ​​the shield was quite large. At least there would be no problem for the 20,000 of them to move around inside.

Sun Buyu glanced at the surrounding situation, and finally set his sights on a piece of coral not far from them. Then he said in a deep voice: "Jiuyun, take people to that piece of coral and establish a base there. Build a base as quickly as possible that can provide security for at least 100,000 people. Let’s go.” Following Sun Buyu’s voice, a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect came out and responded. Then he pointed to a few people and walked toward them together. Walk outside the base.

This disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is very short and not surprisingly long. He can’t even walk very fast. However, Sun Buyu is very fond of him because this disciple named Jiuyun, he is The members of the Jiu Shugui clan were specially brought here by Sun Buyu, who was responsible for setting up the magic circle.

Sun Buyu turned to the disciples of the alien clan and said: "Everyone in the alien clan, listen, go outside the base immediately and clean up the coral reef area. Clean up all the creatures in the coral reef area. Go ahead." Those aliens The disciples all responded and then walked directly outside.

Although these alien disciples were all produced by the alien mother nest, their looks were different, but their heights were all about the same. Now when they heard Sun Buyu say this, they immediately took action, and everyone quickly They quickly walked out of the base and entered the sea water. As soon as they entered the sea water, they immediately turned into big fish. These big fish were all more than ten meters long, with black scales on their bodies and long hair on their heads. They have sharp horns, and the most surprising thing is actually their tails. Their tails don't look like fish tails. On the contrary, they look like crocodile tails. They are very long, and there are even longer ones on both sides of their bodies. He had four legs, but now they were all huddled on both sides of his body, motionless.

It can be said that their bodies are not completely like fish, nor are they completely like crocodiles. It is as if someone has placed the crocodile's tail and feet on the body of a big fish, and the head of this big horn is actually It has three sharp horns and a large mouth with very sharp teeth.

Although they looked very strange, their speed was not slow at all, and they were very fierce. As soon as they entered the water, they rushed straight towards the coral reef, attacking all the creatures on the coral reef. After attacking, these guys were indeed very fierce. In their eyes, all creatures were actually food. They rushed up and took a bite. Originally, Sun Buyu didn't care too much. He thought those creatures were just fantasy creatures. Or the Shadow Clan creatures. If those aliens bite them, they should disappear immediately, but they turn into black smoke and disappear.

But this time he guessed wrong. When the aliens bit the fish, the fish immediately spurted out blood, and were then eaten by the aliens. When he saw this situation, Sun Buyu couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately called an alien who had just eaten a fish to his side and said to the alien: "How did you feel when you attacked that fish just now? He Is it a real fish, or an illusion? Or a ShadowClan creature?"

The alien disciple immediately said: "It's real, it's a real fish. I ate it and it tasted very delicious." He said with absolute certainty, and smacked his lips as if he was relishing it. As soon as he saw his appearance, Sun Buyu's face became even more ugly, but he didn't say anything to this disciple, but waved his hand and let him leave.

After the disciple left, Sun Buyu immediately used the communication array to connect to Chang Jun's communication array. As soon as Chang Jun connected, Sun Buyu immediately said: "Elder Chang, the creatures in this interface seem to be... They are all real and alive, and they seem to have not been contaminated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so what should we do?"

Chang Jun had also seen the situation in the projection before, but he could only see the situation inside the base. As for the situation outside the base, they didn't see much, and they couldn't hear the sound, so they didn't know what happened between Sun Buyu and What did the alien disciple say? Now that he heard what Sun Buyu said, Chang Jun couldn't help but be startled. He really didn't expect that the creatures in the Dragon Realm were real. This was completely beyond his expectation.