c7514 Prepare

Chang Jun stood in the command hall of the Blood Killing Sect, and the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect were all sitting there. The Blood Killing Sect had been here in the Garuda Realm before and had been resting for several months. For several months, the Blood Killing Sect has been very quiet. It was only recently that it slowly gained popularity.

Of course, this also means that the disciples have completed their training and have digested what they have obtained from the Garuda Realm, which also means that they can attack the next interface. It is precisely because That's why Chang Jun invited all the core elders over.

Chang Jun glanced at everyone, then smiled and said: "Everyone, now that the disciples have been released, it is time for us to take action. We must attack the next interface. If we don't attack, Then Lao Wen and the others are about to leave seclusion. If they find us still here when Lao Wen and the others come out of seclusion, that guy will definitely laugh at us."

Everyone burst out laughing. They all knew that Chang Jun was joking. They would not attack another interface just to save face, but because they had really taken a long break this time. The disciples have all exited, so they must attack another interface.

The way of training is to be still and move. In the past few months, the Blood Killing Sect has been in a state of silence. Now it is time to move. Those disciples have digested the things before, but they have only digested them. I am afraid they have not truly digested them. Only through fighting can they make all the things they have understood become their own. This is also the reason why they must attack the next interface.

After a while, everyone became quiet, and Chang Jun said: "The sect leader said before that the next interface may be the Dragon Realm, and the dragon is a symbol of power. That means that the next interface will be more difficult to deal with. We must be mentally prepared for this. What do you think? Let’s hear it.”

Everyone looked at each other, and after the communication, Zhu Yong stood up and said: "I think we should use the previous method. We will conduct reconnaissance first, and then we will prepare for the attack. Of the several interfaces we passed, none of them are the same. , there are many various restrictions, and we really don’t know what the next interface will be like, so we must first conduct some reconnaissance to see what the dragon world is like, and then attack. "

Everyone nodded and agreed very much with Zhu Yong's words. What Zhu Yong said was not wrong at all. The Blood Killing Sect always planned before taking action. If they wanted to attack that interface, they had to conduct reconnaissance first. At the very least, they had to conduct reconnaissance. They know what kind of restrictions that interface has before they attack. This was also the standard process when they attacked other interfaces in the past, so no one objected.

Chang Jun nodded, and then turned to face the old man: "Mr. Zhen, the sect master said that most of the tasks of commanding the army in battle this time will be handed over to your staff. Your staff must There is no problem in formulating a more reasonable and practical battle plan, right?"

Mr. Zhen stood up, clasped his fists at Chang Jun and said, "Please don't worry, Elder Chang, we don't have any problems here." Mr. Zhen was actually very excited. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would hand over such an important task. When it came into his hands, he was very surprised, but he was still very happy, because he had always believed that the role of their general staff had not been fully utilized, but this time, Zhao Hai gave them He must seize this opportunity.

Chang Jun nodded, then he glanced at the others, and then said: "Let's do this. This time we will still send the puppet disciples to first enter the Dragon Realm to check the situation, and then enter with the army. I don't think this will be the case. Is there a problem? Mr. Array, you are still responsible for this matter. Let those puppet disciples prepare. After three days, let them enter the Dragon Realm and check the situation first. "

Elder Zhen responded, and Chang Jun continued: "I think everyone knows the order of the sect master. Elder Zhen and his staff will be the entire headquarters of our Blood Killing Sect in the future. When the war comes, where will they be?" Give an order and all of us will act according to it, everyone understands."

Everyone said in unison: "Yes, we understand." Of course they understood that this was indeed Zhao Hai's order, and they must abide by it, and they also felt that it might be better to let the staff command the battle. The people in the staff department are now very experienced, and the battle plan they have drawn up is also very good, and they have no reason to object.

When Chang Jun saw that everyone agreed, he turned to face the old man again: "Mr. Zhen, your staff will have great power in the future, and you, the chief of staff, also have a lot of things to do, but you have to remember, except during wartime , you cannot directly issue orders to the combat troops. Even if you issue an order, they will not listen. Unless it is an order issued by you, otherwise, the orders issued by others are invalid, even in combat. At that time, the battle orders you issued must also be handed over to me for review before the troops can be issued, do you understand?"

The elder of the formation nodded and said: "Yes, I understand. Please rest assured, Elder Chang." The elder of the formation is very clear that the role of their staff is not as important as that of the commander. If an army does not have a staff, as long as it is If there is a headquarters, the army can be directed to fight, but if an army has no commander and is all controlled by the staff, that is definitely not a good thing, and the consequences will be very serious.

Chang Jun nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let everyone go back and rest. After going back, don't forget to make it clear to the disciples and let them be prepared. In three days, we will attack the Dragon Realm. The reconnaissance and attack on the Dragon Realm have not yet been decided, but if nothing unexpected happens, it will definitely be carried out within ten days."

Everyone responded, then bowed to Chang Jun, turned around and left. Only Zhu Yong did not leave. When everyone left, Zhu Yong sighed softly and said: "Although we are said to have killed the sect with blood, There are many people who can command battles, but there are really not many who can do what Lao Bai does, or what Lao Gu does. It seems that we will have to make more efforts in this regard in the future. Cultivate disciples in this area."

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "Are there any good candidates? Lao Bai, Lao Gu, they all went to retreat. Although there are still many people in our Blood Killing Sect who can command the battle, because of them Some of them have not been to the front line for a while, and it is not suitable for them to be commanders at this time, so I am going to use new people, what do you think?"

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "Okay, this is a good choice, but there are really not many candidates, but I think Jiang Shenglin, Tang Yingyi and Chen Chu are very suitable. They are the same as the old ones." Bai joined our Blood Killing Sect together, and they joined our Blood Killing Sect here on the Black and White Battlefield. Although their command level is not as good as that of Lao Bai, it is not much worse. Now Lao Bai can go to retreat, and they But I haven’t had a chance yet, which I feel is a pity and I can let them give it a try.”

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "Although their commanding ability is not bad, compared to Lao Bai, I think it is still a little behind. It's okay to let them be deputies, let them become like Lao Bai or Lao Gu." Frontline commander, this one is just a little bit behind, are there any other candidates?"

Zhu Yong thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "We have a candidate. He is very good at commanding and fighting, and his strength is also very good, but I just don't know if he is willing to be the frontline commander." , Well, by the way, there is another person who can give it a try, but I don’t know if he is willing.”

When Chang Jun heard what he said, he was stunned. Then he looked at Zhu Yong with some confusion and said, "Who are you talking about? Who doesn't want to be a frontline commander? And only two of them at once? Neither of them want to." Who is so capable as a frontline commander?" Chang Jun asked this for a reason. Although in the Blood Killing Sect, this frontline commander is not a very big official. As long as there is no war, this frontline commander Officials are nothing, but with this status, they can improve their status. Even if they are both core elders, with the blessing of the frontline commander, their status will be higher than others. In this way, some people will not Like being a frontline commander? He really couldn't figure it out.

Zhu Yong said with a smile: "These two are really not necessarily willing. One is Sun Buyu, the current captain of the Alien Cavalry, and the other is the shadow of the sect master, Cheng Wanchun. Which one of them do you think?" Are you willing?" After Zhu Yong said these two names, he looked at Chang Jun with a smile.

When Chang Jun heard these two names, he also had a wry smile on his face. He then looked at Zhu Yong and said: "Old Zhu, are you kidding me? Are these two willing? Sun Buyu's commanding ability is very good. Strong, but what is the Alien Cavalry? It is the most powerful sword of our Blood Killing Sect, and he has been the captain for such a long time. How could he leave the Alien Cavalry? As for the other one , then it is even more unlikely. Lao Cheng is the protector of the sect master. Although he really has nothing to do now and usually acts with Lao Ding and the others, that guy can always regard himself as the protector of the sect master. , how could he be the commander? Impossible."

Chang Jun really knew the two people Zhu Yong was talking about very well. Neither of these two people could be hired by ordinary people. Sun Buyu was just an ordinary disciple at first. Later, because he was very good at practicing the eight bloody battle styles, He was talented, so he joined the cavalry reserve, and was later transferred to the Alien Cavalry. His talent gradually showed itself, and he had already taken over the Alien Cavalry. The Alien Cavalry is still killing blood to this day. Zong's strongest combat force. From this point of view, you can see how strong his ability is, but it is precisely because of this that if you want him to come out of the Alien Cavalry, the current front-line commander is almost It's impossible. He won't let go of the Alien Cavalry. It's not that he wants to control the Alien Cavalry, but that he likes to be a cavalry.