c7516 take over

Sun Buyu came to Chang Jun's room. When he saw Chang Jun and Zhu Yong were there, he couldn't help but be slightly startled. Then he clasped his fists at the two and saluted: "I have seen these two elders, but I don't know how the two elders know each other." Zhao, but do you have anything to tell me?" Sun Buyu's status in the Blood Killing Sect is not low. Although he is not the core elder, his status is not lower than the core elders at all, because he controls the entire Blood Killing Sect. Zong, one of the strongest combat powers.

Sun Buyu is said to be the captain of the Alien Cavalry, but all other cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect are under his control. Whether they are alien cavalry, orc cavalry, undead cavalry, or puppet cavalry, all cavalry are actually under his control. He takes care of it, so his status in the Blood Killing Sect is really high.

All the guns used by the Blood Killing Sect were long spears, and they even changed the eight bloody battle styles to long spear marksmanship. However, this improvement was later abandoned by the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect, especially the alien cavalry. All Those who become alien cavalry are all masters of swordsmanship. Some of them already have the will to use swords. If they suddenly switch to using spears, they are really not used to it. This will affect their combat effectiveness.

So later on, the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect no longer used spears. They also used knives, which were scimitars. Their Eight Styles of Blood Fighting also had some changes, but they were only used on mounts. In this way, the Blood Killing Sect The combat effectiveness of Zong's cavalry has improved a lot, but this time the improvement was presided over by Sun Buyu.

The reason why the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect is still one of the strongest combat capabilities of the Blood Killing Sect is also related to this improvement. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have returned to the weapons they are familiar with, so their combat effectiveness , it has been greatly improved. It can be said that this improvement is of great significance to the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect.

Chang Jun also knew Sun Buyu's status in the Blood Killing Sect, so when he saw Sun Buyu, he smiled at Sun Buyu and said, "Buyu is here, sit down quickly." Sun Buyu responded, and then sat down directly. He came down, but his waist was still so straight, and his whole body was like a long sword unsheathed.

Speaking of which, in the Blood Killing Sect, there is only one team, which has always been under military management. This team is the cavalry team. It can be said that they are the most professional soldiers in the Blood Killing Sect, and soldiers must be disciplined. Sun Buyu developed such a habit because he lived in the military camp for a long time.

Chang Jun looked at Sun Buyu and said with a smile: "Buyu, I called you here today because I have something to tell you. You also know that Elder Bai and the others have all gone to retreat, and this time they are going to attack. We really can’t find a good commander in the Dragon Realm, so I discussed it with Elder Zhu and decided that you will be the commander, what do you think?”

Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, then he couldn't help but frown, and said in a deep voice: "Elder Chang, Elder Zhu, it's not that I don't want to be this commander, but you also know that the cavalry is also very important to our Blood Killing Sect, and I have always been in charge. Even if I want to become the commander now, I must first handle the affairs of the cavalry. This will take a long time. When the time comes, I will be the commander. Is it too late?"

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "Buyu, you may have misunderstood. We are not transferring you from the cavalry. The cavalry is still under your control, and you will be the commander. You You also know that this commander is actually a temporary position. As long as the battle is over, you can no longer be the commander, and it will have no impact on you."

Sun Buyu couldn't help but be a little surprised when he heard what Zhu Yong said, but after thinking about it, he immediately understood what Zhu Yong meant. He then nodded and said: "I see. If that's the case, then this commander, I'm ready to be here, please don't worry, two elders, I will definitely work hard." Sun Buyu is a happy person, so after he decided, he immediately agreed without any hesitation.

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Okay, just agree. This time the frontline commander will be you. Chen Chu, Jiang Shenglin, and Tang Yingyi will be your deputies. In addition, the staff of the boss and the others will fully help you. I believe You can definitely be a good commander. Go back and make arrangements now. Although you are not transferred from the cavalry, once you become a frontline commander, you will have less time to manage the cavalry. So you still have to make arrangements as early as possible.”

Sun Buyu responded, then stood up, saluted to the two of them, then turned around and walked out. Chang Jun and Zhu Yong watched him leave. They waited until he left the room before Zhu Yong smiled and said, "I didn't expect him to agree so readily. This saves us a lot of trouble."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "He is a soldier, a real soldier, so he will obey our orders, but this does not mean that he likes to leave the rear cavalry. If we really let him leave the rear cavalry, he will also I will agree, but in that case, he will have a grudge. Although it will not affect our actions, he will feel uncomfortable in his heart. I don't want him to become like that, so I agreed to your proposal. Now It looks very good.”

Zhu Yong said with a smile: "He will have grudges, but he will not do anything irrational. In the end, he will just beg the young master to let him return to the cavalry. In fact, he is the same as Cheng Wanchun Yes, Cheng Wanchun's biggest wish is to become a big shield in front of Zhao Hai and block all attacks for the young master. Even if he is crushed by others, as long as he can protect the young master, he will consider himself successful. As for Sun Buyu, he thinks he is a knife in the young master's hand, the fastest knife, and he has been working hard in this regard."

Chang Jun took a long breath, and then said in a deep voice: "Actually speaking, we are also the same people as them. One of them wants to be the young master's shield, the other wants to be the young master's sword, and of the two of us, one is the young master's The ears and eyes, and the other one is the young master’s hand. You watch and listen to everything in the entire Blood Killing Sect for the young master, and I want to manage the entire Blood Killing Sect for the young master. This is the meaning of our existence, we are I have to do all the little things for the young master so that the young master can have more time to practice and pursue the path of elders. Even if it means sacrificing for this, I am willing to do so."

Zhu Yong didn't speak, just smiled slightly, then gave Chang Jun a fist, turned and left. He didn't need to say anything. When it comes to loyalty, these servants of Zhao Hai are more loyal than Chang Jun, so He doesn't need to say anything at all, and he doesn't care what others will say about him. He is Zhao Hai's eyes and ears. He just wants to monitor the entire Blood Killing Sect. This is his responsibility, and this is what Zhao Hai asked them to do.

Chang Jun looked at Zhu Yong's back with a smile on his face, and then said: "We are all pushing the sect leader forward, and we all want to push the sect leader forward, but judging from the current situation, it is not very good. Success, so we still have to work hard." He said this to himself, and was not prepared for anyone to answer him.

In the following days, all the disciples in the Blood Killing Sect knew that the Blood Killing Sect was preparing to use troops against another interface. This was good news for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They were eager to start a war because When the war starts, they can get contribution points. With contribution points, they can get any good things. Contribution points are what they need most.

Three days later, Chang Jun, Zhu Yong, Sun Buyu and Mr. Zhen all arrived next to the space passage. Directly above the space passage was the statue of the roc. The statue of the roc had always been in the sky. They have not been moved, but this space passage was previously protected by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Standing next to the space passage, Mr. Zhen glanced at the puppet disciples who were about to enter the space passage and said: "After arriving on the other side, don't show your body first. You must see the situation there clearly, and then say, at the same time You must also be prepared to come back at any time. If you are really attacked, remember to send back what you see as soon as possible. It will be of great use to us, do you understand?"

The five puppet disciples all responded. Then Mr. Jin turned to look at Chang Jun and the others, and finally his eyes fell on Sun Buyu. He now knew that Sun Buyu was the frontline commander of the Blood Killing Sect. From now on, There would be many opportunities for them to cooperate, so he wanted to see if Sun Buyu had any objections.

As soon as Sun Buyu saw Mr. Zhen's appearance, he knew what Mr. Zhen was thinking. He shook his head, and Mr. Zhen turned to the puppet disciples and said, "Okay, then take action. Remember, if it's true, If there is no problem, build a base on the spot and go." This is also the reason why he sent the puppet disciples. Only the puppet disciples do not have any characteristics of biological creatures, and they can also build a base in the shortest time. base.

The five puppet disciples responded, and then they all walked to the side of the space channel. Then their bodies shrank into a ball, and the metal on their bodies began to liquefy, and finally turned into a large metal ball, and this metal ball, But it is surrounded by layers of molten metal.

When the height of the metal ball reached about two meters, the five metal balls fell into the space channel one after another and disappeared in the blink of an eye. However, a projection lit up in front of Chang Jun and the others. , but now the projection is still pitch black and nothing can be seen.

Everyone's eyes fell on the projection. They knew very well that when the projection lights up and the scenery appears, it means that the puppet disciples have entered the Dragon Realm. They really want to know what the Dragon World is like now.

They have known for a long time that in the Tianlong Babu Realm, each interface is stronger than the other interface, and the dragon has always been a symbol of power, which means that the Dragon Realm will be better than the Garuda Realm. Even more powerful, they really want to know what kind of enemies they will encounter in the Dragon Realm. Thinking of this, they are even a little excited.