c7510 upgrade

Standing in front of the alien nest, Zhao Hai took out the treasure bottle. He touched the treasure bottle gently, then sighed softly, and then murmured: "It's a pity that such a treasure is available." After that, he Then he threw the treasure bottle casually. Following his movements, the treasure bottle immediately flew over the alien clan's nest. Then the mouth of the bottle rushed down, and then he saw what seemed to be a golden light, which was slowly coming. flowed out from the mouth of the bottle.

The last drop of golden liquid, which was only the size of a fingernail, fell directly on the alien nest. After the drop of blood fell on the alien nest, the bottle seemed to have been absorbed for thousands of years, and everything on the bottle was All the glory disappeared. In the end, the bottle turned into a handful of fly ash, and everything disappeared when the wind blew.

And after that drop of blood fell on the alien mother's nest, it seemed as if someone had touched a drop of sulfuric acid. Black smoke immediately appeared on the mother's nest, and at the same time, the mother's nest began to It fluctuated violently, as if it was very painful.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he saw this situation. Then he waved his hand, and all the alien nests around him flew up. Some of these nests were also the nests of those giant alien beasts, and now they all flew away. Now, all these alien mother nests have fallen on the alien mother nest, and as soon as these alien mother nests come into contact with the alien mother nest, they immediately give birth to countless granulation buds, and then these network buds grow together. , the last two mother nests grew together, and the other mother nests also grew together.

But that drop of liquid seemed to have some magic power. The hole in the mother's nest burned bigger and bigger, but the mother's nest was not without the power to fight back. Just on the edge of the mother's nest hole, there were countless The granulations are growing and growing, as if they are fighting against that drop of liquid.

But the other nests that grow together with the mother nest are constantly getting smaller, as if all the essence inside it has been drained, completely disappearing, and each mother nest becomes shriveled up. Finally, it disappeared completely, and the drop of liquid was slowly getting smaller, but the battle between the two sides continued.

Zhao Hai had been watching this situation. Now when he saw this situation, he couldn't help but squinted his eyes, and then murmured: "I really didn't expect that the power in this drop of blood would be so powerful. The Alien Brood can only absorb him in this way, but that’s fine, as the development potential of the Alien Brood may be greater.”

After about three hours, all the other mother nests that originally grew on the mother nest disappeared, and the drop of blood also disappeared. In the end, only one alien mother nest was left on the ground. This was a small one. The alien mother nest is only about ten meters in diameter, and there are eight legs growing on it. These eight legs are actually eight tubes. The diameter of each tube is only about two meters, and the area is not very large. It is large and no different from the original alien nest.

But just after the drop of liquid completely disappeared, a faint golden light suddenly appeared on the mother's nest. Then the golden light disappeared, and then the mother's nest was seen fluctuating, and then from there From the eight tubes, eight large eggs with a height of two meters and a diameter of about one and a half meters rolled out. These eight eggs just stopped there, not looking like they were going to break open at all. The mother nest is not laying eggs anymore.

Zhao Hai looked at the mother's nest, smiled slightly, and said in a deep voice: "There are only ninety-six eggs in one day. This is good. It will be a great supplement to the population of our Blood Killing Sect in the future." He said. After Zhao Hai stopped looking at the eggs, he moved and disappeared.

The next moment, Zhao Hai had appeared in the Spirit Beast Hall. Shu Li and Cang Ming were now in charge of the Spirit Beast Hall. When they saw Zhao Hai coming, they couldn't help but be stunned, and then immediately said: "I have seen the young master." They are all Zhao Hai. When Hai's servants see Zhao Hai, they will naturally call him Young Master instead of Sect Master.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, I came here today to tell you something. I have completed the upgrade of the alien clan's mother nest. From now on, the alien clan's mother nest will only produce ninety-six eggs every day. Those eggs take seven days to hatch. After hatching, new aliens will be produced. When the new aliens first appear, they appear in human form. They are born with several abilities. One is that they can incarnate. To become a Peng, secondly, you can transform into Kun, thirdly, you can transform into a hawk-faced man, and fourthly, you can transform into a Shadow Clan person. Their abilities are also innate. They can emit golden light, immobilize the enemy, and suck the enemy into In the belly, they can also use their wings to release extremely cold ice winds, and they can also transform into halberds on their bodies to fight. However, they are not very strong at the beginning. You can teach them to practice, and they can practice The stronger the time, the stronger the strength, do you understand?"

When Shu Li and Cang Ming heard what Zhao Hai said, they were both stunned, and then their faces showed expressions of surprise. Although they were said to be two races, to put it bluntly, they were actually the same race, and they were both aliens. , but because of the different division of labor, they were divided into the Alien clan and the Zerg clan.

The two of them have been thinking about how to make the alien clan more powerful without being eliminated, but for such a long time, they have not come up with a good way, but they did not expect that Zhao Hai could be so easy The problem was solved, but Cang Ming's expression was still a little sad, because what Zhao Hai said before was all on the ground. He never mentioned the Zerg that had been active under the ground. Is that right? Does this mean that this new alien no longer has the ability to fight on the ground? Although he was a little disappointed, he didn't say anything.

Zhao Hai looked at Cang Ming and smiled slightly: "These aliens also have the ability to fight on the ground. They also have some of the abilities that the aliens had before, so don't be disappointed. Remember, take good care of those aliens." After the eggs hatch, we will start teaching them. There is no need to learn anything else, the eight bloody battle styles and the divine machine, these two are enough."

The two of them responded, and Cang Ming's face showed a smile again. Zhao Hai looked at them, and then said: "Now that the aliens have evolved, they can just rely on training in the future, so you guys In the future, we will mainly focus on spiritual beasts. Our Blood Killing Sect still needs a lot of giant beasts. Our Blood Killing Sect disciples need countless phantom beasts. These phantom beasts will become the natal battle beasts of our Blood Killing Sect disciples. You must We must cultivate those spiritual beasts well, and let the power of those spiritual beasts continue to strengthen, do you understand what I mean?"

The two of them responded at the same time, with a look of shame on their faces. They both really felt a little ashamed, because they both knew very well that although they were in charge of the Spirit Beast Hall before, the upgrade of the alien clan at that time was is the most important thing, so they put all their attention on the upgrading of the alien clan. They are not very concerned about the cultivation of other spiritual beasts. Therefore, the Spiritual Beast Hall of the Blood Killing Sect has been in the past period of time. , there has been no success.

Now that the alien clan has been upgraded, they will naturally focus on the Spiritual Beast Hall in the future. And obviously, Zhao Hai also noticed this matter, so he told them about it. In fact, it is a criticism of them, and they must correct it.

Zhao Hai looked at the two people, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, from now on you just need to pay attention to the situation of the alien clan. They can become a powerful race in our Blood Killing Sect in the future, and they are born with the ability to attack." Once you have spiritual wisdom, you can practice it. The starting point is higher than that of other races, so you have to cultivate it well." After saying this, Zhao Hai disappeared in a flash, and the two of them, Shu Li, were very concerned about this situation. It's no surprise.

After Zhao Hai left, the two people immediately came out of the room and went directly to the place where the alien family's mother nest was. The place where the alien family's mother nest is now is a cave, a very big cave. This cave used to be inside There are many alien mother nests, some large and some small, so they occupy a large area. Now there is only one alien mother nest and some alien eggs, so it looks a bit empty.

The two of them looked at the alien mother nest and the alien eggs, with expressions of excitement on their faces, but then Cang Ming said: "Our alien clan has completed the upgrade, and those who have not been upgraded before, have not yet What should we do about the intelligent alien clan?" This has always been a headache for them. In the past, there were a lot of aliens in their clan, and there was no way to upgrade them. Now there are very few who have developed spiritual intelligence. , the rest are just like monsters, these aliens are actually even more difficult to deal with.

Shun Li said in a deep voice: "It's very simple, just treat them as fantasy beasts. In fact, they can no longer be regarded as aliens, they can only be regarded as a kind of monsters. Then let them have the same fate as other monsters." Chen Li said this very calmly, but when it fell into Cang Ming's ears, Cang Ming was stunned. Then Cang Ming turned to look at Shu Li and didn't speak for a while, but his eyes looked a little weird. , obviously he did not expect that Shu Li would do this.

Shu Li turned his head and glanced at Cang Ming, then sighed softly and said: "Let them become phantom beasts, and they can continue to survive in another form, but if they are not allowed to become phantom beasts, they will only be slowly destroyed. eliminated, do you want that? Rather than that, I would rather they die."

Cang Ming was stunned for a moment, then nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That's true. Rather than that, it's better to let them die. Their existence is for the young master. If they are not even qualified to fight for the young master, , then there is no point for them to live. Okay, let’s settle it then. Let him become the fantasy beast of our Blood Killing Sect disciples. In this way, they are still alive, although they are alive in another form, but this way They have also reached the realm of elders in another form. Perhaps this is the best destination for them, after all, this way they can continue to fight for the young master."