c7529 enemy

Just as Sun Buyu and the others were talking, a piercing siren sounded, which immediately attracted everyone's attention to the radar screen. Before anyone could look at the radar screen, the voice of Mr. Zhen came. Said: "The speed of this attack is fast enough. It seems that the basic magic circle here has no restrictions on the people here. They can attack at will. Such enemies are even more difficult to deal with."

Several people all nodded, and then turned their attention to the radar screen. Looking at the radar screen, they discovered that there were a large number of white spots on the radar screen in both directions, that is, Said that the enemy was attacking the Blood Killing Sect from both the front and back directions.

Sun Buyu immediately let go of the enemy attacking from the front. When he saw this, he couldn't help but be startled, because the enemy attacking from the front turned out to be some squid, and these squid were like cannonballs. , rushed towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and the number of these squids was very large. The most important thing was that they were also very big. The smallest squid was more than ten meters long, and the big ones were already It has grown to about 100 meters long.

Sun Buyu then immediately turned his attention to the enemies coming from behind. After zooming in on those enemies, Sun Buyu was stunned because he found that the enemy that appeared this time had only a shadow and was somewhat vague. , seems very weird.

"Stealth. The enemy coming from behind is invisible. Even the radar can only see a shadow. It seems that the enemy's stealth effect is as good as ten people. Quick, order the disciples to the north to be careful. There are enemies who can become invisible. Here we come." As soon as he saw this situation, Mr. Zhen was the first to react.

Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately reacted. He immediately gave the order: "Quick, the order is given. The disciples on the northern defense line must be careful. The enemies coming from the north will be invisible this time, making them useless." Whatever method you use, you must find the enemy and go quickly." The staff officer responded, then turned and left.

At this time, there was a sound of footsteps. Sun Buyu and the others turned around and found that it was Chang Jun and the others. Sun Buyu and the others were about to salute Chang Jun and the others, but Chang Jun waved his hands and said, "Okay. It's this time, why are you so polite? Tell me what's going on." The alarm is still ringing now, but it is no longer so harsh.

Sun Buyu immediately told Chang Jun the situation, and finally said: "The squid coming from the front is very big, but the enemy coming from the north is invisible. Although it is a bit blurry, it looks like It's an octopus." Of course, Sun Buyu told Chang Jun the situation in the shortest possible time, so that Chang Jun could be well aware of it.

Chang Jun glanced at the radar screen and said solemnly: "The enemy's attack is very fierce. We don't have many disciples here in Dragon Realm now. It seems that we can only use the phantom killing array to hold back the enemy. , but the phantom killing formation also has a shortcoming. Only when the enemy is placed in the formation, its power is at its greatest. However, if the enemy is placed in the formation, if it is not done well, the enemy may be vulnerable. Taking advantage of the opportunity, if there is a race like the Jiu Shu Turtle clan among the enemies, it will be troublesome, so it is best to use the killing formation first to keep the enemy outside our formation, unless the enemy really enters our formation. In the formation, we are using the phantom killing formation to deal with them."

Sun Buyu responded, and immediately said to the staff officer next to him: "Send the order to use the sword formation in the phantom killing formation to deal with the enemy. All formations use swimming fish swords. If possible, try to block the enemy from us." Outside the base." The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Judging from the enemy's current progress, the enemy here has very strong autonomy. In other words, the real test for us has come. The enemies we encountered before are either spiritual We are not smart enough, or we are very rigid, but it is different here. The enemies here seem to have no restrictions. We must deal with them carefully, but we must not let it go. If the boat capsizes in the gutter, , then we will be embarrassed."

Several people all responded. They understood what Chang Jun meant. If they really didn't do a good job, they would definitely be laughed at by others. Of course, it was okay for them to joke among themselves. They were afraid that the disciples below would not understand. Therefore, if you no longer trust them, it will be really troublesome, so they must be careful.

At this time, those squids had already arrived outside the Blood Killing Sect's base. At this time, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples also completed the layout of their phantom killing formation. At the entrance of the formation, they all installed their swimming fish swords, and then As soon as the magic circle was activated, the sword energy, which was like a swimming fish, flew out from the magic circle and slashed straight at the squids.

The squids also saw the sword energy that was slashing towards them, but they did not panic. They saw the squids violently spraying out balls of black ink, dyeing everything around them black, and their bodies were completely disappeared into the black ink,

If there is only one squid, then naturally not much ink will be sprayed out, but if millions or even tens of millions of squids spurt out ink together, it will be very scary. In the blink of an eye, in front of the Blood Killing Sect, A piece of sea water turned completely black, and it was impossible to see what was going on inside.

However, the bloody sword energy still penetrated into the black sea water, but no one knew the outcome of the battle. However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not dare to take it lightly and continued to fire sword energy. The first is to use this method to kill the squid, and the second is to disperse the ink so that they can see clearly what is inside the ink.

But just as they finished launching the second wave of sword energy and were about to launch the third wave of sword energy, they suddenly saw torpedoes shooting out from the black sea. The speed of these torpedoes was very fast. Rushing out of the black sea water, in the blink of an eye, they were in front of the Blood Killing Sect's base, and then plunged into the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Some Blood Killing Sect disciples who didn't pay attention were immediately hit by these torpedoes. Many disciples were knocked directly and flew out. However, they were not injured because they felt that the things that hit them seemed to be very soft. It was just that the force was so great that they were knocked backwards and flew out, but they did not suffer any injuries.

At this time, all those torpedoes also stopped. Only then did people see that they were not torpedoes at all, but squids. God knows how they rushed over at such a fast speed. This made Xue Kill The disciples of the Sect were completely unprepared, but now those squids have rushed into the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as they saw this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who had not been hit immediately reacted. They moved their hands and stabbed the squid directly with a flying sword. The flying sword looked like a swimming fish. The speed of moving forward in the water was very fast, and almost in the blink of an eye, it was already in front of the squid.

The squids waved their arms and legs and went straight towards the flying sword. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect saw this situation, their faces showed joy. They knew very well how sharp their flying swords were. Now if the enemy wants to use their arms and legs to block their flying swords, they will definitely be cut off by their flying swords.

But what surprised them was that the arms and legs immediately entangled the flying sword, and then the flying sword was thrown out by them. Then the squids went straight to kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , the long arms and legs rolled straight towards the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

As soon as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect saw this situation, they knew very clearly that those squids were definitely difficult to deal with. Their bodies were already so strong that even their flying swords were entangled, even if they were cut. It's not broken, which is enough to show how strong their bodies are.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect moved and stepped back, but they already had an extra weapon in their hands. Then various forms of magic appeared in the Blood Killing Sect's base. The disciples of the Killing Sect fought with those squids. Although the arms and legs of those squids were very powerful, they could not really block the attack of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. As long as they were hit by the magic circle of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, On their arms and legs, their arms and legs would simply break off.

But what is surprising is that their broken arms and legs can grow back again after a few breaths. This ability to survive is really surprising, and their attack power , are also very strong. If they are really entangled by their wrists, even if they are wearing armor, they will be entangled until their bones and tendons are broken. Even if they are not entangled, as long as they are hit by their arms and legs, Their bodies will also fly out directly, and they will also suffer serious injuries.

Of course, if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect directly hit the bodies of those squids, those squids would also be injured, and the injuries would not be minor. It would be difficult to recover. If they really hit Yaohan, it would be too You can kill those squids with one blow, but there are not many such opportunities. Those squids have a mucous membrane on the outside, which is slippery and not very strong. If you don't hit it head-on, but just rub it. , it won't cause much harm to him at all.

At this time, the alien disciples also joined the battle group. Compared with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it seemed easier for them to deal with the squids. Although the squids could entangle them, they did not seem to be very effective. Big, those aliens that tear and bite can easily break free from the arms and legs of the squids, and then use their tails to give the squids a fatal blow.

After discovering this situation, the alien disciples all became excited. Although they have been fighting since they arrived in the Dragon Realm, their performance was not very good. When dealing with those blue-headed fish, they were even more outstanding. It was very bad. Now they finally had a chance to perform. Of course, the alien disciples were excited. They immediately launched a fierce attack on the squids.