c7524 wake up

Seeing Jiang Shenglin and the others lost in thought, Sun Buyu couldn't help but sigh. He didn't say anything. He knew that at this time, it was best to let Jiang Shenglin and the others think about it for themselves, and maybe they would understand what was going on. When things get serious, they will correct their position.

Sun Buyu still has some understanding of the current situation in the Blood Killing Sect. He knows that some of the core elders in the Blood Killing Sect really don’t want to take care of things. Before they became the core elders, they have been working hard, but after After becoming core elders, they no longer want to work hard. They want to spend more time on training. In their view, they are already core elders anyway, and they cannot improve their level even if they work hard. , and with their status reaching their level, they can mobilize almost all the materials in the sect for their use. In this case, they naturally don’t have to do anything, they just need to practice with peace of mind. .

It is precisely because of this that although there are many core elders of the Blood Killing Sect, during the meeting, not many people spoke. Many people just nodded and shook their heads along with everyone. They had no ideas of their own at all, and even His mind was not on these things.

If they were in other sects, if they did this, not only would they not arouse the resentment of those in power in the sect, but it would actually arouse the favor of those in power, because if they don't care about things, then the power in the sect will be completely If it falls into the hands of those people, they can control the entire sect.

But this is not the case in the Blood Killing Sect. In the Blood Killing Sect, no one really cares about those powers, because all their powers are given by Zhao Hai, and the reason why they have such power is because they They have made contributions to the sect, so Zhao Haicai gave them such power. This power is not necessarily a good thing for people like Wen Wenhai and others. They also hope that they can practice with peace of mind, without having to worry about blood. But they can't do this, because if they really do it, it will be equivalent to handing over all the matters of the Blood Killing Sect to Zhao Hai, which is absolutely not possible. In that case, Zhao Hai There would be no time to practice.

The fact is that people like Jiang Shenglin and others have made one mistake, that is, they have been helping the sect, managing the sect, and commanding the army to fight, so they are what they are today. It is not because of their strength that they have the status they have today.

After they became core elders, they could indeed enjoy almost all the resources in the sect, but they did not know why they could enjoy all the resources in the sect. It was not because Zhao Hai wanted them to put all their thoughts into it. , all of which are used for training. On the contrary, the reason why Zhao Hai gives so many resources to the core elders is entirely because Zhao Hai does not want those core elders to miss their training.

The reason why Zhao Hai is worried is because he hopes that the core elders can all be like Wen Wenhai and others, helping him manage everything in the Blood Killing Sect, so that he can have more energy to spend on training, and if they really They put all their energy into managing the Blood Killing Sect, so they didn't have much time to spend on training. In order to prevent them from missing training, Zhao Haicai gave them so many resources.

But what he didn't expect was that after receiving so many resources, those core elders put all their thoughts into training and lost interest in managing the sect. This is what Zhao Hai said He didn't expect it, but Zhao Hai had no choice. In the end, he had to come up with a trick, which was the automatic management system.

If the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect are still managing the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai does not want to come up with such an automatic management system, because although this blood movement management system is very convenient, to be honest, he actually It lacks some human touch and is not liked by Zhao Hai, but he has no choice but to do this.

Sun Buyu also saw this, and even he understood why Chang Jun asked Jiang Shenglin and the others to be his assistants this time. He hoped that through this matter, Jiang Shenglin and the others could reach the management position at once. Let them focus more on managing the sect or leading the army in battle in the future, which is very important for the Blood Killing Sect.

But Jiang Shenglin and the others have never understood this truth. They are still a little unconvinced. Sun Buyu knows very well that if they are allowed to command the battle with this kind of emotion, then they will not be able to help him. They will only be able to help him. Bad thing, for the sake of the sect's plan, he spoke directly and made it clear.

Now seeing the appearance of Jiang Shenglin and the others, Sun Buyu also knew that his goal had been achieved, but his words should have a great impact on Jiang Shenglin and the others, so Sun Buyu did not let anyone disturb them and let Jiang Shenglin They have a thought process, and when they figure it out, they will actually become his assistant.

Sun Buyu has been keeping an eye on the expansion of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He doesn’t know whether it’s because the Dragon Clan’s army here is small, or because of other reasons. Anyway, their expansion is going very smoothly. In addition to understanding the wave of enemies that cross them, They have never encountered an enemy, only those fish, and most of those fish will not attack people. A few of them will attack people, and their attack power is not very strong. They are like wild beasts. More like a monster.

Seeing this situation, Sun Buyu really didn't know what to say. Although he liked to see this situation, to be honest, he was actually very worried. He was worried that this situation would happen because it seemed too ugly. Too calm, and behind the calm, the enemy may launch more violent attacks.

This kind of expansion continued until news came from the alien disciples that they had expanded to the edges of the left and right sides of the Dragon Realm. Sun Buyu breathed a sigh of relief, although their magic circle had not yet caught up. But at least let them know where the edge of this layer of interface is.

After Sun Buyu asked, it became clear that the width of the east and west sides of Longjie is about 50,000 miles, and the length of the south and back sides is not yet known, but Sun Buyu is preparing to kill the sect with blood. The base has been built to the edges of the left and right sides, so that the Blood Sample Sect's base will become a huge base with a length of about 50,000 miles and a width of 10,000 miles. Then they used the old method to push back, They occupied the entire back side of the interface, and then marched southward.

This is actually an old method that the Blood Killing Sect has always used, but this old method is very effective. If the Blood Killing Sect cannot find a connection between the two things on this layer of the interface as soon as possible, they will not be able to combine their The base should be built directly there, then they would be attacked from all sides.

But after they built their base to the edges of the east and west sides, they no longer had to worry about being attacked from all sides. At most, they would be attacked from the south. If they captured all the area in the north, then they would They only need to face the enemies coming from the south. In this way, the Blood Killing Sect will be confident that they can continue to fight with the enemies and finally kill them.

Just when Sun Buyu was thinking about this matter, a sudden and piercing siren sounded. Sun Buyu immediately focused his attention on the radar screen. Looking at the situation on the radar screen, Sun Buyu couldn't help but feel... He was stunned, and then his expression couldn't help but change, because he saw a dense mass of small dots appearing on the radar screen, rushing towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

He didn't know how many light spots there were now, because the light spots were still popping up and were not over yet, but Sun Buyu became more careful, and he immediately said loudly: "Send the order." , the whole army retreated to the base, and immediately activated the magic formations in the base to prepare to meet the enemy, so that everyone should be prepared, including Elder Ding and the others, and also sent a letter to Elder Chang and the others to let them be ready to support at any time."

Immediately, a staff officer responded, and then went directly to deliver the order. At this time, Jiang Shenglin came to Sun Buyu. He took a look at the light spots and said in a deep voice: "What do those light spots look like?" Enemies? We must know what kind of enemies they are in order to know what methods to use to deal with them."

As soon as he saw Jiang Shenglin coming over, Sun Buyu couldn't help but reveal a smile. He then said: "No matter what kind of enemies they are, we must do this. Look at the number of light spots. Now they have It’s more than one million, and it’s still increasing. Although our number exceeds the number of those light spots, don’t forget that we are now on the enemy’s territory. We must be careful, otherwise, we will suffer. It will be us."

Jiang Shenglin nodded, and then said: "Yes, but it's better to take a look. At least we must be aware of it." Jiang Shenglin seemed very calm now, but from his eyes, there was a flash of light. The light of wisdom, if we really talk about it, among Bai Yan, Jiang Shenglin, Tang Yingyi, and Chen Chu, the smartest person is Jiang Shenglin, but his previous training has confused his eyes, so He would do that, and it seems that he has recovered now.

Sun Buyu nodded, and then directly enlarged a light spot. When they saw this magnified light spot, Jiang Shenglin and Sun Buyu were both stunned, because what was displayed on this light spot was a fish, and the other one was not. A very big fish. This fish is all green in color with a slight silvery light on it. However, it is not very big. It is only about half a meter long. The strong aggressiveness surprised Sun Buyu and others.

Jiang Shenglin looked at these fish and couldn't help but frowned and said: "Such fish don't seem to be very aggressive. Could it be that because there are too many of them and they appear together, the radar Do they think they are enemies? But in fact, they are not that strong? If that is really the case, then didn’t we make an own mistake this time? "