c7527 reproduce

Sun Buyu felt that he had just rested when Jiang Shenglin called him up. Sun Buyu came from the room to the command hall in front, and saw Jiang Shenglin standing in front of the radar screen with a serious face, looking at the radar screen. , and at this time, Tang Yingyi and Chen Chu also came to the hall.

The three of them quickly came to the radar screen. Before they looked at the screen, Sun Buyu said, "What's wrong? What's going on? Why are you so anxious?" Sun Buyu knew that he might need to look at the radar screen. It will take you a while to figure out what's going on. Only by asking Jiang Shenglin can you get the answer faster.

Jiang Shenglin glanced at the three of them, smiled bitterly and said: "We are in trouble, and it is still a big trouble. Take a look, I really didn't expect that those blue-headed fish would have such ability." After finishing speaking, Jiang Shenglin He couldn't help but point at the radar screen. His actions also made Sun Buyu and the others feel very strange.

The three people gathered in front of the radar screen and saw that what was currently displayed on the radar screen was a group of small fish. This group of small fish was not very big, only a few centimeters in size, but now these small fish were eating, and these snacks were , exactly the kind of small fish that were used as military food before. Although these new small fish are smaller than those small fish that were used as military food, they are still biting those small fish that are used as military food, and those small fish that are used as military food The little fish actually stayed there as if resigned to its fate, motionless and allowed the bites of the little fishes.

Sun Buyu and the others were a little strange. Why did Jiang Shenglin let them watch the small fish eat, but found that after the small fish bit the military ration fish, their bodies grew bit by bit. When they ate a twenty-twenty-year-old After the military ration fish were more than 10 centimeters long, those small fish actually grew about ten centimeters in length, and a faint green color appeared on the tops of their heads. It was almost possible to see the blue-headed fish from the bodies of those small fish. 's shadow.

As soon as they saw this, Sun Buyu and the others didn't understand what was going on. They all turned their heads to look at Jiang Shenglin with ugly expressions. Jiang Shenglin smiled bitterly and said: "Those small fish born from the blue-headed fish, every green-headed fish Fish can give birth to dozens or even hundreds of small fish. After these small fish are born, they begin to eat the military ration fish. After eating the military ration fish, their bodies will grow rapidly. In just a short time, they have grown so big. I believe it won’t take long for them to grow bigger and bigger, and it won’t be too far before they mature. If all these little fishes grow up, they will The number can reach several billions, which is an astonishing number."

Sun Buyu and the others' scalps also felt numb for a while. Finally, Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "No, we can't wait any longer. We must attack immediately. Come here and notify all the disciples to prepare to attack the enemy." After saying this, he directly Use the communication array to connect to Chang Jun's array.

Chang Jun's array was quickly connected, and Sun Buyu immediately said: "Elder Chang, we are in trouble here. The enemy appears in the form of a kind of blue-headed fish, which is very powerful, and they also have a strange technique. , the green light on their heads can freeze things, and the freezing ability is very strong. Now these blue-headed fish have guarded the boundaries on the east and west sides of this layer of interface. We want to drive the base over, I have to get rid of those fish. Originally, I was planning to do it tomorrow, but who knew that those blue-headed fish would actually give birth to babies. Now those small fish are growing crazily. I believe it won’t take long for them to grow. Once those small fish grow up, the consequences will be really troublesome. There are billions of those fish, so I am planning to attack now, but the troops are somewhat insufficient. You Troops must be sent to us immediately, we must eliminate those fish, and make our base run across the east and west, otherwise, we will be attacked from all sides in the future, which will be too uncomfortable."

Sun Buyu was not polite to Chang Jun, and directly told him all the things he needed. When Sun Buyu said this, Chang Jun's face couldn't help but change, and then he immediately said: "I will arrange it right away, you guys Attack as soon as possible." After saying that, he immediately turned off the communication array, turned to Zhu Yong and the others and said: "Organize the disciples and go to Longjie for support immediately. Hurry."

Zhu Yong had also heard the conversation between Sun Buyu and Chang Jun before, so without saying a word, he turned to the staff officer next to him and said: "Write a letter to all the core elders, write a letter to the captains of each team, and ask all of them, Be prepared to support Longjie and tell them that I will only give them two-quarters of an hour. If they are not ready after two-quarters of an hour, they can go to the sect master to receive the punishment."

Such mandatory orders are rare in the Blood Killing Sect, so when hearing what Zhu Yong said, the staff officer was stunned for a moment, then immediately responded and went to pass on the order. But Zhu Yong turned to look at Chang Jun, who was frowning, and said in a deep voice: "It seems that this time will be very troublesome. The various races in the Dragon Realm seem to have some abilities of their own. We must be careful. .”

Chang Jun nodded, then frowned and said: "The situation in the Dragon Realm is indeed very troublesome. We need to be more careful. This incident is actually a lesson. In the future, the situation in the Dragon Realm will We still don’t know what kind of race will appear, so it’s right not to do what they want to do. They must eliminate those blue-headed fish. If they can’t eliminate those blue-headed fish, then for them, It is a huge hidden danger, and this hidden danger will not continue to exist unless it is addressed.”

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "So he needs people now. Those blue-headed fish are difficult to deal with. He already knows this, but it is precisely because he knows that he is even more worried. Now they have just entered." In the Dragon Realm, we have already encountered two groups of enemies. Those big crabs are nothing, they are just brave and foolhardy, and these blue-headed fish seem to have been ordered by others to do this. That is to say, In the Dragon Realm, there is a person who knows the military and directs everything. The more this happens, the more difficult it is to deal with, because this means that there is a unified command system in the Dragon Realm. However, No matter how commanding this person is, as long as there is a unified command on one interface, he will not be easy to deal with."

Chang Jun nodded and said solemnly: "They have a unified command, and we also have a unified command, so we have to see who is more powerful. As long as we don't meet them, we can take down the borders on the east and west sides. Then we can enter the Dragon Realm, and I really want to see who will win in the end."

Zhu Yong smiled slightly and said: "I believe that we will be the victor in the end. By the way, I think we should send the elders over now. If we don't meet them now, we need the elders more than us." Although Zhu Yong He only mentioned one formation leader, but Chang Jun understood that Zhu Yong meant the entire staff, not the formation leader alone.

Chang Jun thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "That's true. Come, send a letter to Elder Zhen. The entire staff will go to the Dragon Realm to assist Elder Sun Buyu in fighting against the Dragon Realm. Let them go immediately." The staff officer responded and immediately went to give orders to the boss, but Chang Jun and the others turned their attention to the projection again.

At this time, Sun Buyu was looking at the radar screen. He saw on the screen that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had gathered. Sun Buyu turned to his staff and said, "Is there any news from Elder Chang?" Buyu wanted to know what Chang Jun was like, so he asked.

The staff officer immediately said: "Yes, there is news from Elder Chang. They have begun to assemble the army. In two quarters of an hour, reinforcements will arrive. At the same time, the elder will lead the staff to arrive here." ." The staff officer also just received the letter from Chang Jun and the others, and immediately informed Sun Buyu.

Sun Buyu nodded, with a hint of joy on his face, and then said: "Okay, it would be best if the bosses and others can come. Give the order, let's start the attack first, we can't let them continue to grow like this, wait until two seconds After the bell, after the reinforcements arrive, and let them start attacking immediately, I believe we can definitely take care of those bluehead fish."

The staff officer responded, and then went directly to deliver the order. Following his order, the Blood Killing Sect's army rushed to the left and right sides. All the alien disciples also participated in the battle. The Blood Killing Sect's army started from From the part of the base they had already built, they pounced directly on the blue-headed fish.

As soon as there was movement here in the Blood Killing Sect, the blue-headed fish started to move directly. Those blue-headed fish did not leave the place they occupied. On the contrary, they formed a vortex there, a vortex composed of blue-headed fish. The vortex is spinning so fast that people feel dizzy just by looking at it.

Upon seeing this situation, Sun Buyu couldn't help but sneered and said: "You actually want to use this method to deal with us, but I have to say that this method of these blue-headed fish is really very effective. They They attack by hitting people with their heads. Now they have created this vortex. Anyone who wants to attack them will be hit by them. This is a move that uses defense as offense. It looks like it is defending. , but actually this is also a way of attack."

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "Yes, using defense as offense is indeed very troublesome. What do you think? There seems to be no good way to deal with these bluehead fish. They just rely on their large numbers. Attack with strong impact ability. Although such an attack is very simple, it is also very difficult."

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Don't they like to play ice? Okay, then let's play ice with them. I really want to see if their ice is better or our ice is better." Sun Buyu's two middle schools Shining with a cold light, it was obvious that he was very annoyed with the actions of those blue-headed fish. What he was angry about was not the strength of those blue-headed fish, but the actions of those blue-headed fish. The actions of those blue-headed fish, Disrupting his plan was what annoyed him the most, so Sun Buyu wanted to eliminate those blue-headed fish even more quickly.