c7521 excitation

"Hahahaha, I still want to deceive someone, you bandits from the Blood Killing Sect. Your Majesty has already issued an order. In the near future, there may be bandits from the Blood Killing Sect coming to our Shenlonghai Kingdom. Whenever we encounter them, we must attack them. Well, I didn’t expect that you actually told me today that you came here accidentally. It really made me laugh. You are indeed a group of dishonest and unjust robbers, and there is not a single word of truth in your mouth. Come on, Let me come today to see what you bandits are like." As soon as Jie Heng heard what Sun Buyu said, he immediately laughed, and then he leaned forward and fell directly to the ground. When he reached the ground, he turned into the big crab again. Then he waved his claws and led the countless crab army behind him to rush forward.

The strange thing is that this time when he rushed forward, he did not walk sideways but rushed directly towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect. The same was true for the crabs behind him. They did not say any words or even uttered any words. Any sound followed Jie Heng silently and rushed towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect.

If it were on the ground, so many crabs of this size charging together would definitely make a loud sound, but on the bottom of the sea, there was not such a loud sound. The crabs also charged forward as if they were swimming in the sea. Although The sand in the sea was stirred up, but the sound was not loud.

When Sun Buyu saw those crabs rushing over, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he waved his hand and said loudly: "Attack." Then he flashed back and retreated into the radar ship, while the alien disciples , but he just gave a shout and rushed towards the crabs.

As for those alien disciples, they don't care what the enemy says or who the enemy is. As long as the general Sun Buyu lets them attack, they will attack. If they don't destroy all the enemies, they will They would not retreat, so the alien disciples rushed directly towards the crabs.

After Sun Buyu returned to the radar ship, he immediately connected Chang Jun's communication array. As soon as the array was connected, Sun Buyu immediately said to Chang Jun: "Elder Chang, the one I just talked to The big crab came into contact with us. They called this place the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom. It seemed that it was really the Dragon Realm. The big crab called himself General Hengxing, a general under the throne of the Dragon King. The most important thing is that he knew we were coming. , and also said that it was their king who personally gave the order, calling us the Blood Killing Sect bandits, and we must attack when we see them."

When Chang Jun heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "It seems that the enemy has been prepared for a long time, and there is a country there, so they will have a lot of troops, and from them It can be heard from his words that their dragon king is probably controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Otherwise, it is impossible for him to get the news. As long as the power of the Shadow Clan's laws controls that dragon king, then It is equivalent to controlling this layer of the interface, so we must be more careful.”

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said: "I really want to see how effective they are in fighting. Now the alien disciples have already fought with those crabs, and from the current point of view, it seems that the two sides are inextricably linked. , there is no way to tell the winner for a while."

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "Look at the combat effectiveness of these guys, it shouldn't be difficult to eliminate them, and then build our base as soon as possible." Sun Buyu responded, and then ended the call. Chang Jun also glanced at the projection, then turned to Zhu Yong and said: "Give the other elders an order to prepare more disciples to enter the Dragon Realm." Zhu Yong also responded, and then arranged for the staff to pass the order.

At this time, Sun Buyu was watching those alien disciples fighting those crabs. Those crabs were really strong, and their defense was also very strong. Their two large claws were very flexible, and they were very effective in attacking. With their powerful defensive carapace, the alien disciples really couldn't do anything to them.

Although the alien disciples are born with fighting factors in their blood and have undergone some simple training before, they have not participated in actual combat after all. Their spiritual intelligence is open precisely because their spiritual intelligence is open. , so their fighting instinct was suppressed. Because of this, those alien disciples didn't know how to attack one by one. They didn't fight very well.

Fortunately, they are more flexible. Although the big crabs are also very flexible, they are not as flexible as those of the alien disciples. In addition, the defense of those alien disciples is also very strong, so their losses are as high as There were very few, almost none, but the two sides kept struggling. For a while, no one could gain the upper hand.

When Sun Buyu saw those aliens and faced those crabs, he seemed to have no idea what to do. He couldn't help but shook his head and smiled bitterly. He now really believed that Zhao Hai's idea of ​​using these interfaces to train troops was really right. No more. If it hadn't been for this training, they would have known that even the alien clan that seemed to be good at fighting had become like this.

Sun Buyu put himself in their shoes and thought about it. If he were a member of the alien clan now, he would have at least dozens of ways to kill those crabs, but those alien disciples would not use those methods at all and would just fight with those crabs blindly. Counterattack, it can be said that this is the most laborious and dangerous way of attack, but they chose this method, which really made him not know what to say.

Sun Buyu is very clear that for things like fighting, it is not enough to rely on teaching or training alone. Even if the training is good, it is not actual combat. The training of the Blood Killing Sect is already very close to actual combat, but it is not the same as actual combat. There is still a certain gap between them. Those alien disciples may just regard the actual combat training of the Blood Killing Sect as a game and do not take it seriously. It is precisely because of this that they are like this. .

If those alien disciples really carried out their actual combat training seriously, it would never be like this, but this time it is a real actual combat. Those alien disciples will definitely learn from this battle. There are a lot of things, Sun Buyu is very sure of this.

The alien race is not an ordinary race. They are a fighting race. The talent for fighting is engraved in their genes. Even now that their bloodline has been changed a lot, even now they have developed spiritual wisdom. But Sun Buyu believes that as long as there is fighting, and as long as the intensity of the fighting reaches a certain level, the fighting instincts in the bodies of those alien disciples will awaken, and when the time comes, there will be another powerful army after the bloodshed. .

The fact is exactly as Sun Buyu thought. After those alien disciples fought with those crabs for a while, their attacks slowly changed. Their long tails could not only be used to make them become Being more flexible can also become a weapon for their attacks, and their four claws can also be used for offense without being displayed.

The most important thing is that they finally discovered that although the crabs' defense is strong, it is not without any flaws. The most important thing is that if you turn over those crabs, then they will try to turn over. It takes a long time, and this is one of their weaknesses.

It was precisely because of these weaknesses that the alien disciples attacked the crabs more smoothly. Slowly, they began to gain the upper hand. What surprised Sun Buyu was that the crabs were being killed. After that, they will be eaten by the alien disciples. After eating those crabs, the front two of the four claws of some alien disciples will turn into large pincers, and their attack power is actually very strong.

It was precisely because the alien disciples slowly gained the upper hand that Sun Buyu did not send anyone to support them. He wanted those alien disciples to fully activate their fighting instincts through this battle, so that they Only then will you truly grow up.

Although some alien disciples died in battle, this was inevitable. After all, these alien disciples now all have life seeds in their bodies, all have identity cards, and all have external incarnations, so even if they died in battle, You can also become the undead, but you don't really die, so there is nothing to worry about.

The performance of the alien disciples was really getting better and better. When the alien disciples finally wiped out all the crabs, a scene that made the Blood Killing Sect disciples feel a little disgusted appeared. The aliens surrounded those crabs and ate them. Especially Jie Heng, who was surrounded by a group of aliens and eaten. Jie Heng was indeed powerful. He alone killed nearly a hundred alien disciples, although those alien disciples all turned into The undead clan came back to life for once, but this was also a source of deep hatred for the alien disciples.

When the aliens ate, they felt a little nauseous. In addition, it was in the water, and the blood of the crabs was floating around the water. Although it was said that it could not reach the base of the Blood Killing Sect, the blood of the Blood Killing Sect was When the disciples saw this situation, they also felt a little disgusted, but there was nothing they could do about it. The alien clan was like this, so they didn't say anything.

When the aliens ate all the crabs, they returned to the Blood Killing Sect's base. After returning to the Blood Killing Sect's base, they changed back to human form, but all the Blood Killing Sect's disciples , can all feel that the strength of those aliens seems to have made some progress, which surprised them all.

Even Sun Buyu was a little surprised when he saw the appearance of those alien disciples. He really didn't expect that the strength of those aliens would actually increase. This increase in strength did not only refer to an increase in combat power, but to them. The spiritual energy on his body was also increasing, which surprised Sun Buyu.

Although the fighting power of the alien clan was strong in the past, their training talents could only be considered average. The techniques practiced by these alien disciples were some of the relatively common techniques in the Blood Killing Sect. In addition, they practiced The training time was short, so the spiritual energy was not very deep, but they did not expect that after this battle, their spiritual energy would be much deeper than before. How could one not be surprised?