c7528 swimming fish sword

The alien disciples quickly swam to a place outside the vortex of the green dragon fish, and their eyes all flashed with cold light. Then the leading alien disciple couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then a sharp horn on his head Above, a black light suddenly flashed, and the black light shot straight towards the blue-headed fish, but when the black light shot forward, all the seawater turned into ice wherever it passed. When that black light shot forward, When the black light hit the green dragon's head, countless green-headed fish were immediately frozen by the ice. However, the green-headed fish behind seemed not to see it. They were still swimming forward and bumped into it. The ice lump with the blue-headed fish frozen in it was smashed into pieces in one fell swoop, and all the blue-headed fish inside were naturally shattered. However, they seemed not to have seen it and were still swimming forward.

The other alien disciples also immediately launched their black light. At that moment, large ice lumps appeared in the school of blue-headed fish, and then shattered. Naturally, many blue-headed fish died. Seeing that this method worked, the aliens were all very happy, and immediately the second wave of black light shot towards the school of blue-headed fish.

But this time when they shot over, a small group of blue-headed fish immediately rushed out from the school of blue-headed fish. These blue-headed fish used their heads to hit the black awn, and the black awn disappeared, except for a few. Except for the frozen blue-headed fish, all the other blue-headed fish were fine, which made the alien disciples stunned.

Those alien disciples never thought that those blue-headed fish would have such a way of coping, which made their previous plan useless. This made those alien disciples feel very angry. One of the alien disciples said He shouted, and then a golden light appeared from his other sharp corner. The golden light shot directly into the school of blue-headed fish, and then a large group of blue-headed fish were immobilized and stopped. Before the green-headed fish could fly out of the blood group, they were directly hit to death by the blue-headed fish behind them.

When he emitted the golden light for the second time, the blue-headed fish immediately swam out from the fish school and bumped into the golden light with their heads. Even though the golden light was very fast, those blue-headed fish couldn't. This can be done, and all the golden lights they hit with their heads will disappear. Of course, some blue-headed fish will die, but the number of blue-headed fish is there. Such an attack will not affect the blue-headed fish. The impact of fish is not very big.

When those aliens saw this situation, their faces were very ugly. At this moment, they heard someone shouting behind them. They turned around and saw a group of Blood Killing Sect disciples, and they were released directly. The flying swords in their hands, those flying swords, flew directly out of their hands and flew directly into the school of blue-headed fish, and then disappeared, and the blue-headed fish could not be seen. Some fish were dead or injured in the fish school, which puzzled the alien disciples.

But those Blood Killing Sect disciples didn't care what their expressions were, and still controlled the flying swords. At this moment, something unexpected happened. They saw the school of blue-headed fish, as if they were being caught. It was as if the person was being blown from the inside, and it suddenly expanded, immediately surrounding the aliens closest to the vortex.

Those aliens didn't expect that those blue-headed fish would have such a skill. Many alien disciples were wrapped in the fish school at once. As they were wrapped in the fish school, they disappeared in the blink of an eye. Everyone Everyone knows that as long as they are caught in a school of fish, they will definitely lose their life. This is really terrible.

Someone immediately gave the order and the army retreated five miles, but they did not attack the blue-headed fish. Everyone seemed to have forgotten about the flying swords they threw into the blue-headed fish. Everyone looked at them like that. No one moved around those bluehead fish,

After a while, countless more troops came behind the army. After these troops arrived, they immediately released countless flying swords. These flying swords all entered the school of blue-headed fish and then disappeared. , and those people stopped moving, everyone was looking at the whirlpool formed by the school of blue-headed fish.

I don’t know how long it took, but the school of blue-headed fish slowly changed. Among the fish, there were many more shiny things. I don’t know how long it took, and the school of blue-headed fish slowly changed. The swimming speed of the school of fish actually slowed down. At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also saw clearly what happened to the school of blue-headed fish. What other fish were there there? There was a crowd, and most of the people there were flying swords from the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Those flying swords were very weird, and they looked like swimming fish moving forward one by one. There were only a small number of blue-headed fish, but Those green-headed fish were quickly caught up by those flying swords, and then strangled.

When the last blue-headed fish disappeared, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. The mission was finally completed. The flying swords flew back to their master's hands like swimming fish, and then the flying swords merged directly into the It was as if they had never appeared in their master's armor.

Then a leader gave an order, and the army moved forward directly. When they arrived at the place where the blue-headed fish whirlpools were, they saw a strange shadow. Just where the blue-headed fish whirlpools appeared, on the ground On the top, there are countless small green blocks. These stones are large and small, all shining with a slight blue light, and they look very beautiful.

A disciple of the Blood Killing Sect stretched out his hand and sucked a piece of blue stone into his hand, but he was slightly stunned because the blue stone was actually very cold and felt a bit icy when he held it in his hand. This made him feel uncomfortable He felt a little surprised. You must know that every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is good at physical training. With the strength of their bodies, they can actually feel the ice on their hands from the stone. This shows how low the temperature of the stone is, and this is also true. This was what surprised him the most.

He quickly reported this situation to their captain, who took the stone and took a look at it, and then immediately connected it to Sun Buyu's communication circle. After Sun Buyu connected to the magic circle, he just reported his name when he heard a voice saying: "The 7th Brigade of the Qianzi Army, the 13th Squadron, the squadron leader has reported to the commander, we found something here A cyan, stone-like object that feels very cold. I suspect it may be the skulls on the heads of those blue-headed fish. I don’t know if it is useful to our Blood Killing Sect. I would like to ask the commander if these things need to be collected. stand up."

Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, then he thought for a while, and then said: "First of all, we will focus on establishing a base. As long as the base is connected from east to west, you can collect those things. Whether they are useful or not, we will collect them first." That. The squadron leader responded and then ended the communication.

Tang Yingyi and the others had already heard the conversation between the two of them. Tang Yingyi looked at it and said, "I really didn't expect that there was an unexpected gain. That thing should have some effect, but the effect shouldn't be too big, and it's very It’s possible that it’s the skull on the top of the bluehead fish’s head that is used to hit people.”

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "I think so, but now we must build the base as soon as possible. Only when the base is built can we do other things. Now is not the time to collect those things. To be honest, I really didn’t expect that this swimming fish sword would have such a good effect, it’s surprising.”

Tang Yingyi and the others all nodded. They did not expect that the Swimming Fish Sword would have such a good effect. It had been able to take out all the blue-headed fish that even the Alien Clan could not do anything about. However, this also proved that the Swimming Fish Sword could be so effective. The fish sword is indeed very useful, especially in this water.

At this time, Zhen Lao, who had been standing by without speaking, said in a deep voice: "Elder Sun, the defenses on both sides must be strengthened. The enemy already knows our purpose and has also sent blue-headed fish to stop it. That is to say, Our every move should not be able to escape the eyes of the enemy. The enemy should also know that we disappeared the blue-headed fish, so we must be careful. The enemy is very likely to send a large army to deal with us at one time. And we still attack from the front and rear sides together, but our current defenses on the front and rear sides are still too weak."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Okay, I will send troops over immediately. I think relying on the phantom killing formation, we should be able to block Zhida's counterattack." Sun Buyu was still very strong against the phantom killing formation of the Blood Killing Sect. Confident, so he believed that as long as they relied on the phantom killing formation, they should be able to block the enemy's attack by sending a small number of troops.

The array elder shook his head and said: "Don't take it lightly. Although the phantom killing formation is very powerful, it is not impossible to break it. Just take the Nine Numbers Turtle clan. They can break the phantom killing formation. Even if they can't If the formation is broken, they will also know that there is a magic formation there, and if the enemy really has a race similar to the Jiu Shu Turtle, then our phantom killing formation may not have the corresponding effect. In the end, we still have to Look at people.”

Sun Buyu's expression changed slightly, and then he nodded immediately and said: "Yes, that makes sense. If the enemy can really break through our phantom killing formation, and we send too few people to defend it, then Our base is in danger. We need to be careful when dealing with the enemies here in Dragon Realm. When someone comes, send an order. The army will be mobilized to the front and rear fronts for defense. Order Jiuyun and the others to speed up the completion of the arrangement. We must put our The mountain protection formation has been set up."

The staff officer responded and went directly to deliver the order. Sun Buyu turned to face the old man: "Mr. Zhen, thank you for the reminder. As you know, this is my first time commanding so many troops. What can I not think of in the future? , please be sure to remind me as soon as possible, and we will take down this dragon world together."

Elder Zhen smiled slightly and said solemnly to Sun Buyu: "Elder Sun, please rest assured, our staff department is doing this, and we will definitely fulfill our responsibilities." Elder Zhen and Sun Buyu still knew each other, and Sun Buyu's growth , he has always seen it in his eyes, and he admires Sun Buyu very much. In his opinion, it is really difficult to find a disciple with Sun Buyu who works so hard and is talented, and he should really pay attention to it.