c7523 awake

Jiang Shenglin and the others listened quietly to Sun Buyu's words. To be honest, they felt uncomfortable before because Chang Jun actually asked them to be Sun Buyu's assistants. This made them feel a little unconvinced, and they Some of them were unconvinced, but most of them just rolled their eyes.

The origins of several of them are almost the same as Bai Yan. They all followed Zhao Hai at the Black and White Battlefield. Zhao Hai also attaches great importance to them, so they always believe that their status with Bai Yan should be In the same way, they should also get what Baiyan deserves.

But now they suddenly discovered that that was not the case. Now Byakugan has become the head coach of one party, and he has entered the time acceleration zone to practice. But they, there is no way to compare with Byakugan. They had no way to compare with him before. There is no chance to lead an army to fight alone, let alone go to the time acceleration zone to practice.

It was precisely because of this that they felt a little unconvinced. It was precisely because of this that they never gave Sun Buyu any advice or said anything to Sun Buyu from the time they followed him. The first time I made an opinion, it was a bit accusatory.

But now when they heard Sun Buyu tell his reasons, they found that they seemed to have no way to refute Sun Buyu, because what Sun Buyu said was very reasonable. Only after having a stable rear can we talk about stability. Development, if you don't even have a stable rear, how can you develop stably? This seems to be a very simple truth, but they had not thought of it before.

However, Jiang Shenglin still said: "Elder Sun, how big do you think our base is to have a stable rear?" Jiang Shenglin really wanted to know what Sun Buyu would achieve, knowing that they already have After covering a land of thousands of miles, couldn't such a large base serve as a stable rear area?

Sun Buyu looked at the screen and said in a deep voice: "Only in a land of 100,000 miles, such a large base can become our stable rear. Don't forget, we are now in the Dragon Realm. The previous Jie Heng also said that in Here in the Dragon Realm, he is just a general, and the Dragon King also ordered them to attack our Blood Killing Sect whenever they see them. In other words, they will not be restricted by any basic magic circle. It is very likely that there will be no restrictions on the basic laws. They can attack us at any time and use all methods to attack us. And our base may also be attacked from all sides, so we must now expand our For our base, it is best to find the boundary where this interface is directed. Only in this way can we deal with the enemy with peace of mind, without having to worry about the enemy attacking us from all sides."

Jiang Shenglin and the others nodded. They all knew that being attacked from all sides was not a good thing. Even if the Blood Killing Sect could withstand it, the losses would not be small. On the contrary, if they could deal with both sides, If you are attacked from both sides, the pressure will be much lighter.

Sun Buyu ignored them, but continued in a deep voice: "The enemies here in the Dragon Realm are definitely not simple. You have also seen the fighting power of Jie Heng before. He shouldn't be a general, right? But their fighting power is really He is not weak at all. That Jie Heng killed nearly a hundred alien disciples by himself. Even if those alien disciples have not gone through the battle formation, their defense, their speed, and their strength can't be beat. They are all very powerful, but Jie Heng still killed nearly a hundred people, which shows how powerful Jie Heng is, and we must be careful."

Jiang Shenglin and the others all understood what Sun Buyu meant. Here in the Dragon Realm, they would face real enemies, enemies without any restrictions, and enemies who had been trained and powerful. If any of these were taken out, in fact, It's enough to bear. Now in the dragon world, they will all appear. Facing such enemies, they must be careful.

At this time, Jiang Shenglin and the others no longer dared to have any dissatisfaction with Sun Buyu. Although they had only entered the Dragon Realm not long ago and had only done these few things, Sun Buyu's abilities had emerged. Jiang Shenglin and the others already knew that Sun Buyu's ability was indeed very powerful. Compared with Sun Buyu, there was still some gap between them.

Sun Buyu turned to look at Jiang Shenglin and the others, then he sighed softly and said in a deep voice: "Guys, I don't have much contact with you, but it's not too few, and I have contact with Elder Bai." There may be more. I know that you and Elder Bai joined the Blood Killing Sect together. When you joined the Blood Killing Sect, your status was almost the same. So why is Elder Bai now the leader of an army, and you guys But not? Why can Elder Bai go to the time acceleration area to practice, but you can't? Have you ever thought about it?"

When Sun Buyu mentioned this matter, the faces of Jiang Shenglin and others changed slightly. Although they had never told anyone about this matter, it was undeniable that this matter had become their The deepest pain in their hearts is that they don't understand why they have reached the point where they are today, and why they are not as good as Byakugan.

When it comes to looks, Byakugan is far worse than them. Of course, in the world of cultivation, people don't care about looks, but a good appearance will undoubtedly give them some points. When it comes to strength, their original strength is actually similar to Byakugan, maybe even stronger than Byakugan. Why is Byakugan now the leader of an army? Even when they met Wen Wenhai, they all treated Wen Wenhai as equals, and now they have entered into I went to practice in the time acceleration area. Everyone knows that people who can enter the time acceleration area to practice are either very powerful or have made great contributions to the sect. Zhao Hai is particularly optimistic about people who are very powerful. This one has nothing to do with Bai Yan. It can only be someone who is favored by Zhao Hai and has made great contributions to the sect. And this is what they don't understand. They don't understand that Bai Yan means a lot to the sect. How much contribution does the door have?

Sun Buyu looked at the faces of the three people and knew what they were thinking. He smiled slightly and said: "Guys, I have been in the sect for a long time, and I started from an ordinary disciple to step by step. To this day, although I have had a lot of contact with Elder Bai, it is not too much, so I believe that what I say should be relatively objective, do you want to hear it?"

Jiang Shenglin and the others looked at each other, and then nodded in unison. They really wanted to hear what Sun Buyu would say. Sun Buyu's status in the Blood Killing Sect was not low at all, and they all knew it. What is the status of the cavalry in the Blood Killing Sect, but Sun Buyu has always controlled the cavalry, so his status is naturally not low.

Sun Buyu looked at Jiang Shenglin and the others and said in a deep voice: "The reason why you guys failed to lead an army alone and failed to enter the time acceleration zone to practice is that the most important thing is that you are satisfied. The original status of these few people is similar to that of Bai Yan. You are all enjoying the treatment of our core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. And our core elders of the Blood Killing Sect can almost get whatever you want. In this case , in your opinion, no matter what you do for the sect, you will not get more benefits. If you do less for the sect, you will not get any less benefits. So you have slacked off a little. Now that you have become the core elders After that, there was almost no contribution. You have been practicing, and you did not put your thoughts on the sect. You just thought about making your own strength stronger. Is this right? Yes, But it’s not right either.”

Having said this, Sun Buyu paused for a moment, glanced at a few people, and then said in a deep voice: "I say you are doing the right thing because what you are doing is something that every monk will do, and every monk will do it. You are doing the same thing, because strength is everything for a monk, so there is nothing wrong with you practicing hard and improving your strength, so I say, you are right to do this."

"You say what you did is wrong is because you have ignored one thing, that is, in the Blood Killing Sect, the Sect Master is the heaven, and the Sect Master is everything in the Blood Killing Sect. Without the Sect Master, there will be no Blood Killing Sect. , without the sect master, the Blood Killing Sect cannot exist, let alone develop, and the sect master now needs help, needs us to contribute to the Blood Killing Sect, needs us to contribute everything to the Blood Killing Sect, so that we can push forward We should move forward with the sect master instead of letting the sect master drag us forward. With the sect master around, as long as the sect master keeps moving forward, then all of us can follow the sect master. Without the sect master, can we really rely on our own strength to live forever? This Impossible, right? Because without the sect leader, it means that everything of the Blood Killing Sect, including the skills, materials, everything is gone. Under such circumstances, do you really think that you can still cultivate immortality? "

"It is precisely for this reason that it is wrong for you to put all your thoughts into practice. If you contribute to the sect, the sect master will naturally help you increase your practice speed, so when you concentrate While practicing, Elder Bai was directing my disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to fight. He even understood the meaning and made himself stronger, so he entered the time acceleration zone, but you didn't. .”

At this point, Sun Buyu stopped. He glanced at the three of them, and then said in a deep voice: "It is precisely for this reason that you guys are not as good as Elder Bai now. He can go to the time acceleration area. , and you can’t go, don’t forget, although the number of core elders in our Blood Killing Sect is not large, there are not many. As of now, not all core elders can enter the time acceleration area. Practicing.”

Jiang Shenglin and the others listened blankly to Sun Buyu's words. They really didn't expect that it was because of this. They had always thought that as long as they became the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect, they wouldn't need to be here. If they worry about training, they will become the top group of people in the Blood Killing Sect. Only now do they realize that it is not like that.