c7520 army

"I think so. What you said is correct. I remember that the Dragon Clan is generally in charge of the four seas. It is said that the Dragon Palace is in the sea, and their subordinates are all shrimp soldiers and crab generals. So if they can control those fish, there will be no What's so strange, Bu Yu may have thought of this, so he had to clean up all the fish." Chang Jun finally agreed with Zhu Yong's statement, because he had also read some stories about Tian Long Ba Bu He also had some understanding of some of the powerful races in the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragon, so he felt that what Zhu Yong said was very reasonable, and Sun Buyu might have done this because he thought of this.

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "Actually, this is also a test to see if the Dragon Clan can really get the news from those fish. If the Dragon Clan can really get the news from those fish, then the Dragon Clan will come soon. Check the situation here, if the Dragon Clan can’t get news from those fish, then they won’t come.”

Chang Jun nodded, and then said with a smile: "I don't know if that guy in Buyu really thinks so. If he really thinks so, that would be the best. If he doesn't think so, we But if you think of things like this, that would be interesting, hahahaha."

When Zhu Tong and the others heard what Chang Jun said, they all burst out laughing. They also thought it was interesting. If Sun Buyu really thought that way, then it would make sense. If Sun Buyu didn't think that way, then people like them , which is tantamount to putting gold in Sun Buyu’s face.

But Sun Buyu didn't know this. He was still watching the disciples building the magic circle. At the same time, he was also watching the situation outside the base to see if there would be any enemies coming to attack them. If there were enemies coming to attack them, then He must react immediately.

In fact, Zhu Yong really guessed it right. What Sun Buyu did was actually testing. Sun Buyu believed that the news about their arrival here was probably known to the Dragon Clan. As for when the Dragon Clan would attack them , that’s really hard to say.

It is not difficult for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to build a base of a thousand miles. In a few hours, the base has been built. After the base is built, Sun Buyu immediately gives it to Chang Jun. A letter was sent, asking Chang Jun to send one million troops to come and sit in the base, preparing for further expansion.

He has built a lot of rooms in the base. These rooms have internal space for disciples to go in and rest. Therefore, even if a million people come, they can still have a good rest in this area. Of course, they are here now to expand. Sun Buyu must build a large base before the Dragon Clan can react. Only in this way will they have the power to protect themselves.

Naturally, Chang Jun would not object. He immediately sent another million people to Sun Buyu. Among these million people, 500,000 were disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, while the other 500,000 were disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The alien clan, after these alien clan members arrived, Sun Buyu immediately gave them an order to clean up all creatures within ten thousand miles in diameter, and then asked Jiuyun to command his disciples to expand the base of the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, he also began to let Jiuyun and the others established radar warfare to make the range that their radar can monitor larger.

Just when the alien clan was cleaning up the fish within ten thousand miles, Sun Buyu suddenly discovered that an organized army was rushing towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect. The reason why they were said to be an army was that Because they were rushing over in formation, Sun Buyu immediately zoomed in on the screen, wanting to see what kind of enemies were coming this time and whether they were from the Dragon Clan.

When Sun Buyu enlarged the incoming enemy, he was stunned for a moment because he found that the incoming enemy was not a dragon, but an army of crabs! It was really an army of crabs. A large group of crabs came. These crabs were all very huge. The diameter of the leading one's back shell reached about five meters. The diameter of the other crabs' back shells was not smaller than that. Two meters.

There were a lot of these crabs, about 100,000 of them, and they marched towards the base of the Blood Killing Sect. They all walked sideways, and their two giant claws kept flying in the air. Waving, it seems to be very lethal, and these guys move very fast, especially the big crab in the lead. His whole body is black, but the carapace is flashing with a metallic luster. The speed is very fast.

The most important thing is that this big crab is very cruel and moves very fast. Any fish he encounters on the road will be caught with his big claws and then sent directly to his own fish. Everything was eaten in his mouth in the blink of an eye. In the moment Sun Buyu saw it, he had already eaten no less than ten fish.

The same goes for the army of crabs behind him. They would eat all the fish they encountered along the way. However, they did not stop to specifically catch fish, but moved forward very fast. , but their formation has been maintained very well, which surprised Sun Buyu.

Sun Buyu immediately issued an order: "Quick, order all the disciples to return to the base for defense, and inform Jiuyun that the phantom killing formation in the base will be activated soon." Immediately, a staff member responded, and then went directly to convey the order. After leaving, Jiuyun and the others also took action. In the shortest possible time, they activated the base's phantom killing formation. The other disciples also all returned to the base to prepare for defense.

Sun Buyu looked at these enemies. Although the number of these enemies was only 100,000, because they had not fought with the enemy yet, they did not know the strength of the enemy. If the enemy was very powerful, they were not prepared. If so, the consequences would be very serious, so Sun Buyu would rather let all his disciples retreat to the base for defense instead of ordering an attack immediately.

Zhao Hai hopes to use the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms to train troops, but at the same time, he does not want anything to happen to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Because of this, they first take precautions to ensure the safety of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, and then A tentative attack is the Blood Killing Sect's usual way of fighting, which is what they said before, active defense.

When all the disciples entered the base, Sun Buyu immediately arranged for these disciples to prepare for the battle. He did not let all the disciples participate in the battle. He left one hundred thousand alien disciples and one hundred thousand ordinary disciples, and those one hundred thousand alien disciples, It is the main force preparing to attack, the one hundred thousand ordinary disciples, they are actually just a reserve team.

The reason why the alien disciples were used as the main force of the attack was because Sun Buyu had to know the combat effectiveness of those alien disciples. These alien disciples had just appeared in the Blood Killing Sect not long ago. How capable they were now. Not many people in the Blood Killing Sect knew about it. Although they had also participated in confrontation training in the real illusion, it was just training after all. Sun Buyu didn't know what their real combat power was, so he asked those alien disciples to attack , to see what the real combat effectiveness of those alien disciples is, so that he can know how to use them in the future.

As for those ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples, Sun Buyu really doesn't need to conduct experiments. He knows all about the combat effectiveness of those disciples, so he just let those disciples serve as reserve teams. Originally, he was not planning to use them. Ordinary disciples, but as a commander, he knew very well that if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not allowed to serve in the reserve team, then those disciples would have objections. After all, participating in battles has military merit, and military merit It represents a point of contribution and represents everything.

The crab army quickly arrived outside the Blood Killing Sect's base, but they did not attack immediately. Instead, all the crabs turned around and faced the Blood Killing Sect's base, and their formation remained. It was very neat, and all the crabs were looking at the base of the Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were really not used to being stared at so coldly by so many big crabs. Fortunately, the people at the front were all the Alien Clan. In the eyes of the Alien Clan, these Big crabs are the best food, so they all looked at those big crabs one by one, and some of the alien disciples even drooled.

Just when Sun Buyu thought that the big crabs were about to attack, the leading big crab started to move. He suddenly stood up. With his movement, the big crab's carapace also moved. The transformation was taking place, and the last person standing there was no longer a crab, but a warrior nearly three meters tall, wearing armor, but with two large claws on his hands, and his head looked a bit pointed. , like a right trapezoid, and he seems to have no neck. He has a big head that grows directly on his body. His eyes are really big, but now he is looking at the base of the Blood Killing Sect with a murderous look on his face. .

And his change also caused everyone in the Blood Killing Sect base to be stunned. Those people from the alien clan all looked at him blankly. They really didn't expect that the other party would be like this. A big crab turned into a person. Although he was a very strange-looking person, he did become a person.

The person who turned into a big crab looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect and snorted coldly: "I am Xie Heng, the rampant general under the throne of the Dragon King. Who are you, and why do you appear in our Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom? "His voice was a little muffled, but it was very penetrating. It carried far away in the water, and all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard his voice.

The alien disciples all looked at each other. These alien disciples were all just born. Although they had opened their spiritual intelligence and had been trained, they had never reported their family status during training before, so now the other party suddenly came. At this point, they really didn't know what to do.

Just when the alien disciples didn't know what to do, a voice suddenly came and said: "Sun Buyu, the frontline commander of the Blood Killing Sect, has met General Xie Heng. We, the Blood Killing Sect, are the divine dragons who came inadvertently. Haiguo, please don't take offense, General Xie." Because he didn't know the other party's details, Sun Buyu was very polite to them.

Set a small goal first, such as remembering in 1 second: Mobile version reading website: