c7526 food

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "I have also noticed that the defense of these fish may not be very strong, but their flexibility is very good. Coupled with the layer of green light on their heads, it is indeed It's enough to give people a headache. If the number was small, then we wouldn't need to care about these fish at all. But the problem is that there are too many of them. The number has reached a certain level, plus the green on their heads. Just the light gives me a huge headache.”

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "Let's do this. I think we can call over those alien disciples who have become the undead clan. Let's ask them what it was like when they were hit by those fish, and how we feel. Ask the ordinary disciples, even though they were not hit to death, you can also ask them how they felt when they were hit."

"This is a good idea. You can give it a try. Come here, call a disciple who has become an alien from the undead clan. Call a disciple who was attacked before. Let's go." Sun Buyu immediately said to a staff officer next to him. Said, the staff officer responded immediately and then gave the order directly.

After a while, two disciples arrived at the command headquarters. One of the two disciples was an ordinary disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, while the other was an alien disciple. But now he has become an undead disciple. These two disciples arrived at the command post. Here, he immediately saluted Sun Buyu and the others and said, "I have met a few elders."

Sun Buyu waved his hand. He first glanced at the alien disciple and said: "You were so careless before that you didn't even wear armor. Remember from now on, you must wear armor. I know that you aliens have your own It is a unique training method, but our Blood Killing Sect uses external avatars to fight and practice. It was finally determined after countless experiments. It naturally has its own reasons, so you must remember, do you understand?"

The alien disciple said with a look of shame on his face: "Yes, please don't worry, Elder Sun. We have written it down. We have had a meeting before and discussed this issue in detail. No matter what form we exist in the future, we will wear it." Armor will never make the same mistake again."

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said: "I called you two here this time because I want to ask you how you felt when you were hit by those fish. You can tell me first and be careful. A little bit, because we want to use what you said to judge what kind of ability those fish have and how they can break through your defenses."

Both of them responded, and then the alien disciple said: "Those fishes feel a little weird. They don't seem to be very fast, but they are very flexible. When they hit me, I felt My body felt cold. The place where I was hit by them seemed to be frozen. Then they hit me directly. The scales on my body were smashed into pieces. I felt that the scales on my body were broken. His defense should not be so fragile, but when he bumped into me, he really felt very fragile, as if he was vulnerable."

Another ordinary disciple of the Blood Killing Sect also said: "Yes, I feel the same way. My armor seems to be frozen, but because of the armor we have transformed into outside our bodies, we are not afraid of this kind of growth." They were frozen to a certain degree, so they were not broken. However, their freezing also had a certain impact on our armor, which reduced the defensive power of our armor to a certain extent. It can be seen that their freezing effect is actually very powerful. of."

Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, and then his face couldn't help but become more solemn. He said in a deep voice: "So it seems that the green light on the fish heads is used to freeze the enemy? This is a very troublesome thing. , this is the sea, fire magic will be suppressed here, and it is not easy to deal with them with water magic, especially the freezing effect of those fish, the effect is even worse when dealt with with water magic. ”

Jiang Shenglin also nodded, but he still asked the two disciples: "How powerful are those fish? Do they only rely on the freezing effect?" This is what Jiang Shenglin is most worried about. If the other party is also very powerful, If so, the consequences would be really serious.

The alien disciple and the ordinary disciple looked at each other, and then the ordinary disciples spoke: "Their strength is very strong. The most important thing is that when they swim forward, their strength seems to be concentrated. It's really like a wave, rolling forward all the time, and the power is much greater than we imagined."

Sun Buyu and the others' faces became even more ugly, but Sun Buyu still waved his hand and asked the two disciples to leave. After the two left, Sun Buyu said: "It seems that these fish are really tolerant." I have a headache, I really didn’t expect that these humble fish could have such a strong fighting power, even stronger than the crabs we saw before, I really didn’t expect it.”

Jiang Shenglin and the three of them all nodded. At this moment, a staff officer suddenly said: "Elder Sun, look quickly." Following the staff officer's exclamation, the attention of several people was attracted. Then they saw countless light spots appearing densely on the radar, and these light spots were swimming towards the two schools of fish.

When they saw this situation, Sun Buyu and the others' expressions changed, but then they were all stunned. Jiang Shenglin said with some confusion: "No, why didn't the alarm sound? Quick, zoom in on those fish and see what's going on. Something happened." Several other people also felt very strange, because they did not hear the alarm sound, which was really surprising.

Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, and then he enlarged the radar screen with some confusion, enlarging the light spots. Sun Buyu and the others were stunned when he enlarged the light spots, because those light spots were also fish, but they were all very small. Fish, these fish are only a dozen centimeters in length, and the longest ones are only more than 20 centimeters. They are round and very weird, but they swim very fast.

Sun Buyu and the others really don't know what these little fish are here for. Do these little fishes have any ability to deal with them? Sun Buyu and the others looked at the small fish solemnly until they saw the school of fish formed by those small fish, and then directly entered the fish schools on the left and right sides.

After those small fish entered the fish school, they opened their mouths and swallowed the small fish one by one. In such a situation, Sun Buyu and the others were all stunned. They were stunned for a moment, but then they all relaxed. Jiang Shenglin smiled slightly and said: "It turns out that these small fish are used as military rations. I really didn't expect it."

Sun Buyu and the others also breathed a sigh of relief. As long as these little fish were not attacking them, it was fine. But then Sun Buyu's face became suspicious. He looked at the little fish and said in a deep voice: "Although these little fish are They are here to serve as military rations, but from this point, it can be seen how much control those dragon kings have over the dragon world. Those fish can fight, and they can command those small fish to automatically come to the door. Come on, let’s use those fish as food, it’s really scary.”

When Jiang Shenglin and the others heard what Sun Buyu said, they were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately thought of this, and their faces became very ugly. They all nodded. It was indeed the case, although it was just a moment. It's a small thing, but when you think about it carefully, it's really scary. The other party can actually let those small fish come to your door and serve them as food. Isn't this scary? How much control does this require? I'm afraid Zhao Hai's control over the Blood Killing Sect is not that strong, right?

Sun Buyu's face was extremely ugly, and he spoke after a while: "The enemy this time is really difficult to deal with, but the fish schools on the left and right must be captured, otherwise they will become a serious problem for us. Yes, let me inform you that those disciples can use the Fish Sword when dealing with those fish." Immediately, a staff officer responded and went to pass on the order.

The Swimming Fish Sword that Sun Buyu mentioned is a magical weapon recently tested by the Blood Killer Sect. This magical weapon is not very powerful and not very fast when used in the outside world, but once this kind of sword is released, When used in the water, it can play a huge role. This kind of sword is like turning into a swimming fish. It can swim non-stop in the water. It is very flexible and very fast. It is also Because of this, this kind of swimming fish sword was equipped on the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, just to let them use it here in the Dragon Realm.

The equipment mentioned here does not mean that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must carry several fish swords on their backs at one time, or put the fish swords in their space equipment. The equipment mentioned here is actually the fish swords. The shape of the fish sword, and what kind of magic circle it uses, all are told to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so that when they arrive on the battlefield, they can release these fish swords directly from their external incarnations. Attack the enemy.

They were not planning to use this kind of swimming swordfish at the beginning. They planned to use this kind of swimming fish sword when they encountered more powerful enemies in the future. But now it seems that it is impossible. If they don't use this kind of swimming sword now, As for the Fish Sword, it is not easy to use it to destroy those fish.

Jiang Shenglin glanced at the blue-headed fish who were still eating those small fish, and said in a deep voice: "It seems that they are preparing to defend there with all their strength. Old Sun, you should also go and have a rest. I will keep an eye on this place tomorrow." During the battle, it’s not too late for you to come and take command, there’s no need for us all to watch here.”

Sun Buyu and the others thought for a while and nodded. Then they exited the command center and returned to their rooms, ready to take a good rest. They knew that they must keep themselves in the best condition. Only in this way can they better direct the next battle. The next battle is very important to them, and there is no room for any mistakes. If they don't do it well, there will be no way to bring these two together. If two nails are pulled out, these two nails will become their most deadly threat.