c7525 school of fish

Sun Buyu also frowned and looked at the fish. After a while, he shook his head and said: "No, radar can not only detect unknown objects, but also conduct sound wave reconnaissance to roughly judge whether these objects are harmful to us." Threat, now that the radar prompts like this, it means that this kind of object must be a threat to us, and we must deal with it carefully."

"But what threat do these fish pose to us? People from the alien clan might be able to swallow dozens of these fish in one bite, right? Moreover, their bodies are so small, and their teeth don't seem to be very sharp. I really don't think so. I can't see what kind of threat they will pose." Jiang Shenglin really didn't see what kind of threat these things, which were just small fishes in his eyes, would pose to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

"I think we will know soon. They are almost in front of our Blood Killing Sect's base. As long as they attack our Blood Killing Sect's base, then we will know what kind of threat they pose to us. ." A voice suddenly came. Sun Buyu and Jiang Shenglin turned around and found that Chen Chu had also stood in front of the radar screen. When he saw the two of them looking at him, he couldn't help but smile bitterly at them, but Nothing was said. At this time, Tang Yingyi also came over. He didn't speak, but looked at the small fish with a suspicious expression.

When Sun Buyu and Jiang Shenglin saw the two of them, they both had smiles on their faces, but neither of them said anything and focused their attention on the radar screen. They really wanted to know what those fish were. How to attack their Blood Killing Sect's base.

At this time, a scene that surprised Sun Buyu and the others appeared. They saw that the fish suddenly moved to the left and right, and actually divided into two groups. It was like they turned around on both sides, looking extremely flexible, as if they were a river. , suddenly encountered a fork, and then directly divided into two rivers.

When Sun Buyu and the others saw this situation, they were all stunned. They really didn't know why the enemy did this. It seemed too weird to do this, right? Instead of attacking the Blood Killing Sect, the troops were divided into two groups. What kind of tactic was this? Sun Buyu and the others frowned, a little confused.

Jiang Shenglin looked at the two fish streams, and after looking at the left and right sides of the Blood Slaughter Sect base, his expression suddenly changed and he said loudly: "No, these fish may go directly to the edges of the interface between the east and west sides. Defense, they don’t want us to push the base to the edges of the east and west sides, hurry up, stop them.”

When Sun Buyu and the others heard what Jiang Shenglin said, they were stunned at first, and then they immediately reacted. Sun Buyu immediately said loudly: "Quickly, notify all the disciples who can fight to go out to fight and stop those fish. Quickly." The staff officer responded and then passed on the order directly.

As soon as the order was given, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all mobilized and rushed towards the fish. Among them, the alien disciples were the fastest. They were like sharp knives and rushed towards the fish. , when they reached the edge of the fish school, they opened their big mouths and sucked dozens of fish into their stomachs at once.

But those fish didn't seem to see it, and swam forward directly. One by one, the fish were like bullets, hitting the aliens. The aliens didn't expect that those fish actually It hit them directly. They didn't even have time to react, and they were directly hit by those fish.

When the fish hit them, the aliens immediately felt something was wrong. The fish seemed to have turned into bullets, hitting them directly. The scales on the aliens were directly blown away. Those fish were smashed into pieces, and then one by one, the fish crashed directly into the bodies of the aliens. The aliens twisted their bodies in great pain, with blood splattering on their bodies, but the fish behind them still kept moving. They rushed over and couldn't stop them even if they wanted to.

One by one, the alien disciples were killed directly, while the fish school was still moving forward. Looking at them, it seemed that there was only one way forward. They would not think about anything else at all, they would just rush forward. , everything in front of them will be knocked away by them at once, there is no second choice.

The other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also encountered the same situation. Although they were wearing armor, they had no good way to deal with the fish that crashed into them as if they were desperate. Although their armor could block the attack of these fish. The impact would not cause them to be killed directly like those aliens, but their bodies would be sent flying directly, unable to stop the forward speed of these fish at all.

In addition, the number of these fish was too much, and the number was beyond people's imagination. Although all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were dispatched, they still failed to stop the fish. The fish seemed to be a Like a torrent, they kept rushing forward, rushing forward, and everything that stood in front of them would be knocked away by them.

Soon the two blood groups had arrived at the left and right sides of the Blood Slaughter Sect base, and stopped directly at the edges of the east and west sides of the interface. However, their so-called stop was just in that area. It just keeps swimming and doesn't leave. It doesn't really stop there.

When he saw this situation, Sun Buyu's face was very ugly. He said in a deep voice: "As expected, we went to occupy the territory. It seems that they also knew what we wanted to do, so they directly occupied two areas on the left and right sides. If we want to capture those two places, we must attack there. It seems that this dragon world creature is really difficult to deal with."

The faces of Jiang Shenglin and others were also very ugly. They did not expect that the enemy's goal was actually those two places. This was equivalent to the enemy planting a nail on each of their left and right wings. If they could not put these two If a nail is pulled out, these two nails will be hit hard at them at some point.

Tang Yingyi said in a deep voice: "These two places must be taken down. If we don't take down these two places, then these two places will threaten us at any time. By then, we will only be in more trouble, so We must capture these two places at all costs, even if it means sacrificing some disciples."

Jiang Shenglin and the others nodded, and finally their three eyes all fell on Sun Buyu. Sun Buyu thought for a while, and then said in a deep voice: "You're right, we would rather sacrifice more people now and save those two Even if we take down the two places, we can't keep those two places and let them keep bleeding our blood. Even if they don't attack us in the future, we must keep our troops there for defense, and this will also affect us. It is a plan to advance from behind, so those two places must be captured at all costs. Come and give orders. The whole army rests for a day, then divides into two armies, the left and right armies, and attacks the enemy's entrenched areas. Those two places must be captured at all costs. Down."

The staff officer immediately responded, and then went to pass on the order. Sun Buyu's order was passed on directly. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all returned to the base to rest, but they all knew that today's rest was just For a better attack tomorrow, tomorrow's battle will definitely be very brutal.

They had also seen what happened to the alien clan before. They all knew that the enemy this time was definitely difficult to deal with, so they had to be careful. At this time, the people of the alien clan were also coming. Summarizing, they found that they had made a huge mistake, that is, they overestimated their own strength.

The reason why I say this is because the death of those aliens in the battle was completely unnecessary, especially being killed by those fish, which was even more unnecessary, because they also had external incarnations, and they could also Cover their bodies with a layer of armor. Even if they transform, there will be no problem if they cover their bodies with armor. However, they have not done that before. They have always believed that the scales on their bodies are just It can provide them with a strong enough defense, but now it seems that it is not possible at all.

Now these disciples of the alien clan have all opened their spiritual wisdom, and there are also some who are not weak in strength and very smart among them. These people naturally become the leaders of these alien disciples, so they also learn to Chang Jun and the others held some post-war summary meetings to summarize their battle. The result of the summary was that when they fight against the enemy in the future, they must wear armor on their bodies.

Sun Buyu and the others didn't care what the alien disciples were doing. The alien disciples were relatively independent, and they would produce new alien disciples every day. Therefore, the people of the Blood Killing Sect didn't actually care much about the alien disciples, although They won't be used directly as cannon fodder like before, but if Sun doesn't meet them, he won't care too much about the affairs of the alien disciples.

Sun Buyu and the others were all looking at the two schools of fish on the left and right sides. Chen Chu looked at the two schools of fish and said in a deep voice: "To be honest, I really didn't expect that those fish would be so big." With such strong fighting power, they were able to kill the alien disciples by just hitting them. Although those alien disciples did not wear armor, after they transformed, the defense of their scales was very strong, and they could be killed by those fish. It’s really a surprise to be hit and killed.”

Tang Yingyi also nodded and said: "Yes, is their impact really that strong? I've seen it, and their speed doesn't seem to be that fast, right? But they can really kill those alien disciples." Hit to death, there’s something weird here, are their heads really that hard?”

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "I have noticed that there is a layer of blue light on the heads of those fish. There is a lot of blue light in that layer, and the power is really strong. I think the problem should be in that layer of blue light. We must be careful in the future, and it is best to find a way to crack it, otherwise, it will still cause us a lot of headaches when we face each other in the future, and the losses will be very heavy if not done properly."