c7522 expansion

However, Sun Buyu didn't ask any more questions. He knew about the Alien Clan and the importance of the Alien Clan to the Blood Killing Sect. The Alien Clan was the most loyal race to Zhao Hai and was as famous as the Undead Clan. It can be said that they were Zhao Hai's descendants. The two knives in Hai's hands were a bit dull before for the Alien Clan, but now they seem to be sharpened again. This is a good thing. As for why the Alien Clan has undergone such a change, that has nothing to do with him. A little bit of a relationship.

In fact, Sun Buyu and the others still know too little about the alien clan. They don't know at all that the alien clan was not weak before, but it was weak because they could not practice directly and had no spiritual intelligence. They could only rely on absorbing more powerful weapons. Only the genes of powerful creatures can make themselves more powerful, which has also become a bottleneck for the development of the alien clan.

Zhao Hai has a lot of bloodlines in his hands, but those bloodlines are either too strong or too weak. They are not very helpful to the alien clan. Until he got the Kunpeng bloodline in the Garuda Realm, this That really made the alien family what it is now.

To say that the bloodline is Kunpeng's bloodline is actually a bit too much. That bloodline is actually Kunpeng's bloodline that has been diluted for who knows how many generations. There is only a trace of the power of Kunpeng's bloodline in it, and that bloodline was affected by the energy in the jade bottle. After years of assimilation, it already has that ability, and it has been contaminated by the power of the Shadow Clan Law. Although the uncontrolled distribution of the power of the Shadow Clan Law has been removed by Zhao Hai, But there is still the power of the Shadow Clan in that bloodline.

After this bloodline was integrated into the alien's bloodline, it was very consistent with the original bloodline of the alien. Coupled with the ability of the jade bottle, the current bloodline of the alien clan is actually very messy, but it is It is still based on the Kunpeng bloodline in the jade bottle that Zhao Hai got, but he still has the ability to absorb genes. With the addition of the golden light, the golden light can swallow things, then transform them into energy, and release them. When it comes to the alien body, the specific manifestation is that it becomes the aura in the alien body.

Therefore, the training speed of the alien clan should be faster than that of ordinary people, but the spiritual energy they absorb using this method actually still needs a certain amount of time to be refined. Although this is the case, their training The speed is also faster than normal, but other people don't know much about the power of the alien bloodline, so they find it strange.

Naturally, Sun Buyu doesn't know this, and he won't ask. The status of the alien clan and the undead clan in the Blood Killing Sect is very strange. They can actually exist independently. It is precisely because of this that, Ordinary people would not care about the affairs of these two tribes. There are dedicated people responsible for the affairs of these two tribes.

Seeing that the alien clan had returned, Sun Buyu directly arranged for them to rest, and then sent another group of alien disciples to the front line. Then Sun Buyu directly asked them to expand. He had to capture Wanli's base. The enemy has already attacked at this stage. It can be seen that the enemy can receive their message through those fish. In this case, it is even more impossible to let those fish stay in the territory of the Blood Killing Sect. They must send them to Push forward and build all your bases as quickly as possible. Only in this way can you mobilize more troops.

Sun Buyu has already seen that the enemy they have to face this time is completely different from that in the Garuda Realm, and it is also completely different from the previous enemies. The previous enemies, whether they are Yakshas or Asuras, they are not the same as those in the Garuda Realm. Emperors are not real people, they are just some spirits and phantoms. They originally did not have such strong fighting power. It is the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan that gives them such strong fighting power.

But the Kunpeng in the Garuda Realm is in a different situation. They are completely energy bodies, and their energy bodies are actually created by the jade bottle and the golden crown, so they are completely illusory. And they are very rigid. Although such enemies are very powerful, they are really not a big threat to the Blood Killing Sect. As long as they grasp their rules, it is actually very simple to deal with them.

But now the situation here in the Dragon Realm is a little different. Although they have been here for a short time, they have met very few people from the Dragon Realm. Seriously speaking, there is only one Jie Heng. It was a giant crab in human form, but what Xie Heng said gave Sun Buyu and the others a lot of information.

The first is that this is indeed the Dragon Realm, and there is a unified country in this Dragon Realm, the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom, and the king here is the Dragon King.

The second is that the Dragon King here should be controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Otherwise, he would not know the existence of the Blood Killing Sect, nor would he call the Blood Killing Sect a robber, and give it to him early. The general under his command issued an order to attack the Blood Killing Sect whenever they saw it.

The third is that there should be a lot of troops in this Shenlong Sea Kingdom, and powerful people can change into human forms. Although they are only in human form, when they go out, anyone can tell at a glance that they are not human, but they But they can turn into human form, they can also practice, and they are not weak in strength. The most important thing is that they are spiritually intelligent, and they don't seem to be as rigid here as in the Garuda Realm. In other words, they You can attack them at any time, which is definitely not a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect. It means that if you want to deal with them, you need to pay more price.

Sun Buyu thought of all these things, and it was precisely because he thought of it that he thought that the strength in his hands was not enough. He needed a larger territory and needed to bring more blood-changing Killing Sect disciples to the Dragon Realm. This is the only way Only then will he have more strength to deal with those enemies.

It is precisely because of this that Sun Buyu immediately sent people from the alien clan to clean up the fish after the war. At the same time, he asked Jiuyun and the others to make arrangements immediately, and they must make arrangements within the shortest possible time. All the ground's bases have been built, so that their base will be stable.

Maybe this area is where the rampant general is stationed, so there are no other armies here, so when Sun Buyu and others expanded outward, they did not encounter any enemies until the Blood Killing Sect expanded their base to In the land of thousands of miles, he stopped, and then asked Chang Jun and the others to send him people. Now that their base here has stabilized, they need more people.

Chang Jun and the others were already prepared, and directly sent an army of 10 million. Among these 10 million troops, one million were members of the alien clan, and the rest were all ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples. And this time Chang Jun also sent almost all the alien clan.

The alien clan does need fighting to stimulate their fighting instincts. Although the current alien clan is still very fierce, they are just little tiger cubs that have just grown up. They have not really seen blood. They are not among the beasts. King, only by letting them fight and seeing blood will their ferocity be stimulated. At that time, they will be the true kings of beasts, and they can truly become the sword in Zhao Hai's hand.

In addition to the tens of millions of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Chang Jun also sent some people this time. These people are from the Hai Clan. The Hai Clan has not participated in the war for a long time, but they are a real race. , they were also practicing, but they just didn’t participate in the battle. In fact, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect didn’t know where those Sea Clan came from, but they didn’t ask. They knew that there were many secrets in the Xuanwu Space, and Only Zhao Hai knows those secrets.

So after the appearance of the Sea Clan, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect realized that in the Xuanwu Space, in the seemingly endless sea, there was actually such a race living, and the combat power of this race was still They are very powerful, but they are self-contained, which is really strange.

And this time, because the people attacking were the Dragon Clan, and the Dragon World is a water world, the enemies here seemed to be all the Sea Clan, so Chang Jun asked Zhao Hai if he could mobilize some Sea Clan to go to the Dragon Clan. Zhao Hai immediately agreed to go there to fight against the Dragon Clan, so this time Chang Jun directly sent some Hai Clan to enter the Dragon World.

With the joining of these disciples, Sun Buyu felt a little more at ease, but he did not stop. He still immediately ordered the alien and sea tribe disciples to start expanding externally. They must complete their operations in the shortest possible time. The territory is expanding, because the larger the territory, the safer they are.

In addition to the Hai Clan and ten million disciples, Ding Chunming also brought those elders to the Dragon Realm to take charge. With them, Sun Buyu felt even more relieved. He knew the strength of Ding Chunming and the others, and he was very confident. It is clear that with Ding Chunming and the others in charge, there is nothing to worry about even if the Dragon Clan sends experts to deal with them this time.

Jiang Shenglin and the others have been following Sun Buyu. As soon as they saw that the ten million disciples had just arrived in the Dragon Realm, Sun Buyu immediately asked them to expand externally. At the same time, they also made the aliens and the sea tribe the pioneers of expansion. This made them They were all a little puzzled, and Tang Yingyi even said to Sun Buyu: "Elder Sun, why are you so eager to expand? Isn't this bad? Is it a little too hasty? Our Blood Killing Sect has always focused on stability. of."

What he said is absolutely right. The Blood Killing Sect has always focused on stability. Now Sun Buyu is acting too anxious. After defeating Xie Heng's army, they have been expanding almost all the time. First, take the After landing in a land of thousands of miles, they immediately began to expand without stopping for a moment. This made Jiang Shenglin and the others feel that Sun Buyu was a little too anxious.

Sun Buyu shook his head and said: "I also want to focus on stability, but the prerequisite for stability is that we must have a stable rear. When we encounter any trouble, we can retreat directly. When we go to the rear to rest and regroup, we need to have strategic depth. Since the enemy's army is very powerful and we are really outmatched, we can also retreat and use strategic depth to hold the enemy back and give ourselves more power. At this time, we can reorganize our manpower to deal with the enemy's attack, or even counterattack the enemy. When we don't have these things, we must take them down as soon as possible. This is the most important thing."

Recommended new book by urban master Lao Shi: