c7531 bloodline

The war is still going on. The two sides are fighting very fiercely. When the squids and octopuses attack, they are always very fierce. They seem not to know what fear is. The squids are okay. Although they are very powerful in life, But they are enemies on the surface, and it is not difficult for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to kill them.

But those octopuses are different. Those octopuses can become invisible, and once they become invisible, it will be difficult to find them on the battlefield. It is precisely because of this that those octopuses are even more difficult to deal with, especially for blood. For disciples of the Killing Sect, those octopuses are much more difficult to deal with than those squids.

Sun Buyu and the others had been watching the situation on the battlefield. The situation on the battlefield was not beyond their expectations. Even if Xue Shi's disciples were unable to eliminate those squids and octopuses, they could still block those people. They In fact, there is nothing to worry about.

Chang Jun looked at the situation on the battlefield and said in a deep voice for a while: "The ability of those octopuses is really not weak. Can we let the alien clan deal with them and eliminate their discoloration and invisibility?" I can learn the ability, and maybe this will increase the combat effectiveness of the alien clan."

Sun Buyu thought for a while, nodded and said: "That's okay, but the problem is that the number of alien disciples in our Blood Killing Sect is still too small. It would be better if there were more. The current number is Too few, and the effect of this is not very great, which is a pity.”

Chang Jun thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "Collect all the octopus corpses. They can be eaten by the disciples of the alien clan in the future. Maybe they can get the abilities of those octopuses. How can you sink them?" Chang Jun really said He really liked the ability of those octopuses, so he wanted to let the alien family learn this ability.

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "This is feasible. If possible, we can catch some octopus and enter the sect, but that will be more troublesome. But we have to wait until the war is over. Now we can still No, now everything must be focused on war."

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Of course, by the way, I heard that Shu Li and the others are planning to add the devouring ability of the alien clan to some magic bugs, so that those magic bugs can be compared with the alien clan. What do you think of the same ability?" Chang Jun is not very worried about the war outside. Now that the attacks of octopus and squid have been blocked, there should be no change. In other words, the attacks of octopus and squid have been blocked. Squid has no ability to break into the Blood Killing Sect, so he is really not too worried.

When Sun Buyu heard what Chang Jun said, he was also slightly startled. Then he thought about it and said in a deep voice: "The strongest point about magic bugs is actually their self-destruction ability. In addition to their self-destruction ability, they have other abilities." In terms of aliens, their performance is not very good. If we make them too big, they will slowly become another alien family. If we keep them small, then they can absorb So what about the genes of other creatures? They are too small to be of any use at all, so I think it is not a good choice to rely on the aliens for magic bugs. On the contrary, I think it might be better to move the magic bugs closer to the war plants. I remember there is something called Cordyceps, which are insects in winter and grass in summer. If those magic bugs can really grow on the grass, If they can be converted to insects, then they are a very good choice whether used to ambush enemies or attack enemies."

When Chang Jun heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but nodded slightly, and then said: "Your idea is really good. You can tell Shu Li about this and let them walk less crooked feet. Alien In my opinion, the devouring ability of the clan is actually very suitable for us monks, but if we monks really have this ability, it would be a bit disgusting, so I have never mentioned this matter to the sect leader. , now it seems that we should let the alien family enjoy this ability exclusively, we will not be able to bear it."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone couldn't help laughing. At the same time, everyone also felt that what he said made sense. The aliens could process by devouring the flesh and blood of other creatures, and they could also convert the flesh and blood of the other creatures into energy. , this is actually a very powerful method. If a monk really has such a method, it will definitely make the monk's practice easier.

But as Chang Jun said, it would be a bit disgusting if Xiu Shi also used this method, so it is quite normal for those monks not to use this method. Now they also slowly know that some Forcibly adding the bloodline of a powerful creature to one's own body is not necessarily a good thing. If you want to fuse bloodline, it is actually very important whether it is suitable or not.

Generally speaking, there is no bloodline of monster beasts that is completely suitable for monks. After all, the races are different, so how can the bloodline be very suitable? However, there are some bloodlines of monster beasts that are consistent with the monks' personalities, training techniques, etc. On the other hand, there are many similarities, so integrating the blood of those monster beasts into the body, and then slowly refining those blood, will enhance one's own strength, and it will also have any side effects. A very good choice.

However, the bloodlines of some powerful monster beasts are not suitable for fusion with monks, because the bloodlines of powerful monster beasts will have some soul marks. However, this soul mark is not complete and can be regarded as monsters. It is a special inheritance method of beasts. If such a bloodline is really integrated with the monks, it will have a certain impact on the monks.

In severe cases, the monk may have a bloodline conflict and explode to death. Even if there is no bloodline conflict, the inheritance in this bloodline may change a monk's character. If one thing is not done well, that person may die. The monks went crazy. It is precisely because of this that when the Blood Killing Sect provides blood fusion bloodlines to its disciples, they are usually some monster bloodlines that are not very strong. The truly powerful monster bloodlines are also refined by Zhao Hai. After it becomes weak, it will be fused with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise something will happen.

The bloodline of the Alien Clan is actually a rather peculiar bloodline. The Alien Clan is very special. Their original bloodline is different from that of any kind of monster. They were actually a bloodline that came out of space in the first place. , cannot be regarded as a monster, so the bloodline of the alien is completely different from the bloodline of all monsters.

The blood of the three alien clans has a strong devouring ability, and their devouring ability is actually very surprising, and they can never be wiped out. It is precisely because of this that the alien clan They will continue to progress. As long as they devour the blood of more powerful creatures, they will progress, because their most primitive blood will not be changed, so they will become what they are today.

Zhao Hai did not dare to let the blood of Alien Yi Fang enter the bodies of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He knew very well that if the blood of the Alien Clan entered the bodies of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it would not harm the blood of the Alien Clan. , will swallow up all the blood of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and turn the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect into another alien hand, so he cannot do this.

Chang Jun and the others joked for a while, then Chang Jun wrote a letter to Chen Li and the others in person, telling Chen Li what Sun Buyu had said before, and letting Chen Li and the others use it as a reference, but he did not forcefully order them to proceed. Experiment, because Chang Jun knows very well that Shu Li and the others must have their own ideas. If he forcibly orders Shu Li and the others to change their minds, it may not be a good thing for Shu Li and the others.

The reinforcements of the Blood Killing Sect are still entering the Dragon Realm. As soon as they arrive at the Dragon World, they will be sent to two fronts immediately to support the Blood Killing Sect disciples there. Following them, There were more and more people, and the squids and octopuses couldn't stand it anymore, so they finally retreated.

Yes, those squids and octopuses did not stay there to fight to the death with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They retreated. This made Sun Buyu and the others feel relieved while also feeling very frustrated. They really I didn't expect that the octopus and squid would retreat.

In the eyes of Chang Jun and others, whether it is an octopus or a squid, they are all creatures affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Creatures like this will not retreat once they retreat; Fighting to the death, so now they are retreating, which is really rare for the Blood Killing Sect.

Not long after the octopus and the squid retreated, Jiuyun and the others also arranged the sect's phantom killing formation. Of course, this was also because the old man Jiu Suan came to the Dragon Realm. The old man Jiu Suan came here. Under his guidance, this phantom killing formation could be set up so quickly.

After the phantom killing formation was completely arranged, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all breathed a sigh of relief. To be honest, the attack here in Dragon Realm made them feel very uncomfortable. There was no pattern in the attack in Dragon Realm. Sex, and they will also find the weaknesses of the Blood Killing Sect to attack. This is something the Blood Killing Sect has never encountered in the previous interfaces. It is precisely because of this that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not interested in the dragon world. Only with this offensive method can I feel so uncomfortable.

But no matter what, now their base has been laid out, and their base is connected to everything. In the future, when the enemy attacks them, they can only attack them from the front and back directions. When they face such an enemy , you can choose to fight. For example, against the enemies in front, they can always be on the defensive, but against the enemies behind, they can attack, because they have to capture the behind.

As long as they take down part of the interface at the back, they can truly have a confrontation with the enemies here in the Dragon Realm. By then, no matter what tricks the enemy has, it will be of no use, and they can move forward step by step. , until the enemy is completely destroyed.