c7532 attack

Sun Buyu looked at the radar screen and said in a deep voice: "The mountain protection formation has finally been completed. Now Elder Jiu Suan and the others are building a house with an inner space to facilitate our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to make repairs inside. But at this time, I just discovered that our Blood Killing Sect really has a shortcoming. Our shortcoming is the ocean. We know very little about the ocean. In the ocean, we have very few things available to us. If we are on land, , each have some Supertree fortresses, then everything will be solved, but in this ocean, it is not suitable, so we can only build this kind of house with inner space, which is really a headache. And it will also greatly slow down our advance."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "It is true. We have been developing before. Some of the war plants on land have not been used much for the war plants in the ocean. We have not even studied them deliberately. This is indeed true. It’s an issue that seems to have to be taken seriously in the future.”

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "I think after knowing the situation here in Dragon Realm, Hall Master Hu and the others will turn their attention to this aspect. By the way, when I mentioned Hall Master Hu, I remembered, Elder Zhang Hongliang, It seems that he also came out of the time acceleration zone, right? I heard that he also understood the meaning? It seems that it is also the meaning of the magic circle?"

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Yes, Hongliang also understood the meaning, and it was also the meaning of the magic circle. Hahaha, that guy is really interesting. He only felt like he understood it when he was about to come out. , I didn’t realize anything until I came out. I only realized it after I came out and ran to Daozi Mountain again. However, there are still some differences between the meaning of his magic circle and the meaning of Xiaosi’s magic circle. Similarly, Xiao Si's meaning of the magic circle is more about the use of the magic circle. After Xiao Si learns the meaning of the magic circle, he can better use the magic circle to fight, while Zhang Hongliang understands the meaning of the magic circle. , but it is in the study of the magic circle, and his meaning of the magic circle is more for studying the magic circle, not for fighting."

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that the same intention would end up with completely different results. It seems that we still know too little about intention. We only know that intention exists, and we also know that it can To understand the meaning, we even know that we can understand the meaning by looking at the Dao characters on the Dao Zi Mountain, but we still know too little about what the meaning is, its origin, and its root."

Chang Jun looked at Sun Buyu, smiled slightly and said: "The fact that you have such an idea means that you may go further than those who understand the meaning. Work hard and remember , don't force what you want." After saying that, Chang Jun led Zhu Yong and the others out, saying as they walked: "I will make arrangements for the disciples to enter the Dragon Realm, and I will leave the command of the battle to you." He said. After that, he led Zhu Yong and the others out of the room.

After Zhu Yong and others left the room, Sun Buyu immediately said to Jiang Shenglin and others: "Immediately arrange for the disciples who participated in the battle to rest immediately. If the enemy does not attack us in the next two days, we will not attack us either. I will attack them and let everyone have a rest time. Talk to Elder Jiu Suan and ask him not to focus on the construction of houses with inner spaces. He does not need to do those things, just let Jiu Yun do it. Okay, he just needs to keep an eye on the mountain-protecting formation. If an enemy comes to attack, let him use the mountain-protecting formation to deal with it."

Jiang Shenglin responded, then turned around and gave instructions to the staff officer on the side. The staff officer nodded repeatedly before going to give the order. At this time, Sun Buyu and the others had been paying attention to the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, thinking We want to see how the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are feeling now and whether they need to make any adjustments.

In the following two days, the Blood Killing Sect did not encounter any attacks. This also gave the Blood Killing Sect's disciples two days of rest. At the same time, the Blood Killing Sect's reinforcements also continued to enter the Blood Killing Sect. In Zong's base, they lived in rooms with inner space, which made Sun Buyu and the others feel at ease.

Two days later, Sun Buyu was ready to attack the enemies to the north. Among their enemies to the north, there was the invisible octopus, so Sun Buyu had to be careful. After discussing with Mr. Zhen, the formation Lao and the others also used the past two days to make a very detailed battle plan. After Sun Buyu and the others read it, they all thought it was feasible, so they had no objections. The preparations were carried out according to Lao and the others' battle plan. .

The battle plan that the boss and the others came up with was actually very simple. The biggest feature of this battle plan was actually only one, and that was stability. Stability has always been emphasized by the Blood Killing Sect, and this battle plan of the elders has taken stability to the extreme.

The battle plan of the elders is to let the alien disciples be the vanguard and slowly advance forward. Behind the alien disciples, there are radar ships. Now in the Blood Killing Sect, there are a lot of these radar ships. , Of course, there are not many radar ships like the ones used by Sun Buyu and others that can be used to command battles, but there are a lot of ordinary radar ships. These radar ships will kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in front of them. All the situations within thousands of miles were detected and then sent to Sun Buyu's radar ship, so that Sun Buyu and the others could know the enemy's situation at the first time.

These radar ships are also protected. Those who protect these radar ships are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They are also the second wave of the army. Behind them is the formation army commanded by the Nine Suan Old Man. They will follow the army. , arrange the magic circle, so that it can always be guaranteed that the Blood Killing Sect's army is not very far from their base.

If an enemy attacks them, let the alien disciples go up first, and then the radar ship will retreat directly to the base of the Blood Killing Sect. Then the alien disciples will also retreat. They are relying on the phantom killing array to deal with the enemy and kill the enemy. After repelling them, they moved forward, forcing the enemy out step by step, so that the enemy could only come out to fight them.

This is exactly the method that the Blood Killing Sect has always used. This is the method they used against the enemy in the past. This is what the Blood Killing Sect has always insisted on. The active defensive tactic is actually, to put it bluntly, the most stupid method. This offensive method requires sufficient manpower, and the magic circle technique must be strong. It can be said that this tactic fully brings out the strengths of the Blood Killing Sect.

This tactic was originally developed by Zhao Hai, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been using it. Before, in the Garuda Realm, although for a while, Zhao Hai did not let them use this tactic, but It is necessary to fight the enemy head-on, but that is only when the Blood Killing Sect has gained the upper hand. In order to train the disciples, Zhao Hai will naturally not let the Blood Killing Sect disciples fight with the enemy head-on when they arrive in the Dragon Realm. , that will lose a lot of disciples.

In fact, although Zhao Hai seemed not to be involved in the Blood Slaughter Sect's attack on the Dragon Realm, Chang Jun also asked him for advice several times. Zhao Hai saw Chang Jun's battle plan and felt that what they did was The battle plan was very good, so I didn't say anything more and just let them handle it themselves.

Of course, it is impossible for Zhao Hai to completely leave the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect alone. He is still very concerned about the current situation of the Blood Killing Sect. Not long after Sun Buyu and the others entered the Dragon Realm, Zhao Hai has also Here in the Dragon Realm, it’s just that no one knows.

Sun Buyu and the others did quite well. Although they were not perfect, they were already very good. Zhao Hai would naturally not come forward to point fingers and let Sun Buyu and the others slowly grow up during the battle, and finally became A qualified general, this is exactly what Zhao Hai wanted to do, so he never showed up.

Although Chang Jun and the others do not know where Zhao Hai is now, they believe that Zhao Hai must be watching them. If they are really in any danger, Zhao Hai will definitely appear, so Chang Jun and the others are very bold in doing things. They remembered that Zhao Hai told them that they were not afraid of failure and could do it boldly.

Although Zhao Hai said so, no one among Chang Jun and the others wanted to fail. Although there were some twists and turns in the previous attacks on the interfaces, they were all successful in the end. It is precisely because of this that Chang Jun and the others do not want to fail even more. , in their opinion, it would be a shame if they failed.

It is precisely because of this that the method they came up with is their favorite, because this method is very stable and has the lowest possibility of failure. Although the speed may be slower, it is There is almost no chance of failure, which is what they like most.

Sun Buyu also showed the battle plan to Chang Jun and the others. He knew that in the past, this kind of battle plan had to go through Wen Wenhai and the others before reaching the hands of the frontline commander. Now Chang Jun gave way. It is already very good to always help him as a frontline commander. Naturally, he has to give face to Chang Jun.

Chang Jun didn't have any objections after seeing the battle plan of the leader. Sun Buyu could naturally make the next step. So after the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rested for two days, Sun Buyu directly ordered the following. The captain of the brigade gathered all the disciples and immediately began to attack.

Following Sun Buyu's order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect set off from the base of the Blood Killing Sect. The alien disciples were walking at the front. Their speed was very fast, but they did not go too far. After the road, they will always wander there, checking for anything that goes wrong. If there are invisible enemies, they will immediately eliminate them.

Although the aliens cannot directly use sound waves to detect enemies like radar, the sense of smell and feeling of the aliens are very strong, and they are also very sensitive to the enemy's breath. This has been true since the day they were born. It exists in them, so it is most suitable for them to be forwards.

Behind them is a Rubik's Cube formation composed of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In the middle of the Rubik's Cube formation, some radar ships are protected. The defense capabilities of these radar ships made by the Blood Killing Sect are not very strong, so they must You need someone to protect you.