c7534 mantis shrimp

Sun Buyu stood in the headquarters, looking at the appearance of the enemies on the radar screen, and couldn't help but sigh: "The role of the sea formation is really great. Previously, our northern and southern fronts were attacked by the enemy at the same time. At that time, because there was no one like Elder Jiusuan to preside over the formation, we fought a very difficult battle. Although we finally defeated the enemy, we also suffered a lot of losses, but now you Look, there are nine elders presiding over the formation, and we just put away the enemy without much effort. This gap is really too big."

Jiang Shenglin and the others all nodded. They naturally saw this situation. Now more than half of the enemy's dead and wounded were killed in the phantom killing array. This shows how powerful this phantom killing array is. You know The casualties of these dead people, but before the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took action, this was enough to make people feel how terrifying this phantom killing array was.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also took action. They rushed towards the enemies, and then transformed into Dharma and attacked the enemies directly. This attack was very powerful, but Those enemies couldn't even hide. Many enemies were killed directly. Those who were not killed were also seriously injured.

This is the scary thing about the phantom killing array. The array itself has traps. At the same time, it can also cause people to hallucinate, making you unable to see the enemy standing in front of you. This is the most terrifying thing, because you can see Without seeing the enemy standing in front of you, you will not be able to effectively defend yourself when your enemy attacks you. In this case, it will be difficult for you to survive.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect launched several more attacks, and all those enemies were wiped out. Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to clean the battlefield. They would collect all the corpses of these enemies, because the corpses of these enemies were very important to them. The research at the Spiritual Beast Hall is also very useful, and they must collect it.

Of course, a large part of these corpses will also become food for the alien clan, allowing the alien clan to absorb their abilities and use them for their own use. The starting point of the alien family may be too high now. Therefore, once a certain number of aliens absorb new abilities, all aliens produced in the future will have the characteristics of that ability and have disappeared. disappeared, that is to say, no matter how many alien disciples absorb the same new ability now, the alien disciples born later will not have such an ability. This has advantages and disadvantages. The disadvantage is that if there is an ability that can If the alien disciple is particularly useful, then the alien disciple can only hunt that creature to obtain this ability. If all that creature is hunted, then they will no longer be able to obtain that ability. The advantage is, They will become more diverse, and not all aliens will look the same.

After cleaning the battlefield, the army continued to move forward. The speed of their advance was not very fast. It was the same speed as before. Wherever they passed, there were still no chickens or dogs left behind. The belly of the alien disciples was like a bottomless pit. No matter No matter how much food they put in, they wouldn't be able to fill it, but they didn't put the food in their stomachs in vain. As those things entered their torma, the spiritual energy in their bodies also slowly increased.

After these several battles, those alien disciples finally matured, and their murderous aura became stronger and stronger. However, when Sun Buyu and the others saw these alien disciples, they were still a little dissatisfied. He knew that the real aliens, They should not have murderous aura on their bodies. The alien clan does not need to use murderous aura, because this kind of thing is the most useless thing to the alien clan. Their bodies generally carry death aura, and death aura is different from murderous aura. , the death aura is not the aura of the undead clan. The death aura of the undead clan means that they are dead, while the death aura of the alien clan means that they can bring death to their enemies.

In Sun Buyu's view, even people like Shu Li cannot be considered a real alien clan. There is only one real alien clan in the Blood Killing Sect, and that is the aliens in their alien cavalry team. Those aliens are They are real aliens. They have experienced hundreds of battles, and even the death energy is gone from their bodies. If they are not fighting, they will usually lie there lazily without making any movements. If you don't look at their ferocious appearance, If so, it's really like a lazy cat that is harmless to humans and animals.

But when they go to the battlefield, they become the most dangerous weapons. They will kill the enemy in various ways. It can be said that half of the reputation of the Blood Killing Sect Alien Cavalry is due to those aliens who came out Yes, it is precisely because of this that all the people in the Blood Killing Sect Alien Cavalry are very good to their aliens. They regard those aliens as their brothers and partners, and no one regards those aliens as themselves. They only regard them as comrades with different divisions of labor. It is precisely because of this that the alien cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect are invincible and invincible.

However, Sun Buyu did not force it. He knew very well that the reason why their partners were so strong was entirely because they had gone through too many wars. In fact, their partners could have become members of the Blood Killing Sect long ago. Ordinary disciples, they are already ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They can also get all the treatment of the Blood Killing Sect, but they are not willing to do so. It is precisely because of this that Sun Buyu and the others respect those aliens so much. .

Everyone kept moving forward for about four hours before they stopped. They had to stop because it was getting dark, that is to say, it was getting dark. In the sea, the so-called dark does not mean that the sky is dark. You can't see the sky here. The dark in the sea refers to the luminous plants in the sea entering a period of sleep. When those plants enter the dormant period, they will not emit light, and this dormant period occurs every day. Under normal circumstances, there are twelve hours in a day, six of which are dormant periods, and six more. Time is the time to shine.

The light in the sea all comes from those luminous plants. Once those plants stop shining, it means that there is no light in the sea and it will fall into absolute darkness. In this case , human eyes are basically just a decoration, nothing can be seen.

So when the sky darkens, they must stop for a period of time to repair, and then move forward. Although monks can use their mental power to explore the outside, if their eyes cannot see at all, the impact on the monks will be Still very huge.

After everyone started to rest, Sun Buyu breathed a sigh of relief. He also decided to take a rest, but he still arranged the vigilance work of the Blood Killing Sect. He knew very well that this place in the Dragon Realm was no better than other interfaces. interface, as long as the enemy's movement patterns are captured, the enemy will definitely not attack them when they are resting, but it is different here in Dragon World. There is almost no pattern here, and the enemy may attack them at any time. They can't be careless.

Sun Buyu and the others also went to rest. Only Chen Chu stayed behind. It would be impossible for no one to stay at the headquarters. Otherwise, if something happened, things would be really difficult to handle, so Sun Buyu and the others went to rest. Every time, someone will be left here to watch in case anything happens.

Chen Chu didn't feel tired at all. With their level of cultivation, even if they didn't rest for several days, it wouldn't be a big deal. So now he was looking at the Blood Slaughter Sect's radar screen while studying what to do. When dealing with the enemy, Chen Chu and the others now know why they are not as good as Bai Yan. It is because they have too few military exploits, so some good things cannot be said about them. Naturally, he needs to make more military exploits now.

Unknowingly, three hours passed. While Chen Chu was still studying the enemy, a very harsh siren suddenly sounded. Chen Chu was stunned for a moment, and then he suddenly woke up. He turned around to look. Looking at the radar screen, he soon discovered a white spot on the radar screen.

The number of white dots on the radar screen was very large. What he saw alone exceeded one hundred thousand. Chen Chu immediately zoomed in on one of the white dots. Chen Chu couldn't help but be startled by this magnification, because he I really didn't expect that the enemy coming this time would be this kind of thing, a shrimp.

These are some very large shrimps. The first shrimp is more than one meter long. Its body is covered with colorful carapace. It looks very beautiful. Its two forelimbs are very interesting. Those two forelimbs , turned out to be not pincers, but something like two small hammers.

The speed of these shrimps is not very fast. They are just crawling on the seabed and not swimming directly, so their speed cannot be too fast. Although we don’t know the combat effectiveness of these shrimps, these shrimps have already appeared, and they are Unable to resist the enemy, Chen Chu immediately shouted loudly: "Send an order to the entire army to prepare for battle."

The reason why he wanted the whole army to fight was because he found that there were very many shrimps. He had only seen 100,000 shrimps before. In just a short while, he saw half a million shrimps. , and the number is still increasing. Although these shrimps and their other enemies look inconspicuous at all, Chen Chu does not dare to underestimate the number alone.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were all ready to fight immediately. At this time, Sun Buyu and the others also walked out of their rooms and arrived in front of the radar screen. Chen Chu also asked Sun Buyu and the others to take a look at the radar. With the appearance of those shrimps on the screen, Sun Buyu's expression became serious.

After taking a closer look at the shrimps, Sun Buyu's expression became more solemn, and he said solemnly: "I have really heard of these shrimps. I heard that these shrimps are called mantis shrimps. Their main weapon is the mantis shrimp in front of them." The power of that pair of forelimbs is very huge. The power of a small one is already very huge, let alone one as big as now. Order the front troops to be careful and don’t If you have a head-on collision with his front forelimb, you will suffer a big loss."