c7539 analyze

Chang Jun stood in the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect, looked at everyone in the hall, and then took a deep breath. This was the first time he chaired a combat meeting alone. In the past, it was usually him and Wen Wenhai, but now Wen Wen After Hai went into retreat, he could only preside over it alone.

Now all the core elders who have not gone to retreat have arrived in the main hall. Chang Jun glanced at everyone, and then said: "This is the first time we have a war meeting after entering the Dragon Realm, because we have not met them. Trouble, and this trouble is not small, it is about the magic weapon, so I invited Lao Wen and the others to come out. I will let Bu Yu tell you what is going on. Bu Yu, come and tell me. ." After saying that, Chang Jun stepped aside and gave up his position to Sun Buyu.

Sun Buyu responded, and then walked to the front of the hall. He clasped his fists at everyone. To be honest, in front of everyone, he was actually a junior, because he was a master who had only emerged in recent years, and the people in the hall were Almost all of these people are veteran masters in the Blood Killing Sect. Even people like Sheng Si, who is relatively young among the crowd, became famous much earlier than Sun Buyu. Therefore, Sun Buyu is in front of everyone. Don't dare to be rude.

Everyone did not look down on Sun Buyu. The fact that Sun Buyu can stand here already shows his strength. In the Blood Killing Sect, people do not look down on seniority. Sun Buyu can become a frontline commander, and Zhao Hai There is no objection yet. This in itself shows that Zhao Hai recognizes his strength. Zhao Hai has no objection. What reason do they have to object? So no one looks down on Sun Buyu. Everyone wants to hear what Sun Buyu has to say. .

Sun Buyu glanced at everyone, and then said: "This war meeting was held after I told Elder Chang, mainly because we encountered trouble in the Dragon Realm, and this trouble is not yet Xiao, everyone knows that our attack in Dragon Realm has always been very smooth. We want to capture the northern area of ​​Dragon Realm as soon as possible, turn it into our base, and then move south step by step. Push forward and finally wipe out the entire Dragon Realm. This is actually an old method that our Blood Killing Sect has been using for a long time, but it works very well. We did the same this time, but when we pushed to the north, But we encountered a problem.”

At this point, Sun Buyu paused for a moment, and then he moved his hand, and a jade slip appeared in his hand. Then he input a trace of spiritual energy into the jade slip, and a huge projection immediately appeared in the jade slip. This The projection was exactly the picture of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect preparing to attack the sea anemone area.

Sun Buyu directed the sea anemone area and said: "Those things are sea anemones. Although they are very beautiful, those things are poisonous. They are not weakly aggressive. But generally speaking, these sea anemones should not They are mobile. As long as they stay there, they are like plants. Some small fish and some small creatures in the sea will survive in the sea anemone area and regard it as their home. They use sea anemones to To protect myself, when I saw such a large sea anemone area, I suspected that there might be a large number of marine life hidden in this sea anemone area, so I did not directly send my disciples to conduct a close attack on this area. , because in that case, you may be attacked by the creatures in the sea anemone area. My idea is to stop a hundred miles outside the sea anemone area, attack the sea anemone area with a flying sword, and eradicate those sea anemones. In this way, we have solved Haikui District. In fact, I have always believed that Haikui District is an alternative city in Hailili."

Following Sun Buyu's voice, people in the hall also saw that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect drove to a hundred miles outside the Haikui District, and then stopped. Then they saw that they released their flying swords almost at the same time. Those The flying swords rushed straight towards the Haikui District. Seeing the sight of thousands of swords being launched, everyone in the hall had smiles on their faces.

The people in the hall are all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. They are still very confident in the attacking power of the Blood Killing Sect. In their opinion, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect released so many flying swords at one time. It is impossible for sea anemones to block their flying swords.

Then they saw the small fish emerging from the sea anemone area, and they couldn't help laughing. In their opinion, it was simply impossible for those small fish to block the flying sword of the Blood Killer Sect. Those flying swords are the flying swords of the Blood Killing Sect. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are best at close combat, the lethality of the flying swords is not small. How can such a big fish stop the Blood Killing Sect? Zong's flying sword.

But what happened next left them all stunned. When the flying swords flew in front of the small fish, they slowly stopped. Then the flying swords turned around in a circle and turned the sword. The tip was aimed at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then he stabbed directly at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect at a faster speed than when he came.

Everyone in the hall saw the panicked faces of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, but soon the Blood Killing Sect disciples also reacted. They set up a large shield in front of them, blocking the flying A blow from the sword, but everyone saw that when the flying sword hit the big shield, it left a deep scar on the big shield. It can be seen that the sword did not spare any effort. If it were not for the blood The disciples of the Killing Sect reacted quickly, fearing that many people would be stabbed to death.

"These flying swords were actually controlled by those little fishes, and they in turn attacked our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Later, we had no good solution. We could only ask Elder Jiu Suan to strengthen the power of the phantom array, and use the phantom array's Force field to interfere with those flying swords. In the end, those flying swords were caught in the hands of our disciples. But the strange thing is that there is no other person's mental power in those flying swords. Our disciples can easily take them back. But this situation has always made me feel very uneasy. I don't have a good way to deal with those flying swords now, so I have to invite everyone here and let's discuss it together." Sun Buyu looked at He explained to everyone in the hall.

Everyone was staring blankly at the projection. They did not expect that such a situation would happen, which made them unable to react for a while. Their magical weapons did not obey their orders. This was really a problem for them. The thing is that they have never heard of it, which makes them really don't know what to say for a while.

At this time, a voice came and said: "Play it again." Everyone followed the sound and found that the speaker was Wen Yu Ming. Sun Buyu didn't say anything and just played it again. Then Wen Yu Ming asked him to play it again. After several times, Sun Buyu didn't look impatient at all and just followed the instructions.

Although Wen Yuming did not explain why he did this, everyone believed that he must have discovered something that made Sun Buyu do this. Everyone was waiting for his explanation and wanted to see No matter what he said, everyone's attention was focused on Wen Yuming.

After Wen Yuming had asked Sun Buyu to play it back seven or eight times, he stopped talking and closed his eyes, as if he was thinking about something. Everyone was also quietly thinking about why this situation happened. , you must know that magic weapons are the most difficult to control. If you want to control a magic weapon, you must drive away the original spiritual power in the magic weapon, but this is the most difficult, because controlling the mental power of the magic weapon , usually in the core part of the magic weapon. The mental power of ordinary people cannot enter the magic weapon at all, let alone drive away the mental power in the magic weapon, unless the owner of the magic weapon dies. Even if the owner of the magic weapon is dead, it is not easy to make a magic weapon your own, let alone if the owner of the magic weapon is still alive.

After a while, Wen Yuming opened his eyes. He stood up and walked to the front, but Sun Buyu saluted him and then returned to his seat. He knew that Wen Yuming must have something. To be honest, he should give up his position to Wen Yuming now.

Wen Yuming left the jade slip that Sun Buyu brought, played the projection in the jade slip at once, and then said: "I thought of a result, but it is really as I thought, I I'm not sure yet, so I'll use this projection to explain my conjecture, and everyone can help me analyze it."

After speaking, Wen Yuming pointed at the projection and said: "In my opinion, their attack plan is very good. They did not engage in close combat with those sea anemones, because we don't know much about the situation in the Dragon Realm. As for those We don't know much about the creatures. We don't know whether those sea anemones only have poison as an attack method. Although we Blood Killing Sect disciples are not afraid of poison, it does not mean that we are not afraid of other attack methods. "

Having said this, he paused for a moment, and then directed the small fish that appeared on the projection. At this time, the projection also stopped and settled on the picture where the small fish appeared. Wen Yuming pointed at the small fish and said: " Bu Yu said before that these small fish regard the sea anemone area as their home, but the sea anemone is poisonous, but these small fish are not afraid of it. What does this mean? This means that the sea anemones will not attack those small fish. That is to say, those small fish are also helpful to the sea anemone. They actually have a symbiotic relationship. The sea anemone protects the small fish, and the small fish also protects or helps the sea anemone."

Then Wen Yuming enlarged some of the small fish, and then said: "I don't know if you have noticed the patterns on those small fishes. Aren't the patterns on those small fishes very beautiful? Very beautiful. How bright? And all of us should know that the more beautiful the color, the more dangerous it is in nature. Although the patterns on these small fish look messy, they actually have a big purpose. Use, that is, the eyes that can confuse people. If we keep staring at these small fishes for a long time, we will feel dazzled. In fact, this is a deformation of the magic circle. Look carefully, everyone." He said while smelling Yu Ming was sketching on the bodies of those small fishes. As he sketched, as expected, very hidden magic circles appeared on the bodies of those small fishes. This situation surprised everyone. , because they had never noticed these magic circles before, and they did not expect that there would be magic circles on those little fishes.