c7530 Fighting on two fronts

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the south were inextricably fighting against those squids, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the north also encountered an attack from the octopus. In the eyes of many people, octopus and squid are similar things. In fact, this is not the case. Octopus and squid are still very different. The heads of octopuses are generally round, and they generally only grow. There are eight tentacles, and there are suction cups on the tentacles. The arms and legs of squids usually have about ten, and there are no suction cups on them. And their heads are also pointed, so there is a big difference between the two. .

The octopus attacking the north of the Blood Killing Sect this time is a color-changing octopus. The body color of this octopus can perfectly blend with the surrounding colors, so it is not wrong at all to say that they can become invisible. , they rely on this method to become invisible, but they do not really make their bodies completely disappear.

Those octopuses are slowly advancing towards the Blood Killing Sect's defense. Their advancing speed is not very fast, because if they advance fast, even if the color of their bodies is changing, they will not be able to hide it from those people. They were disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so they didn't advance very fast. They wanted to reach outside the Blood Killing Sect's base, and then launch a sudden attack on the Blood Killing Sect's base.

But they didn't know that just when they entered the outer perimeter of the Blood Killing Sect's base, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples already knew it, because there were some small metal balls in places where the octopuses didn't notice. They were scattered into the sand on the seabed, so no matter how the color of their bodies changed, as long as they passed by those metal balls, they would be discovered by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately.

Just when the octopuses arrived about fifty miles away from the Blood Killer Sect's base, countless flying swords suddenly flew out from the Blood Killer Sect's base. These flying swords stabbed directly at the octopuses, and those octopuses ate them all. Shocked, they found that the target of those flying swords seemed to be very clear, and they were coming towards them. They immediately knew that they had been exposed, so they sprayed out ink directly, and their figures completely disappeared into the ink. inside.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect didn't care so much. They directly controlled the flying swords and flew into the ink. However, they soon discovered that the ink was not that simple. Their flying swords were flying into the ink. After entering, they slowly lost contact with them, which surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and they immediately retracted their flying swords.

After they finally recovered the flying swords from the ink, they discovered that their flying swords actually had a layer of ink attached to them. The ink seemed to have stained their flying swords, and it was precisely because of this ink that they Their flying swords seemed to have lost contact with them.

After a Blood Killing Sect disciple withdrew his flying sword, he glanced at the ink on the flying sword, his face changed slightly and said: "It turns out to be poison, everyone, be careful." After saying that, he directly integrated the flying sword into his body. In his armor, the ink actually attached to his armor, but then the black water slowly disappeared, and finally disappeared completely.

The Blood Killing Sect has a magic circle that can absorb toxins. Every Blood Killing Sect disciple knows this magic circle, so even if the ink is poisonous, as long as it touches the bodies of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, it will soon be destroyed. disappear, because the toxins in the ink will be slowly absorbed by the magic circle.

The other disciples also did the same thing as him. After they absorbed all the ink, everyone turned their attention to the front and found that the sea water there had completely turned black, but the ink did not. Floating towards them, half of the sea water was clear, but half of the sea water was black, with distinct lines, which was very strange.

When they saw this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really didn't know what to do. In the end, they had no choice but to activate the sword formation of the phantom killing formation. Shooting into the ink, they also wanted to use sword energy to disperse the ink.

However, the sword energy entered the ink, but it did not cause any reaction. The ink was still ink, and it still stayed there without any reaction. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect look at each other, but they felt very strange. At this time, a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect was suddenly entangled by something and kept shaking in the air. There were also bursts of clicking sounds in the bones on his body, which were obviously strangled. .

Then there were countless disciples, who seemed to be strangled by something, and their bones were also strangled to pieces. Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect saw that one after another octopuses had actually crawled up to them. Underfoot, but their bodies almost turned into a transparent color, so they didn't notice it.

Obviously, those octopuses can become invisible, but they only used the ability to change body color before, but did not use the ability to become invisible. This caused the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to misunderstand. Now they are going to attack the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, I also used my invisibility ability, and then I succeeded in the sneak attack.

After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect discovered those octopuses, they immediately launched an attack on them. When those octopuses were attacked, they naturally let go of the Blood Killing Sect disciples who had been entangled by them before. , but those disciples who had been released and killed fell softly to the ground. Their bodies looked very soft. That was because many bones in their bodies had been broken, and their faces , but turned into an iron-blue color, obviously poisoned.

As soon as they saw this situation, the faces of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect changed. They became even more careful and never dared to let the tentacles of the octopuses entangle them. However, those disciples who fell on the ground were immediately rescued. The people in the team have been rescued. We must see if they can still be saved. If they can be saved, we must save them. If they are not saved, we can only watch them become the undead clan, although they are not. Die, but it is equivalent to losing a life.

Sun Buyu and the others stood in the headquarters, watching the battle on the two lines in the south and back until the end. After watching for a long time, Sun Buyu sighed softly and said: "No one knows the magic circle. , it is indeed very troublesome to preside over the entire formation. If the phantom killing formation is fully activated, those octopuses and squids will not be able to attack our Blood Killing Sect disciples so easily. It seems that this is a lesson. .”

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "Yes, you really should be careful. Come and ask Elder Jiu Suan to come here. From now on, the magic circle here should be left to Elder Jiu Suan to preside over. Although we will see it this time It seems that we are very well prepared, but the real situation is not like this. We did not expect this to be the case in the Dragon World. We did not expect that there would be such strength here in the Dragon World, so our preparations , there are still many shortcomings, such as the elder Jiu Suan did not come, and there are still too few people in the army who understand the magic circle. These must be remembered, and we must not make such mistakes in the future."

Everyone also nodded, feeling that Chang Jun's words made sense. They should not make such mistakes again in the future. Just like Sun Buyu said, if their phantom killing formation is fully activated now, the Blood Killing Sect will His disciples would not fight so hard. Of course, the most important thing is that they still underestimated the dragon world. They did not expect that there would be so many types of enemies in the dragon world, and they did not expect that the enemies in the dragon world would be so cunning, so they They seemed a little passive. Now their base has been connected to the east and west, but until now, their base has still not been completely stabilized. This is a lesson.

Sun Buyu looked at the two fighting lines and let out a sigh of relief and said: "Anyway, we finally managed to withstand it. And from this battle, it can be seen that the fighting power of the alien clan is still very strong. They have played an important role on both lines of defense. Come and ask Jiuyun when they will be ready."

The staff officer responded and went down to deliver the order. Chang Jun also said at this time: "Fortunately, you decided right away that you must capture the east and west borders at all costs. If you failed to capture the If there are two borders, then now we are really surrounded by enemies on all sides.”

Sun Buyu nodded. At this time, the staff officer came to Sun Buyu's side, saluted several people and said, "Replying to Elder Sun, Elder Jiuyun said that after giving them four hours, all the magic formations can be laid. Done." After saying that, the staff officer stood there, waiting for Sun Buyu's instructions.

Sun Buyu frowned, then waved his hand and said: "Okay, you can go down." He was not urging Jiuyun. He knew very well that Jiuyun had tried his best, but compared to the old man Jiu Suan, he , there is still a lot of difference, so the speed at which he arranges the magic circle must be slower, which is understandable for Sun Buyu.

Chang Jun didn't say much about Sun Buyu's command. Although he was the commander-in-chief, what he said here was Sun Buyu. If he got here and took over the command right away, it would be a blow to Sun Buyu's prestige. A huge blow. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will still obey Sun Buyu's orders in the future, for Sun Buyu, that would be a very shameless thing, and Chang Jun would not do that.

Zhu Yong didn't interrupt. They could put forward some suggestions when talking to Sun Buyu, and they could order the transfer of the old man Jiu Suan, but Sun Buyu still had to give general orders. They were now in At the frontline headquarters, only Sun Buyu and the others can issue orders to direct the battle here, and they will not do it.

Sun Buyu turned to look at Chang Jun and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "After the fantasy killing array is built, I will immediately have some inner space rooms built. When the disciples arrive in the future, they can be allowed to go inside. Now that we have a rest, we can only focus on the phantom killing formation. After all, we need the phantom killing formation even more now."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Yes, now we need the phantom killing formation even more. Once the phantom killing formation is built, we can better defend the base. Without worries, we can attack. As long as the enemies in the north are also Once they are all eliminated, we can destroy the enemy step by step."