c7536 Fighting on two fronts

Now Chang Jun and the others have arranged for their disciples to enter the Dragon Realm, and there is no time to hold a battle meeting, so Sun Buyu, the frontline commander, has to arrange his own tactics. Fortunately, the boss of the formation and the others are also here, so Sun Buyu and the others Not very worried, he called Chen Chu, Jiang Shenglin, Tang Yingyi, Elder Zhen and Elder Jiusuan to a small conference room next to the headquarters. After everyone sat down in the small conference room, Sun Buyu said: "Everyone knows that we have been fighting almost all the time these days. The main reason is that I want to unify the northern interface as soon as possible and turn it into our base, so that we can protect ourselves. , can we deal with those guys from the Dragon Clan, but now I think everyone knows what kind of people our enemies are. None of those enemies are easy to deal with. I wonder what everyone thinks about this matter?"

This was not the first time that Sun Buyu participated in a combat meeting. He knew what it was like to host a combat meeting, so he followed suit and directly held such a combat meeting. Although the number of people was small, the people here , but they were all elites, so he directly asked everyone for their opinions.

Several people were silent for a while, and then the boss of the formation spoke: "We are not very clear about the enemy's situation yet. To be honest, there are too many races in the sea. In the past, they might not have been very conspicuous in our Blood Killing Sect's sea. A sea tribe may become very dangerous when they get here. Because of this, we must be careful. My suggestion is to focus on stability and advance steadily, so that no matter what changes the enemy has , we can all rely on the base to cope."

"Judging from the past few battles with the enemy, the enemy's strength cannot be underestimated. Their combat effectiveness is very strong, and each has its own unique skills. We must be careful when dealing with it, otherwise we will Another disadvantage is that although we have put all the main forces into the north, we must not relax the defense in the south. The Dragon Realm is no better than other interfaces. In other interfaces, we attack When they are in the north, they may not attack from the south, but here in Dragon Realm, I don't think they will let this opportunity go." Jiang Shenglin said.

Sun Buyu nodded. He felt that what Jiang Shenglin said was very reasonable. The defense in the south must not be relaxed. The south is a larger area than the back, which means that there will be more enemies there. The attack will also be more fierce. If they don't defend well, it may be really dangerous.

Tang Yingyi said in a deep voice: "What Mr. Zhen said is very reasonable. We must be stable and not be too anxious. We have just arrived in the Dragon Realm, and we have already encountered so many attacks, and we have encountered so many attacks." My race, if we can’t be careful, we might suffer.”

Chen Chu nodded and said: "Yes, the enemy this time is indeed very difficult to deal with. We do need to be very careful, but I think that after we kill the enemy, we must clean the battlefield. Then send the corpses of the enemies to the Spiritual Beast Hall and let them study them carefully. If they can really study something good, that would be great. Just like this time, the forelimbs of those mantis shrimps, To be honest, I really can’t figure it out. Why their forelimbs are so fast and powerful? This is very unreasonable. We must study it carefully. If we can know their Secret, that will be of great help to us."

Sun Buyu nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, if we can really research something, it will be of great help to us. Okay, let's do it. I will arrange the defense on the southern front now. Let the disciples on the northern line have a good rest, and then send those corpses back to the sect, not only to the Spiritual Beast Hall, but also to the Lingzhi Hall and the Shenji Hall, and preferably to the Logistics Hall. Send some, we don’t have to eat those things, but maybe those things will be useful to the logistics hall."

Naturally, a few people would not object, and then everyone went to work. The most important thing for Sun Buyu now is to arrange the defense on the southern front to prevent the enemy from suddenly attacking. Although he has always been concerned about the defense on the southern front. They all attach great importance to it and have never relaxed, but he believes that it is still necessary to emphasize it now.

Zhao Hai is now sitting in the sky above the Blood Killing Sect, far away from the Blood Killing Sect's base, but he has seen everything going on in the Blood Killing Sect's base. Even Sun Buyu and the others have discussed everything. Seeing it in his eyes, to be honest, he felt very happy, because Sun Buyu and the others did very well.

The reason why Zhao Hai didn't show up was firstly because Sun Buyu and the others did a very good job and there was no need for him to show up. The second reason was because he had been monitoring the Dragon Realm. He knew very well that the same was true in the Dragon Realm. There are experts. If the expert from the Dragon Realm suddenly attacks the Blood Killing Sect, Sun Buyu will not be able to stop them. He will have to step forward then, and now is not the time for him to step forward.

Zhao Hai is still very worried about the enemies here in the Dragon Realm. In the previous interfaces, at the end, a master will appear. This master's strength will not be weak. He believes that the same is true here in the Dragon Realm. There must be a master here in the world, and that master's strength must not be weak, so he must be careful.

To be honest, Zhao Hai is now very surprised by the combat effectiveness of these creatures in the Dragon World. The combat effectiveness of the creatures in the Dragon World is no worse than that of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and they are also divided into levels. , there are some strong and weak in the battle, but the average combat effectiveness is no worse than the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, which makes Zhao Hai a little worried.

After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been trained through these interfaces, their combat effectiveness has become very strong. Zhao Hai is confident that the current Blood Killing Sect disciples, even if they enter the Wanshan Realm immediately, should not be better than Wanshan. In the Mountain World, the disciples of any sect have poor combat effectiveness, but the combat effectiveness of the creatures here in the Dragon World is no worse than that of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This shows how powerful their combat effectiveness is. There is no way not to worry Zhao Hai.

You must know that the Dragon Realm is not the strongest race among the eight tribes of Tianlong. Above the Dragon Clan, there is a Celestial Race. If the Celestial Race can be ranked in front of the Dragon Clan, it means that their combat effectiveness will definitely be higher. Better than the Celestial Race, what chance will they have of winning against the Celestial Race in the future? This made Zhao Hai a little worried.

But no matter what, the Blood Killing Sect has come to this point, they must continue, they must take down the eight realms of Tianlong, and then unite the eight realms to see if they can make a real Pure Land, if they could create a true Pure Land, it would be of inexhaustible benefit to the Blood Killing Sect.

Of course, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't know this. When they are ordered to rest, they will naturally take a good rest. After so many battles, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have long learned that when they can rest, You must rest as much as possible, because you don't know when you will find the next battle, and you don't know how difficult the enemy will be in the next battle, so you must rest well.

What surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was that on the day they rested, nothing attacked them in the Dragon Realm. This made them very surprised. Not only them, but even Sun Buyu was very surprised. He thought that the creatures here in the Dragon Realm would not miss this opportunity and would definitely attack them. But what surprised them was that the other party did not move. It seemed that the other party had also rested. This made Sun Buyu and them How can we not be surprised.

But one day during the rest period, it was also very good. Early the next morning, Sun Buyu immediately ordered the troops on the northern front to start gathering and prepare to move forward. However, just as their troops had just finished gathering, before they could move towards As they were advancing, a piercing siren suddenly sounded.

Sun Buyu looked at the radar screen and found that a large number of white dots appeared in front of the southern defense line. When he saw this situation, Sun Buyu not only had no creatures, but also did not feel nervous. Instead, he breathed a sigh of relief. He had been worried. , when will the enemy attack their southern defense line? Now that the enemy is coming, he is no longer worried.

Sun Buyu turned to Jiang Shenglin and said: "Lao Jiang, look at the front border defense line. The southern front is left to you and Lao Tang to command. Nine are talented. Let's activate the big formation. When we advance to the north, we will set up the formation." The task will be left to Jiuyun." Several people all responded, and then immediately started moving.

Then Sun Buyu no longer cared about the situation ahead, and directly ordered the disciples in the north to start taking action and move forward. They must completely capture the area in the north as soon as possible and turn it into a The territory of the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise, their rear would never be stable.

Sun Buyu is not worried at all about fighting on two fronts. The number of Blood Killing Sect disciples who have entered the Dragon Realm now has reached about 10 billion. What does he have to worry about? Even if two fronts attack simultaneously, Their numbers are sufficient, not to mention the defense on the southern front and the attack on the northern front. Their manpower is even more sufficient.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect advanced all the way, but did not encounter any enemies. They kept walking like this for more than two hours. Sun Buyu was already a little vigilant. He did not believe that all the enemies in the north were eliminated by them, but They have not encountered an enemy now. If the day of rest yesterday is included, then it will have been nearly two days since they met the enemy. This is absolutely abnormal. The enemy will not be so kind. , giving them such a long time to move forward, so if the enemy does not appear now, there must be some conspiracy.

It is precisely because of this idea that Sun Buyu feels a huge headache. The enemies here in the Dragon Realm are too weird and there are too many types. If you are not careful, you may suffer a big loss.