c7533 army

These radar ships of the Blood Killer Sect are mainly used for reconnaissance. The radars on them are very large. In addition to being used for reconnaissance, this radar can also be used for sonic attacks. However, generally such sonic attacks are all A large-scale attack, and it does not distinguish between friend and foe, so under normal circumstances, disciples of the Blood Killing Sect rarely use this attack method.

In addition to sonic attacks, there are several sets of energy cannons on this radar ship. The number is not very large, there are only more than ten sets, and there are six sets of launch ports full of skyfire. In addition to these things, this radar ship has only There is no other means of defense, and because the hull is relatively large, the speed of the radar ship is not very fast. It is precisely because of this that the radar ship must not be placed at the front of the army, and it must be placed next to the radar ship. There are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect for protection.

If it is on land, the Blood Killer Sect may not really use radar ships for reconnaissance, because the Blood Killer Sect also has many plants that can be used for reconnaissance. These plants may be no less effective than radar ships, but the chance of being discovered is. But they are very few, and they are very easy to plant.

But now they are in the sea, and some of the plants on land that can help with radar reconnaissance are useless in the sea. They can only use this kind of radar ship, so they have such a formation. , advance forward bit by bit, focusing on stability and never giving the enemy any chance.

Behind the army, Elder Jiu Suan and Jiu Yun were leading the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to set up a magic circle. Because it was on the seabed, their spherical magic circle had to be buried at the bottom of the sea because the bottom of the sea was not flat, so The Blood Killing Sect's magic circle must also go through a certain amount of planning. In this regard, Jiuyun's experience is not as good as that of Elder Jiu Suan.

The army was slowly advancing, and the aliens were opening the way in front. Sun Buyu gave an order to the alien clan. All the creatures in the sea, the alien clan, must be eliminated, because the previous battles had already caused Sun Buyu to Bu Yu understood that the dragons could collect information through the creatures in the sea. If those marine creatures were left in the base of the Blood Killing Sect, then those sea creatures would directly tell those dragons the information about the Blood Killing Sect. , that would be too disadvantageous for the Blood Killing Sect, so Sun Buyu directly issued an extermination order.

For this kind of thing, the aliens like to do it the most. They like to do this kind of thing, to completely wipe out a race. For them, this is something that makes them very excited. Moreover, they can also improve their own strength by killing and devouring their enemies. How can they be unhappy?

The alien clan has been advancing forward, and wherever they passed, there was really no living thing, only some marine plants, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not let go of these marine plants. All the plants were collected and brought directly back to the sect after the war, because Hu Wei and the others needed these marine plants to study marine war plants.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all know how powerful Zhan Zhi is. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are really allowed to create a fortress of war plants, it will be very difficult for the enemy to attack the Blood Killing Sect disciples. However, They don't have many marine combat plants. Now that Hu Wei and the others want to study marine combat plants, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will naturally help. Not to mention, they can collect some marine plants in exchange for some contribution points.

However, they did not uproot all the marine plants, because there is not enough light in the ocean, and many plants in the ocean can emit light. It can even be said that everything in the ocean relies on these plants. The light they emitted allowed them to see clearly, so it was naturally impossible for them to uproot all the plants.

The army is advancing very slowly now. It can only advance more than a hundred miles in an hour. This speed is definitely a very slow speed for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Even if they are on land, It's walking, so I'm afraid it won't be much slower than this, but no one is in a hurry. They still move forward step by step and steadily.

After walking like this for about five hours, a sudden piercing siren reached the ears of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately stopped, the radar ship began to slowly retreat, and the alien clan also The formation was set up, but they did not retreat, but stood at the front.

At this time, Sun Buyu and the others also saw clearly what was happening on the radar screen. Countless white dots appeared on the radar screen. After Sun Buyu and the others looked at it carefully, they found that the enemy that appeared on the radar screen now was the one from before. An army led by an invisible octopus.

The enemies that came this time were not only the invisible octopus, but also many other enemies. Among them were some fish that were as long as stones, and some that were extremely ugly. The heads of these fish looked like It's like a human head with no hair but a long nose. The body is round and fat, which feels extremely weird. There is also a kind of fish whose body looks like a big plate. There is a long tail behind its back, and the tail is covered with barbs. You can tell at a glance that it is not easy to mess with.

In addition to these fish, there are actually a few big guys. These are really big guys. The length of these big guys is more than three hundred meters, their bodies are very huge, their heads are extremely big, and they have a big mouth. The guys look like the Kuns seen in the Garuda Realm. Fortunately, there are not many of these big guys.

But these guys were all following the invisible octopuses and rushing towards the Blood Killing Sect's army. As soon as the alien disciples saw these armies, they rushed forward without saying a word. The armies on both sides quickly They collided and started fighting immediately.

At this time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already protected the radar and retreated into the phantom killing formation of the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, they also gave orders to the alien disciples to retreat. The alien disciples were very obedient to the orders. They were fighting and retreating at the same time, without any intention of fighting those people to the death and never retreating.

When the two warring parties were ten miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's army, the enemy's army suddenly froze there, turning a blind eye to the alien disciples in front of them, either spinning around in a daze, or Looking around, or attacking directly to the side, these alien disciples immediately quit the battle, because the enemy had no way to attack them.

During this period of fighting, the alien disciples also suffered a lot of losses. They still underestimated the power of this army. The defense of those stone-like fish was really extremely powerful. They collided with each other. The speed is very fast, and the power is extremely huge. Being hit by them is like being hit by a sledgehammer. With the strong physique of the alien family, the hit will make you dizzy and even vomit blood. It can be seen that The awesomeness of this fish.

As for those ugly fish with round heads and round brains that look extremely weird, their fighting power is very powerful. They don't rely on collision, they rely on magic. They can use water magic at any time. All kinds of magic spells filled the sky with fire. Even with the strength of the alien clan, there was no way to get close to them.

As for those fish with long, plate-like tails, their tails are extremely flexible, and the barbs on them are actually plain. As long as they are hit by their long tails, it is like being hit by an iron barb. It's like being hit by a steel whip, and the areas hit by the team members will immediately turn blue-grey, and the poison is extremely strong.

As for those big guys, they not only look like Kun, their attack methods are also like Kun, but they are just like Kun. Their big mouths are like a huge black hole, and the sea water is heading straight towards him. When he poured it into his mouth, the extremely powerful suction force was really not something that ordinary things could resist. Several alien disciples were directly sucked into his mouth by him and disappeared immediately. However, those alien disciples later directly It crawled out of his mouth again. It can be seen that although this thing is very big, their attack method is really not enough for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

In addition to these things, there are also many blue-headed fish and some other fish. Their attack methods are very weird, but their fighting power is very powerful, and people dare not underestimate it. It is precisely because In this way, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very careful when facing these enemies.

But now these enemies are all confused by the illusory formation of the Blood Killing Sect. They look for the alien everywhere, but sometimes they can't find it at all. Sometimes they see an enemy and attack immediately, but they don't Knowing that the people they attacked were basically their group, but the alien disciples had retreated long ago.

The phantom killing array is showing its power. It is still just a phantom array. However, the old man Jiu Suan quickly activated the killing array. With the activation of the killing array, there are countless traps in this phantom killing array, allowing you to regard your own people as enemies. , they are all light. In this phantom killing array, there are many sword energy-like attacks. These attacks are active attacks, and they are silent when attacking. Sometimes even if the enemy is dead, there will be no sound. Know how he died.

In addition to the sword energy that actively attacks, there are also some trap-like attacks. These attacks are triggered. You will not be attacked unless you are next to these traps. You will only be attacked if you enter these traps. These traps will only attack you when you are in the trap, and the attacks of these traps are also diverse. Some are burning, some are freezing, and some will have a big sword appear from inside and attack you directly. , as well as earth thorns, and various attacks that are difficult to guard against.

For such an attack, the enemies were obviously unprepared and many were killed in a short time. Moreover, because they were in the phantom formation, they did not know that their companions had died, but they could smell it. There was some smell of blood, which let them know that something must have happened to their companions, but they had no choice, which made them even more irritable.