c7535 discuss

Chen Chu responded and immediately passed down the order. At this time, the mantis shrimps had already entered a distance of about a hundred miles in front of the Blood Killing Sect base. Chen Chu gave the order, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples immediately released the swimming fish. Jian, they want to teach those enemies a lesson before they reach the Blood Killing Sect's base.

Long swords, like swimming fish, rushed straight towards the mantis shrimps, but the mantis shrimps seemed not to see them, and kept moving forward. When those flying swords were about to hit those When the mantis shrimp was coming, I saw the forelimbs in front of the mantis shrimp flicked forward, and the two forelimbs were like two heavy hammers, hitting the flying sword.

The forelimbs were originally retracted, just like the forelimbs of a mantis. When they wanted to attack the enemy, their forelimbs popped out so fast that people couldn't even see clearly that the forelimbs had popped out. There, just when the forelimb hit the flying sword, the flying sword flew backwards, and at the same time, the sword body was completely deformed.

When they saw this situation, Chen Chu and the others couldn't help but take a breath. They never thought that the forelimbs of this mantis shrimp would have such great power. You must know that the flying swords they used were all The flying swords they incarnated outside of their bodies were all flying swords made of Foli metal. These flying swords were very powerful and of very good quality. However, they did not expect that the flying swords would be damaged by the mantis shrimp. After the forelimb was hit, it was bent directly. This shows how powerful the mantis shrimp's forelimb is.

Just when they were in a daze, the mantis shrimps were already moving forward, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also reacted. They immediately used flying swords to attack the mantis shrimps, but it was useless. In addition to the powerful forelimbs of shrimps, their carapace is also very powerful. Those fish swords cannot penetrate their carapace. This is something Chen Chu and the others never expected.

When Chen Chu saw this situation, he couldn't help being slightly startled, and then he immediately said: "Elder Jiu Suan, please activate the phantom killing array immediately. It seems that these mantis shrimps are really difficult to deal with. We We must use phantom formations to deal with them, and inform all disciples that a shock-cutting formation must be added to the flying swords."

The staff officer immediately responded, and then went directly to deliver the order, while Chen Chu looked at the radar screen and said solemnly: "I really didn't expect that the attack power of these mantis shrimps would be so strong. By the way, Lao Sun, Where did you hear about this thing? This thing is so powerful in combat, why haven't I heard of them before?"

Sun Buyu smiled bitterly and said: "Of course you haven't heard of them. In fact, it's not just you. Even the people of the Hai Clan don't know much about them, because there is no such thing in our Hai Clan of the Blood Killing Sect." The existence of mantis shrimps, they are just an animal in our blood-killing sea. They are not even monsters. They can only grow to the length of a palm at most. Do you think, such a big mantis? Shrimp, how much fighting power does that have? But after entering the dragon world, I have been studying the creatures in the sea. Whether it is the sea monsters in our Blood Killing Sect or ordinary creatures in the sea, I have studied them all, so When I saw these mantis shrimps, I could recognize them at a glance. These things were mantis shrimps, but they were just magnification signs of mantis shrimps. That’s why we gave a reminder. We really didn’t expect the combat power of these things. I was surprised that he was actually so strong.”

When Zhenchu ​​heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "So that's it. It seems that we still have a lot to learn. I really didn't expect that they are not the Sea Clan, but here, they have become It is a powerful fighting race, and it seems that we will have to learn more about marine life in the future."

Just as they were talking, the mantis shrimps had already entered ten miles outside the Blood Slaughter Sect base. However, after the mantis shrimps entered ten miles outside the base, they seemed to have fallen into confusion. They They began to run around, and the previously neat formation became scattered. When they met their companions, they immediately launched an attack. The two hammer-like forelimbs popped out suddenly, and they could Smash their companions to death.

To be honest, every time they saw the two hammer-like forelimbs attacking, Sun Buyu and the others felt nervous, because the speed of the two hammers was so fast and the attack power was so strong. To be honest, they have never seen such an attack before. It can even be said that if it is a single attack, such an attack is definitely one of the top three attacks they have ever encountered.

But now those mantis shrimps have entered the phantom formation of the Blood Killing Sect. Even if their attack power is strong, they cannot have much effect. It is very difficult for the disciples of the sect, which also has a lot to do with the characteristics of the mantis shrimp.

Mantis shrimps in the sea also belong to the kind of monsters that are not afraid of a thousand moves but only one familiar move. They have no other means of attack. All their attack means are on their two forelimbs. These two of theirs The attack power of the forelimbs is indeed too strong. None of the monsters known for their defense in the sea can block these two forelimbs.

It is precisely because of this that the mantis shrimp has almost no other means, and its defense against the phantom array is even worse. Therefore, after they entered the phantom array, they had almost no means of resistance. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect , naturally took the opportunity to start attacking those mantis shrimps.

Their attacks before were unable to defeat the mantis shrimp's attack, but after they added the concussive cutting array to the flying sword, the mantis shrimp could no longer block the attacks of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, let alone the attacks of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can also attack the mantis shrimp at close range.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attacked the mantis shrimps at close range, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect realized how terrifying the change in power was. Although they had been studying the change in power before, they all knew that the change in power was very terrifying. They are very powerful, but they really don't have much confidence in their opponents this time, because the previous Yuyu Sword's attack on those mantis shrimps was too poor, and they all know that the defense of these mantis shrimps is very powerful. , so they are really worried about how effective the change in power will be.

But when they actually used the change of force to attack those mantis shrimps, they discovered that the change of force was effective in dealing with those mantis shrimps, because in the change of force, there is a force called penetration. You can also do it Call him to fight cattle across the mountain. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect use Kezhongli to deal with those mantis shrimps, the bodies of those mantis shrimps will stiffen and then die directly. This makes the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel very accident.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect understood that this kind of penetrating power was extremely lethal to mantis shrimps. Although mantis shrimps have very strong attack power and strong defense power, in addition to their hard shells, their The body is very fragile. In this case, the mantis shrimp's defense against penetration is very poor.

Faced with this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were naturally not polite and directly used penetrating power to greet the mantis shrimps. The last mantis shrimps were naturally impossible to be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect. Only one was killed, and the balance of victory began to tilt in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, in the Blood Killing Sect, there are some disciples whose attack effect is not very good when facing these mantis shrimps. These disciples are the alien disciples. Although the alien disciples are now said to have good combat effectiveness, they face the mantis shrimps. They feel very strenuous when they encounter something with very strong defense and good attack power. Their attack cannot kill the mantis shrimp in one go, but the attack of the mantis shrimp can kill them in one go. This made those alien disciples feel very aggrieved, but they had no good solution.

A large part of the mantis shrimps that were killed in the end were all eaten by the alien disciples. After eating those mantis shrimps, the pair of large claws in front of many alien disciples also changed. One of their large claws also changed. The claw still looks like a big clamp, but the other big claw slowly turns into a hammer like the forelimb of a mantis shrimp, and its attack power is even stronger than that of the mantis shrimp.

This battle lasted for more than four hours, and a total of more than two million mantis shrimps died in the battle. These mantis shrimps were a bit like the monsters in other interfaces. They fought to the death, and there was not a single mantis shrimp. Those who escape will fight to the death with the mantis shrimp until they die.

After collecting all the corpses of these mantis shrimps, Sun Buyu directly asked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to rest and recuperate. Although there were not many enemies coming this time, the attack power of these mantis shrimps was really surprising. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had to avoid the attacks of these mantis shrimps. It was precisely because of this that it became even more difficult to kill them.

Sun Buyu gave the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect a day to rest. They will not be on the road during the day today. They will naturally rest at night. When they launch an attack on the enemy tomorrow, of course, they will also prepare a good defense. Here in the Dragon Realm The enemy will indeed not miss any opportunity to attack them.

Only now did Sun Buyu and the others realize the importance of radar. If there was no radar, the Blood Killing Sect would not have known how many times they had been attacked by the enemy. It is precisely because of the existence of radar that the Blood Killing Sect has been attacked until now. Zong still hasn't been attacked by anyone, which shows how important this radar is to the Blood Killing Sect.

Although there is a radar, defense arrangements still need to be made. They must do it. When an enemy attacks, they can resist as soon as possible to ensure that other disciples have time to complete the assembly. This is very important to the Blood Killing Sect. It's very important.

After arranging the defense of his disciples, Sun Buyu called Chen Chu and the others together. He was going to discuss with them how they should deal with the enemy next.