c7537 sea ​​anemone

Chen Chu was also standing next to Sun Buyu. His face was also very solemn. He also felt that it was very abnormal not to meet the enemy for such a long time. You must know that the enemies here in the Dragon Realm had previously attacked them, but Very frequently, under such circumstances, it seems very abnormal to not encounter an enemy for such a long time.

When Chen Chu was about to speak, something on the radar screen suddenly attracted his attention. Chen Chu swallowed back the words he was about to say and stared at what appeared on the screen. To his surprise, the radar didn't go off.

Naturally, Sun Buyu also saw that thing. He also felt strange why the radar didn't sound, but he immediately zoomed in on the thing. When Sun Buyu zoomed in on the thing, he was stunned because after zooming in The thing is really beautiful.

There is a field of flower-like things, but they are much more beautiful than flowers. They come in various colors and are all shiny. They are swaying gently with the fluctuation of the sea water, as if they were blown by the breeze. The sea of ​​flowers is so beautiful that people can’t bear to look away.

Chen Chu also looked at that place. He really didn't know what that thing was, but he knew that it must not be simple. Even if it was beautiful, it couldn't really be a flower, so Chen Chu carefully observed the thing. A sea of ​​flowers, just want to know what that sea of ​​flowers is.

"Sea anemone, such a big sea anemone is really unexpected." Sun Buyu said at this time, and as soon as he spoke, Chen Chu was stunned, and then Chen Chu looked at Sun Buyu with some confusion. , he was not surprised that Sun Buyu had seen these things, he was just curious about what this sea anemone was.

Sun Buyu also felt Chen Chu's gaze. He turned to look at Chen Chu, and then said in a deep voice: "That thing is anemone, a creature in the sea. They look very beautiful, but they are poisonous. , if ordinary things come close to him, they will be poisoned immediately, but some marine creatures can survive in sea anemones. There are so many marine creatures hiding in such a large sea anemone. It’s an ocean city right there.”

Chen Chu nodded, then stared at the sea anemone with his eyes and said: "Then what should we do? If there are really things hiding in that sea anemone, we must eliminate them, otherwise, That sea anemone is a huge hidden danger to us." Chen Chu knew very well that what was hidden in the sea anemone, even if he didn't attack them, he could just pass on the news about them to other enemies. It's enough for them, so those sea anemones must be eradicated.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Of course they must be eradicated. If they are left alone, they will be a disaster. He ordered the front army to ask the disciples of the alien clan to retreat. Everyone's advance slowed down. After approaching the sea anemone area for a hundred miles, they flew directly. The sword attacks those sea anemones, and I really want to see if those sea anemones can also block the flying swords of our Blood Killing Sect."

A staff officer immediately went to deliver the order. The Blood Killer Sect's advance slowed down once, but they still slowly approached the sea anemone area. The closer they got to the sea anemone area, Sun Buyu's His face became even uglier, because the sea anemone area was larger than he imagined. The area they saw now was over ten thousand miles in length. This made Sun Buyu not surprised.

Chen Chu's face was also very ugly. He said solemnly: "I really didn't expect that the area of ​​​​the sea anemone area would be as big as Yin Yin. How many things can be hidden in it? It seems that if you want to deal with them, you need to For a while." After finishing speaking, Chen Chu turned to his staff and said, "Go and see how Elder Jiang and the others are doing."

After Sun Buyu asked Jiang Shenglin to direct the war on the southern front, Jiang Shenglin and the others moved to another room. He was worried that the two groups would affect each other, so Chen Chu asked the staff to see the situation of Jiang Shenglin and the others. See what's going on there.

The staff officer responded, turned around and left. After a while, he returned to Chen Chu and said to Chen Chu: "Elder Jiang and the others have already fought with the enemy. This time, the one who comes to attack Elder Jiang and the others is also a joint army. , there are a lot of them, but because we are relying on the phantom formation to defend, nothing will happen. Although we are still defending now, the enemy can't do anything to us. I believe it won't take long for us to attack. Retreat the enemy."

Chen Chu nodded, then took a long breath and said: "It'll be fine if Lao Jiang and the others are fine. We can deal with the enemies in front with peace of mind and boldness. The army will soon be within a hundred miles of the sea anemone. Get ready." Let's fight." The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order.

Sun Buyu looked at the sea anemone area, sighed softly and said: "I really didn't expect that the people here in the Dragon Realm would be so difficult to deal with. That's all, no matter how difficult it is to deal with, we have to deal with it. They have been dealt with. It is useless to think so much. We should think about how to kill all those guys here in the Dragon Realm, and the casualties must be small. I feel that our Blood Killing Sect is doing well now. The development has reached a bottleneck and it is impossible to develop any more."

Chen Chu also nodded and said: "The time we have entered the Eight Tribes of Tianlong is still too short. Although the combat effectiveness of our Blood Killing Sect disciples has increased rapidly recently, there is one thing we must pay attention to, that is, we A large part of the reason why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have improved their combat effectiveness is because of our good equipment. Although the understanding of mind and the learning of changes in power have also improved the strength of our disciples a lot, our disciples' magic power is still It is not deep enough, and mana is the foundation of everything. The development of our magic weapons has reached a certain level, and it is not easy to improve. And the practice of mana requires a certain amount of accumulation, otherwise, It is impossible for the sect master to create a time acceleration area and let everyone practice there. Insufficient mana is the biggest bottleneck restricting the development of our Blood Killing Sect. Before our mana reaches a certain level, our Blood Killing Sect will Even if the disciple’s combat effectiveness is greatly improved, I’m afraid it’s unlikely.”

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Yes, before our magic power reaches a certain level, it is already very difficult to improve the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect, so we can't train as before. That is of no use anymore. Our current mission should be to destroy the enemy. As long as we destroy the enemy, then we can take over the Dragon Realm and then attack the next interface to attack these enemies. Once all the interfaces are taken down, we can unite the eight realms into one, and at that time, we can enter the Wanshan Realm."

"I can't wait any longer. I really want to see what's going on in the Wanshan Realm. What kind of abilities do the monks there have? They can actually block the Shadow Clan's attack and let the Shadow Clan suffer for so many years. , there is nothing we can do against the sects in Wanshan Realm, which is impossible in other interfaces." Chen Chu also nodded.

At this time, the Blood Killing Sect's army had already arrived a hundred miles outside the Haikui District. The Blood Killing Sect's disciples immediately stopped, and then they released their swimming fish swords directly towards Haikui. After attacking the area, the reason why the sea anemone area is difficult to deal with is because of the sea anemones there. As long as those sea anemones are eradicated, they can deal with the enemy.

Just when the fish sword flew to the sea anemone area and attacked those sea anemones, some small fish suddenly flew out from the sea anemone area. These small fish were not very big, and they all had different kinds of things on their bodies. There are all kinds of patterns, those patterns are very beautiful, some are red, some are white, some are black, some are like maps, some are like ghost faces, all kinds of patterns are very bright.

After seeing those small fish swimming out of the sea anemone, they immediately rushed towards the flying swords. Naturally, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not polite and directly commanded the flying swords to kill all those small fishes. Killed, but when Feijian approached those small fishes, those small fishes suddenly lit up with colorful lights. When the seven-colored lights hit Feijian, Feijian was suddenly fixed on it. He was in the air and couldn't move.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were very surprised. This was the first time they encountered this situation. They immediately increased their strength, trying to better control those flying swords, but the effect was not very good. Their mental strength After entering the flying sword, it was like a stone sinking into the sea. The flying sword still didn't react at all. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect not surprised.

Just when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were surprised, they suddenly discovered that the flying swords turned around on their own, and the sword tips were pointed at them. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect even more surprised. The flying swords were out of control. This is definitely the first time they have encountered this kind of thing, and this is the first time they have even heard of their flying sword being controlled by others.

Just before they could react, those flying swords rushed towards them at a speed faster than attacking sea anemones. It seemed that they were going to attack them. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect return immediately. After realizing it, they immediately wanted to control the flying swords, but it was useless and had no other choice. They had no choice but to move their hands and set up a hundred large shields in front of themselves to block the blow of the flying swords.

There was a crisp sound, and the flying swords directly pierced the big shield. Because the flying swords and the big shield were made of the same material, the attack of the flying sword also caused some damage to the big shield. , but no matter what, those flying swords were still blocked, which made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heave a sigh of relief.

At this moment, those flying swords turned around, drew a circle, and then attacked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really didn't expect that the flying swords could be so flexible. , this time Zhenti made them panic. Fortunately, they were all wearing armor. Because the flying swords drew a circle, the sword power was not as fast as before, so they could still block the flying swords. The attack of the sword, but the current appearance of the flying sword really made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel terrified.