c7538 strangeness

Any monk's flying sword is their best weapon. Every flying sword carries the monk's spiritual power. It can be said that the monk's spiritual power is the master control mechanism of a flying sword. It can be said that it is the brand of a flying sword, which is the most difficult part to change on a flying sword, because if the mental power is so easy to change, then when your flying sword is released, someone will immediately change the mental power and become Doesn’t it become a gift if something belongs to someone else? What else is called fighting?

It is precisely because of this that the flying sword has always been a magical weapon that monks like to use. It is light, fast and has great lethality. The flying sword has a long distance, is easy to control, and is not easy to be captured. You must know that monks are some of the most pragmatic people. If the flying sword did not have so many advantages, it would not be the mainstream weapon in the world of cultivation.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have fought countless times and used a lot of flying swords. Their flying swords have never been snatched away by others. Because of this, when their flying swords are now given to others, The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were so surprised when they took control and started to attack them.

Not only the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Sun Buyu and the others were also very surprised. Sun Buyu and the others stood in front of the radar screen, watching the situation on the battlefield. When those flying swords turned their heads and attacked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Sun Buyu and the others were shocked. Their eyes almost popped out of their sockets. They all looked at the screen blankly, unable to believe what they saw.

It took a while for Sun Buyu to come back to his senses. He said with a shocked look on his face: "This is impossible, what is going on? Why do those flying swords attack our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect? What on earth is going on? Son?" Sun Buyu really couldn't understand. This was the first time he had seen such a thing.

Chen Chu looked at the situation on the screen and found that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were awkwardly blocking those flying swords. He couldn't help but said in a deep voice: "We must find a way to make those flying swords useless, otherwise, our disciples It's very dangerous." Chen Chu knew very well that those flying swords were still a great threat to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because the materials used for those flying swords were the same as the materials used for the armors of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Similarly, if the flying sword really seizes the opportunity, the flying sword may hurt the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Sun Buyu came to his senses immediately. He looked at the situation on the screen and frowned. Then he said in a deep voice: "What do you think we should do now? Those flying swords are attacking our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. For In this situation, to be honest, I really don’t have any good solution.”

Chen Chu thought about it and found that he didn't seem to have a good solution. Both of them could not help but frown tightly. But at this time, Mr. Zhen, who had been standing aside silently, said: "Feijian's Control is nothing more than mental power. Now we Blood Killing Sect disciples are about a hundred miles away from the sea anemone area, and the flying sword is not under our control until those small fish appear. But no matter what, this It must be related to mental power. We can ask Elder Jiu Suan to activate the phantom killing array immediately, increase the energy of the phantom killing array, and let the energy generated in the phantom killing array interfere with the mental power in the flying sword. In this way, maybe It will work. As long as we can control those flying swords, we can find a way to slowly deal with that sea anemone."

Boss Zhen rarely speaks when Chen Chu and the others are commanding him. He is the chief of staff, but he usually puts his attention on formulating battle plans. If he is casually speaking when Chen Chu and the others are commanding, Opening his mouth might arouse Chen Chu and the others' resentment, so under normal circumstances, he would not speak.

But now that Sun Buyu and the others saw that there was nothing they could do, he spoke. He knew that Sun Buyu and the others were a little panicked because it was their first time encountering such a situation. They must not panic at this stage, so he had to give Sun Buyu and the others some advice so that Sun Buyu and the others knew what to do.

When Sun Buyu heard what Mr. Zhen said, he was stunned for a moment, then he immediately nodded and said: "That's right, let Elder Jiusuan take action right away. Quick." He shouted the last sentence to the staff officer beside him, The staff officer was stunned for a moment, then immediately responded, and then immediately went to deliver the order.

Following the command of the staff officer, Elder Jiu Suan also moved. He activated the phantom killing formation with all his strength. As the phantom killing formation operated at full strength, countless energies were generated and circulated in the phantom killing formation, and these energies It also greatly affected the mental power in the flying swords. The flying swords started to swing around as if they were drunk. Finally, the flying swords stopped directly in mid-air, motionless, as if It's like falling asleep.

When they saw this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were stunned for a moment, and then they immediately received the notice. They knew that those flying swords were affected by the phantom formation and became like this, so they immediately took action. Get up, they flew directly to the flying sword and caught the flying sword. They believed that as long as they caught the flying sword, they could snatch it back even if it was controlled by others. Control of the flying sword.

After they caught the flying sword, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately poured a large amount of their spiritual power into the flying sword, trying to drive away the other spiritual power in the flying sword and regain the flying sword. However, when a large amount of their mental power poured into the flying sword, they found that there was only their mental power in the flying sword and no other mental power. The flying sword was still under their control. Control, they tried to integrate the flying sword into their armor again, and found that it was easy to do this, which made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel very puzzled.

Then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately reported the matter. After Sun Buyu and the others heard about it, they also felt very puzzled. They frowned and thought for a while, and then Sun Buyu said: "That's all. , let’s leave the sea anemone area alone first. We must find a way to solve this matter. Let’s see how it goes. Gather everyone together and discuss it together. It’s best to call Elder Wen and the others over and let’s discuss it together. For a moment, they know more about magic circles and spiritual power than we do."

Chen Chu nodded and said: "Okay, let's do it like this." After saying that, he turned around and glanced at Mr. Zhen, who also nodded. He had no objection. He also felt that everyone must do this together. We need to discuss it. The impact of this matter is not small. It is definitely not a small matter for the magic weapon to be controlled by others.

When Sun Buyu saw that neither of them objected, he turned to the staff officer next to him and said, "Go and see how the war is going with Elder Jiang and the others. If the war there is over, let them come over." The staff officer responded. With a cry, he turned around and ran to another room.

After a while, the staff officer returned to Sun Buyu and said in a deep voice to Sun Buyu: "Report, Elder Sun, Elder Jiang and the others are not over yet. The war there is not over yet. Elder Jiang said that it will be over in about an hour." , Although they have the upper hand now, the enemy has no intention of retreating at all, so it will take some time."

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Send an order to the disciples on the northern front. Let the disciples on the northern front retreat to our Blood Killing Sect base for defense. Don't attack yet." The staff officer responded, Then he turned around to deliver the order. After the order was issued, the offensive on the northern front of the Blood Killing Sect came to a complete halt.

After another hour or so, Jiang Shenglin and Tang Yingyi walked out of another room, with a hint of joy on their faces. Judging from their looks, the battle went very smoothly. Sun Buyu looked at the two of them and couldn't help but smile slightly: "How do you feel?"

Jiang Shenglin smiled and said: "It's so comfortable. Didn't you see that we got those guys into the phantom killing array? Those guys seemed to be stupid. In the end, some guys saw the opportunity and ran away. Otherwise, , we promise to take care of all those guys, hahahaha." Tang Yingyi also nodded with excitement, looking very happy.

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said: "We have encountered difficulties here. I am going to ask Elder Chang to call everyone together to hold a combat meeting, and everyone will discuss what to do." Sun Buyu had no choice. This is the first time he has encountered this situation. He has no clue at all. Although they have now thought of a way to prevent those flying swords from attacking the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, this method can only be used Defensively, it is impossible to attack those small fish. Moreover, the enemy's method of turning the Blood Killing Sect's magical weapon into their own is really scary. If all the enemies here in the Dragon Realm have such abilities, then the battle between the Blood Killing Sect and the Blood Killing Sect will be terrible. There is no way to fight.

When Sun Buyu said this, Jiang Shenglin and Tang Yingyi couldn't help but change. Jiang Shenglin looked at Sun Buyu and said, "What? The situation is so serious? What is going on?" Because the two of them had been in another room before, They were commanding the battle on the southern front, so they didn't know much about what was happening on the northern front, so they asked this question.

Sun Buyu smiled bitterly, and then told the two of them about the situation they encountered. When the two heard what Sun Buyu said, their faces suddenly became very ugly. They knew very well what this situation meant. , the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now have a large part of their combat power, all of which comes from their magical weapons. Although the external incarnation can no longer be simply defined by magical weapons, there are still some ways to use the external avatars. Inside, if the enemy can really control the magic weapon, can they also control their external incarnation? If the enemy can really control their external incarnation, then for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it is really a big deal. It's too dangerous.

So after listening to Sun Buyu's words, Jiang Shenglin also said with a solemn face: "It is indeed necessary to hold a combat meeting. Elder Chang and the others must know about this matter, otherwise it may be dangerous. You should report it to Chang immediately. Write to the elder and tell him the matter carefully. The sooner this war meeting is held, the better, otherwise it may be very dangerous." Jiang Shenglin and Tang Yingyi also knew that this matter must be resolved immediately, and the later it is resolved, the more dangerous it will be. .