c7547 join in

Looking at the giant snake that jumped up, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. Maybe in the eyes of ordinary people, the attack of the giant snake was no different from the attack of the previous fist, but Zhao Hai could tell at a glance. In addition to the differences, the giant snake's attack is very special. This specialness does not mean that there is anything special about the technique, but that there are many differences in the use of power.

The previous fist attack was just one kind of force, that is, the force of forward motion, but this giant snake is different. This giant snake has a variety of forces on its body. These forces were combined by Jiu Linglao to form a It has a long snake body, so if you really just think of it as a simple giant snake, you would be wrong, because this giant snake has at least a dozen kinds of power.

Obviously, Elder Jiuling also discovered that if he just used ordinary power, there was no way to deal with Zhao Hai, so he used another method, which was to add changes in power to his spells. Obviously, It is not just the Blood Killing Sect who has studied the changes in force. Others have also studied the changes in force.

Looking at the giant snake that jumped up, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then he gently stretched out a finger and moved forward a little bit, just a little bit. When he pointed out with his finger, it happened to be The giant snake jumped in front of him, bit him, and touched the head of the giant snake with one finger.

There was no sound, everything was silent. The giant snake just disappeared without a sound. At this time, Zhao Hai also withdrew his hand and stood there with a smile on his face and looked at it in shock. The old Jiuling looked like he just flicked his fingers.

But Old Jiuling was looking at Zhao Hai as if he were looking at a monster. He never thought that Zhao Hai would kill the giant snake so easily. Others didn't know it, but he knew it. Knowing how powerful this giant snake is, its ever-changing power is its biggest trump card, but now it is of no use to Zhao Hai. This makes Old Jiuling not surprised.

Jiuling Lao looked at Zhao Hai. He did not continue to speak, but said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that your strength would be so strong. I think the appointment of ten moves can be avoided. As long as you can be with me If you don't move ten meters in the next two moves, then I will join the Blood Killing Sect."

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, let's give it a try. I really want to see how strong you are." Zhao Hai really wants to know , what is the strength of Jiuling Lao? If Jiuling Lao dares to say this now, it means that he must have some unique skills and use them. And this is what Zhao Hai wants to see. He really is I want to see what other tricks Old Jiuling has.

Jiuling Lao looked at Zhao Hai and snorted coldly. Then he stepped hard on the ground with one limb. His step seemed to be extremely forceful, causing the entire space to vibrate. At this moment , Boss Jiuling shouted: "Suppress!" Following his voice, the surrounding space fluctuated violently, and then the entire space seemed to become quiet all of a sudden. Everything became still and everything became quiet. .

Zhao Hai also felt as if he couldn't move at once, and his thinking seemed to be affected to a certain extent, but soon the feeling disappeared. This made Zhao Hai understand at once, what Jiuling Lao used This move is not a simple water-type technique. It also has a certain amount of earth-type techniques in it, and even a little space technique in it. This should be a move of Jiuling Lao.

However, Jiuling Lao's technique has a very low understanding of space, so his technique can only use the power of space to place people there, and cannot cause too much damage to people. If he wanted to kill someone, he would have to use it himself and use other methods to attack.

However, it is already a very remarkable thing that he can comprehend the power of space. Space and time are two basic laws, and they are also the two most difficult laws to comprehend. It is impossible for ordinary monks to comprehend them. The basic rules, but Old Jiuling understood it. From this point, it can be seen that his strength is indeed very good.

But it is absolutely impossible for such an attack to have any effect on Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai really wants to see how Jiuling Lao wants to deal with him after trapping him. He wants to kill him directly. Just use other techniques to move him ten meters and win. If Jiuling Lao wants to kill him, he will never be polite. Counterattack is necessary, but if Jiuling Lao just wants to move him , then he can spare his life.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about this, he felt that the space around him seemed to be moving gently, and he was also moving with the space around him. As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai immediately understood Elder Ling had made his plan. He couldn't help but smile. He swayed slightly casually, as if he was breaking free from some shackles. Then the space around him shook for a while, and then everything in the space returned to its original state. It looks like the water plants are still dancing and the fish are swimming, but it is completely different from the way everything was still before.

Jiuling Lao's face became more solemn. He looked at Zhao Hai and roared suddenly. Then he moved and rushed towards Zhao Hai. Although his body was very huge, and he was still very fast. The turtle tribe is known for being slow, but when he rushed towards Zhao Hai, his speed was not slow at all. His speed became very fast, and he rushed to Zhao Hai almost in the blink of an eye. His head had retracted into the shell, and the thick turtle shell hit Zhao Hai. Coupled with his huge body, the power of this collision could really be described as the color of the sky and the earth.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he saw Jiuling Lao's appearance. He already understood that this might be Jiu Ling Lao's last move. This move was to use the defensive power and his power as a weapon to directly hit him. The enemy, the force of his collision is definitely not small. If a person with less strength is really knocked away by him, of course, this refers to the case where the strength is also very strong. If someone is not strong enough, he may be hit and killed on the spot.

Zhao Hai looked at the old Jiuling who had collided with him. He stretched his right hand forward and pushed it onto the shell of the old man who had collided with Jiuling. He heard a bang, and where his hand intersected with the turtle shell, it seemed that There was a huge explosion, and Jiu Linglao's body suddenly stopped there, but Zhao Hai's figure did not move at all.

It took a while for Old Jiuling to slowly stick out his head. After he stuck his head out, he shook his head gently. It was obviously the previous bump that made him a little dizzy. It took him a while to wake up. Come over, then he looked up at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "You win, from today on, I will join the Blood Killing Sect, but I hope you can promise me not to let me take action when dealing with the Dragon Realm. "Following his voice, his figure was slowly shrinking. Finally, his entire figure was as small as the size of a normal person. He was even shorter than a normal person. He was only 1.5 meters tall. A little more than ten years old, he is very thin, with small arms and legs, a head with two long eyebrows, and wrinkles on his face. He looks like he is not young anymore, and his body It's also very strange. His body looks like a turtle, with a heavy turtle shell on his back. He has no clothes on his body, and the turtle shell is his clothes.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance, smiled slightly, clasped his fists at Jiuling Lao and said: "Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, welcomes Jiu Ling Lao to join the Blood Killing Sect. From today on, you are my Blood Killing Sect's sect leader." Core elder, as for what you said, you are not allowed to take action when dealing with the Dragon Realm. There is no problem at all. You don't even need to tell us about the things here in the Dragon Realm, and we won't ask any more questions. How about that? "

Jiuling Lao looked at Zhao Hai for a while and then nodded and said: "I really didn't expect that it was the sect master in person. The sect master's magic is so powerful that Jiuling admires it. From today on, Jiuling will be a member of the Blood Killing Sect. Just ask the sect leader." Elder Jiuling was really a little surprised. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be the sect leader of the Blood Killing Sect, and he was given the position of core elder immediately. Although he I don't know what the status of the core elders is in the Blood Killing Sect, but when I hear this name, I know that this position must have a high status in the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai looked at Old Jiuling's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Old Jiuling, you're welcome, please come with me, I want to introduce you to other people in the Blood Killing Sect." After saying this, Zhao Hai walked to Jiuling The old figure, and then the two figures, had disappeared from the spot, and the next moment they had appeared in the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect.

Not long after the two of them appeared in the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect, Chang Jun had already arrived. He saw Zhao Hai standing in the main hall, and Old Jiuling next to him. He couldn't help but be slightly startled, but he Still, he immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Chang Jun has met the sect master. I wonder what the sect master has called for?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Gather all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect here for a meeting, and call all of them, too. This is Elder Jiuling, and he will also be the core elder of our Blood Killing Sect in the future. Today I will introduce him to you. Let’s get to know each other.” Zhao Hai pointed at Old Jiuling as he spoke.

Chang Jun saluted to the old man Jiuling, and at the same time looked at the old man Jiuling. Chang Jun couldn't help but be a little surprised when he looked at him. Although the old man Jiuling didn't have any spiritual energy fluctuations, it was precisely because of this that Chang Jun was You will be surprised, because this means that Jiuling Lao is very powerful, and he can hide all his strength. This in itself shows his strength. Chang Jun can be sure that Jiu Ling Lao's strength, Definitely no worse than him.

At this time, Elder Jiuling was also looking at Chang Jun. He was also very surprised by Chang Jun's strength. Chang Jun did not hide his strength, so Elder Jiuling could clearly feel the extremely powerful spiritual energy fluctuations on Chang Jun's body. ,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.