c7542 magic circle

Sun Buyu looked at the flying swords on the screen that were bounced back by the sea anemones. He couldn't help but be stunned. Then he turned to look at Jiang Shenglin and the others and said, "Am I dazzled, or something? Those sea anemones actually knocked our The flying sword bounced back? Is that so?" He was a little confused as to why this happened.

Jiang Shenglin said solemnly: "You are not dazzled, and you are not wrong. Our flying swords were indeed bounced back. In other words, those sea anemones are so powerful that they can bounce our flying swords back." ." Jiang Shenglin was also very surprised. He didn't expect that those sea anemones that looked so weak could bounce their flying swords back. This was really abnormal, and it made him feel unreal. idea.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "In other words, the attack power of those sea anemones is actually very powerful. At least the power of their bullets is very huge. Otherwise, it is impossible to stop our Blood Killing Sect disciples. Let the disciples attack with the magic weapon several times. We have to see if those sea anemones are really that strong." The staff officer responded and immediately went to pass the order. They cannot be killed because of a single attack. If they block it, they just go back and think of a way. They must know whether those flying swords are really that powerful.

Following Sun Buyu's order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect commanded the flying swords to attack the sea anemones. But what was surprising was that the sea anemones actually blocked their attack. This was something they had never thought of. Originally, they thought that there was a time lag between when the sea anemones were closed and released. They could use this time difference to attack the sea anemones continuously. They would definitely be able to put them down. Those anemones were wiped out.

But they soon discovered that their idea was really too naive. Those sea anemones were indeed very powerful. All the sea anemones were divided into three groups. When one group was released, one group was collected and another group was prepared. , and then open alternately in this way, because once the sea anemone is released, it will become a very large one, which can protect the other two unopened sea anemones. In this way, there is almost no distance between them. He stopped and blocked the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attacked for several rounds, but without any effect. This surprised the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This situation naturally fell into the eyes of Sun Buyu and the others. As soon as Sun Buyu saw this After thinking about this situation, he said in a deep voice: "Ask the disciples to take back the flying sword, and then add the sharp magic circle to the flying sword, add the gravity magic circle, and attack a few times. I really want to see Look how powerful these anemones are."

The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. This order would be issued directly to the captains of the Blood Killing Sect army. The captain would give the order to the squadron leader. The squadron leader would give the order to the squad leader. The squad leader would then give the order. All disciples will be informed that this whole process will not take long, so the Blood Killing Sect disciples quickly received the order.

As the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect received the order, they immediately took back all the flying swords, then added the sharp magic circle and the gravity magic circle to the flying swords, and then released the flying swords at once. Those flying swords were Killing those sea anemones at once, the sea anemones were still the same as before, retracting and releasing, trying to block the attacks of the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

This time, when the flying swords of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect struck the sea anemones, the sea anemones trembled fiercely. The sea anemones that were hit were cut into two pieces, but then the second wave The sea anemones opened once, but the attacks from the Blood Killing Sect disciples also came one after another. The second wave of sea anemones was cut off at once, followed by the third wave. After all three waves of sea anemones were cut off, the sea anemones The sea anemone is basically useless.

However, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not ready to let go of the sea anemones. They saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately commanding the flying sword to clear away the remaining parts of the sea anemone. In the blink of an eye, a large sea anemone was completely destroyed. It was smashed to pieces, and then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect commanded the flying swords to attack forward.

When they saw this situation, Sun Buyu and the others also breathed a sigh of relief. Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Let me just say, how can these sea anemones block the flying sword attack of our Blood Killing Sect? If they can't be solved with one sword, That must be because our flying swords are used incorrectly. By the way, speaking of which, have you ever tried the two newly made magic circles at Shenji Hall? What are they used for?"

Chen Chu said in a deep voice: "I tried it. One of the two magic formations is a defensive magic formation, while the other is a detection magic formation. You also know that the flying swords in our hands are all spiritual. The reason why we did not defend the mental power on the flying sword before is because the mental power is in the core area of ​​the flying sword and is difficult to remove, so there is no need to defend at all. The other reason is that Because the mental power we put into Feijian is actually equivalent to Feijian’s eyes and ears.”

Sun Buyu and the others all nodded. Of course they knew what the flying sword was about. A monk could use the flying sword to take a person's first name from a hundred miles away, but no one's eyes could tell a hundred miles away. So how did the monk control the flying sword hundreds of miles away? The answer lies in the trace of spiritual power on the flying sword. The monks attach their spiritual power to the flying sword. As the flying sword flies forward, they can rely on the trace of spiritual power on the flying sword to sense their surroundings. situation, so that trace of mental power is equivalent to the eyes and ears of Feijian, and is the key to commanding the entire Feijian.

It is precisely for this reason that the mental power on the flying sword generally has no defensive measures, because once the mental power is defended, it is equivalent to blocking the eyes and ears of the flying sword, and the flying sword will There is no other way to use it. Can you expect a deaf and blind person to attack the enemy? That is obviously unrealistic.

Chen Chu then spoke: "One of the two magic circles created by Shenji Hall this time is a defensive magic circle, which can block all external mental power. However, because the defensive magic circle also has The energy fluctuates, and this energy fluctuation also affects the mental power attached to our flying sword, so they added a detection array. This detection array is equivalent to the eyes and the trace of mental power. ear."

Having said this, Chen Chu paused for a moment, and then said: "That kind of detection array actually has certain defensive capabilities. It is impossible for external mental power to penetrate that detection array, but the detection array can Feed back the situation around us to our mental power, so that our mental power is protected and we can see the situation around us clearly, wouldn't the problem be solved?" Chen Chu said it very easily, as if it was really just Just a very simple thing.

Sun Buyu smiled bitterly and said: "I'm afraid that only our Blood Killing Sect has the ability to come up with a solution in such a short period of time. Our previous accumulation is really too much." It is so powerful that no other force can match it. We, the people, are just enjoying the fruits of the past."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also nodded. What Sun Buyu said was not wrong at all. Without the accumulation of blood killing sect, they would not have been able to solve the problem of Feijian so easily. If the problem of Feijian was really If it were so easy to solve, I'm afraid someone would have solved it long ago. However, up to now, there is still no defensive magic circle against mental power on the mainstream magic weapon in the cultivation world, which itself shows the problem.

Sun Buyu glanced at a few people and said in a deep voice: "That's all, I don't want to think about this anymore. It seems that as long as we clean up slowly, we will be able to clean up all the sea anemones. Before the sea anemones are cleaned up, , we must not move forward, lest we leave such a dangerous area behind, which is of no benefit to us."

A few people all nodded. Sun Buyu looked at them and smiled slightly: "But it seems that it won't take us too long. We can also prepare for the next thing." Sun Bu Yu now has nothing to worry about in the sea anemone area. Judging from the current situation, there is nothing that can affect them in this sea anemone area, so they really have nothing to worry about. .

At this time, a harsh warning sounded, which made Sun Buyu and the others stunned. Then Sun Buyu and the others immediately focused their attention on the radar screen. After taking a look at the radar screen, Sun Buyu immediately said: "An enemy is coming again on the southern front. Lao Jiang and Lao Tang, it's up to you. Remember, on the southern front, defense is the priority."

Jiang Shenglin and Tang Yingyi responded immediately, and then they moved their bodies and went directly to another room. The war on the southern front was mainly about defense, so the two of them would have absolutely no problem dealing with it. After all, the phantom killing formation on the southern front had already been arranged, so there was nothing to worry about.

Sun Buyu glanced at the radar screen, and then enlarged the radar screen. Then he frowned slightly and said: "It's the coalition again. There are all kinds of marine races. It seems that the enemy we have to face is really... It's not that simple." The reason why Sun Buyu said this was because after the screen was enlarged, he had already seen clearly the ocean races that came to attack the southern front. It was really a hodgepodge, with all kinds of races, but this It also shows that the enemies on the southern front may be more difficult to deal with than those on the northern front. Because there are many races coming to attack, it also means that there are many enemies on the southern front and the enemy's troops are also very sufficient, so they can deal with them. Getting up will naturally be more difficult.

At this time, a staff officer suddenly said to Sun Buyu: "Elder, the war situation on the northern front has changed." His words were very short, but they surprised Sun Buyu. Sun Buyu immediately zoomed out the enlarged radar. Then he turned his attention to the northern line. After all, the northern line was what he needed to pay attention to now.

When Sun Buyu saw the situation on the northern line, he couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that the sea anemone area would now look like this...