c7548 Malone

Chang Jun did not forget Zhao Hai's instructions. After meeting with Jiuling Lao, he immediately summoned other Jixin elders to come to the main hall for a meeting. Of course, he did not need to go out to convene. Instead, he stood in the big gathering and went directly to the next one. Just a notification is enough, he believes everyone will come soon.

In fact, the energy fluctuations caused by the fight between Zhao Hai and Jiuling Lao in the northern waters had already been felt by the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Although they were far away, the people of the Blood Killing Sect still felt it. They also felt that there was something like Someone was fighting, and the person fighting was very strong. Just when they were about to send people to check the situation, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared and called everyone to a meeting. Naturally, everyone had to put down what they were doing. He came directly to have a meeting with Zhao Hai.

When the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect came to the main hall, they naturally saw Zhao Hai and Old Jiuling. But Old Jiuling almost went crazy because none of the elders from the Blood Killing Sect who came in Those who are weaker than him, some people have spiritual energy fluctuations that are even stronger than him, but the number of these masters here seems to be too many, right? There were more than a hundred people, so many masters, how could Elder Jiu Ling not be surprised.

After everyone arrived in the hall, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, "I think everyone has felt the energy fluctuations before, right? Don't be surprised. It was me who made it. It was me and Jiuling Lao." I’ll introduce you to Mr. Jiu Ling, the former Prime Minister of Dragon Sea Kingdom, who has now joined our Blood Killing Sect and is the core elder of our Blood Killing Sect.”

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they all turned their heads and looked at Old Jiuling carefully. Old Jiuling was also a person who was experienced in accidents, so he bowed slightly to everyone, although his appearance seemed to be... It was a bit funny, but for some reason, none of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect thought his appearance was funny. Everyone felt that he was a respected elder, so they all returned the favor, and no one dared to be rude.

Zhao Hai waved his hand towards Elder Jiuling and said: "Elder Jiuling, please feel free to find a place to sit. From now on, you will be the core elder of my Blood Killing Sect, and your status is the same as theirs. As for the core elder of my Blood Killing Sect, Someone will tell you what kind of treatment the elders receive after the meeting, so please sit down."

Elder Jiuling responded, and after saluting Zhao Hai, he found a place to sit down. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Although Elder Jiuling has joined our Blood Killing Sect, I I promised him that I won’t let him get involved in dealing with the Dragon Realm this time, so you don’t have to tell him how to deal with the Dragon Realm in the future, he won’t take action, do you understand?”

Everyone responded in unison. Although Zhao Hai's words surprised them, they also knew that Zhao Hai would definitely do what he said. If he said that he would not let Jiuling Lao interfere, then he would not let Jiu Linglao interfere. If Elder Ling intervenes, then they won't talk to Elder Jiuling about dealing with the Dragon Realm in the future.

Zhao Hai then glanced at the others and said, "I'm calling everyone here this time. The main thing is to introduce Mr. Jiuling to everyone. There is nothing else. You have done a good job before, so I won't say anything more." Now, I think you should also know the strength of Jiuling Lao. Chang Jun, arrange for people to let Jiuling Lao know the situation of our Blood Killing Sect as soon as possible. As for other things, I won’t care about it and let’s be dismissed. "After saying that, his figure moved and disappeared directly.

As soon as they saw Zhao Hai leaving, the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect were a little impatient. Zhao Hai was so resolute, his appearance was very sudden, and his departure was also very sudden. If it weren't for the Blood Killing Sect, These core elders already know Zhao Hai's style of doing things, and they may really not be used to Zhao Hai's way of doing things.

When everyone saw Zhao Hai leaving, they all stood up. Chang Jun walked up to Elder Jiuling, smiled at him and said: "Elder Jiuling, welcome to join the Blood Killing Sect. The situation of our Blood Killing Sect, You may not understand it well, but I will arrange for a disciple to explain it to you. If you need anything, you can also tell me directly. You are the core elder of our Blood Killing Sect, and you have such power."

Elder Jiuling saluted to Chang Jun and said, "Thank you, Elder Chang. Elder Chang, I would like to know, are all the core elders of our Blood Killing Sect here? How many disciples do our Blood Killing Sect have?" Elder Jiuling is now He was really shocked, because there were so many masters here. He really didn't know how many disciples there were in the Blood Killing Sect to have so many masters. That's why he asked Chang Jun like this. , because he really couldn't wait.

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Most of the core elders of our Blood Killing Sect are here, and some are not here. They are in retreat. As for how many disciples our Blood Killing Sect has, I really haven't paid close attention to this. I have made statistics, but what I can tell you is that the number of disciples of our Blood Killing Sect exceeds 60 billion."

"Sixty billion?" As soon as he heard this number, Jiuling Lao was immediately frightened. He couldn't help but repeat it. He never thought that the number of Blood Killing Sect disciples would be so large, sixty billion. Ah, that's 60 billion, what a terrifying number, how could he not be surprised.

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Yes, 60 billion. Of course, this number is not accurate, because there are many races in our Blood Killing Sect, and their number is actually impossible to count. You will know this later. , Elder Jiuling, you have to slowly understand the things about our Blood Killing Sect. By the way, I forgot to tell you. The location you are at now is the main base of our Blood Killing Sect, Xuanwu Space. Almost all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect live here. The disciples who don’t live here are either fighting in the Dragon Realm or stationed in other realms of the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms. If you don’t want to care about the affairs of the Dragon Realm, you You don’t need to go to the Dragon Realm. You can check out the other interfaces. After all, the Dragon Realm also belongs to the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms. If you don’t know what the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms are, you can slowly understand them. it does not matter."

Jiuling Lao nodded, and then he said to Chang Jun: "Then please ask Elder Chang to make arrangements for me. I am really curious about the Blood Killing Sect now." Jiuling Lao is now really curious about the Blood Killing Sect. He was extremely curious, and the strength shown by the Blood Killing Sect alone had already made him extremely surprised, so he wanted to know more about the Blood Killing Sect.

Chang Jun smiled and said to Jiuling Lao: "Don't worry, I will arrange it, and I am sure that when you understand the Blood Killing Sect, you will not regret it, and you will even be glad that you joined the Blood Killing Sect. ." Just as he was speaking, a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect walked up to Chang Jun.

Chang Jun nodded at Elder Jiuling, then turned to the disciple and said: "Ma Long, this is Elder Jiuling, a core elder who has newly joined our Blood Killing Sect. In the next period of time, you will be responsible for Elder Jiuling Gong would like to introduce the situation of our Blood Killing Sect. In addition to the time acceleration area, there are also some restricted areas for the sect leader and several wives. Other places must be open to Elder Jiuling. If Elder Jiuling has any requests, you can You can raise it directly to the sect, do you understand?"

Ma Long responded immediately, and then he saluted Elder Jiuling and said, "Disciple Ma Long, I have met Elder Jiuling. Elder Jiuling, please come with me. I will take you to your residence." After that, On one side of his body, he made an invitation gesture towards Old Jiuling, who was not polite either. He turned around and saluted Chang Jun. After Chang Jun returned the salute, he followed Ma Long out of the hall. Chang Jun looked at the back of Elder Jiuling and smiled slightly and said: "He is really strong and qualified to become a core elder." After saying that, he turned and left the hall. Now that Wen Wenhai is not here, he has many things to deal with. few.

On the other side, Old Jiuling followed Ma Long out of the main hall. When he arrived outside the main hall, Old Jiuling was stunned because Chang Jun had told him before that they were in the Xuanwu Space, the main base of the Blood Killing Sect. He thought that this would be a very huge, but also very crowded space. He might see countless disciples coming in and out, just like the bees in a hive.

But when he actually left the hall and saw the Xuanwu space outside, he was really stunned. At that moment, he had a question, was this really a space? An inner space? How can this be? How come there is such a large inner space? This is simply impossible.

Old Jiuling looked at the endless space outside the hall, then looked up at the sun in the sky and everything around him. He really didn't know what to say. He really didn't understand that in this world, How could there be such a place, how could there be such an inner space? Are Zhao Hai and Chang Jun lying to him?

As soon as he thought of this, he came back to his senses. He turned his head and glanced at Ma Long, who was standing next to him, often half a step slower than him, and said in a deep voice: "Ma Long, right? This is really the Xuanwu Space of our Blood Killing Sect. ? Is it the main base of our Blood Killing Sect?" He was really too curious, because he couldn't connect what he saw with the inner space.

Ma Long immediately said: "Yes, Elder Jiuling, this is the inner space of our Blood Killing Sect, the main base of our Blood Killing Sect, Xuanwu Space, and all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect live here. This inner space is It was refined by the sect master himself. If you want to go outside the space to have a look, you can do that. I can take you to see your room first, and then we can go outside and have a look." Ma Long was very honest. Answer whatever you ask.

Elder Jiuling immediately said in a deep voice: "Okay, then take me to my room first, and then we will go outside to have a look. I am really curious about our Xuanwu space. Regarding what Elder Chang said before The eight tribes of Tianlong are also very curious." He is really eager to know what kind of sect the Blood Killing Sect is now.

Ma Long responded, and then said to Elder Jiuling: "Elder Jiuling, please come with me." After saying that, he took Elder Jiuling and flew to the side. The core elders of the Blood Killing Sect usually live alone. On the top of the mountain, the area where everyone lives is very huge, and the facilities inside are also very complete. It can be said that every core elder's residence can be used as a command center.