c7543 Giant turtle

The area of ​​​​the sea anemone has completely changed its appearance. I don’t know when, the area of ​​​​the sea anemone has completely shrunk. Then the area of ​​​​the sea anemone began to slowly become taller. Finally, there was It turned into an extremely huge turtle. This turtle was so big that its back formed an oval shape. The highest point could reach about a thousand miles. Even in a narrow place, the distance was still seven or eight hundred miles. , such a big turtle is really amazing.

There are countless coral reefs on the back of this turtle, and those sea anemones grow on those coral reefs. I don’t know how long this turtle has been sleeping in the sea, but now he woke up, he stood up, and then After taking a look at the flying swords flying all over the sky, he moved and turned around. Then, under Sun Buyu's gaze, he ducked out of sight and disappeared.

For such a big turtle, it's hard to imagine that he could move so fast. This was really surprising. It wasn't until the turtle completely disappeared that Sun Buyu came back to his senses and turned his head to look. Chen Chu, who was standing aside with a shocked expression, then smiled bitterly and said: "I really didn't expect that there would be such a big guy in this sea."

Chen Chu couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Let the disciples stay where they are and rest for a while. It seems that it is not suitable to attack today." Chen Chu had no choice. A big turtle suddenly appeared. For the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the impact is still great, and now is indeed not a good time to attack.

Sun Buyu nodded, and then waved to the staff officer next to him. The staff officer immediately went to deliver the order, but Sun Buyu turned to Chen Chu and Mr. Zhen with a wry smile and said, "Such a big guy appears. It does have a certain impact on our plan. Don't forget, that big guy is here in the northern area. As long as we continue to push north, we will definitely encounter him. That guy's combat effectiveness is definitely not weak. .”

Mr. Zhen nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The fighting power of that big turtle must be very powerful, but judging from his appearance, it seems that he does not want to be our enemy, otherwise he would not leave. Maybe this Things may still turn around, but we still have to be ready to fight.”

Sun Buyu nodded, naturally he would not object, because he also felt that what Mr. Zhen said was very reasonable. At this time, a warning sounded. Sun Buyu immediately looked at the radar screen, but found that there seemed to be nothing special on the radar screen. However, he soon discovered that on the radar screen, There were a few white dots that seemed to be brighter than the other white dots, which made Sun Buyu stunned.

Then Sun Buyu immediately understood what was going on. The reason why those white dots appeared brighter was because the strength of those white dots was stronger. In other words, this time, the marine race attacking the southern front Among the coalition forces, masters appeared, and the alarm sounded not because of the new enemies, but because those powerful enemies had already entered the Blood Killing Sect's phantom killing formation, and It seems that he has not been affected by the phantom killing array.

When he thought of this, Sun Buyu immediately zoomed in on the screen. When he zoomed in on the screen, Sun Buyu immediately saw those few who had entered the Blood Killing Sect's phantom killing formation, and the marine race that had not been greatly affected was. What kind of race? Those guys are all members of the octopus clan.

The reason why they are said to be human is because they do look like humans now. Their head is a smooth round head with two eyes that are fierce and gleaming. Under their heads, there are eight tentacles. It looks like a very weird-looking beard, but their body looks like a human body, and it is also the body of a strong man.

Each of their eight tentacles holds a weapon. These weapons seem to be made of the bones of some powerful ocean beast, but these bones are flashing with a metallic light, except After the tentacles, the two men's hands also held two long bone knives, which made them look majestic.

As soon as he saw these octopus men, Sun Buyu immediately knew that these guys must be difficult to deal with. When they saw the big crabs before, the leading big crab could turn into a human form, and the big crab's The fighting power is very strong, and now these octopus men seem to be stronger than that big crab, so their fighting power will definitely not be weak.

Sun Buyu immediately said: "Let's go to Lao Jiang and the others to see if they need Elder Ding and the others to take action. I really didn't expect that there are so many masters in this ocean." As he spoke, He led Chen Chu and the leader to the command room where Jiang Shenglin and the others were.

When the three of them arrived at Jiang Shenglin's command room, they saw Jiang Shenglin looking at the radar screen in front of him solemnly, and then he said directly: "Have you tested their strength? Also, Why aren't they afraid of our phantom formation?" Obviously, Jiang Shenglin did not say this to Sun Buyu and the others.

A staff officer next to Jiang Shenglin immediately said: "We have tried it out. Those octopus men are not weak, but our squadron leader level masters should be able to handle it. As for them not being afraid of our phantom formation, maybe It's probably because they carry a magic circle that can break illusions, because our disciples said that they felt a trace of energy fluctuations from the magic circle that broke illusions, and Elder Jiu Suan also confirmed this."

"Magic circle? You mean those octopus people know how to refine weapons?" When Jiang Shenglin heard what the staff officer said, he couldn't help but asked, and Sun Buyu and the others who had just entered the room were also stunned. They really didn't expect that those sea creatures could actually refine weapons.

The staff officer said solemnly: "It should be like this. The interfaces here in Dragon Realm are all different from the several interfaces we encountered before. Many things in the interfaces we encountered before are not real. Even in In the Asura Realm, the plants in the Asura Realm are real, but those Asuras are not, but everything in the Dragon Realm is real, the plants here, the water here, the marine races here, they are all It’s true, and they can practice, so it’s not surprising that they can refine weapons. Don’t talk about them. We in the Blood Killing Sect all have water refining methods, so these marine creatures are completely It can be used to refine weapons.”

Jiang Shenglin nodded, and then he glanced at the octopus men. Of course, he also noticed Sun Buyu and the others, but he just nodded at Sun Buyu and the others, and then said: "Sending squadron leader-level experts must We must eliminate all these octopus men as soon as possible and repel the enemies. By the way, after destroying those octopus men, take back all the things they have on them and see what they used. Then we are not afraid. It’s from our Blood Killing Sect’s phantom killing formation.”

The staff officer immediately responded and was turning to leave, but Sun Buyu stopped him again and said: "Wait a minute, tell the squadron leaders that you must be careful. Those octopus men all have weapons on their tentacles, that is, He said that they can use a variety of weapons at the same time, and the water is still their home court. The most important thing is to prevent them from hiding their strength specifically to deal with us, so be careful." The staff officer responded, and then Turned around and left.

After the staff officer left, Jiang Shenglin said to Sun Buyu: "What? Such a big sea anemone was solved so quickly?" Jiang Shenglin knew very well that when those sea anemones had not been solved, Sun Buyu and the others were It was impossible to come to his command room.

Sun Buyu smiled bitterly and said: "Don't mention it, there was a huge sea turtle under the sea anemone. We just eradicated some sea anemones, and the sea turtle stood up directly, and then ran away. That guy really It’s too big, and we may face each other again in the future, which is really a headache.”

When Jiang Shenglin and Tang Yingyi heard what he said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then Jiang Shenglin immediately said: "That means that if we continue to push north, we will definitely encounter that turtle? Then sooner or later, don't we have to fight with it? Can he match up? How strong is the turtle?"

Sun Buyu shook his head and said: "I don't know, but judging from that guy's size, his fighting power should not be weak, but he doesn't seem to want to be our enemy. This is what I feel very puzzled about. We should discuss this matter slowly in the future. Let’s resolve the matter at hand first. Should we ask Elder Ding and others to take action?”

Tang Yingyi shook his head and said: "There is no need for this. Although those octopus men seem to be not weak, they are actually not that strong. Let the squadron leaders handle it. After all, we are also training troops. We cannot just let Elder Ding and the others take action when a master appears. In fact, Elder Ding and the others are very powerful and they no longer need actual combat. On the contrary, our middle-level experts are in great need of actual combat."

Sun Buyu nodded. He thought what Tang Yingyi said made sense, and then said: "That's fine, let's see if those squadron leader level experts can eliminate those octopus people. But I feel that these octopus men are not considered experts here in the dragon world, and they are probably here to test us."

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "Yes, I thought so too. That's why I didn't ask Elder Ding and others to take action. I didn't even ask the captain-level figures to take action. Instead, I asked the squadron leader-level people who were similar in strength to those octopus men to take action. , it is very important to prevent the enemy from testing our reality at once."

Sun Buyu smiled and said: "That's right, Lao Jiang, you have made such a decision in such a short period of time. It seems that you are really better than me in terms of command." Sun Buyu I have always believed that Jiang Shenglin and the others have very strong commanding abilities. The reason why their current status is not as good as Baiyan's is entirely because they went the wrong way before. Now that they are on the right team again, they will naturally show their strength very quickly. beyond their abilities.