c7540 Virus

Wen Yuming looked at everyone, and then said: "The magic circles on these little fishes have a certain psychedelic effect, but this is not what we should pay attention to, because this is just a means of defense they use. What I want to say is that if you want to use this kind of magic circle, you must have a certain amount of mental power, which means that these little fishes have mental power."

Wen Yuming paused for a moment before saying, "These little fishes have mental power, but their mental power may not be very strong. After all, they are so small, and they need sea anemones to protect them. From then on, It can be seen from this point that their mental power should not be very strong. Otherwise, they would not need to be protected by sea anemones at all. Instead, they would become the tyrants in the sea. But now these small fish have not become the tyrants in the sea. One tyrant, that only shows that their mental power is not very strong, but these little fishes with weak mental power can seize control of our flying swords, isn’t it strange?”

After asking this question, Wen Yuming glanced at everyone, and then said: "After talking about these small fish, let's take a look at the flying sword itself. Everyone saw that these flying swords were released at the beginning. Everything was normal at the time, but when they reached the edge of Xiaoyu, they turned a corner and attacked our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect again, and the speed was very fast. Isn't this strange? In such a short period of time, I can completely control a flying sword controlled by others. I think no one in our entire Blood Killing Sect, except the sect leader, can do it, right? Even Xiao Si Can’t do it?”

Sheng Si nodded. He really couldn't do it. It is very difficult to drive out the mental power that controls the magic weapon from a magic weapon. If the mental power you use is too strong, you will not be able to do it. Sheng Si knew very well that the magic weapon would be destroyed, so he fully agreed with Wen Yuming's words.

Wen Yuming then said: "There is another thing that you may not have noticed, that is, when our disciples collected these flying swords, did you notice? When our disciples collected the flying swords in front of them, they must have In order to input spiritual power into it and regain control of the flying sword, they went very smoothly in this step. It can even be said that it was too smooth. This is a very strange thing in itself."

"The reason why I say this is strange is because there were too many disciples releasing flying swords at that time, and when those flying swords were attacking the enemy, they were already somewhat scattered, but when those flying swords flew back to attack When we killed the disciples of the Blood Sect, we were very fast. If we were really controlled by other mental powers, then when those flying swords flew back, they would be messy. But that is not the case now. Those flying swords The mental power inside is still the mental power of those disciples, and the most important thing is that the flying swords attacking them are their own people, and there is no chaos, not a single one."

"You must know that everyone's mental power is different. Even if they are two disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they practice the same technique, but their mental power is also different. In other words, if A disciple takes another disciple's flying sword. When that disciple's mental power is still in the flying sword, the disciple holding the flying sword cannot use the flying sword. And those disciples who want to take back the flying sword, In the process of flying back to the flying sword, there was no obstacle at all. What does this mean? This means that the flying sword that attacked them was released by them. So when they caught the flying sword, they found that the flying sword was inside the flying sword. The mental power is theirs, so they easily took back the flying sword, isn’t this worth noting?”

Everyone understood what Wen Yuming meant. Wen Yuming made it very clear. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect released flying swords together. At that time, there were at least one hundred thousand people involved in the attack. One hundred thousand flying swords flew out together. , as long as they don’t collide with each other, it is considered a success. A little chaos is normal, but after the flying sword is controlled by those small fish, it should be even more chaotic when flying back. In other words, you The flying sword released may not necessarily fly back to attack you, it may also attack someone else, but this has not happened now. This is indeed very strange.

Wen Yuming glanced at everyone, and then said: "And as Buyu said before, when those flying swords were recovered, there was no other people's spiritual power in them, only our disciples' own spiritual power. In other words, those flying swords The Feijian flew back to attack our disciples, not because someone else took control of it, but Bu Yu, you are also worried about this matter, right?"

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said: "That's true. If someone robs our flying sword, it's really easy to say. We can just find a way. But the problem now is that the other party doesn't To seize control of the flying sword, the flying sword is still the flying sword. The spiritual power in the flying sword is also the spiritual power of our Blood Killing Sect disciples. This is very weird. It is precisely because of this that we don’t know what to do. What to do.

Wen Yuming nodded, and then said: "Yes, that's it. This is the key to the problem. Why does our flying sword attack ourselves, but there is no enemy's spiritual power in it? Moreover, with the strength of those small fish Mental power, trying to drive our mental power out of the flying sword is probably not an easy task, right? And even if they want to drive our mental power out, our disciples will definitely have Feeling, but none of these are there, it’s just that Feijian doesn’t listen to our commands and attacks us instead. This is the most critical part of the problem.”

"But if we think about it from another angle, maybe things will be completely different, and it will become another way. The other angle I mentioned, if the enemy did not use mental power to drive away the mental power of our disciples, Instead of going out, they used a different method. They used a special method to confuse our mental power. Does that mean the problem becomes different?" Wen Yuming looked at everyone with his eyes shining. road.

When everyone heard what Yu Ming said, they were all stunned. Then Chang Jun said with some uncertainty: "Lao Wen, you mean that those little fishes on the other side did not use their mental power to destroy our disciples. To drive the spiritual power out of the magic weapon, they just used a method similar to the magic array to confuse our spiritual power in the magic weapon and make our spiritual power in the magic weapon think that our disciples are their target. , so those flying swords will attack our disciples, and when our disciples take back the flying swords, they will find that there is no other people's spiritual power in the flying swords, only their own spiritual power?"

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "Yes, that's what it means. In fact, we all know that the mental power we put in the flying sword will obey our command, but those mental powers, relatively speaking, are still very weak." It is simple and relatively independent. It is precisely because of this characteristic that this kind of mental power can actually be regarded as a program in our optical brain, just like that kind of calculation program, and the mental power of those small fishes Virus is like a virus. It will not destroy the entire program because it knows very well that once it destroys the entire program, we will immediately find that it is even possible that they do not have the ability to destroy the entire program, but they can put their Mental power can be regarded as a virus that can affect our mental power in the magic weapon, causing the mental power in the magic weapon to produce a wrong judgment, so our magic weapon will not listen to us, because they accept What’s coming is all wrong information, that’s why it’s like this.”

"Do those little fishes have such an ability? If they really turn their mental power into something like a virus, they must have very strong control ability, right? Do those little fishes have such a strong mental power control ability?" Sun Buyu expressed his confusion. Although he felt that what Wen Yuming said made sense, he very much doubted whether those little fish had the ability to do this.

Wen Yuming said in a deep voice: "This may be one of their racial talents, so they should have such abilities, and don't forget what I said before, the patterns on those little fishes, the psychedelic magic Formation, maybe this is their racial magic, so it’s not surprising at all that they have such abilities.”

Everyone nodded, and then Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "If this is really the case, then how should we solve this problem? This problem should not be so easy to solve, right?" He was really worried about this. The thing is, if the other party is really so sophisticated in the manipulation of mental power, then there will indeed be a big problem in dealing with it.

Wen Yuming shook his head and said: "No, I don't think there will be any problems. The reason why we were so easy to get tricked before is because we didn't pay attention to this matter at all before, because the magic weapon contains The mental power is very difficult to drive away, so no one will want to snatch other people's magic weapons. Therefore, although our magic weapons have various abilities, they are not suitable for guarding against the opponent's mental power. , the performance is not very good. In addition, we also want to use the mental power in our magic weapon to feel the situation in the outside world, so the defense of the mental power in our magic weapon is actually not good at all. Well, almost none."

Speaking of this, he paused for a moment, and then said with a look of shame: "In fact, if it hadn't been for what happened today, our magic weapon would have to be guarded against the enemy. This is indeed a lesson, but if we want to resolve this matter, we should It’s not difficult, we just need to add a few magic weapons to the magic weapon.”

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Sun Buyu and the others were all relieved, and Chang Jun even said: "Lao Wen, how long will it take you to come up with a defensive array suitable for use on magic weapons? We are waiting. Let's use it." Chang Jun also felt that they should take over the northern part of Dragon Realm as soon as possible, that's why they are so famous.

Wen Yuming said solemnly: "Just give us a few hours and it should be fine. We just need to test a few magic formations. It will be fine soon." Wen Yuming is still very confident about this. , as long as a problem is discovered, it is not difficult for them to solve the problem.