c7544 Prime Minister Turtle?

While several people were talking, the battle outside was still continuing, but now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect outside had completely gained the upper hand. The squadron-level masters of the Blood Killing Sect were about to kill the octopus men. Take care of it. Although the strength of both of them is about the same, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have too many methods. Although those octopus men have eight tentacles and two arms, they are really against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , but they didn't get any advantage at all.

The top masters of these squadrons of the Blood Killing Sect are all very powerful. They are all the elites of the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, although those octopus men are not weak in strength, they are only as good as the squadron leaders of the Blood Killing Sect. If the masters were a draw, the higher-level disciples were simply not something those octopus men could deal with.

After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took care of the octopus men, the marine races that were attacking the Blood Killing Sect had already retreated. Obviously, the death of those octopus men had a certain impact on those marine races. The shock worked, so they retreated immediately.

After the ocean races retreated, Sun Buyu and the others summoned a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect who had fought those octopus men before, and asked them what they had found from those octopus men, and whether there was anything that could break the illusion. of magic circle. Sun Buyu and the others were stunned by what the Blood Killing Sect disciple took out. Apart from ten bone weapons, there was only one thing left, and that was a conch.

This is a very beautiful conch. The entire conch is white, only the tip is black. This conch is also very small, only the size of a palm. The most important thing is that this conch is actually alive. Sun Buyu and the others felt this when the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect took out the conch.

Sun Buyu and the others were not interested in those bone weapons, but they were very interested in the conch. Several people looked at the conch, and Sun Buyu turned around to kill the bloody one. The sect disciple said: "Besides those few bone weapons, this is the only thing? So, this thing can break illusions?"

The disciple said solemnly: "Elder Jiu Suan has seen it and said that this thing can indeed break illusions, but no one knows whether it has other abilities. Even Elder Jiu Suan doesn't know. He said it's best Send this conch to the Spiritual Beast Hall and the Divine Machine Hall for them to study it carefully."

Sun Buyu nodded, then gave the conch to the disciple and said, "Okay, then follow what Elder Jiuzuan said and send these conchs to the Spiritual Beast Hall and the Divine Machine Hall." The disciple responded. , took the conch, saluted several people, then turned and left.

After the disciple left, Sun Buyu glanced at the other people and said with a smile: "Let's go, let's go to the command hall. We encountered so many things today and we must discuss it with everyone." , especially the matter of the giant turtle, we need to discuss it carefully." Jiang Shenglin and the others all nodded, and then followed Sun Buyu, sitting in the teleportation array, back to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect.

What Sun Buyu and the others didn't know was that at this time, Zhao Hai had already taken action. He directly found the turtle. In fact, Zhao Hai had noticed the turtle a long time ago. From Sun Buyu and the others, he started to investigate the sea turtle. When the sea anemone area started, Zhao Hai had already noticed the turtle. Zhao Hai discovered that the turtle seemed to have used a secret method to put itself in a state of suspended animation. This state was deliberately caused by him, and The sea anemones and small fish on his back were all created by him on purpose. He had only one purpose in doing so, which was to use the psychedelic power of the sea anemone and those small fish to better hide himself. Get up without being discovered by others.

The reason why Zhao Hai was able to discover him was because when those little fish were controlling the flying swords of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they used all their mental power on the flying swords and had no time to release their psychedelic power to cover the giant turtle. , Zhao Hai was very sensitive to energy, so he felt the power of the giant turtle. After careful observation, he finally found the giant turtle, but he had no intention of doing anything to the giant turtle at that time, because he wanted to Let's see what the giant turtle wants to do.

Zhao Hai has actually been very curious about what the giant turtle wants to do, and why he pretends to be dead to cover his position. This is the Dragon World, and everything here should belong to the Dragon King. Everything , everyone should listen to the command of the Dragon King, and the giant turtle is very powerful. It is said that the Dragon King will not let the giant turtle go, but now the giant turtle is pretending to die here, and has made so many cover-ups, It seemed like he was hiding from someone.

This is the dragon world. Who else can that giant turtle hide from here? There is only one answer, and that is the controller of the Dragon Realm, the Dragon King. That giant turtle is hiding from the controller of the Dragon Realm, the Dragon King. Only for this reason will he be allowed to do this, so Zhao Hai has to deal with this giant turtle. More interested.

In fact, the giant turtle was not hostile to Sun Buyu and the others. He was hostile. However, the giant turtle also discovered Zhao Hai. He felt Zhao Hai's incomparable strength, so he did not dare to attack Sun Buyu. They have any hostility because he is afraid. He is afraid that if he attacks Sun Buyu and them, then Zhao Hai will attack him.

It is for this reason that the giant turtle chose to leave immediately after being awakened, because the giant turtle knew very well that without those small fish and the sea anemone was still destroyed, the aura on his body would It was impossible to hide it, and he couldn't take action against Sun Buyu and the others, so he simply left.

However, Zhao Hai was not ready to let him go just like that. After seeing the giant turtle leaving, he immediately chased after him. He wanted to see what else the giant turtle wanted to do, so Zhao Hai was always there. Tracking the giant turtle, the giant turtle kept walking north. In the process, he used some magic to move some sea anemones to his back, not even letting go of the small fish in the sea anemones. , as the sea anemones and small fish appeared on his back, the aura on his body slowly became weaker.

Just after Zhao Hai tracked the giant turtle for an hour, the sea anemone and small fish on the giant turtle's back had returned to what they were before the battle with the Blood Killer Sect. At this time, the giant turtle also stopped. , then he stretched his neck, turned his head and looked in the direction of Zhao Hai and said: "Who are you? Why have you been following me."

Zhao Hai knew that the giant turtle would definitely find him, so he did not hide his figure and appeared directly in front of the giant turtle. He looked at the giant turtle and smiled slightly: "I just I'm very curious, are you going to hide again? But that's of no use. After a while, my disciples from the Blood Killing Sect will still advance here, and then they will still destroy the sea on your body. Aoi, kill those little fish, so it’s useless.”

The giant turtle looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Blood Killing Sect? Where is that place? Why haven't I heard of it? Now, a new force has appeared here in Shenlong Sea Kingdom? But this doesn't make sense. Ah, even if a new force appears, it shouldn't destroy those sea anemones? Who are you?"

Zhao Hai looked at the giant turtle and smiled slightly: "Don't you think you should also tell me who you are? I've told you that I am a member of the Blood Killing Sect. Who are you? Yes. Can't you tell me too?" Zhao Hai was really curious about the identity of this giant turtle.

The giant turtle looked at Zhao Hai and said with a puzzled expression: "You don't know who I am? It's impossible. Who are you? How could anyone here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom not know who I am? Don't you think it's possible?" Not from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom?" The giant turtle looked a little excited, looking at Zhao Hai with shining eyes.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "I didn't say that I was from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. In fact, we, the Blood Killing Sect, are not people from this level of interface at all. We are here to conquer this level of interface. We are the Shenlong Enemies of the Sea Kingdom, but based on what you said, the people of the Shenlong Sea Kingdom seem to be very familiar with you, which makes me even more curious about who you are."

The giant turtle looked at Zhao Hai, and after a while he laughed and said: "Hahaha, you said you want to conquer the Shenlonghai Kingdom? Hahaha, this is the funniest joke I have ever heard. No one can conquer the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Kingdom, there is no one, His Majesty the Dragon King is an extremely powerful giant, how can you conquer the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom, hahahaha, it’s really funny.”

Zhao Hai looked at the giant turtle with a calm face. Even when the giant turtle laughed so loudly, he had no expression. He waited until the giant turtle calmed down and then Zhao Hai said: "There is nothing funny about this." Yes, in fact, this Shenlong Sea Kingdom is just one of the several interfaces we have conquered. I don’t think there is an interface that our Blood Killing Sect cannot conquer, but I heard what you said, you were also in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom before. He is a member of the country, and his status is probably not low, right?"

When the giant turtle heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned for a moment. Then he looked at Zhao Hai carefully, and then a thoughtful expression appeared on his face. After a while, he said: "Yes, I used to be My status as a member of the Shenlonghai Kingdom is not low. In fact, I am the second master of the Shenlonghai Kingdom and the chief prime minister under the Dragon King of the Shenlonghai Kingdom. My name is Jiulinglao, but now I am from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Wanted criminal." At the end of his sentence, a look of sadness appeared on his face.

Zhao Hai looked at the Nine Spirits Old Man and said in a deep voice: "You said you are the Prime Minister of Shenlonghai Kingdom? Then how did you end up in this situation? And you are also wanted by the Dragon King? How about it? Do you want to tell me, Don't worry, our Blood Killing Sect is already in front, dividing the Dragon World into two. Now the Dragon King can't control this place. After all, even if he wants to, he doesn't dare to. If he If you really dare to come here now, that's good. I'll take care of him directly. Then it will be easier to deal with him here in Dragon Realm. Maybe we can take down Dragon Realm directly without us attacking. How? So, do you want to have a good chat with me?"nt

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.