c7546 Ten moves

"Are you so sure that you can kill me? You must know that my strength is not weak. Even the Dragon King couldn't kill me back then. Otherwise, I wouldn't be alive today." Elder Jiuling was not because of this. Angry at Zhao Hai's words, he just looked at Zhao Hai calmly.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and smiled slightly: "Our confidence comes from our strength. To be more precise, it comes from my strength. Are you willing to listen to me say so much instead of saying it from the beginning?" Isn't the fight against us also because of my strength? Am I right?" Zhao Hai looked very calm, but on this calm surface, he was extremely confident, a feeling that he had everything under his control. The confidence in him surprised the old man Jiuling.

Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "To be honest, I still can't completely believe what you said, but what you said seems to make some sense, so I want to know, What was your purpose in saying those words, and why did you tell me those words? You didn't just want to chat with me, did you? "

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and smiled slightly: "When I said those words, I really didn't just want to chat with you. I wanted to ask you to join the Blood Killing Sect. You are now a wanted criminal in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. , you are here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, you can only hide and dare not show up. Why don't you join our Blood Killing Sect. You don't have to deal with the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, but I hope that when necessary, you can show up to help you. The creatures in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom told them the purpose of our Blood Killing Sect. We are not here to kill them. We have only one goal, and that is the Dragon King. To be more precise, our goal is not only the Dragon King, but also the Shadow Sect. But if the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is really combined with the Dragon King, then we can only kill the Dragon King. But if the people here in Shenlonghai Kingdom really want to protect the Dragon King wholeheartedly, then We also have to kill them, and frankly, I don't want to do it, but when necessary, I will not relent."

Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Why do you think I will agree to you? I have not agreed to join your Blood Killing Sect. Isn't it too early for you to tell me this now?" Jiuling Lao really thinks so. He still doesn't even fully believe Zhao Hai's words. Why should Zhao Hai tell him the purpose of letting him join the Blood Killing Sect?

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It's very simple. If you don't join our Blood Killing Sect, then you will only die. I said that we, the Blood Killing Sect, will never be soft on the enemy. If you don't agree, then It means that you don’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect. Here, if you don’t join the Blood Killing Sect, you are our enemy. Then I can only take action against you. In fact, I am giving you a chance to choose, or Join our Blood Killing Sect or die."

Jiuling Lao's expression changed, and he looked at Zhao Hai with cold eyes and said: "Okay, what a domineering blood-killing sect, what a sect that will only die if you don't join the blood-killing sect, you guys are really so domineering. , but I really want to see if you really have the power to dominate." After saying this, old man Jiuling's eyes flashed with blue light, and the next moment, the sea water around Zhao Hai's body suddenly It solidified and immediately trapped Zhao Hai inside.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and showed a slight smile. Then he swayed slightly, and the sea water around him immediately turned into ordinary sea water again. It had no effect at all. Zhao Hai Looking at Jiuling Lao's appearance, he said in a deep voice: "You can have fun if you want, but if you really don't want to join the Blood Killing Sect, then don't blame me for being rude."

Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai with a solemn face. The move he used before was his innate technique, and it was actually very powerful. However, Zhao Hai just shook his body slightly, and he had already used it. The spell was broken, and even the Dragon King didn't have such a capability, which surprised Old Jiu Ling.

In fact, Elder Jiuling had overestimated Zhao Hai's strength as much as possible, but when he actually faced Zhao Hai, he discovered that he did not overestimate Zhao Hai's strength at all. On the contrary, He also underestimated Zhao Hai's strength. Just the hand Zhao Hai showed before was enough to prove that Zhao Hai's strength was indeed extremely powerful, more powerful than he imagined.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance and said in a deep voice: "Let's make a bet. I will stand here and receive ten moves from you. No matter what method you use, you can attack me. Ten moves. , if you can make me move more than ten meters, then even if you win this bet, you can still live here. It doesn't matter whether you join the Blood Killing Sect or not. Our Blood Killing Sect disciples will not attack you in the future. You, but if you can't make me move ten meters with ten moves, then you will join the Blood Killing Sect, what do you think? Do you dare to take this bet? "

Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai's proposal made him very excited. Ten moves. Use ten moves to make the opponent move ten meters. In his opinion, there is absolutely no problem with this. As long as the opponent moves ten meters, there is absolutely no problem. However, then the opponent will not be able to deal with him, and then he will be temporarily safe. If ten moves cannot make the opponent move ten meters, then he and the opponent are not opponents on the same level at all. Then he joins the Blood Killing Sect. It's nothing extraordinary. Of course, in his opinion, this is impossible to happen. Old Jiuling is also very confident in his own strength.

Zhao Hai looked at Old Jiuling. He was waiting for Old Jiuling's reply. He believed that Old Jiuling would definitely agree to him, so he made such a proposal, because he knew that people like Old Jiuling Experts, and people who were in high positions before, generally have strong self-confidence, so he believed that Old Jiuling would definitely agree.

Jiuling Lao finally nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, if I can't make you move ten meters within ten moves, then I will join the Blood Killing Sect. If I really let you move ten meters, Then you have to let me go, and let you blood-killing sect people stop attacking me, but I want you to make an oath of inner demons."

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, I swear, if you can make me move ten meters within ten moves, then I will let you go, and at the same time, I will give the order to kill with blood." The disciples of the sect will not attack you. If you violate this oath, I will be poisoned by the inner demon and die, how about that?"

When Elder Jiu Ling saw that Zhao Hai had sworn such a vow without hesitation, he couldn't help but was slightly stunned, but he still nodded and said, "Okay, let's get started." Ling Lao didn't mention that he also wanted to take the oath of the inner demon, because he didn't want to take the oath of the inner demon. He also knew that it would be useless whether he took the oath of the inner demon or not. If he really couldn't let Zhao Hai do it at ten If he could move ten meters within a move, he would have to join the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise Zhao Hai would probably kill him directly, so it would be useless whether he swore or not.

Zhao Hai looked at him, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, let's get started." Although he said that, he didn't seem to make any preparations. He just stood there with a calm face, without wearing any armor. No weapons were drawn out, no stance was even taken, everything was so calm.

Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai, and then gave a deep drink. As he shouted, huge waves suddenly rose in the sea, and countless undercurrents rushed towards Zhao Hai. This was what Old Jiuling thought of The best way is to use the power of sea water to rush Zhao Hai ten meters away. This will not cause too much harm to Zhao Hai and can still win the bet.

Jiuling Lao knew very well that he was no match for Zhao Hai. If he really killed Zhao Hai, then Zhao Hai would definitely not stand there waiting to die. If Zhao Hai really fought back, then he would be in trouble. , so he didn't dare to go too far and could only use this relatively safe method to deal with Zhao Hai.

Jiuling Lao is a turtle, and water magic is his natural ability. It can be said that except for the Dragon King, he has never seen anyone stronger than him in the use of water magic, so he has this confidence. He believed that he could use water-based magic to make Zhao Hai move more than ten meters. He was sure of this.

But when the surging waves rushed in front of Zhao Hai, they seemed to have encountered a rock in the sea that had not changed for thousands of years. The waves actually slipped past Zhao Hai and seemed to have no impact on Zhao Hai. The impact made Old Jiuling's eyes widen. He did not expect that this move would be resolved so easily by Zhao Hai.

When the first move failed, Jiuling Lao immediately used the second move, and saw that the sea water turned into a huge fist and hit Zhao Hai directly. The fist was ten meters long. It was really It is very huge, and the punch is also very fierce. The most important thing is that when the punch is thrown, the sea water surges in the direction of the fist, as if it is pushing the fist towards It's like swinging forward, punching forward.

Zhao Hai looked at this menacing punch, but he didn't pay much attention to it. However, he really admired Jiu Ling Lao's control over water. Jiu Ling Lao's control over water was really very powerful. , this punch may be nothing to him, but to ordinary monks, this punch can be fatal.

With a bang, the punch hit Zhao Hai at once, but it did not have any impact on Zhao Hai. On the contrary, when the punch hit Zhao Hai, it was like the ocean current hitting the coast. It's the same as on the cliff next to it. The cliff is still a cliff and has not moved at all, but the waves have disappeared.

Jiuling Lao's face was a little solemn. Zhao Hai stood motionless and took the two consecutive moves. This made him look at Zhao Hai even more highly, but he did not give up. Then his third move The move came immediately, and this time Old Nine Spirits turned the sea water into a huge sea snake and rushed towards Zhao Hai.

This sea snake is a hundred meters long, the thickness of a bucket, and looks very flexible. Under the command of Elder Jiuling, this huge sea snake made of water looks like a real sea snake, with its mouth wide open. He bit Zhao Hai straight away,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.

: