c7549 puppet

The room arranged by the Blood Killing Sect for Mr. Jiuling is a separate hilltop. This hilltop is very special. You can say it is a cliff. Behind the cliff is the endless sea, and on this hilltop, there is a large Rooms, these rooms are like a large Chinese courtyard, with trees growing outside, and in this courtyard, there is a stream flowing through the courtyard, and the stream will eventually flow under the cliff, forming a small waterfall, and eventually the water will fall into the sea.

Originally, a place like this would be very noisy and very loud, but this courtyard was different. When Ma Long led Mr. Jiuling to stand outside the courtyard, he could still hear loud noises, but as soon as he entered When we got to the yard, the sound disappeared immediately, and the yard seemed very quiet.

There are also many plants in the yard. These plants are not very beautiful, but they have a simple beauty. The most important thing is that when Mr. Jiuling entered the yard, he clearly felt that the aura in the yard seemed to be... It is more intense, and the spiritual energy here is also more lively, as if the spiritual energy here is alive.

This feeling made him feel very comfortable, so he stood quietly in the yard and felt it. It was like a person who had lived in the city for a long time and suddenly came to the big forest one day. He would close his eyes and take a deep breath. Taking a breath of the air with the fragrance of trees, the whole person seems to be washed by a flow of air from the inside out, making people feel so comfortable all over the body.

Ma Long didn't make a sound, he just stood quietly beside Jiuling Lao. He was not Jiuling Lao's servant, he was just a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, but now he had taken over the sect's mission, so he He would come to explain everything in the sect to Elder Jiuling. In the Blood Killing Sect, many non-combat tasks would be given out on the first day, and he immediately took on such a task.

After a while, Old Jiuling took a deep breath, and then he slowly opened his eyes, glanced around, and said in a deep voice: "Good place, this is really a good place, and so are other places in the sect. Is it like this?" Elder Jiuling is really getting more and more curious about the Blood Killing Sect. In such a large inner space, there is such a yard in the inner space. How can he not be curious? Moreover, he can I have not forgotten that he is just one of the many core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. If he can get such a courtyard, then the other core elders should also be able to get it, so he asked like this.

Ma Long immediately nodded and said: "Yes, Elder Jiuling, in our Blood Killing Sect, almost all the courtyards where people live are like this. The reason why the spiritual energy here is so lively is because of the plants in the courtyard. We The spiritual plants in the Blood Killing Sect are very powerful. There are not only various war plants, but also spiritual plants with various functions, just like the spiritual plants here."

While talking, Ma Long pointed to the plants in the yard and said: "These plants can not only make the aura in the yard more lively, they can also provide lighting, which has many uses. In this yard, you also have two puppet servants. , whatever you have to do in the future, you can ask these puppet servants to do it, but you cannot damage those puppet servants, because all the puppet servants in our Blood Killing Sect may become our Blood Killing Sect's disciples."

Upon hearing what Ma Long said, Mr. Jiuling couldn't help but be stunned. Then he said, "You mean puppet servants? What kind of puppet servants?" As soon as he finished speaking, he saw two people walking towards them. Puppet, even if Mr. Jiuling didn't know much about puppets before, he could still tell at a glance that they were two puppets. The two puppets looked a bit like humans, but at a glance he knew they were made of metal. But what is surprising is that although these two puppets are made of metal, they make no sound at all when they move around, and their bodies seem to be one. If If it weren't for their metallic color and some slight slits on their bodies, you would never have thought that these were two metal puppets, because they were so exquisitely made.

The two puppet servants walked to the side of Jiuling Lao, bowed to Jiuling Lao, and then said at the same time: "I have met the master." Their voices were very calm, without any mechanical sound, just like It was a young man in his twenties who spoke normally and his voice was very pleasant.

Ma Long said to Elder Jiuling: "Elder Jiuling, these two are your puppet servants. They have just received the notice from the sect and know that you are their master, but they still lack the step to recognize the master. You can ask their Inject a trace of your spiritual power into the body, so that they will recognize their master, and no one else except you will be able to command them in the future."

Old Jiuling nodded, and then he injected two strands of spiritual power into the bodies of the two puppets. After his spiritual power entered the bodies of the puppets, Old Jiuling immediately felt that there was a gap between him and the two puppets. , there seemed to be a slight connection, and these two puppets knew what to do without him even opening his mouth.

Ma Long then said: "I'm sorry Elder Jiuling, I don't know much about the residence of the core elders, and I have never been here, so I have to ask the two of them to explain to you the situation in the room. "After saying that, he saluted Mr. Jiuling, and then took a step back.

Jiuling Lao was stunned for a moment, but then he nodded immediately and said: "Okay, I know, you two, please introduce this courtyard to me. By the way, what are your names? Do you have a name?" Jiuling Lao I am really curious about this kind of puppet. In fact, there are puppets here in the Dragon Realm, but the puppets here in the Dragon Realm are made from a kind of fish, a kind of fish called the puppet fish, and The puppets they made were also fish, but the fish seemed to be mummified corpses. They looked very disgusting, but not as pleasing to the eye as the two puppets.

The two puppets bowed to Elder Jiuling at the same time and said: "Master, please give me a name." Obviously, these two puppets did not have names, so they asked Elder Jiuling to give them names. This is also a process of recognizing the master. , Ma Long was already used to it, so he didn't look surprised.

In fact, puppet servants are a very special existence in the Blood Killing Sect. The bodies of these puppet servants are made of metal, but what controls their body movements is the light brain, and in this light brain, In fact, they still have some soul power, which is why they can evolve into disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but with only such a trace of soul power, it is not easy to truly evolve into a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Easy things.

It can be said that these puppet servants are like the previous alien clan. However, the previous alien clan could only fight and let them do things for others, which was impossible. However, these puppet servants are not very powerful in combat. , it can be said that they have no combat effectiveness. They can only help people do some things, which are two extremes from aliens.

Mr. Jiuling didn't know this yet, so he thought about it and said to the two robots: "Okay, let's call them sea anemone and clownfish. Please introduce to me the things in this yard." Jiuling Lao gave these two puppets two very special names, sea anemone and clownfish. They were two creatures that had helped him a lot in the past, so he gave them these two names.

The two puppets responded, and then introduced the courtyard to Mr. Jiuling. Following the introduction of the two puppets, Mr. Jiuling was completely stunned. Each of the rooms in the courtyard has its own style. There are bedrooms for resting, quiet rooms for meditating, training rooms for martial arts, and rooms for practicing spells. Everything is ready in each room, just waiting for him to move in.

To be honest, Mr. Jiuling really didn't expect that the rooms in this courtyard would be so complete, and each room was made of special materials. The most important ones were the conference room and the command room. He had never heard of some of the functions in these rooms before. When he saw a huge projection of the dragon world in the command room, he was really shocked. He finally understood it now. , with these things, how could the Blood Killing Sect not be able to use Shenlong Haiguo in the battle? There is no way to make up for the gap in equipment.

After getting to know the room, they came to the edge of the cliff behind the room. This time, without using the two puppets, Ma Long said: "Elder Jiuling, your room was specially arranged for you by the sect. You are from the Sea Clan, and you can directly enter the sea from here. Our Blood Killing Sect also has Sea Clan members. If you have time, you can go to the sea and have a look."

Upon hearing what Ma Long said, Old Jiuling couldn't help but be startled. He then said: "We have the Blood Killing Sect and the Sea Clan? I really want to take a closer look when I have time. I've also seen the yard now. We are It’s not like I can go outside and have a look, I really want to see what Xuanwu Space is like.”

Ma Long immediately smiled and said: "Okay, Elder Jiuling, please come to me. I will take you out. After seeing the situation outside, I will take you to collect all your equipment, so that you can It will be more convenient to travel in the future." Of course, what Ma Long was talking about was the external incarnation, but Mr. Jiuling didn't have these things yet.

Jiuling was so old that he didn't object, but nodded to Ma Long and said, "Okay, let's go." After saying that, he stood on Ma Long's body. The next moment, he felt a blur in front of his eyes. When he could see clearly, he realized that he was standing at the feet of a giant turtle.

Jiulinglao stared at the giant metal turtle blankly. The metal giant turtle just stood there, motionless. However, Jiulinglao felt a trace of life force from his body, but this giant turtle was obviously It was made of metal, and he swore that he had never thought that a turtle could grow so big. Although he was a member of the turtle family, and although his body was also very huge, compared with this giant turtle, his body was as big as He is the grandson of a little turtle, and this giant turtle is definitely Grandpa Turtle. It is so huge that he has no way to compare with it, so he was immediately shocked.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.