c7541 Accident

Sun Buyu and the others returned to the frontline headquarters. When they arrived at the headquarters, several people were somewhat silent. After a while, Sun Buyu finally spoke: "Do you think you have some confidence in what Elder Wen said? Is it true? Is that like that?" Although Sun Buyu felt that what Wen Yuming said was very reasonable, it was really hard to say whether things were really like that, and they were different from Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming only analyzed and then thought Come up with a solution. As for whether this solution is effective, it will not have a great impact on Wen Yunming.

But they are different. They are frontline commanders. In other words, whether this method is effective is directly related to him. If this method is not effective, then the frontline disciples may face the same situation as last time. , they must consider these and solve these.

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "I think it should be feasible. After all, Elder Wen summarized almost all the situations before he came to this conclusion, so I think what he said may be true." Jiang Shenglin said about Wen Yu Ming is still very confident. Wen Yuming can sit in the position of the leader of Shenji Hall for such a long time. That is not for nothing. It can be said that his ability is still very strong.

"We will make a plan. Even if what Lao Wen said is wrong, the same situation as last time will not happen again." Mr. Zhen suddenly said. He didn't feel that there was anything wrong with what he said last time. The situation last time was something no one could have imagined, but if they still don't think of a solution to this situation next time, then it's his fault, so Mr. Zhen and the others are already making plans. In the future, even if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect encounter such a situation, they will know what to do and the same thing as last time will not happen again.

When Sun Buyu heard what Elder Zhen said, he also let out a long sigh, and then said: "Okay, this is best. Elder Wen and the others still have a few hours to make a plan, so let's let the disciples work hard." Let's take a rest. By the way, Elder Jiu Suan, you should also pay attention. Controlling the magic circle also requires mental strength. If those small fish attack our magic circle, it will be very troublesome. You Be careful with that.”

Old Man Jiusuan was with Sun Buyu and the others because he wanted to command the phantom killing formation here in Dragon Realm. Now when he heard what Sun Buyu said, he immediately nodded and said: "Don't worry, I will be careful. "He is really not very worried. If those small fish can really enter their phantom killing formation, they may have already disappeared into the illusion before they can find their formation. , now he wants to get to know those little fishes even more, to see if those little fishes are really that powerful.

Sun Buyu didn't say anything. He turned to the staff on the side and said: "Tell the disciples to have a good rest. They won't be able to attack today. If they want to attack, it will be tomorrow. Let them have enough energy. As long as they find a solution We will definitely take revenge." For them, what happened this time is really a bit of a shame. They were attacked by the enemy with their own magic weapons. This is definitely a shame for the monks. So Sun Buyu was not wrong at all when he said revenge.

The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. Sun Buyu turned to Jiang Shenglin and the others and said, "Let's go take a rest too. Lao Tang, you'll just have to watch today. Pay attention to the front line. I think here in the north, It's not certain that any enemy will dare to attack us now, but that might be the case on the southern front." Tang Yingyi responded, and Sun Buyu and the others all went to rest. After all, commanding a battle is also very mentally draining.

Sun Buyu and the others had just gone to rest for about three hours when they were taken out by Tang Yingyi and the others. As soon as they came out, Tang Yingyi smiled at a few people and said: "The Shenji Hall has sent a solution. We just need to give it to them." In the magic circle, just add two magic circles, but the positions where these two magic circles are added are also particular, so you should also come and take a look."

After speaking, he gave the jade slip to Sun Buyu. After reading the contents in the jade slip, Sun Buyu was a little surprised and said: "Is it that simple? Although the positions of these two magic circles are a bit special, for our disciples It’s actually not that difficult. We have an optical brain, and we can use the optical brain to directly add the magic circle to the designated position without making any mistakes, but does this really work?”

"I think it should work. You also know that the people at Shenji Hall will never tell us if they are not sure. Even these two magic circles should have been tested by them many times. After that, we will send it to us after confirming that it is correct and valid. There should be no problem." Tang Yingyi said solemnly.

Sun Buyu also knows that the people at Shenji Hall have always been very careful in their actions. Any changes to the magic circle will be tested many times and will be launched only after confirming that there are no problems. Therefore, this magic circle should It's the same, but he still has some doubts about what Wen Yuming said, that's why he is like this.

After thinking about it, Sun Buyu finally nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then it's decided. Let's give this to the disciples. If they have time, they can also enter the real illusion to learn. , Has Shenji Hall already handed this thing over to the Real Illusion Realm? If so, arrange for the disciples to learn it immediately."

Tang Yingyi and others all responded. They also understood what Sun Buyu meant. Putting invented things into real illusions seemed to have become a habit for those in Shenji Hall, because putting these things Placing it in a real illusion will allow disciples to learn it in the shortest possible time, which is very effective in spreading things.

After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect learned about this, they immediately entered the real illusion to learn. Things like this that are promoted by the whole sect do not require any contribution from them. This is also a rare thing that they can get for free. There is an opportunity for good things, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have discovered that the things promoted by the whole sect are often very practical.

It was just two magic formations. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect quickly learned it. As Sun Buyu said before, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all have external incarnations, and all of their external incarnations have light brains. , and those optical brains can control the number and position of the magic circles in the magic weapon, so as long as they learn those two magic circles and know where the two magic circles should be placed, then they don't need to go too far. Don't worry, they just need to let Guang Nao know that in the future, their magic weapons must have these two magic circles, and the positions of these two magic circles must be there, that's enough.

It is precisely for this reason that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can attack the sea anemone area early the next morning. The sea anemone area seems to be very quiet and there is nothing. When they appeared, those small fishes had already disappeared into the sea anemone area, and they never showed up, so now it seems that the sea anemone area is still quiet and there is nothing.

Early the next morning, after everyone was ready, Sun Buyu gave an order, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were dispatched one after another. This time they came to a hundred miles outside the Haikui area, and then the Blood Killing Sect disciples The disciples released flying swords at the same time. The number of disciples releasing flying swords this time was still one hundred thousand. It was quite spectacular to have so many flying swords attacking together.

Because the flying sword used by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is still a swimming fish sword, it looks like a school of fish swimming towards the sea anemone area, and the flying sword is still about twenty miles away from the sea anemone area. At that time, the small fishes in the sea anemone area swam out of the sea anemone area. As soon as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect saw those small fish, they immediately became nervous and began to pay careful attention to the small fish. At the same time, he also carefully controlled his flying sword.

Those small fish just stopped outside the sea anemone area, looking at the flying swords that were getting closer and closer, as if they were waiting for those flying swords to stab them. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also looked at the flying swords carefully. I was really afraid that those flying swords would turn around and attack them.

But this time they were afraid that they would be disappointed. Those flying swords had no intention of attacking them. Those flying swords penetrated directly into the bodies of those small fishes, and those small fishes also looked very panicked. They seemed not to have any intention of attacking them. I thought that those flying swords would not be affected by them, but it was too late. Those flying swords penetrated directly into the bodies of the small fishes, killing those small fishes directly.

As soon as they saw that the flying swords had stabbed those small fish to death, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, including Sun Buyu and the others, breathed a sigh of relief. Then Sun Buyu immediately ordered: "Quickly, eradicate those sea anemones. We must Pay attention to the attacks inside the sea anemone." The staff officer responded and immediately passed on his order.

At this time, the flying swords of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already pierced those sea anemones. Those sea anemones seemed to have sensed the danger. Those sea anemones that were blooming like flowers all closed up in an instant. It was not like It was a man who was frightened and was shrinking back, looking carefully at the enemies outside.

But the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would not give them this chance. They saw the flying swords used by the Blood Killing Sect disciples flying straight towards the sea anemones. As long as they flew into the sea anemones, they would immediately start to strangle them. Those sea anemones, they really didn't believe that those sea anemones could block their flying swords.

But sometimes, things can be so bizarre. The more you think something is impossible, the more likely it is to happen. When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect thought that it was impossible for those sea anemones to block their attack, those sea anemones slapped the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the face with the truth.

After those flying swords entered the sea anemone bush, the sea anemones seemed to be awakened in an instant. They stretched out their bodies and faced the flying swords. It stung the bodies of those seemingly soft sea anemones. What happened next made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stunned, because under their gaze, their flying swords were directly hit by those The stretched sea anemone bounced back!