c7545 overbearing

Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "You said that your Blood Killing Sect came to conquer our Shenlonghai Kingdom. Although I am wanted by the Dragon King, I am a member of the Shenlonghai Kingdom. I am passionate about it. If you are subject to Shenlong Haiguo, then you are our enemy. In this case, do you think I will say anything to you?"

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and couldn't help but have a smile on his face, and then he said: "You are right, I came to conquer the Shenlonghai Kingdom, but in fact, I have no respect for everyone in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. , there is no hostility, there is only one real enemy for me, and that is what you call the Dragon King."

"To deal with the Dragon King is to deal with the Shenlonghai Kingdom, because the Shenlonghai Kingdom was born because of the Dragon King. It was the Dragon King who created the Shenlonghai Kingdom, and the Shenlonghai Kingdom belongs to the Dragon King. If you want to deal with the Dragon King, you have to deal with the Shenlonghai Country, this is the same, so there is no need to lie to me." Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai with a look of disdain on his face. If he hadn't felt the incomparable power of Zhao Hai, he would have pounced on him long ago. Fight with Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and smiled slightly: "Don't be so excited, please listen to me first, why I want to deal with the Dragon King, and then you decide whether I am your enemy. What do you think?" ?" Zhao Hai really wanted to have a good talk with Jiu Ling Lao about the Shadow Clan, because he found that this Jiu Ling Lao was a good breakthrough point.

Old Jiuling looked at Zhao Hai, with a hint of disdain in his eyes, but he still said: "Okay, tell me, I really want to hear what you said, if you just You are here to deal with Lord Dragon King, so even if I try my best to be found by Lord Dragon King, I will still tell Lord Dragon King about your affairs."

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance and said with a smile: "Before I say anything, let me guess, why are you wanted by the Dragon King?" Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance. He is now We almost already know why Jiuling Lao was wanted by the Dragon King, that’s why he said this.

Jiuling Lao looked at Zhao Hai and snorted coldly: "It's up to you, I'll just listen." He was afraid that Zhao Hai would get something out of him, so he didn't want to say anything more to Zhao Hai. Jiuling He held a high position before, and it can be said that he was in charge of the entire Shenlong Sea Kingdom for a lot of time, so he was very familiar with Zhao Hai's routines, and that's why he said this.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "I guess you used to hold a high position here in the Shenlong Kingdom. It can be said that you were below one person and above ten thousand people. You were the prime minister, so it wouldn't be possible for the entire Shenlong Kingdom before. Haiguo, you are in charge of it most of the time, right? The Dragon King may rarely show up, am I right?"

Jiuling Lao snorted coldly and did not speak. Instead, he closed his eyes. Looking at him, Zhao Hai smiled slightly and then said: "But I don't know when the Dragon King's temper started to change. With the changes, he became a little cruel. He no longer listened to your advice. He began to take over the management of Shenlonghai Kingdom, but he did not manage it well. The originally peaceful Shenlonghai Kingdom gradually became different from before. It’s the same. Many races were disobedient and were killed by the Dragon King. The Shenlonghai Kingdom is no longer the same as the Shenlonghai Kingdom you managed before. The Dragon King has become unfamiliar to you. You may even recognize it from I feel a trace of murderous aura or evil aura in the Dragon King's body? Am I right?"

Old Jiuling's head often moved, and his eyelids moved a few times, but he did not open his eyes or speak, but there was a huge wave in his heart, because everything Zhao Hai said was right. , not bad at all, completely correct, which made the old man Jiuling almost lose his mind.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "You have discovered that the Dragon King is slowly changing. Others may not know this change, but you know it because you are the Dragon King's confidant. So he was also afraid, and he began to prepare a retreat for himself. Finally one day, the Dragon King wanted to attack, but you used the retreat you had prepared in advance and ran away directly. You knew that you were no match for the Dragon King, so you took advantage of it. My own ability has allowed me to hide myself from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. The Dragon King has not found you, but you have become a wanted criminal in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Am I right?" Zhao Hai looked at Old Jiuling with a smile on his face. He was sure that he must have guessed correctly. He was so sure, so Zhao Hai was very sure that Old Jiuling would definitely respond to him.

Sure enough, just as Zhao Hai thought, after hearing Zhao Hai's words, Jiuling Lao finally opened his eyes. He looked at Zhao Hai with a trace of doubt on his face, but more of a look. Feeling frightened, he looked at Zhao Hai with some fear, and then he said: "How do you know? Are you really from the Shenlonghai Kingdom?"

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Listen to me, I am not from Shenlonghai Kingdom. The reason why I guessed this is related to what I am going to say next. Jiu Hai Elder Ling, do you still want to hear me talk about my experience?" Having said this, Zhao Hai looked at Elder Jiuling with a smile on his face.

Jiuling Lao looked at Zhao Hai and snorted coldly: "If you just use this method to whet my appetite and let me listen to what you say, then I admit that you have indeed succeeded. You really have to listen, you speak slowly, I listen, I really want to hear what flowers you can tell me."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, not caring at all about Jiuling Lao's appearance, but said in a deep voice: "I told you before that our Blood Killing Sect has conquered many interfaces. I'm not lying to you, but you can Saying that we are also forced, you may be surprised that the conquest interface is still forced, but in fact, we are indeed forced, because what we have to deal with is an extremely powerful enemy..." Then Zhao Hai told Elder Jiuling about the Shadow Clan, from how they dealt with the Shadow Clan in the lower realm, to how they ascended to the Black and White Battlefield, and finally discovered that this was the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon, and how they pursued them all the way. Kill the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and how the power of the Shadow Clan's laws takes over one interface after another.

Finally, Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "The reason why I guessed what you encountered before is because I know that the Dragon King has probably been affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. It may be that in the previous interfaces, the Shadow Clan The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan has been exhausted a bit, so now that the Shadow Clan's power of laws has no way to control the entire dragon world, the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has used its own methods to influence the Dragon King. It can even be said that It controls the Dragon King, so the Dragon King's character will change. This is what I guessed before, and the reason why I said that I don't want to deal with the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom, but only wants to deal with the Dragon King."

Jiuling Lao listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly until Zhao Hai finished telling everything. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "In other words, in your eyes, all the lives in our Shenlonghai Kingdom are , are all illusions? They don’t really exist? They’re just like the lives you encountered in the previous interfaces, right?”

"No!" Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "The situation here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom is different. All the lives here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom are real, including you, those small fish, those sea anemones, and those who attack us. , you are all completely real. Before, I didn’t quite understand why the Dragon Realm became like this, but what you said before reminded me that the reason why everyone in the Dragon Realm is real. , all lives are real, and may be related to the Dragon King here in the Dragon Realm. The Dragon King should be the great master who created the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon, and placed a treasure here in the Dragon Realm. This treasure should have something to do with dragons. In addition, this is a water world. In a world like this, it is easiest to produce life. The treasures placed here by the great power have slowly affected the environment here over time. , life naturally appeared here, and dragons are the rulers of the ocean, so this place slowly turned into an ocean-like environment, so you people are not fake, it is not an illusion, you are all real, They are real, living creatures."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Old Jiuling couldn't help but relax slightly. Zhao Hai looked at his appearance and then said: "But to be honest, we will not hold back just because of this. Although you are real, almost all the lives in the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom now obey the Dragon King. And the Dragon King is our target, so we will not spare them just because the life here is real. Before killing the Dragon King, all those who stand in front of us are our enemies."

When Old Jiuling heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change. He gave Zhao Hai a deep look, and then said in a deep voice: "The Blood Killing Sect is really overbearing. Don't you be afraid of what you have done?" If the killing is too serious, will it affect your cultivation? You are monks." Old Man Jiuling really felt that Zhao Hai's current statement was too overbearing.

Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of the old man Jiuling, smiled slightly and said: "Are you overbearing? Our Blood Killing Sect has the capital to be overbearing, and the killings you said were too serious are not a problem at all. You have forgotten that our sect The name of the sect? We are the Blood Slaughter Sect. We take this name as its name. Don’t you understand? How could we be afraid of killing too much? "

Jiuling Lao looked at Zhao Hai and then said: "Even if you are not afraid, is the power of the Shadow Clan's laws really as scary as you said? I can't even understand the power of the Shadow Clan's laws now." You don’t even know if force really exists, so why should I trust you?”

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance and said in a deep voice: "You don't have to believe me, but have you forgotten what I told you before? Our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will keep pushing northward. From now on, you We will still encounter them. We will never allow forces beyond our control to exist on our territory. You will still have to face us when the time comes, and at that time, you may only have a dead end. !”