c7557 sigh

It took a long time for Bafang to come back, and Jiuling Lao had already drank a few conch wine, but he didn't eat any vegetables, not even his favorite purple seaweed. When he saw Bafang coming, , Old Jiuling put down the wine conch and said to Bafang: "How is it? Have you made arrangements?"

Bafang nodded and said in a deep voice: "Sir, let's go. I'll go and see with you. If the Blood Killing Sect is really what you said, then I will join the Blood Killing Sect. Not just me, I will also join the Blood Killing Sect." It will allow the entire Blue Light Octopus clan to join the Blood Killing Sect, and even the entire Pearl City can join the Blood Killing Sect.”

Old Jiuling nodded, and then he sighed softly and said: "I let you join the Blood Killing Sect, entirely for your own good, and for the good of the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom. There is absolutely no way that the Shenlonghai Kingdom is a Bloodslaying Sect. My opponent, the Blood Killing Sect is too powerful. Even if we resist with all our strength, we will still die in the end. I just want to save some people from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom and prevent everyone from dying at the hands of the Blood Killing Sect. Inside." After saying that, he stood up and followed Bafang outside.

Soon, Bafang led Jiuling Lao out of the secret passage and left Pearl City. Because both of them were disguised, no one knew their identities and just regarded them as two ordinary seamen. It was just a tribe, which allowed the two of them to leave Pearl City very smoothly.

When they arrived outside Pearl City, they found a place without anyone. Jiuling Lao waved to Bafang and asked Bafang to come to him. When Bafang reached his side, he directly activated the teleportation array, and the next moment the two of them People had appeared in a large room, and many people in the room were looking at the two of them.

At this time, Old Jiuling had taken off his disguise, and he looked like the old man again, while Bafang still kept the appearance of an octopus, looking around in confusion, but when he saw the people in the room, he He became nervous at once, and then he realized that he had no way to fight the enemy while maintaining the appearance of an octopus, and it was not very convenient to move here, so a blue light flashed on his body, and the next moment he had turned into an octopus man , that creature with a head like an octopus and a body like an octopus.

Seeing the appearance of this octopus man, Sun Buyu couldn't help but said to Old Jiuling: "Elder Jiuling, who is this?" He could see that this octopus man was very hostile to them, but this person was the elder of Jiuling. The person who came over, he didn't quite understand what Jiuling Lao meant, so he asked.

Upon hearing what Sun Buyu said, Mr. Jiuling immediately spoke: "Elder Sun, this is Bafang, the city lord of Pearl City. He is also the leader of the Blue Light Octopus clan. Bafang, this is the frontline commander of the Blood Killing Sect. Sun Buyu , the people next to him are Elder Jiang Shenglin, Elder Tang Yingyi, Elder Chen Chu, and this one is Elder Jiusuan and Elder Zhen." Elder Jiuling immediately introduced both parties, but Bafang still looked nervous. He looked at Sun Buyu and them.

When Sun Buyu saw Bafang's appearance, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "My friend, please don't be so nervous. I have no ill intentions towards you. Elder Jiuling brought you here, so he treats you as one of his own. You Don't be so nervous. Even if you don't join our Blood Killing Sect in the future and still want to become our Blood Killing Sect's enemy, I won't blame you. From now on, we will compete on the battlefield. You are our guest today. We won’t be rude to you.”

The other people all nodded and smiled at him. Old Jiuling also saw that Bafang was a little nervous. He smiled and said: "Okay, Bafang, don't be nervous. Elder Sun, I will bring Bafang to us this time." The Blood Killing Sect just wants to show him around, of course, not here, but in the Xuanwu Space, do you think that’s okay?”

Sun Buyu thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Elder Jiuling, you also know that this kind of thing is not something I can say. I have to ask." After that, he said to Elder Jiuling. As if he was apologizing, he then directly connected to Chang Jun's array. The so-called connection to Chang Jun's array was actually just something he thought about, so he couldn't see any movement at all.

The array was quickly connected, and then Sun Buyu heard Chang Jun's voice: "Buyu, what's the matter?" Chang Jun's voice sounded very calm, and it was obvious that he might be serious. Sun Buyu was a little surprised because he didn't know what Elder Jiuling was planning. He thought this was something that Elder Jiuling had discussed with Chang Jun, but now it doesn't seem like it.

However, Sun Buyu still spoke: "Elder Chang, I have something to tell you. Elder Jiuling came with a friend. He said he wanted to take this friend to the Xuanwu Space to see it. Do you think it's okay? ?" Sun Buyu knew very well that Chang Jun's consent was required for this matter, but he really didn't have that much power.

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, then he thought about it, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let them do it." After saying that, there was no sound, and when Sun Buyu heard what he said, he felt relieved. Now, he knows that this matter has been done, and it is best for this Bafang to join the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise, the entire Blue Light Octopus clan may not have a single person left alive.

Sun Buyu responded, then turned to look at Elder Jiuling, and then said: "Elder Jiuling, Elder Chang has agreed. You can take this friend with you." What Sun Buyu said to Chang Jun, Jiulinglao and Bafang couldn't hear it because Sun Buyu used a soundproof magic circle. No one knew what the two said except him and Chang Jun.

When Old Jiuling heard what Sun Buyu said, he immediately agreed, and then he said to Bafang next to him: "Come on, Bafang, I will take you to see the real Blood Killing Sect." After talking about the identities of the two of them, Xing disappeared into the frontline headquarters. Looking at the direction in which the two disappeared, Sun Buyu sighed softly.

Jiang Shenglin looked at Sun Buyu with some confusion and said, "What's wrong, old Sun? Why are you sighing?" Jiang Shenglin really didn't quite understand what Sun Buyu meant. Now Jiuling Lao can bring those people from all directions to come to the blood. Shazong inspected the situation here. This already showed that Jiuling Lao's plan had made progress. Why did Sun Buyu still sigh?

Sun Buyu said solemnly: "I sighed because if this Bafang still says they don't want to join our Blood Killing Sect after seeing the situation in the Xuanwu Space, then I'm afraid no one from their Blue Light Octopus Clan will be able to survive. Even if they surrender in the future, the sect leader may not accept it."

Jiang Shenglin and the other three were stunned when they heard what Sun Buyu said. They had not known Zhao Hai long enough, and they did not know much about Zhao Hai. After they got to know Zhao Hai, they had never encountered such a situation. situation, so they actually didn't know how Zhao Hai would handle this matter. Now when they heard what Sun Buyu said, they were all a little surprised.

Sun Buyu looked at Jiang Shenglin, smiled bitterly and said: "Since you have known the sect master, the sect master has not paid much attention to the affairs of the sect. Moreover, the enemies we encountered in these interfaces, except for the black and white battlefield, Except for the Shadow Tribe people, the enemies on other interfaces are all real enemies. You can see at a glance that they are our enemies. They will not use any cunning plots, nor will they surrender. But in other places, we will encounter such enemies, even more cunning enemies than here in Shenlonghai Kingdom, we have also encountered them."

Having said this, Sun Buyu paused for a moment, and then said: "The sect master will not let go of an enemy, but if an enemy surrenders, then the sect master will regard him as one of his own, as long as he does not betray, that's fine, but if If a person knows the secret of the Blood Killing Sect and then refuses to surrender to the Blood Killing Sect, then the sect leader will not be polite. It is very likely that they will not even have a chance to surrender in the future, because the sect will not give They had too many chances.”

Jiang Shenglin and the others were all stunned by what Sun Buyu said. They had never seen that side of Zhao Hai, so they were dubious about Sun Buyu's words. In their opinion, Zhao Hai didn't seem to be the kind of person who could do that. But they never thought that Zhao Hai was actually that kind of person. The Zhao Hai in the past was even more vicious than what Sun Buyu said, but he had restrained his temper in recent years.

At this time, Mr. Jiuling had already brought Sun Buyu and the others to the Xuanwu Space. The place where the two appeared was Mr. Jiuling's yard. As soon as the two appeared in the yard, the sea anemone and the clownfish left immediately. He came out and saluted the two of them: "I've met the master."

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said to Bafang, who was standing aside in surprise: "These two are puppet servants assigned to me by the sect. I named them, one is called Haikui, and the other is called Clownfish. This is the room assigned to me by the sect because I am the core elder of the sect. Every core elder has a room like this. The reason why this room is built here is because it is near the sea and I can enter the sea at any time. Go take a dip.”

While talking, Mr. Jiuling led Bafang to visit his yard, and then came to the edge of the cliff, pointing to the sea water under the cliff, and then led Bafang out of his yard, in the Xuanwu space. Looking around, Bafang rarely spoke during the whole process, but the look of shock in his eyes became more and more intense.

Then Jiuling Lao took Bafang out of the Xuanwu Space and went outside the Xuanwu Space. He asked him to take a look at the appearance of the Xuanwu Space, and then asked him to take a look at the Garuda Realm. Finally, he pointed at the space passage and told Bafang Said, that is the bottomless pit here in Shenlong Sea Kingdom.

After he finished everything, Jiuling Lao led Bafang to his yard, sat down in the living room, and asked Haikui to bring tea. Jiuling Lao took a sip of tea and then turned his head. He said to Bafang: "Bafang, you have also seen the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. This time they are here to conquer the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom. To be honest, I didn't actually think about helping the Blood Killing Sect deal with it at the beginning. Shenlong Hai Kingdom, when I joined the Blood Killing Sect, I told them that I would not participate in the war between them and the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. But after I learned about the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, I decided to I’m going to convince you, because I think it’s better for you.”