c7558 spotted clam

"You are all my most loyal subordinates. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be alive today. I didn't want to proclaim myself king before because I knew very well that if I proclaimed myself king, then the Shenlonghai Kingdom would immediately We will fall into war, and countless people will die in the battle. I don’t want this, so I don’t agree with your idea of ​​letting me stand on my own. This time when the Blood Killing Sect moved forward, it happened to reach the place where I was hiding. place, they woke me up, and then the leader of the Blood Killing Sect personally took action. He asked me to attack ten times, but he didn’t fight back. If I won, he would let me go. If I lost, I would join the Blood Killing Sect. , but I only made five moves, so I gave up. I was no match for the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. His strength was much stronger than the Dragon King, so I followed the promise and joined the Blood Killing Sect. Zong."

"When I first joined the Blood Killing Sect, I just didn't want to get involved in the affairs of Shenlonghai Kingdom, because I felt that if I got involved, it would be like having the blood of people from Shenlonghai Kingdom on my hands. , I didn’t want to do that, but after I saw the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, I changed my mind. I wanted the people of the Shenlonghai Kingdom to survive longer, and I didn’t want anything to happen to them, so I did this.”

"And I also learned one thing from the Blood Killing Sect. The reason why they found this place and attacked the Shenlonghai Kingdom was not because they wanted to attack the Shenlonghai Kingdom, but because they were chasing a law. The power of law is the power of law of the Shadow Clan. This power of law is completely opposite to our current training system. With this power of law, there is no way for us to survive. Our Shenlong Hai In this country, none of the ordinary people are controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. There is only one person who is controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws." At this point, Old Jiuling stopped speaking. He looked quietly in all directions. He I believe Bafang will know who he is talking about.

Bafang was listening to Old Jiuling's words when he found that he suddenly stopped. He couldn't help but look at Old Jiuling with some confusion. Then when he thought about what Old Jiuling had said before, he couldn't help but be startled, and then his face changed. He Looking at Jiuling Lao Dao: "Sir, you mean to say that Mr. Dragon King is a person controlled by the power of that law? Is that why he would do such a thing?"

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "This is what the sect master told me. I believe that the sect master will not lie to me about this matter. You have also seen the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. We saw it at the frontline headquarters before. Those people, their strength is not much worse than mine. There are two people who may be stronger than me. But what I want to tell you is that those few people are just a few of the many masters of the Blood Killing Sect. All the masters in our Shenlonghai Kingdom combined are probably less than one-tenth of their masters, not to mention that there is another sect leader, Zhao Hai, who is much more powerful than us. How can we fight such a battle? ? There is simply no way to fight such a battle."

Having said this, Old Jiuling sighed and said: "The Blood Killing Sect has more than 60 billion disciples. The most important thing is that you may have never even seen their magical weapons. Have you seen this thing? This It is the magical weapon of the Blood Killing Sect, but we prefer to call him the external incarnation. Do you know his ability? That is, he can turn into any magical weapon." After speaking, Old Jiuling demonstrated the external incarnation to Bafang. Useful.

Bafang looked at the thin metal piece, which grew larger in an instant, and finally turned into a full-body armor, as well as the weapon in Old Jiu Ling's hand. Finally, it shrank again, and became a metal piece, which was attached to Gu Jiu. Above Ling Lao's head, his eyes were straight. He never thought that such a thing could exist in this world.

Old Jiuling looked at Bafang, then sighed softly and said: "Now you understand why I don't want you to fight the Blood Killing Sect? There are such magical weapons, so many disciples, and so many The masters, in this case, how can we fight them? There is no way to fight them, so I said that I want you to surrender."

Bafang's face showed an extremely solemn expression. Finally, he slowly closed his eyes and began to think about the Blood Killing Sect, one by one. Finally, he couldn't help but let out a sigh, opened his eyes, and looked at Jiu Ling Lao Dao: "Sir, to be honest, I was really shocked today. I didn't expect that there would be such a powerful force in this world, but you also need to know, sir, that this matter is of great importance. I can't decide alone, I have to discuss it with other people before I can decide whether to surrender or not. Please forgive me, sir."

Having said this, Bafang saluted Mr. Jiuling, and then continued: "If you want to make yourself king, my lord, I will agree immediately without saying a word, but this matter is not just about relationships. Your Excellency, it also affects the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom and the Blood Killing Sect, so I can’t make a decision. Please forgive me, Your Excellency.”

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I know, I understand you, but I hope you will hurry up, and I am not afraid to tell you that the reason why I came to you in the first place is because the Blood Killing Sect's No. One target is you, because they want to take over all the northern area of ​​Shenlong Sea Kingdom first, and then use this as a base to march towards the southern area of ​​Shenlong Sea Kingdom and capture the entire Shenlong Sea Kingdom in one fell swoop, so they don’t It will give you too much time. Although I can buy you some time, it won’t be too long. Bafang, I hope you can understand that sometimes, time really waits for no one.”

Bafang nodded. Old Jiuling looked at him and sighed softly. Then he said in a deep voice, "Let's go. I'll take you out. I won't go back to Pearl City. You can go back to Pearl City by yourself. I Just wait for you outside the city. That's it. I'll try my best to buy you three to five days. If you don't surrender, then you don't have to come out to see me. I will give up my plan and I won't do it again. Let’s take care of Shenlong Haiguo’s affairs.” After saying that, he stood up and walked out.

Bafang quickly stood up and followed him outside. The two of them arrived in the yard outside, and then their figures disappeared into the yard. The next moment, the two of them had appeared at the frontline headquarters. As soon as they arrived at the frontline Here at the headquarters, they found that the frontline headquarters seemed very busy. However, although the entire headquarters seemed very busy, it was not very noisy. Everyone was sitting quietly doing what they were doing.

When Sun Buyu arrived, he noticed the arrival of the two people. He smiled at them and said, "I'm sorry, we were suddenly attacked by the Shenlonghai Kingdom's army on the southern front just now. We are now at war with each other. This time they came. The enemy is quite special, it is a large group of shellfish, but the attacks of these shellfish are quite special, they can actually absorb the power of our magic circle, and their reproduction speed is too fast, which is a headache."

"Striped shell?" As soon as he heard Sun Buyu say this, Jiuling Lao and Bafang said the same name at the same time. This made Sun Buyu slightly stunned, and then he saw that Jiuling Lao and Bafang's His expressions were not very good, which made Sun Buyu feel a sudden shock in his heart. He immediately said: "What? Do you two know about this kind of shellfish?" Their conversation also attracted the attention of Jiang Shenglin and others, and everyone's All eyes were looking at Old Jiuling and Bafang.

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The striped shellfish used to be just a very small shellfish, very inconspicuous. Apart from its strong ability to reproduce, this shellfish has no other abilities. But later on, I don’t know when, these shellfish had the ability to absorb the energy of other life forms and then reproduce in large quantities. This allowed this kind of shellfish to quickly become a member of the Shenlong Sea Clan. Damn it, it was the Dragon King himself who wiped out this kind of shellfish. Why does it appear again now? This is impossible."

When Sun Buyu and the others heard what Jiuling Lao said, they all looked at each other, and then they all saw a look of understanding in each other's eyes. Then Sun Buyu said: "This is very simple, someone must have stayed." They caught some of these shellfish, or they simply didn’t destroy them, but hid them and now they are being released.”

Upon hearing what Sun Buyu said, Jiuling Lao and Bafang were both stunned. Then they looked at each other, and both saw a glimmer of disbelief in each other's eyes, but deep in their eyes, there was a hint of disbelief. With a clear understanding and a trace of fear, you must know that when the Dragon King dealt with those striped shells, his character had not changed. If these striped shells were really left by the Dragon King, then his intentions were really Very sinister.

When Sun Buyu saw the two of them, he just smiled slightly, and then said: "Okay, you two, don't think about it anymore. It's useless to think about it now. Come and have a look." After saying this, he held up his hands As soon as he moved, a projection suddenly appeared in his hand. Then the projection kept amplifying in his hand, and finally became very huge, so that everyone in the room could see the projection.

The other people in the room, including Jiuling Lao and Bafang, were immediately frightened by the projection, because they found that there were countless small figures moving on the projection, as if they were killing. Same as fighting. However, Mr. Jiuling was more mature than Bafang after all. He had also seen this kind of projection, so he understood it immediately. When he looked carefully, he found that the way of fighting was between the Blood Killing Sect and the Spotted Shell.

It is really strange to say that when the number of striped shells is small, their attack power is really very limited, but when the number of these striped shells reaches a certain level, they will become continuous. Together, they form various shapes, and then move forward step by step like monsters. They will open their mouths and eat everything in front of them bite by bite. This is very scary. .

And now those striped shells have formed a large scale. Countless small striped shells have formed monsters one by one. These monsters are connected together like waves, constantly moving forward, and they will stick to anything. Then desperately absorb the energy of that thing, and then reproduce and absorb it in the shortest time. This is definitely a very terrifying process.