c7556 sour and bitter

The passage was very long, but the speed of the two of them was not slow. After a while, the two of them saw the light at the end of the passage. They quickly swam to the end of the passage. When they came out of the passage, they found that this was also a room. When people came out of the room, they realized that it was just an inconspicuous room. Then the octopus took Old Jiuling and swam forward. Along the way, he encountered many blue-light octopuses. Those blue-light octopuses all swam toward the leader. He saluted the blue-light octopus of Elder Jiu Ling, and at the same time said respectfully: "I have met the clan leader."

It turns out that the blue-light octopus leading Jiuling Lao is the leader of the blue-light octopus clan, and one of Jiuling Lao's former subordinates and disciples, Bafang. His name is Bafang, and he is the strongest among the blue-light octopus clan. Bafang has a bad temper and is very impatient, but he is very loyal. At that time, he most wanted Jiuling Lao to stand on his own. He is the king. Although Jiuling Lao disagreed, he later found a position as the Lord of Pearl City and has been making silent preparations here.

The two of them walked in tandem and soon arrived at a large room. After entering the room, Bafang said to several small octopuses in the room: "Go, prepare some food and wine, and by the way, prepare more purple octopuses." Seaweed, we are preparing some wine and will bring it to me right away. Come on down." The small octopuses immediately responded, turned around and left.

This kind of little octopus is not the blue-light octopus family. They are a small octopus race with little fighting power. They have always relied on the blue-light octopus family for survival. It can be said that they are the servant race of the blue-light octopus family. Their loyalty to the blue-light octopus family, then But it goes without saying.

This room is very large. The floor of the room is paved with very short and very soft seaweed. There is a large table in the middle of the room. The two of them swam to the table and sat directly on the seaweed. Looking at Jiuling Lao Dao: "Sir, what's the matter? Are you finally ready to go out? Now the Shenlong Sea Kingdom is not at peace. A group of very powerful guys have emerged from nowhere. They are very powerful and are making trouble here. , if we take the opportunity to cause trouble now, there will be absolutely no problem."

Jiuling Lao looked at his appearance and couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Bafang, you, your temper has not changed at all after so many years, but this time I came to you, really for Those new people are here, and this time you were right."

Upon hearing what Jiuling Lao said, Bafang's face couldn't help but change slightly: "Sir, you don't still want to help that fainting king, do you? Do you know that the guy with Changjian has been killed, and what's left of us?" There are not many of these old brothers left here. If we hadn’t arrived in Pearl City early, we might not be able to escape the poisonous hands now. It has been several years since I dared to leave Pearl City, and this There are still his spies in the city, otherwise, I wouldn’t have to lead you through the secret passage to the City Lord’s Mansion. Sir, you must not help him anymore, he is just a fool.”

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, his expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said loudly: "What's going on? How did Changjian die? Why did he kill Changjian? Although Changjian has always been loyal to me, but to him I don’t have any bad intentions. You asked me to stand on my own back then, and the sword was still trying to stop him with all its strength. How could he die?"

Ba Fang looked sadly and said: "My lord, that was a fainting king. I heard that he just found an excuse and killed Chang Sword. Now in the Dragon Palace, people are dying almost every day. The temper of the man with Chang Jian It’s not that you don’t know that he didn’t want to see anyone die in our Shenlong Hai Kingdom the most, so I heard that he made some remarks to the faint king several times, and then he was killed. My lord, now the faint king is crazy. , he is completely crazy."

As soon as he heard what Bafang said, Jiuling Lao's expression turned extremely ugly. He looked at Bafang and said, "He has really become like this now? I really didn't expect it." After saying that, he couldn't help but sigh. , he now believes in what Zhao Hai and the others say even more, but even if he is affected, is the influence really that strong? Can one person change so much? He really couldn't understand.

Bafang said in a deep voice: "I heard that the Dragon Palace is almost filled with bones. Sir, if this continues, all the people in our Shenlonghai Kingdom will be dead. Sir, please stand up. I saw you a few years ago." Things are not going well. Those brothers who are loyal to you have all been sent abroad separately and have gone to various places. I heard that they have never been to the Dragon Palace or returned to the Dragon Palace in these years. Sir, now it’s up to you. , as long as you stand up and raise your arms, countless old brothers will definitely stand up and echo you, and then we can confront him, and he will no longer dare to kill people at will. "

Old Jiuling shook his head, sighed and said with a smile: "I came out this time to deal with him, but I didn't want to deal with him. To be honest, I didn't know that Shenlong Haiguo had become like this. The reason why I want to deal with him is because I joined the Blood Killing Sect and I am now a member of the Blood Killing Sect."

When Bafang heard what Elder Jiuling said, he looked at him with some confusion, and then said in a deep voice: "Sir, what is the Blood Killing Sect you are talking about? Why do you want to join the Blood Killing Sect? With your strength, you are completely Why do you still want to join the Blood Killing Sect when you can become your own king?"

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "In fact, you also know this Blood Killing Sect. It's what you said before. I don't know where the group of people came from. They occupy the south of you." There is an area that completely separates you from the Dragon Palace, and those people are the members of the Blood Killing Sect."

When Bafang heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help but be stunned for a moment, and then his expression immediately changed. He looked at Elder Jiuling and said, "Sir, are you telling the truth? Is the Blood Killing Sect you are talking about the same group of people? I was about to ask you, who are those people, and why did they suddenly appear here in Shenlonghai Kingdom? What is going on? "

Old Jiuling smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Their background is not small. I joined the Blood Killing Sect because I had no choice but to be honest. I feel a little lucky now. Fortunately, I joined the Blood Killing Sect." Kill the clan, otherwise, it may be even more troublesome."

Bafang looked at Old Jiuling with some confusion. Old Jiuling smiled bitterly and told Bafang what he saw and heard in the Blood Killing Sect. This talk lasted for more than two hours, but Bafang remained blank. Listening to Old Jiu Ling's words in a daze, he felt as if he was listening to a book from heaven. It really made him feel like he couldn't believe it.

After finishing his last words, Elder Jiuling looked in all directions and said in a deep voice: "Finally, I have figured it out. We are not the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect, and they are willing to accept us, so we might as well join the Blood Killing Sect and become the Blood Killing Sect. As for killing a member of the sect, as for the Dragon King, let the sect leader handle it."

Bafang looked at Old Jiuling for a while and then said: "Sir, is everything you said true? Is the Blood Killing Sect really that powerful? I have never heard of the things you said." Bafang Zhen What's more, there is no way to believe what Jiuling Lao said, because he has really never even heard of what Jiuling Lao said. How can you make him believe it.

Jiuling Lao looked at him, smiled bitterly and said, "If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it, but this is indeed true. It's absolutely true. I really won't lie to you. , otherwise, you can follow me out of the city now, and I will take you to the Blood Killing Sect, and then you will know whether what I said is true or false."

Bafang looked at Old Jiuling, and after a while he nodded and said: "Okay, sir, I will go with you, but there are too many people from the Dragon King in the city now, I must make arrangements, and then I will go to the bloody killing with you. Let’s take a look at Zong, you have to wait for me.” After saying that, he looked at Elder Jiuling intently, as if waiting for Elder Jiuling’s answer.

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Go, I will wait for you here. After you have finished making arrangements, I will take you to the Blood Killing Sect. If you want to bring a few more people, that's no problem. Go ahead." When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but look slightly embarrassed, but he still saluted to Jiuling Lao, then turned and left.

Not long after he left, another servant brought new wine and food, as well as some snail wine. When Jiuling Lao was talking to Bafang, a servant had already brought wine and food, but at that time the two of them only paid attention to While they were talking, no one went to eat the food and wine. Now there were servants who brought new food and wine to Old Jiuling.

Jiulinglao picked up a conch and took a sip of the wine in the conch. He found that the wine seemed to be particularly bitter. He couldn't help but smile bitterly. Of course he knew that it was not because the wine tasted bad, but because he felt bitter in his heart. , although Bafang said nicely before, saying that he wanted to arrange his own affairs before leaving with Jiuling Lao, but he saw a look of defensiveness on Bafang's face. Although Bafang has experienced so many years, he has already It was very good, but the change in expression on his face could not escape Old Jiuling's eyes, and this was the reason why Old Jiuling felt bitter.

Bafang can be said to be his most trustworthy subordinate, but in recent years, Bafang no longer believes in him. In the past, he would do what Bafang said, but now Bafang has begun to be wary of him. He knows that Bafang is afraid of him. Lie to him. If he really deceived him somewhere and then killed him, then Pearl City would really be leaderless, that's why he showed such an expression.

However, Bafang finally chose to believe him, but he prepared a backup plan. Old Jiuling believed that Bafang must have gone to explain to his tribe now. If something happened to him, what would his tribe do? From this point of view, Bafang is indeed mature, but this kind of maturity really makes him feel a little sad.

But Jiuling Lao didn't mean to blame Bafang. To be honest, if he were in Bafang's position, he would do the same things as Bafang. After all, Bafang's safety is not only related to him, but also to Bafang. It was related to the entire Blue Light Octopus clan and the entire Pearl City. He couldn't be careless, but for some reason, seeing the defensive look on Bafang's face, he still felt sour and bitter.