c7553 pearl city

When Jiuling Laoyi heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "Please rest assured, sect leader, you still have some confidence in me. Before the Dragon King's personality changed drastically, I was actually the one running the Shenlonghai Kingdom. There are also many loyal subordinates. Later, I was hunted down by the Dragon King, and my subordinates saved me. They even wanted to join forces with me to deal with the Dragon King, but I refused. I didn’t want to do it because of this. , and let Shenlong Haiguo fall into the flames of war, although I can do this."

Speaking of this, Mr. Jiuling sighed softly, and then said: "Although the Dragon King is extremely powerful, he seems to be restricted by a force. He can only stay in the Dragon Palace and has no way to escape from the Dragon Palace. Of course, he can also use his own power to attack anyone anywhere in Shenlonghai Kingdom, but that is not his body after all, so the power used in this way is not very strong, and it is precisely because of this , so I was able to escape the disaster. This was something I discovered accidentally. So if I really wanted to go against the Dragon King at that time, I could have led my men to find someone in Shenlonghai. place, I could establish myself as the king. Although I would encounter the attack of the Dragon King, at that time, I was already confident of blocking the attack of the Dragon King's power. In other words, I could establish myself as the king, but I did not do that. , because if I really do that, then the Dragon King will send an army to attack us, and the entire Shenlong Sea Kingdom will fall into an endless war. That is not what I want to see. After all, I am still deeply Love Shenlong Haiguo.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "I see, then what kind of positions do your subordinates you mentioned still hold? Can he be sure that they will still listen to you now? "Zhao Hai is still a little worried about this matter, so he asked like this.

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "My subordinates are all taught by me personally. They are like my children. They have always respected me very much. If they hadn't been beating me up all the time, Cover, it is impossible for me to live here in Shenlonghai Kingdom without being discovered by Lord Dragon King. As for their positions, there is no need to worry, they are very strong, and I have never asked them to do anything. Anything that goes against the Dragon King, so they shouldn’t have any problems now, you don’t have to worry about this.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but said with satisfaction: "Okay, that's good. What are you going to do now?" Zhao Hai really wanted to know what Old Man Jiuling was going to do now. But they are still using troops against the northern part of the Dragon Realm. If Old Nine Spirits can help them at this time, then maybe what they have to do will be simpler.

Old Jiuling immediately spoke: "There is only one big city here in the north of Shenlong Sea Kingdom, called Pearl City, and the lord of this Pearl City is one of my subordinates, Bafang, the leader of the Blue Light Octopus Clan. I can go and meet him. Bafang, let him join the Blood Killing Sect directly, I think he might agree."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then said with some confusion: "You mean, there is a city here in the north of the Shenlong Sea Kingdom? Is it a real city?" Zhao Hai really thought before that there was no place in the Dragon World here. There will be cities. Now when he heard what Jiuling Lao said, it seemed that there were cities in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. This really surprised him.

Jiuling Lao smiled and said: "Yes, there are cities in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, and there are many cities, but the north is where the Dragon King's power is weakest, so there is only one here, and that is Pearl City, this Pearl City is quite large, and it’s really not that easy to attack.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "This Pearl City has a strong defense?" Zhao Hai had never seen the city here in Shenlonghai Kingdom, so when he heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but wonder He became curious, and he really wanted to know what the city in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom was like.

Jiuling Lao smiled and said: "Yes, it is very strong. The city walls there are actually all made of shellfish, and they are living shellfish. These shellfish can produce pearls. These pearls are actually very precious. They In fact, it can be regarded as a kind of magic weapon, which is the magic weapon of those shellfish. When someone attacks the Pearl City, those shellfish will spit out their pearls to attack the enemy, and they can also control those pearls, which is quite powerful. , and it is precisely for this reason that this place is called the Pearl City.”

"It's interesting that there are such shellfish. Such shellfish are really difficult to deal with." Chang Jun was also aroused by the old man Jiuling. When he heard what the old man Jiuling said, he also said with interest. .

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Not only does Pearl City have this kind of shellfish as a city wall, but the most important thing is the blue-light octopus clan that controls that city. The blue-light octopus clan is the strongest except for their normal attacks. , is a very special kind of poison. Their poison is a kind of their innate ability. This kind of poison will kill people in a short time. The poison is the most powerful I have ever encountered. The strongest of all living things."

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Let's do this, Chang Jun, please arrange for Jiuling Lao to take a look at the poisons produced by our Blood Killing Sect and see how those poisons compare with the poison of the Blue Light Octopus. What, if the poison of the blue light octopus is stronger than the poison produced by our Blood Killing Sect, then we must be more careful."

Chang Jun responded, he was very clear about Zhao Hai's purpose of doing this. The Blood Killing Sect used a magic circle that could absorb toxins. This method was used to deal with some ordinary toxins, but the magic circle's There is also an upper limit on its use. Some of the highest-level poisons now researched by the Blood Killing Sect can also destroy this kind of magic circle. Of course, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have countless magic circles inside their bodies, as well as outside their bodies. There are also many magic circles in the incarnation. If they are really consumed, some of the toxins currently studied by the Blood Killing Sect can indeed be absorbed, but it will also take time. If you are infected with this kind of poison, , if you continue to fight, it will not only have a great impact on combat effectiveness, but also allow the poison to penetrate deeply into the body. Then it will be even more troublesome to remove the poison in the future.

It is for this reason that Zhao Hai wants to ask Jiuling Lao to take a look at the poisons produced by the Blood Killing Sect. If those poisons are stronger than the poison of the Blue Light Octopus, then the Blue Light Octopus clan will have nothing to do with the Blood Killing Sect. It's dangerous. If the poison of the blue light octopus is stronger than the poison created by the Blood Killer Sect himself, then Zhao Hai needs to be careful.

Chang Jun didn't wait and stood up directly. Zhao Hai also stood up and said to Chang Jun and the others: "When the test is over, go to my room and tell me." After saying that, he disappeared as soon as he moved. After disappearing, Chang Jun and the two didn't say anything, they just walked straight out.

After a while, Chang Jun ordered Mr. Jiuling to come outside Zhao Hai's room. As soon as they arrived outside Zhao Hai's room, the door of Zhao Hai's room had already opened, and then the two of them entered the room. Laura and the others were now They were all in the room. When several people saw Chang Jun, they all nodded to him. Chang Jun also nodded to several people.

At this time, Zhao Hai's voice came: "Laura, this is Elder Jiuling, the new core elder of our Blood Killing Sect. Elder Nine Spirits, these are my wives, please don't offend them. You must know that they are in charge of the logistics department of the entire Blood Killing Sect. If you want to use anything in the future, you must go through their hands. If they don't give it to you, then there is nothing you can do." Wan Haha laughed, Laura and Chang Jun all laughed too.

Then Laura and the others bowed to Old Jiuling first, and Elder Jiuling quickly returned the gift. He actually already knew something about Laura and the others from Ma Long. He knew that Laura and the others were very important to Zhao Hai, and he also Knowing that Laura and the others had great power in the Blood Killing Sect, he certainly did not dare to lose etiquette.

After the two parties met with each other, Zhao Hai asked them to sit down, and then Meg personally brought tea to the two of them, and then retreated. Laura and the others did not stay in the living room longer, and all left. Waiting until Laura After they left, Zhao Hai said to Chang Jun: "Chang Jun, what's the result?"

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Chang Jun's face couldn't help but look a little ugly. He then said: "I took Elder Jiuling to see it. He said that the poisons made by our Blood Killing Sect ourselves are better than the poisons of the Blue Light Octopus. It’s still a little bit worse. If we really confront the blue-light octopus family, what the final result will be is really hard to say. In short, it won’t be too good.”

Upon hearing what Chang Jun said, Zhao Hai also nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "In recent years, our Blood Killing Sect has paid too much attention to the development of the magic circle. For the development of elixirs, we have not done enough retests. It seems that in the future We have to pay more attention to this aspect. I have sent people to plant some medicinal materials in the time acceleration area. I believe that it will not take long before we will get a large number of aged medicinal materials. In this way, our elixirs will Once the medicine is made, it will be a step further. At that time, the antidote must also be carefully studied. The elixir, magic weapon, materials, magic circle, these things are like the legs of our Blood Killing Sect. , one leg is a bit short now, so the development of our Blood Killing Sect may be affected to some extent. We need to pay more attention to this matter, okay, that’s all I have to say, you can make arrangements.”

Chang Jun understands what Zhao Hai means. Their toxin-absorbing magic circle cannot completely absorb all the poisons, so they need to find a way. Pills are a very good solution, but just As Zhao Hai said, before the Blood Killer Sect, he was not very interested in the research of elixirs, so it was not easy to come up with a solution based on elixirs in a short period of time. Therefore, in the future, he We must focus more on elixir research and make some material inclines, so that elixir research can grow faster. This is also very important for the Blood Killing Sect. As long as this shortcoming is made up, then The future development of the Blood Killing Sect,

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.