c7552 Decide

Old Jiuling slowly opened his eyes. He looked around and found that he was still in his room. He looked out the window again and found that the sky outside was still very dark. He couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he said: "Hai Anemone, come in." A voice outside the door responded, and then a metal puppet walked in.

This metal puppet entered the room and immediately saluted to Old Jiuling and said, "Master, what are your orders?" This metal puppet was naturally Old Jiuling's metal puppet Hai Kui. He had always stayed in Old Jiuling's room. Outside, they were waiting for Elder Jiuling's call at any time. Elder Jiuling also knew this, so he directly called Haikui in.

Jiuling Lao looked at Haikui and said, "Haikui, how long have I been in the room?" The reason why Jiuling Lao asked this was because Ma Long had told him before that in the real illusion, time and The outside world is different. With his identity and strength, the time he spends in the real illusion compared to the time in the outside world is about ten to one. In other words, he stays in the real illusion for ten hours, and the time in the outside world has just passed. It was only an hour. Elder Jiuling was still a little doubtful about this, so he wanted to ask Haikui how long he had stayed in the room.

Haikui immediately replied: "To tell the master, you have been in the room for four hours." Haikui also answered very quickly, and such an answer surprised Jiuling Lao, and he murmured He said, "Is it really a ratio of ten to one? Isn't that impossible?" But the fact was before him, and he couldn't help but believe it.

Jiu Linglao stood up and walked outside. Haikui followed him. When he got outside, Jiu Linglao found that it was almost dawn outside. In other words, he stayed in the real illusion all night, but he Now he doesn't feel tired at all. Although he is a monk, he still feels a little tired if he doesn't rest. However, he has stayed in the real illusion for so long, but he doesn't feel tired. This makes him feel tired at all. He was a little surprised.

Jiu Linglao raised his head and glanced at the sky, and then murmured: "I can't believe it, I really can't believe it. There is such a force in this world. It seems that I have really found a treasure this time." Elder Ling really felt like he had found a treasure now. He never thought that the Blood Killing Sect would have such magical things. This really made him feel extremely excited, because he knew that this real illusion, It is really useful for monks.

But he just sighed for a while, and then he went to the quiet room. This quiet room was not very big. There was only a futon in it and nothing else. Old Jiuling sat there quietly, and then he He recalled the divine machine skills he learned in the real illusion. Although he knew that his body had not practiced the divine machine skills, he had practiced them countless times in the real illusion. At the beginning, he was obsessed with it, but now he has a complete understanding of Shenji's set of skills. He believes that he will never make any mistakes.

Jiu Linglao sat there and calmed down his mood, and then he directly started to practice the magic technique. Because he had practiced it countless times in the real illusion, so at this time, the speed of his practice was Very quickly, without making any mistakes, he soon practiced the Shenji technique once, but he did not stop. He knew that in order to complete the complete transformation of his technique, he had to practice it nine times. OK, and then practice other techniques, so that the spiritual techniques in his body can be slowly transformed into the techniques of the Blood Killing Sect.

After practicing the Shenji Kung Fu nine times, Jiuling Lao stood up and walked out of the quiet room. Then he glanced at the courtyard, and then with a thought in his mind, a teleportation array appeared under his feet. The next moment He had appeared outside Chang Jun's room. He had something very important to tell Chang Jun.

Standing outside Chang Jun's room, Old Jiuling did not knock on the door directly, but looked around. To be honest, this was the first time he used the teleportation array by himself. He really felt it was very novel. Of course, He also felt that it was very convenient. It was so convenient. It was really great to have the teleportation array or even any kind of magic array with you.

After taking a deep breath, Chang Jun stretched out his hand and knocked gently on the door. The door was opened immediately, and then he heard Chang Jun's voice saying: "It's Elder Jiuling. Why do you have time to come to my place? Please come in." Following this voice, Chang Jun also walked out of the room and walked towards him.

Elder Jiuling saluted to Chang Jun and said, "I've met Elder Chang. I'm really sorry to bother you this time." As he spoke, he also walked towards Chang Jun. He had already inquired about it from Ma Long. After many things, he knew that although his status with Chang Jun was nominally equal, the real situation was that Chang Jun was Zhao Hai's absolute confidant, and his status in the Blood Killing Sect was definitely higher than that of Chang Jun. Ordinary core elders, so he was very polite to Chang Jun.

Chang Jun smiled at Mr. Jiuling and said: "Elder Jiuling is very polite, please sit down." As he said this, Chang Jun led Mr. Jiuling to the sofa, invited him to sit down, and asked the puppet to make a pot of it. Lingcha, and then personally took the teapot and poured a cup of tea for Elder Jiuling to show his respect for Elder Jiuling.

Elder Jiuling looked at Chang Jun's actions and quickly thanked him. After taking a sip of tea, he said to Chang Jun: "Elder Chang, I came to you this time because I have something to tell you. , I want to contribute to the sect, and I want to help the sect deal with Shenlong Haiguo, do you think that’s okay?”

When Chang Jun heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned, and then said: "Why did Elder Jiuling suddenly think like this? Can I know the reason?" Chang Jun was really surprised, because he knew that Jiuling In fact, Lao Lao was forced to join the Blood Killing Sect, and before joining the Blood Killing Sect, he never wanted to deal with Shenlong Haiguo, so Chang Jun was really surprised by the request he made now.

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "I'm not afraid of your jokes, Elder Chang. Although I just joined the Blood Killing Sect, after seeing all the magical features of my Blood Killing Sect, I already felt lucky for myself. Fortunately, I joined." I joined the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise, I will definitely regret it, and I also have feelings for Shenlong Haiguo. Before joining the Blood Killing Sect, I actually didn’t hate the Dragon King, because he is our king, Shenlong The reason why Haiguo exists is because of him, so he wanted to kill me, and I didn’t blame him, especially after knowing that he might have been affected by the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws and became like that. I don’t hate him even more, so at the beginning, I really didn’t think about dealing with Shenlong Haiguo.”

Chang Jun nodded. He knew that Jiuling Lao was telling the truth. Zhao Hai had already told him about Jiuling Lao. He also knew why Jiuling Lao joined the Blood Killing Sect. First, because of his His strength is not as good as that of Zhao Hai. The second reason is that he actually has no place to stay in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Otherwise, he would not have been living in the Shenlonghai Kingdom in a false form. He is so I did it to hide from the Dragon King.

Old Jiuling looked at Chang Jun, and then said: "Although I have never wanted to deal with the Shenlonghai Kingdom, after seeing the situation of our Blood Killing Sect, I changed my mind. I want to change the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom. , I want Shenlonghai Kingdom to join the Blood Killing Sect. I want all the creatures in Shenlong Sea Kingdom to live the same life as the Blood Killing Sect disciples. I also want to use this method to Save the Dragon King.”

When Chang Jun heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned, but then he nodded and said: "Okay, I understand. Elder Jiuling, please don't worry, I will report this matter to the sect leader immediately. , I believe that the sect leader will definitely agree." Chang Jun is still confident about this. He really does not believe that there is a monk who will not be moved after seeing the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, so it is There is no doubt about Elder Jiuling's statement at all.

Old Jiuling nodded and was about to speak when he heard a voice saying: "Hahahaha, I really didn't expect that you figured it out so quickly. Okay, very good." Following this voice, a The person had already walked in from outside Chang Jun's door. As soon as Chang Jun and Jiulinglao saw the person coming, they immediately stood up and saluted, because the person coming was none other than Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and said with a smile: "I actually let you join the Blood Killing Sect because I want you to help the Blood Killing Sect deal with Shenlong Haiguo. Of course, what I mean by dealing with is not I want you to take action, but I want to send you out to persuade some people in Shenlonghai Kingdom to surrender so that they will stop fighting us. But at first, I was worried that you would disagree, so I didn’t say anything about it. , I want you to come and see what kind of sect our Blood Killing Sect is. After you understand the Blood Killing Sect, you should take the initiative to help us deal with Shenlong Haiguo, but I didn’t expect that, You figured it out so quickly.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Old Jiuling couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Thank you, sect master, for looking up to me. After seeing what kind of sect the Blood Killing Sect is, if you still don't want to join the Blood Killing Sect, then you must I am just a fool, I don’t want to be a fool, and I don’t want the people of the Shenlonghai Kingdom to be fools, so I am willing to persuade the people of the Shenlonghai Kingdom to stop fighting the Blood Killing Sect.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then sat down, poured himself a cup of tea, and after taking a sip, he said to Elder Jiuling: "How sure are you, Elder Jiuling? You must know that those people are not so... Easy to convince." Zhao Hai really wants to know how sure Jiuling Lao is that he can convince those people. To be honest, Zhao Hai has no problem dealing with the people of the Shadow Clan, and there is no problem dealing with his enemies, but Shenlong The people here in Haiguo were commanded by the Shadow Clan to deal with him, and they were completely unaware of it. Facing such a person, Zhao Hai really didn't want to do anything too extreme, so he resorted to some tricks.

He knew that Jiuling Lao was the former prime minister of the Shenlonghai Kingdom, but whether he could convince those in the Shenlonghai Kingdom, Zhao Hai really had no idea at all.