c7554 meeting

Chang Jun led Jiuling back to his room. Jiulingdu still looked at Chang Jun with some confusion. After the two sat down and drank a cup of tea, Jiuling said to Chang Jun: "Elder Chang, sect master What does that mean? Do you want me to go to Pearl City to persuade you to surrender? He seems to have never mentioned this matter. He just asked about the intensity of the toxicity of the blue light octopus, but didn't say anything else. So do I still want to go to Pearl Island? "

Chang Jun smiled and said: "Elder Jiuling, you are still too cautious, and you don't know the sect master very well. Didn't the sect master say it a long time ago? When he accepted you, he just wanted you to help us. It’s to deal with the Dragon King, so of course you can take action, don’t worry, I will arrange this matter.”

Hearing what Chang Jun said, Mr. Jiuling breathed a sigh of relief. He was really afraid that Zhao Hai would disagree. If Zhao Hai disagreed, then he would have no chance to let the creatures in the Shenlonghai Kingdom join in the blood killing. Zong, that is definitely not good news for the creatures here in Shenlong Sea Kingdom.

He has personally fought against Zhao Hai, so it is very clear that Zhao Hai's strength is still higher than that of the Dragon King. In other words, it is almost impossible for the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom to be Zhao Hai's opponent. In this case, Zhao Hai It is actually not difficult to deal with the Shenlonghai Kingdom. If Zhao Hai does not let him carry out his plan, then if the Blood Killing Sect wants to conquer the Shenlonghai Kingdom, they must rely on killing and kill all the people in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. All people must be killed. In that case, the Shenlonghai Kingdom will really be finished.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai agreed to let him help, so that he could bring some creatures from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom directly into the Blood Killing Sect. In this way, even if the Dragon Realm is occupied by the Blood Killing Sect, Shenlong There are still many creatures here in the Sea Kingdom that can survive, and this is what Elder Jiuling wants to see most.

The reason why he didn't want to establish himself as a king and fight against the Dragon King at the beginning was that too many creatures from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom would be killed. Now he also doesn't want too many people from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom to be killed, so he He wanted to help the Blood Killing Sect to fight against the Dragon King. He also hoped that the Blood Killing Sect would free the Dragon King from the influence of that energy.

Chang Jun looked at Old Jiuling, then smiled slightly and said: "I will summon all the core elders, including Sun Buyu and others, to introduce you to them, let them know your thoughts, and ask them to cooperate with you as soon as possible. Take the northern part of the Dragon Realm, and then we will advance to the south of the Dragon Realm." After speaking, Chang Jun took out the communication array and summoned all the core elders to the main hall for a meeting. Then Chang Jun led Mr. Jiuling to the main hall first.

After a while, the two of them arrived in the main hall, and then other core elders came one after another. Of course Sun Buyu and the others also came. In fact, Sun Buyu and the others have not been idle these two days and are moving forward. However, Their advancement speed was not very fast, but even so, their southern defense line was always under attack, which made Sun Buyu and the others very annoyed.

After everyone arrived, Chang Jun glanced at everyone and then said: "Elder Jiuling came to me before. He told me a plan and hoped that I would agree to it. Now I am not the only one to agree to this plan. The sect master I also agreed, so I called everyone over and let everyone know about the plan, is there no problem?"

When everyone heard what Sun Buyu said, they couldn't help but glance at Jiuling Lao. They clearly remembered that when Zhao Hai asked Jiuling Lao to join the Blood Killing Sect, he told them personally that Jiuling Lao would not participate in the battle against the dragon. If there is anything wrong with the attack in the world, don’t tell Old Jiuling. Now Old Jiuling has another plan, and Zhao Hai has agreed to it. This makes them all a little surprised. They don’t know Old Jiuling’s plan. What is it.

Chang Jun glanced at everyone and said: "Okay, I won't betray Guanzi anymore, and I will tell you all my plan directly. Elder Jiuling's plan is actually very simple, that is, he will help us persuade us to surrender. People in the Shenlonghai Kingdom, this way we can take down the Shenlonghai Kingdom without any bloodshed. Of course, this plan may not be successful, but I think it is very necessary to try it. The sect leader also thinks so, so I want you to Everyone tries their best to cooperate.”

When Chang Jun said this, everyone was stunned. Then Sun Buyu stood up, saluted to Chang Jun and said, "Elder Chang, are you telling the truth? Elder Jiuling can really watch surrender. People from the Shenlonghai Kingdom? If that's the case, then we will move much faster and save a lot of trouble. This is definitely a good thing for us." He was really excited and wanted to Knowing that he is now the frontline commander, if this plan really succeeds, then the casualties of the Blood Killing Sect will be much less, and the speed of advancement can be faster, which is definitely a good thing for him.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Of course it is true. Jiuling Lao is here in Shenlonghai Kingdom and has many disciples. These people still have feelings for him, so the sect leader agreed to let him try. Jiuling Mr. Ling, you will follow Sun Buyu from now on. I hope you can cooperate well and capture the northern part of Shenlonghai Kingdom in the shortest possible time."

Sun Buyu and Jiuling Lao both stood up and responded, then sat down. Chang Jun continued: "There is one more thing I want to tell you. In the north of the Dragon Realm, there is a person from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. The big city is called Pearl City. This Pearl City is very large. The city walls are all made up of a kind of shellfish that can spit out pearls. These shellfish can use pearls as magic weapons to attack people. Those who control this city, They are the blue-light octopus clan. What they are best at is using poison, and the poison is very strong. I asked Mr. Jiuling to see the poisons made by our Blood Killing Sect. He said that the poison used by the blue-light octopus is better than ours. The strongest poison made by Killing Sect himself needs to be poisoned a little more. Everyone should know how poisonous this blue light octopus is, right? So if Elder Jiuling cannot watch the surrender of Pearl City, we must launch a strong attack on Pearl City. If so, then you must remind your disciples to be careful about the poison of the blue light octopus, it is really not a joke."

When everyone heard what Chang Jun said, they were all stunned, and then their faces changed. They really didn't expect that the poison of the blue light octopus would be so strong. If the poison was really that strong, then Even if they were to confront them, they would still be a threat, which made them have to be careless.

Chang Jun continued: "There is one more thing I want to say. Lao Wen, Hu Wei, and Shu Li, all of you, please pay attention. The sect master has made a decision. We must support our sect's development of elixirs in the future. , all kinds of elixirs must be studied, so you must gather all your people who are best at elixirs, and study together the elixirs of our Blood Killing Sect, do you understand? ?”

When they heard what Chang Jun said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then they immediately understood what Chang Jun meant. As soon as they finished talking about poison, they immediately talked about the elixir. The purpose of studying this elixir must be to detoxify. This It was understandable for them to arrive, so the three of them immediately responded and agreed directly.

The reason why Chang Jun wanted to tell the three of them this was because their subordinates actually all had some talents in alchemy and some talents in using poisons. However, sometimes poisons and medicines are not separated. People who are good at using poison must also be very strong at detoxifying, so it is very necessary for these people to gather together and study together.

After Chang Jun finished talking about this matter, he nodded to everyone and said: "Okay, that's it for today. Let's go and do our work. Elder Jiuling, just go with Sun Buyu and the others. When will you take action?" , you have the final say, I only look at the results, go ahead." Old Jiuling responded, and then walked out with Sun Buyu and the others.

When a group of them arrived at the frontline headquarters, Sun Buyu immediately said to Elder Jiuling: "Elder Jiuling, there is something I don't know. I don't know whether to talk about it or not." Sun Buyu was not very familiar with Elder Jiuling. So he was very polite when he spoke to Elder Jiuling. Now that Elder Jiuling has such an important task, he is even more polite.

When Elder Jiuling heard what Chang Jun said, he immediately smiled and said: "Elder Sun is a polite person. If you have anything to do, just say it." Elder Jiuling didn't know much about these people in the Blood Killing Sect. So his answer was very polite. He knew very well that he must not offend anyone now, especially the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. They were all high-level officials in the Blood Killing Sect, but he was a newcomer. Man, if you offend these people, I'm afraid you won't be able to enjoy his good fruit in the future.

Sun Buyu smiled and said, "I'm actually a little curious. What made you, Jiuling Lao, change your mind? You shouldn't have agreed to deal with Shenlong Haiguo originally, right? Otherwise, the sect master wouldn't have said those words before, but Now he is willing to help us, can I know the reason?" Sun Buyu was really curious about what made Jiuling Lao and the others change their minds at once. This really made him very curious. .

Old Jiuling smiled bitterly and said: "I don't want to change my mind either. When I joined the Blood Killing Sect, I didn't want to change my mind. But after learning about some of the circumstances of the Blood Killing Sect, I immediately changed my mind, because I know very well that the strength of our Blood Killing Sect is much stronger than that of the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. Even if I am still in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, I am no match for the Blood Killing Sect. Fighting with you will only make the Shenlong Sea Kingdom suffer. All the creatures in it died, so I decided to help the people of the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Yes, I actually feel that I am not helping the people of our Blood Killing Sect, but the people of the Shenlonghai Kingdom. There is no way , the Blood Killing Sect is really too strong, I really don’t want them to die in vain.”

Sun Buyu nodded. He fully agreed with what Jiuling Lao said, because he was so confident about the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. Rather than saying that he believed in Jiuling Lao's words, it would be better to say that he He believed in the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. He believed that with the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, anyone who knew the inside of the Blood Killing Sect would not want to be an enemy of the Blood Killing Sect, let alone Shenlong Haiguo, which had no chance of winning at all. So he I completely agree with Jiuling Lao's explanation.