c7551 study

Old Jiuling sat quietly in his room. From time to time, he would touch a small, almost imperceptible piece of metal attached to his forehead. He still feels a little unreal. He had never thought that there would be such a good thing in the Blood Killing Sect. The appearance of this thing was completely beyond his imagination.

Today, when Mr. Jiuling went outside to see the Garuda Realm, and even the Shura Realm and the Yaksha Realm, he finally believed what Ma Long said, and finally believed what Zhao Hai said. They were really in a man-made inner world. In space, because he saw the kind of space passage they called a bottomless pit in all those interfaces, it was precisely because of this that he was so surprised.

After he accepted this reality, Ma Long took him to get his equipment, including identity cards, external incarnations, life seeds, energy array incarnations, and optical brains. These things were all delivered to him. Ma Long After telling him the use of these things, Jiuling Lao was completely stunned. He really couldn't imagine that there would be such good things in the Blood Killing Sect. This was beyond his expectation. .

There are really too many good things from the Blood Killing Sect, more than he could imagine. Not to mention anything else, just an external incarnation surprised him. This thing can actually transform at will. It's really incredible that he can grow bigger and smaller, and most importantly, he actually has a light brain inside him that can help people fight.

He still doesn't believe that such a thing exists. Although he has tried the effect of this thing, he still doesn't believe it. But he also knows that he can't dwell on this problem forever, so he finally decided not to Forget about him, he has to do another thing now, which is to change his exercises.

His skills are different from those of other members of the Blood Killing Sect, and he has not yet learned the magic technique, nor has he learned how to control murderous aura. He has not learned any of these methods, and these skills are not suitable for the Blood Killing Sect. For people, it is very important. Now he must learn these exercises.

And these exercises cannot be learned casually. He must enter the real illusion to learn, learn in the real illusion, and even practice to a very proficient level. Only in this way can he learn from the real illusion. Come out, and then change his skills in the real world. Otherwise, if he changes his skills rashly, he is looking for death.

Although Ma Long has taught Mr. Jiu Ling how to enter the real illusion, Mr. Jiu Ling has not really entered the real illusion yet. This is the first time he has entered the real illusion, so he is still a little nervous. He first took a deep breath tone, and then activated his external incarnation, then directly called up the magic circle to enter the real illusion, and then activated the magic circle.

Just after he activated the magic circle, Jiuling Lao felt a light in front of his eyes. The next moment, he found that he had appeared in a very special place. It seemed to be a large room, very empty, and in In front of him, there were many projections with words written on them. Some had words about learning exercises, some had words about real battles, and some had words about weapon refining training and so on.

Jiulinglao did not touch those words. He heard Ma Long say that if he touched those words, it would mean that he had chosen what he wanted to do. Although he could quit at any time, he still did not touch it immediately. Looking around, he wanted to see his surroundings.

This was a large room, very empty, with almost nothing. He looked down again and found that there was a floor under his feet. Old Jiuling tried to step on the floor with his feet, and found that it felt very real. , he raised his hand again and touched his head with his hand. This feeling was very real. He could even feel the temperature on his body. How could one not be surprised?

Elder Jiuling is now more and more impressed by the various methods of the Blood Killing Sect. Although Ma Long told him about the situation in the real illusion before, when he actually entered the real illusion, he found that he still underestimated it. The situation in the real illusion here is really too real. Now he has a feeling that he has just entered a special space. Everything here is real, and the magic circle he used before is not at all. The magic circle of the real illusion is a teleportation array. It was the teleportation array that brought him here. This is actually not an illusion. This is simply a special room, because this feeling is really too real. .

After looking around, Old Jiuling turned to look at the projection in front of him. The projection in front of him was those choices. Old Jiuling looked at it for a while, and then he directly reached out and pressed on the projection that was used to learn the exercises. When he pressed it, he thought it would only touch nothingness, but he did not expect that when his hand pressed on the projection, he felt a very real feeling. He really felt as if he was pressing something. .

The next moment, he felt his eyes blur, and found that the scene around him had changed. It was no longer the empty room before. He was now in a huge library. What surprised him most was that in the In this library, we can actually see many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Just as Elder Jiuling was looking at the bookstore curiously, a voice suddenly came to his ears: "Elder Jiuling, you are finally here. I have been waiting here for you for a long time." This voice The appearance of Zhao Hai, who was looking at the library intently, was startled. He turned around and found that the person speaking was actually Ma Long.

When he saw it was Ma Long, Mr. Jiuling was stunned. Then he said, "Ma Long, why are you here?" He really didn't expect that Ma Long would follow him into the real illusion, which made him feel It was a bit unexpected. Although Ma Long had accepted the task of leading him to visit the entire Blood Killing Sect, did he also need to be guided when visiting in a real illusion?

Ma Long smiled and said: "Returning to Elder Jiuling, you are not familiar with the real illusion here, so I will come in and explain it to you. This will save you a lot of time. Elder Jiuling, please come with me. ." After saying that, he turned to one side and made a gesture of invitation, asking Mr. Jiuling to follow him.

Elder Jiuling really wanted to take a good look at this real illusion, so he followed Ma Long forward. After a while, the two of them came to a huge bookshelf. Ma Long pointed at the bookshelf and said: "Elder Jiuling, The exercises you need are all here. Look carefully, and then you can choose directly with your hands. After choosing the exercises, you can practice them by yourself. Elder, please." After saying this, Ma Long retreated. aside.

Old Jiuling looked at the huge bookshelf. He found that there were many books on the bookshelf. Each of these books seemed to be very big. With such a huge bookshelf, he could see all the books clearly from there. Book title. However, he soon discovered that it was not because the books were big, but because when he pointed his eyes at the books, the books would automatically enlarge, allowing him to see the words on the books clearly. This made Old Jiuling feel very novel. .

However, Old Jiuling did not forget about the business. He came here to choose the exercises he needed. First, he wanted to learn the magic technique, and then he learned other things. When he thought of this, he directly searched for it on the bookshelf. , and soon he found the book with the word "神机" written on it.

As soon as he was about to get the book, the book flew into his hand. As soon as he got the book, he found that he suddenly came to a smaller room. This room was not There were only two futons in the room, nothing else, and he still held the book Shenji in his hand.

Old Jiuling looked at the empty room and knew that it was for him to read and practice. He immediately walked to a futon, sat down directly, and then opened the book in his hand. He had just opened it. When he opened the book, he saw a flash of light in the book, which made his eyes flash for a moment. He closed his eyes involuntarily. When he opened his eyes, he found that Zhao Hai was already sitting opposite him. The futon is on.

When he saw Zhao Hai, Mr. Jiuling couldn't help but be startled. Then he immediately stood up, cupped his fists towards Zhao Hai and said, "I've met the sect master." He really didn't expect that he would see Zhao Hai here. Hai, this made him a little nervous, so he stood up involuntarily and bowed.

"Elder Jiuling, you don't have to be polite. In fact, this is not my true body. It is just a projection in the book Shenji. You don't have to be so polite. The purpose of leaving this projection is to teach my disciples how to learn Shenji." Those who practice the exercises, come on, let’s get started.” Zhao Hai still sat on the futon opposite Jiuling Lao with a smile on his face.

When Jiuling Lao heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled, but then he nodded and sat down, but he was still a little nervous. Although Zhao Hai opposite said that he was just a projection, his tone when he spoke was gentle. The reaction was too real, which made it impossible for Mr. Jiuling to relax.

However, Zhao Hai didn't seem to see his performance, and instead started to explain the Shenji technique to him. This surprised Elder Jiuling, but he still listened to Zhao Hai carefully. Explaining, he knew that this set of magical skills was very powerful and it was a skill that he must learn. Ma Long had told him this a long time ago, so he listened very carefully, for fear of missing a word.

He was quickly attracted by the contents of this set of exercises. He really didn't expect that there would be such a set of exercises in the world, and that it could be combined with any set of exercises, and They will all have a blessing effect on that kind of skill, which makes him not surprised.

Zhao Hai's explanation was very slow and detailed. He explained all the difficulties in Shenji's set of exercises. Mr. Jiuling had never seen such a detailed explanation before, but such an explanation was very useful to him. For him, the benefits are also very huge, because after listening to this explanation, he can immediately practice the Shenji exercise, because he already fully understands what this set of exercises is about, and there is no need to worry about anything happening. error.