c7559 Contest

Upon seeing this situation, the faces of Jiuling Lao and Bafang became very ugly. They knew very well that once it reached this level, this kind of striped shell would be almost unstoppable. The last time this happened, Shenlonghai Kingdom was in chaos, and countless masters died in the hands of these things. In the end, if the Dragon King hadn't taken action himself, these striped shellfish would have continued to be rampant.

But now that I think about it, the changes in these striped shellfish are actually very weird. They can't become like that for no reason, and when they become like that, they can't be wiped out by the Dragon King so easily. , there seems to be something really weird here.

Old Jiuling's face became very ugly. He looked at the projection and then said: "Elder Sun, this situation is already very dangerous. Once the striped shellfish reaches this scale, it will be difficult to deal with it. Because if you attack them with long-range energy, they will group together to block the energy attack, and finally absorb the energy. If you use a magic weapon to attack them from a distance, they will get on the magic weapon and absorb the magic weapon. The energy in the device will absorb the light and destroy the magic weapon. If you want to fight with them in close combat, then they will stick to your body and absorb your energy until your energy is absorbed by the light. And in In the process of absorbing energy, there will be more and more of them. The greater the energy, the faster the reproduction speed. This is very scary. Now that they have reached this scale, they are no longer difficult to deal with. I'm afraid. Only the sect leader can deal with them. Really, I'm not kidding. The reproduction ability of these things is too fast. We must stop them as soon as possible, otherwise there may really be problems."

Sun Buyu couldn't help but be startled when he heard what Elder Jiuling said. Then he glanced at Elder Jiuling and said with a smile: "Elder Jiuling, it seems that you still know too little about our Blood Killing Sect. Really? Too few. Speaking of which, these striped shellfish are really similar to a race of our Blood Killing Clan, but the attack methods of our Blood Killing Clan race are much more advanced than them. Hahahaha, I'm here. I want to see if the abilities of these striped clams will be helpful to them."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also burst out laughing, because they all knew that the race Sun Buyu was talking about was, of course, the alien race. The alien race has become very advanced now. They can absorb energy and practice, but like this First of all, a problem has arisen, that is, the reproductive ability of the alien clan has been affected to a certain extent. The number of aliens the Blood Killing Sect gets every day is still too few, and the speed at which they absorb energy is too slow. They can Swallow other creatures and then refine them into energy. However, because Zhao Hai has been controlling them and not allowing them to kill at will, their energy upgrade speed has also been affected to a certain extent. This actually limits the alien clan. development of.

The ability of this kind of spotted shellfish is actually somewhat similar to that of the Alien Clan, but they can only absorb energy and then reproduce. This seems to be much worse than the Alien Clan, but if the Alien Clan is allowed to devour a large number of these Striped shell, I don’t know if the alien clan has such an ability at one time. If the reproductive ability of the alien clan improves, it will definitely be a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect.

It is precisely because of this that Sun Buyu and the others were not afraid at all after hearing about the ability of the striped shells. On the contrary, they were very excited. If the alien clan could really get that kind of power through the striped shells, The powerful reproductive ability is really important to the alien clan and the entire Blood Killing Sect.

Seeing the disapproval of Sun Buyu and the others, Jiuling Laoyi could not help but show an anxious look on his face. He immediately said: "Elder Sun, this is really not a joke. Those striped shellfish are very powerful and very difficult to fight." If you don't handle it well, you will suffer a big loss. Really, this is really no joke. Back then, Shenlonghai Kingdom was almost destroyed in the hands of this thing."

Sun Buyu smiled slightly, and then said to the staff officer next to him: "Send an order for all the alien clan to attack, devour as many of those striped shells as possible, and get their genes. I really want to see if those striped shells are more powerful, or... Our alien clan is powerful." The staff officer responded and immediately turned around to give the order.

After Sun Buyu finished giving the order, he turned to Jiuling Lao and Bafang and said, "Let's just take a look here. I really don't believe it. A small thing that only relies on absorbing energy and reproducing." What if those who come to attack can kill us with blood? I believe we can defeat them, we can definitely do it."

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what Sun Buyu said, their faces showed expressions of hesitation, but in the end they didn't say anything. They also focused on the projection, and at this time Sun Buyu But with a wave of his hand, the projection was enlarged a little more, showing the situation on the front line more clearly.

Following Sun Buyu's order, countless big fish-like creatures suddenly rushed out of the Blood Killing Sect's formation and rushed straight towards the sea tide composed of striped shellfish. Then they saw those big fish They suddenly opened their big mouths, and their big mouths seemed to turn into black holes at that moment, and then they swallowed countless striped shells into their mouths.

But those striped clams didn't fight back at all. When the sea tide composed of those striped shells surged forward, countless striped shells immediately touched the big fish, and even directly Those big fish were buried, so that the striped shellfish couldn't be seen at all.

Upon seeing this situation, Jiuling Lao and Bafang couldn't help but sigh. They knew very well that in this case, the alien clan was finished, and no living thing would be buried by the striped shell. , who can still escape. In the past, countless masters here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom died under this move of the striped shells. The most powerful method of the striped shells is this, they are very domineering.

However, Sun Buyu and the others didn't show much. He just looked at the situation there with a calm face. He believed that the aliens could definitely defeat the striped shells. It was definitely possible. Sun Buyu had always believed that the potential of the alien family was unlimited. Although they are restricted now, as long as they are pushed to a certain level, they will definitely burst out with more powerful power, and they will definitely be able to wipe out the entire striped shell clan.

Elder Jiuling looked at the mountain of striped shells with a very ugly face. Finally, he couldn't help but sigh softly, turned to Sun Buyu and said: "Elder Sun, I'm not saying that I'm frustrated. I can't see this matter. It’s better to ask the sect leader to take action, I’m afraid no one else can deal with things like striped shellfish, really.”

Sun Buyu glanced at Jiuling Lao, then smiled slightly and said: "Give the Alien Clan a chance. The Alien Clan is the most capable clan in our Blood Killing Sect. This name is not for nothing. I can feel it. Those aliens are not dead, as long as they are not dead, they will have a chance, we will just wait."

Old Jiuling looked at Sun Buyu and sighed without saying anything. Although he thought this was impossible, he also knew that he had just joined the Blood Killing Sect and did not know much about the things in the Blood Killing Sect. Duo, if he pushed Sun Buyu and the others around at this time, it would only make Sun Buyu and the others unhappy, which would not be of any benefit to him, so he didn't say anything. In his opinion, anyway , Blood Killing Sect has so many disciples, and there are masters like Zhao Hai sitting in the battle, no matter what, they can take care of those striped shells, even if they suffer some losses, it doesn't matter.

Jiang Shenglin and the others are much more confident than Jiuling Lao. They know very well that Zhao Hai has put a lot of effort into cultivating the alien clan. Now the alien clan is very powerful, even stronger than before. There were too many, so they believed that the alien clan would be able to defeat the striped shell clan.

In fact, from Jiang Shenglin's point of view, any physical creature will not be able to get away with it when it comes to the aliens, because the aliens will absorb their genes for their own use, and slowly you will I found that the strength of the Alien Clan has surpassed yours. What the Alien Clan really doesn’t want to face is the big rocs in your Garuda Realm, because those big rocs are actually incorporeal, and they will turn into black after being killed. Smoke, the alien clan has no way to absorb their genes, and there is no way to make itself further. This is the real nemesis of the alien clan.

Sun Buyu and the others had been standing there, looking at the projection. After those striped shells buried the alien clan, the mountain of shells kept getting bigger. It was obvious at a glance that this was because the number of striped shells in the mountain of shells was The constant increase is very troublesome, because it means that they have absorbed more energy, which is very scary.

But after half an hour, Sun Buyu and the others discovered that although Beishan was still getting bigger, its speed had slowed down a lot, and Beishan was not taking a step forward either. This made Sun Buyu and the others have a look on their faces. He showed joy, and even the faces of Jiuling Lao and Bafang showed expressions of surprise.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang all focused on the projection. They knew how scary the spotted shellfish was. The previous plague of spotted shellfish caused panic in the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom. There was almost no way to do it. Being able to restrain this thing is precisely because of this, so Jiuling Lao and Bafang showed such panic when they discovered the striped shell. If the Blood Killing Sect can really defeat the striped shell, it can only mean that the Blood Killing Sect can defeat the striped shell. Zong is much scarier than striped clam.

Time moved forward bit by bit, and half an hour passed in the blink of an eye. Sun Buyu and the others discovered that Beishan was not only no longer getting bigger, but seemed to be shrinking. Sun Buyu was afraid that he had seen it wrong. , he immediately said loudly: "Quickly, compare the current Spotted Beibei Mountain with the Spotted Beibei Mountain half an hour ago, and see whether the Spotted Beibei Mountain has become bigger or smaller, quick." Immediately. One of the staff members responded, and then Jiuling Lao and Bafang saw that various data began to appear on the projection, which made them stunned.