c7550 Shock

"This is the outside of our Xuanwu Space. This is called Xuanwu Island. The Xuanwu Space is inside his body." Ma Long's voice came, and Old Jiuling came back to his senses. He looked at Xuanwu Island blankly and murmured He murmured: "I really didn't expect that the shape of Xuanwu Space would be a giant turtle. I really didn't expect it. No, this is called Xuanwu Space, so of course its shape is that of a giant turtle. Why didn't I think of it earlier?"

When Mr. Jiuling thought of the words Xuanwu Space at this time, he thought that the two words Xuanwu itself represented a giant turtle, so the shape of the Xuanwu Space was a giant turtle, which seemed to be There is nothing surprising, so Jiuling Lao couldn't help but feel a little ashamed. Chang Jun had already told him that the base of the Blood Killing Sect was called Xuanwu Space, but he didn't expect that the shape of Xuanwu Space was a giant tortoise. He was really stupid. .

But then Elder Jiuling looked at the situation around him. He found that they were in a large space, but in this space, there was nothing. The ground was white, the sky was white, and there was nothing around except Outside of the lonely Xuanwu Island, there is nothing around.

No, I'm not prepared to say that. There are still some things around here. They are some metal balls, but half of those Xin balls are buried underground. Apart from these things, there is nothing else, but this is not the case. This aroused the curiosity of Elder Jiuling. He looked at the metal fairways with some confusion: "What are those?"

Malone glanced at the metal fairways: "Those are magic circles, spherical magic circles. These spherical magic circles are connected to form a huge magic circle. This magic circle covers the entire Garuda world. This also means that, Our Blood Killing Sect has completely occupied the Garuda Realm, and this place belongs to our Blood Killing Sect.”

Although he had just joined the Blood Killing Sect, Old Jiuling still felt excited when Ma Long said this, which surprised him. He did not expect that he would still feel like this, but He still said: "Garuda Realm? This name is weird enough."

Ma Long immediately said: "The Garuda Realm is actually the Garuda Realm. It is the sixth realm among the eight realms of heaven and dragon. The previous realms are Gandharva Realm, Kinnara Realm, and Mohu Realm. Luojia Realm, Yaksha Realm, Asura Realm, then the Garuda Realm, and then the Dragon Realm and the Deva Realm. These are the eight realms of devas and dragons, and we are now in the Garuda Realm."

When Old Jiuling heard what Ma Long said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he said in confusion: "You mean, we are not in the Dragon Realm now? So how did the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect enter the Dragon Realm?" Where are you from attacking the Dragon Realm?" Mr. Jiuling was really curious about this.

Ma Long said in a deep voice: "In the Garuda Realm, there is a passage leading to the Dragon Realm. We first send people to enter the Dragon Realm from here, and then build a large cross-border teleportation array in the Dragon Realm. In this way Our disciples will be able to enter the Dragon Realm continuously."

"Space passage? I know, it's a bottomless pit, right?" Old Man Jiuling couldn't help but be startled when he heard Ma Long talk about space passage, but then he immediately thought of something, so he directly named it. In my memory, there is nothing in the Dragon Realm other than a bottomless pit that can be called a space passage.

Ma Long said with some confusion: "Bottomless pit? What is that? We don't know, but the space passage is actually a hole. There is a very powerful light in that hole that can decompose almost anything. If you enter there without preparation, If it’s in a cave, then it’s impossible for anyone who enters that cave to come out alive.”

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "That's right. It's a bottomless pit. A bottomless pit is a hole. Everything that enters a bottomless pit can't come out again. I never expected that there would be a space passage there. However, How did you know what was going on in the space passage? How did you pass through the human passage?"

Elder Jiuling is really very curious about this. There are two bottomless pits in the Dragon Realm. In the past, people in the Dragon Realm also entered the bottomless pits to explore, but no one could come back. Don't talk about coming back alive. You can't even see the corpse. It is precisely because of this that no one is checking the situation in the bottomless pit. Now when he hears Ma Long say this, he finally understands what the bottomless pit is, but he is even more aware of it. What’s curious is, how do the people of the Blood Killing Sect know the situation inside the bottomless pit, and how do they get through the bottomless pit?

Ma Long said in a deep voice: "We have many kinds of magical weapons in the Blood Killing Sect. When we first started to detect the space channel, we put in a lot of protection. There were many layers of defense around the most useful magical weapon. , after entering the space channel, the light of decomposition in the space channel will decompose a layer of defense every time it flashes. However, the light of decomposition does not always exist. As long as we have enough layers of defense, we can Through space channels.”

Old Jiuling also understood what Ma Long meant. There was a lot of light of decomposition in the space channel, but the light of decomposition was flickering. As long as the light of decomposition was on, things would be decomposed, and blood The people who killed the clan took advantage of this. They covered many layers of defense outside the magic circle. The light of decomposition can only decompose one layer. As long as they have enough layers of defense, they can withstand the decomposition. The decomposition of light can naturally enter other interfaces.

To be honest, after hearing the method used by the Blood Killing Sect, Jiuling Lao was really impressed. He had to admire the people of the Blood Killing Sect for actually coming up with such a method. This was really impressive. They are smart, no wonder they can enter various interfaces and conquer every interface.

Jiuling Lao suddenly realized that he seemed to know the reason why the Blood Killing Sect could conquer every world, because the various equipment of the Blood Killing Sect were much better than other interfaces. Take Dragon Realm as an example, Dragon Realm It would be good for the masters there to have one or two bone objects as their magic weapons. Although they also use some magic circles, there is no way to compare with the Blood Killing Sect. This kind of equipment gap, It's just too big.

When he thought of this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but sigh. He found that he had lamented several times today about the equipment gap between the Shenlong Sea Kingdom and the Blood Killing Sect, whether it was some small things or some magic weapons for combat. , the gap in this aspect is very huge. It seems that there is no way to compare between the Shenlong Sea Kingdom and the Blood Killing Sect, which really makes him a little frustrated.

But after he thought about it, he felt a little relieved. After all, he was now a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect and had nothing to do with the Shenlonghai Kingdom. He was sighing about the Shenlonghai Kingdom. , it was a little unreasonable. When he thought of this, he couldn't help but cheer up, and said to Ma Long in a blink of an eye: "Are you really attacking these interfaces to hunt down the power of the Shadow Clan's laws?"

This is actually the question that Old Man Jiuling is most concerned about, because he has heard Zhao Hai say before that they are chasing the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but he has never known whether it is true, so he wants to take the opportunity to ask Ask Ma Long and see how Ma Long answers. He may be able to learn more from Ma Long's answer.

When Ma Long heard what Elder Jiuling said, he was slightly startled at first, and then looked at Elder Jiuling with some confusion and said: "Of course, we have been fighting against the Shadow Clan since the lower realm. Later we found out that the Shadow Clan The power of laws and the power of laws of the world of cultivation are two completely opposite abilities. The power of laws of the Shadow Clan has been slowly invading the power of laws of the world of cultivation, trying to turn the world of cultivation into the world of shadows. , but once the world of cultivation really turns into the shadow world, then all of us monks will be doomed, and none of us will be able to survive, so we must fight against the power of the laws of the shadow clan."

Having said this, Ma Long paused for a moment, and then continued: "Of course, it was an accident that we entered the world of Tianlong and Babu. Our Blood Killing Sect ascended from the lower realm. Originally, the place where we ascended should be Wanshan world, but I don’t know why, there is an ascension platform here in the Tianlong Babu Realm, so we ascended here, and then we discovered that this is actually the monks from the Wanshan Realm, fighting against the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws. A place, so we fought against the power of the Shadow Clan's laws here, and slowly discovered that this place is an inner space composed of multiple interfaces, and this inner space is actually a powerful refiner from the Wanshan Realm. Made."

Old Jiuling had been listening to Ma Long's words quietly, but at the end, he frowned and said to Ma Long: "You mean that the Blood Killing Sect ascended from the lower world as a whole? And Tian Long Ba The Ministry Realm is just an inner space refined by others? Is it the same in the Dragon Realm?"

Ma Long nodded and said: "Yes, this is actually an inner space refined by the great master of Buddhism. It's a pity that this inner space magic weapon has not been successfully refined yet, and the great master of Buddhism has already passed away, so that's why Such a place was left behind, and later it was accidentally discovered that the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan and the monks in the Wanshan Realm were fighting here, until we ascended, and our Blood Killing Sect was indeed The one who ascended as a whole, to be precise, it was the sect master who took all of us up, using the Xuanwu Space."

Old Jiu Ling felt that his head was a bit insufficient. Although he had never ascended, and there was no concept of ascension in the Dragon Realm, Ma Long had already said that when they were in the lower realm, they had to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Confrontation, that is to say, they ascended from the lower realm. Old Jiu Ling didn’t know how difficult it was to ascend, but he knew from the Dragon Realm how difficult it was to leave the Dragon Realm. From the Dragon Realm It was impossible to leave there, let alone ascend, so when he heard Ma Long say this, he felt really unbelievable.

But then he thought about it. With Zhao Hai's strength, it wouldn't be difficult to use the Xuanwu Space to bring people from the Blood Killing Sect to ascend. So he was relieved when he thought of this. But when he knew it later, After ascending to the throne, Jiuling Lao truly knew how powerful and even great Zhao Hai was.