c7555 Tavern

Old Jiuling looked at the city in front of him. This city was really big. From a distance, the length of the city wall was more than two hundred miles. In several cities on the wall, sea creatures came in and out from time to time. , seemed very busy, but the city wall was black. The most important thing was that the city wall seemed to be able to move, and it looked very scary.

Old Jiuling looked at the city, then took a deep breath, and then slowly walked towards the city. His speed was not very fast, and what he was using now was not his body or human form, but It looks like an ordinary turtle, which is of course an illusion.

Jiuling Lao is still wanted by the whole Shenlonghai Kingdom. Of course, it is impossible for him to enter Pearl City in such a big way. Although now in Pearl City, it is equivalent to the Blood Killing Sect and has been completely separated from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. But he still won't be so arrogant and enter Pearl City directly. He doesn't want to cause any trouble to Ruolai, the blue-light octopus clan.

The layout of Pearl City is very beautiful. It looks like a huge chessboard. There are streets and rooms on both sides of the streets. These rooms are also very unique. In the grid of a chessboard, the rooms are They all look the same, some grids have large rooms, and some grids have very few rooms, because the people living in the first grid are all of different races. This is the case in the sea. There are some races in the sea. They are very huge, and some are very small. If all the rooms were built to the same size, there would be countless people without houses to live in.

Elder Jiuling is no stranger to Pearl City. Frankly speaking, the population of Pearl City is not very large, only more than two million people. However, there are many sea creatures living in the wild around Pearl City. , no one who can enter Pearl City is a simple person, so the combat power that can be used here in Pearl City is absolutely extraordinary.

However, because Pearl City is far away from the Dragon Palace, the Dragon King's power will become a little weak here. Therefore, there are actually many people hidden in Pearl City who the Dragon King ordered to hunt down. Of course, people like Jiuling Lao People cannot live in Pearl City because his identity is too conspicuous. Once someone discovers him, no one can save him.

Old Jiuling kept swimming towards Pearl City, and soon he arrived at the innermost part of Pearl City. In the innermost part of Pearl City, there is a large inner city. This inner city is where the Blue Light Octopus clan lives. Blue Light Almost all the members of the Octopus clan live here, so this place covers a very huge area.

The blue-ray octopus family does not have many body shapes. Their bodies can only grow to about five meters at most, which can be considered small in the sea. Moreover, their appearance is very beautiful. Their bodies are white with stripes on them. There are some blue stripes, but these stripes will flash from time to time. They are really flashing, not reflecting light. This is a characteristic of blue-light octopuses. They also use this method to Come and tell other people that all the creatures in the ocean know the identity of their clan, and none of them are good at blue light octopuses, so when they see the blue light flashing on their bodies, they usually retreat directly, and no one dares to provoke them. them.

Jiuling Lao came to the outside of the inner city. It is absolutely impossible to enter the inner city in the way he has transformed it. In fact, no one can enter the inner city except the Blue Light Octopus clan, so Jiuling Lao just glanced at the inner city, then turned around and swam across a nearby street. Just as he turned around, his mouth moved a few times, with countless fluctuations, and he directly entered the inner city. inside.

After a while, Old Jiuling came to a tavern next to a street. There was actually a tavern in the Dragon Realm. Sun Buyu and the others would be very surprised if they saw it. In fact, there is indeed a tavern in the Dragon Realm. , and the wine they drank was also a very special wine. This wine was actually brewed from a kind of shell, and the taste was very good.

This tavern is very large, with a height of dozens of meters, but at such a height, it is only divided into three floors. The door is very large, and the turtle that has aged from nine spirits swam directly into the tavern. The situation in this tavern is also It is very special. It is divided into three areas, the large area, the middle area, and the small area. In the large area, each table is very huge. Generally, the length of the table is about ten meters, while the table in the middle area is only about five meters. , the tables in the community are much smaller, only about one meter. These three areas are of course prepared to entertain guests of different shapes.

The turtle that Jiulinglao transformed into was not too small, so he could only sit in the middle area. As soon as he sat down, a very beautiful little fish swam over. The length of this little fish was only About half a meter long, the tail is very long, very big, and very beautiful, and the whole body of this little fish is still a faint blue, which makes this little fish indescribably cute.

The little fish swam to Elder Jiuling and asked, "What do the guests want?" This little fish was obviously a waiter in this tavern, and Elder Jiuling was very concerned about this situation. He was familiar with it, so he said: "A plate of purple seaweed and three snail wine." This purple seaweed is a very famous dish in the sea. The production of this kind of dish is not very high, but the taste is very good, so The price is very expensive, and ordinary people can't really afford it. As for wine, there seems to be only one kind of wine in the entire sea country, and this wine is bought by snails, which use snail shells to hold the wine. The mouth and tip of the shell will be sealed. When you want to drink, just pick up the shell, put the tip of the shell into your mouth, and lick it with your tongue to seal it. Lick the sea vegetables open, and then you can drink.

When you take the snail shell out of your mouth, just use seaweed to block the tip of the snail shell. This way, when the snail shell is put down, water will not enter the snail shell. It is considered drinking in the sea. A very convenient tool, and this kind of snail is specially used to hold wine, and wine is sold one by one.

When the little blue fish heard what Jiuling Lao wanted, his eyes couldn't help but light up. You must know that although what Jiuling Lao wanted was small, the price of the plate of purple seaweed was not cheap, and with the addition of Sansnail wine , these things he wants are worth a lot of money.

Old Jiuling sat there calmly. After a while, the little blue fish brought a plate of purple seaweed to him. The plate was quite large, about half a meter in diameter. It contained wine and purple seaweed. At the same time, He also took out three beautiful conch shells that were more than thirty centimeters high, with the largest lower part and a diameter of more than thirty centimeters, and placed them on the table.

Old Jiuling nodded, then waved his hand, took out a handful of golden shells, and placed them in front of the little blue fish. A look of shock appeared on the little blue fish's face, and then the little blue fish on his chest With a wave of his fins, those golden shells disappeared. Then he saluted Mr. Jiuling and said, "Thank you, guest." After that, he turned around and swam away.

This kind of golden shell is a kind of currency of Shenlonghai Kingdom. It is left after the death of a very beautiful golden shell. The number of this kind of golden shell is very small, and it can only be cultivated in the Dragon Palace, so it Naturally, it became a kind of currency in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Every golden shell was worth a lot. In the sea, it was called Jinbei.

After the little fish left, Elder Jiuling picked up a piece of seaweed and put it directly into his mouth to eat. The taste of this seaweed was very delicious, and Elder Jiuling had always liked to eat this kind of thing. Yes, I ate a few mouthfuls of seaweed, and after savoring it for a while, I picked up the snail and took a sip of wine. It was so simple and beautiful.

After eating for about two-quarters of an hour, a shadow suddenly appeared opposite Mr. Jiuling and sat down across the table. Mr. Jiuling glanced at the person sitting opposite. It was an octopus that was not very big. It looked like It was also gray and not conspicuous at all, but there was a smile on Old Jiuling's face. He then waved his hand and pushed an untouched shell next to him to the front of the octopus, and then another He picked up his shell and aimed at the octopus.

The octopus also quickly rolled up the shell with its tentacles, and also raised it towards Jiuling Lao, and then took a sip of wine. After the two put down the shell, the octopus looked at Jiuling Lao with some excitement on his face. He said: "Sir, you are finally willing to come to my place. If everyone comes this time, will you not leave?"

Jiuling Lao glanced at the man, smiled slightly and said: "I came to see you this time for something. It would be best for us to go back to your place to talk. It's not convenient to talk here." He said this very calmly, but he But he looked around and found that no one had noticed him, and he was relieved.

When the octopus heard what Jiuling said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then the joy on his face became even stronger, and he immediately said: "Okay, sir, please come with me." After that, he swam out directly. Jiuling When Lao Yi saw him like this, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. He knew that this octopus had such a quick temper, but he didn't expect that he was still like this after not seeing him for so many years, and he hadn't changed at all.

However, he didn't say anything. Instead, he moved and swam out. Once outside, the two of them swam forward. After a while, they arrived outside a small courtyard. The octopus pushed the courtyard. They opened the door and entered the courtyard directly. As soon as the two of them entered the courtyard, several heads stuck out from several rooms in the courtyard and looked at the two of them.

The octopus waved its tentacles, and all the heads retracted. It can be seen from the protruding heads that they are all octopuses, and they are all gray octopuses. But now those octopuses are a little curious. Many people looked at Jiuling Lao, and some people were still guessing about Jiuling Lao's identity.

Jiuling Lao and the octopus entered a room in the yard. This room was very special. The room had no floor. The ground was just a big hole. The octopus swam directly into the hole. Jiuling Lao kept on Following him, the two of them entered the cave one after another. Entering the cave was a long passage, very long, and the light inside was also very weak, but the body of the gray octopus in front slowly... It turned white, and at the same time, blue patterns appeared on it. The patterns flashed with light from time to time, which made the hole look not dark at all.