c7561 ten days

"Hahahaha, you called me sect master, which means you want to join our Blood Killing Sect. I recognize you as a person. As long as you don't betray me, then I won't do anything to you. You will You have ten days. After ten days, if you cannot lead the people in Pearl City to project, then Pearl City will no longer exist. You can directly join the Blood Killing Sect, but I will destroy Pearl City, so go ahead. "After saying that, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared.

Bafang looked at the place where Zhao Hai disappeared, with cold sweat breaking out on his head. He had heard Elder Jiuling say before that Zhao Hai was very powerful. He didn't believe it at first, but now he believes it. Although Zhao Hai just disappeared, it did not make Bafang feel too novel. After all, the people of the Blood Killing Sect all have external incarnations, and they can all use the portable teleportation array, and their portable teleportation arrays can also be used without being discovered. Any light, so their sudden disappearance is really nothing, and Bafang doesn't care much about this situation.

But for Zhao Hai's sudden appearance before, he didn't feel it at all. If Zhao Hai hadn't talked to him, he would never have discovered Zhao Hai. You must know that he is still very confident in his own strength. , and the octopus clan is very sensitive to the surrounding situation. In this case, he can't find Zhao Hai. It shows how powerful Zhao Hai is, so he is so afraid. .

Old Jiuling also let out a long sigh, and then turned to Bafang and said: "Bafang, you are lucky. The sect leader has spoken personally and given you ten days, so you can do it with confidence. After ten days, as long as you If you can lead all the people in Pearl City to surrender to the Blood Killing Sect, then you have done a great job. Go ahead, I won’t go with you. You can just go to this matter yourself. If I go, I might end up doing something wrong. Bad things will happen."

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he quickly said: "Sir, the sect leader promised to give me ten days, won't the others object? What if they are not convinced?" Bafang stayed in Shenlonghai Kingdom for too long. He was used to seeing people below obeying orders from above, so he was a little worried.

Jiuling Lao glanced at Bafang, and then said in a deep voice: "Bafang, you have to remember that you are now a member of the Blood Killing Sect, and you are no longer a member of the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Don't take away some of the people from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Problem, bring it to the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect is completely different from the Shenlonghai Kingdom, so you must remember that in the Blood Killing Sect, no one dares to disobey the sect leader. If you dare to disobey the sect leader, then You don’t need the sect leader to deal with you, you will be torn into pieces by countless disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In the Blood Killing Sect, the sect leader is God, and his words mean everything. You must remember this."

Bafang couldn't help but be startled when he saw Jiuling Lao's appearance, but he still nodded and said: "Yes, sir, I understand, please rest assured." He still doesn't know much about the Blood Killing Sect now. He didn't quite understand what was going on with the Blood Killing Sect, but what Old Jiuling said should be true. Of course he didn't dare to mess around, so he immediately agreed.

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said to Bafang: "Okay, as long as you understand, go ahead and remember, in ten days, even if you are unable to bring the people in Pearl City, they will all surrender to the Blood Killing Sect. You must also lead your tribe to surrender to the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise the sect master will treat you as a traitor. The Blood Killing Sect has never been soft on traitors, remember my words."

Bafang responded, and then Jiuling Lao nodded, and then he disappeared in a flash. Seeing Jiuling Lao disappear, Bafang also took a deep breath, and then he moved and walked straight towards Pearl He traveled to the city, and soon he entered Pearl City, and then passed through the secret passage and returned directly to the city lord's mansion.

After arriving at the City Lord's Mansion, Bafang immediately returned to his study, and then said to the servant next to him: "Go, invite all the elders in the clan to have a meeting in the small conference room, go ahead." The servant responded, then turned and left After a while, the servant returned to the study and said to Bafang: "Chief, all the elders have arrived in the conference room and are waiting for you."

Bafang nodded, then left the study and came to the conference room. This conference room was not very big and could only seat about twenty people. Now, there were only a dozen people in the entire conference room. These people, He is the elder of the Blue Light Octopus clan.

These blue-light octopuses all look similar. They are all octopuses, and they all have blue patterns on their bodies. The patterns are flashing. In fact, the patterns on the blue-light octopuses are all unique. There are no two blue-light octopuses. The patterns of the octopuses are the same, so outsiders may not know the difference between the blue-light octopus family, but the blue-light octopus family themselves are very clear about it, and they will never recognize each other.

As soon as the blue-light octopuses in the conference room saw Bafang coming, they all stood up and saluted to Bafang. The way they saluted was also very interesting. They used six tentacles to support their bodies, and then crossed two tentacles. At the same time, the head is slightly lowered, which is considered a salute.

Bafang waved his tentacles, and then said: "Okay, everyone is welcome. Please sit down. Someone, please pass the order. The area within a hundred steps of the conference room is a restricted area. Anyone who dares to enter will be killed on the spot." " Immediately there was a shout of cheers outside the door, and then a large number of people were seen, and they turned and left. There was not a single person within a hundred steps of the entire conference room.

After everything was done, Bafang turned to look at everyone and said: "I think everyone knows what I told everyone before. Why I told you so, I also told everyone, Lord Jiuling is here He came to me and asked me to go with him to meet the people of the Blood Killing Sect. I also went. To be honest, after seeing it, I really felt extremely lucky. Fortunately, Master Jiuling was here. Otherwise, we I don’t even know how these people really died.”

A blue-light octopus with a scar on his head said in a deep voice: "Clan leader, is it really that serious? Are the people of the Blood Killing Sect really that strong?" This blue-light octopus is a disciple of Bafang, named Bazu. He is a brave general in the Blue Light Octopus clan. His strength is inferior to that of Bafang, but he is willing to fight without risking his life. He is a warrior known for his bravery.

Bafang smiled bitterly and said: "I'd better tell you about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect has more than 60 billion disciples..." Following Bafang and the people of the Blue Light Octopus clan, they talked about some things in the Blood Killing Sect. The situation, of course, was all told to him by Jiuling, and some of them were seen by him himself.

This was said for two hours. After waiting for two hours, Bafang finished talking about what he had seen and heard in the Blood Killing Sect. Then he glanced at the stunned people, and then smiled bitterly and said: "Just when I was about to start from the Blood Killing Sect, When we came out of the Killing Sect, we also saw a battle between the Blood Killing Sect and the army sent by the Dragon King. You must not have imagined who the army sent by the Dragon King was."

No one could imagine it. Everyone looked at Bafang with curiosity. Bafang looked at everyone and couldn't help but smiled bitterly, and then said: "It's a striped shellfish." When he said these four words, he looked at the others With a glance at the blue-light octopus, those blue-light octopuses were stunned for a moment, and then suddenly became chaotic, and each of them looked extremely excited.

"Striped shellfish? Wasn't that thing eliminated? Why did it appear again? And it turned into the Dragon King's army? Brother, what on earth is going on?" Bazu shouted excitedly, but he knew it very well The scary thing about the striped shells is that back then, many people from the Blue Light Octopus clan died at the hands of the striped shells. How could he not be excited? So when he heard that the attack on the Blood Killing Sect was made by striped shells, Oh, that's why they are so angry.

Bafang stretched out two tentacles and pressed down, and everyone slowly calmed down. Then Bafang said: "It is indeed a striped shell. Back then, there was a huge outbreak of striped shells, and our Shenlonghai Kingdom suffered a huge loss. Tragically, many people from all major races died in the hands of the striped shells. Among them, we, Master Jiuling, suffered the most serious casualties. Later, it was the Dragon King himself who took action and gave away those striped shells. To be honest, I was really grateful to the Dragon King at the time, but now it seems that the truth may not be the case at all."

Having said this, Bafang paused for a moment, then he glanced at everyone and said: "When the spotted clam suddenly broke out, everyone said that the spotted clam broke out because of mutation, but no one thought about why the spotted clam exploded. The mutation, why was the spotted shellfish so difficult to deal with, quickly eliminated after the Dragon King took action? At that time, people thought it was because of the Dragon King's strength, but now it seems that things are not that simple."

"Now those striped shells have come to attack the Blood Killing Sect again. When Master Jiuling and I saw that it was the striped shells that came to attack the Blood Killing Sect, we really couldn't describe our feelings at that time. We immediately understood that this This matter must be related to the Dragon King. The mutation of the striped shellfish back then was also related to the Dragon King. The outbreak of striped shellfish was also related to the Dragon King. All of this may have been caused by the Dragon King, otherwise there is really no way to explain it all."

"Originally, we thought that in the face of the outbreak of striped shellfish, the Blood Killing Sect would have to ask their sect leader to take action and send out experts to deal with it together, so that the striped shellfish could be eliminated. However, we thought wrong. The Blood Killing Sect They didn't care about those striped shells at all. They actually sent a race we didn't know to attack the striped shells. What surprised me even more was that they actually won. Just before I came back, those people from the Blood Killing Sect, We are exterminating those spotted clams. I believe those spotted clams will not have long to live, because these spotted clams have really met their nemesis this time."

Having said this, Bafang's face was still ugly. He looked at everyone and said: "Although those striped shellfish have been eliminated, this matter will not be forgotten, especially for our blue-light octopus clan. Even more so, many masters of our clan died at the hands of the striped shell back then, which almost brought our clan to its knees. I still remember this matter now. I feel that now is the time to do something for our clan. People take revenge!”