c7560 beetle

"Okay, it has indeed become smaller. In other words, the alien clan is fine now, and it is very likely that they are counterattacking. Hahaha, great. I said that the alien clan will not let us down. They will definitely not let us down. We are disappointed." Sun Buyu looked at the data on the projection and laughed.

Jiang Shenglin and the others also had smiles on their faces. Jiang Shenglin turned to Sun Buyu and said, "Old Sun, what ability do you think the alien clan will get this time? Will it be that kind of powerful reproductive ability? If it is really that If we have this kind of ability, then our Blood Killing Sect will probably become dominated by the alien clan from now on."

Sun Buyu laughed loudly and said: "If that is the case, it would be better. By then, I am afraid that we will be able to sweep the world just relying on the alien clan. What about the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, what about the Wanshan Realm, We can clean up all the interfaces, and by that time, our Blood Killing Sect will really be able to dominate the world."

When Jiang Shenglin and the others heard what Sun Buyu said, they were slightly startled, and then they started laughing. In their opinion, Sun Buyu was right. If there really comes a day, then they can really kill the sect with blood. To dominate all realms, I am afraid that without that interface, I would be their opponent.

While they were talking, they saw that the Beishan Mountain was getting smaller at a faster speed. This time, it only took about two quarters of an hour for the Beishan Mountain to become much smaller. Sun Buyu and the others also focused all their attention on it. On Beishan Mountain, I then saw that Beishan Mountain seemed to have been exploded from the inside. I heard a loud bang and a big hole appeared on Beishan Mountain. Then I heard a silent and angry roar, and then They saw the aliens rushing out of the shell mountain one by one. After they rushed out of the shell mountain, Jiang Shenglin and the others noticed that all the aliens had black spots on their bodies. It was those striped shells. However, the aliens shook their bodies vigorously, and the striped shells fell down like raindrops from the aliens' bodies.

When Jiuling Lao and Bafang saw this situation, they were all stunned. They really didn't expect that those striped shells would fall from the alien's body. You must know that those striped shells are very sticky. Even if Even if they are dead, they will stick to the place where they were originally stuck. It is very difficult to get them off, but now those aliens shook their bodies and shook the striped shells. This really surprised them.

At this moment, countless black dots were suddenly seen flying out of the shell mountain and landing on the bodies of the aliens. This surprised both Jiulinglao and Bafang. They had to know that the mobility of the striped shells was not It's not very strong, and it can't be that fast. How can it fly to the alien family at such a fast speed? What's going on?

When they took a closer look, they saw clearly that those black spots were not striped clams, but small, bug-like things. These things looked very weird, and they looked like one by one. Like beetles, they have two carapaces on their backs. These two carapacees are just like the two shells of a shell, but they are a little different. They have six legs under their bodies and a head on their heads. Opening his mouth wide, he looked very ferocious.

Of course, Sun Buyu and the others also saw those beetles. They were a little confused and didn't know what they were. But then they understood what they were, and saw the aliens opening their mouths and roaring, and as they With this roar, those beetles, which were only half the size of a human palm, flew directly from the aliens, and then rushed straight towards the striped shellfish.

Those beetles landed on the pile of striped shells, then opened their big mouths, and started to bite the striped shells directly. The shells of those striped shells were actually very hard, but in the big mouths of those beetles In front of them, it seemed to be made of paper, and it was torn open by the beetles. Then the beetles ate the shell meat in one bite, and then came the second striped shell. After they had eaten five striped shells, , I saw that the beetle actually laid an egg, and after the egg was laid, it turned into a small beetle in a few breaths. Then as soon as the small beetle was born, it immediately began to attack the striped shell next to it. To attack, his mouth is so strong from birth that he can tear open the shells of striped clams and eat the shell meat inside. Every time they eat a piece of shell meat, their bodies will become a little bigger. After laying five striped shells, the small beetles have grown up and turned into large beetles. Then after these beetles eat five striped shells, they can directly lay eggs, and a new beetle is born. .

Although the reproductive capacity of the beetles is not as good as that of the striped shellfish, it is not much worse, and their attack power is stronger. Those striped shellfish can only absorb the opponent's energy if they touch something, but these beetles can take the initiative It attacks, and its attack power is very powerful.

No wonder Nabei Mountain is lowering. They have no way to attack those beetles, but those beetles can use them as food. In this case, of course, they cannot be the opponents of those beetles and will be eliminated by those beetles. If it falls off, that's normal.

At this time, the aliens did not stop. They still opened their mouths wide and kept swallowing the striped shells. After swallowing the striped shells, they would also lay a lot of eggs, and these eggs could also be eaten in a short time. Within a short period of time, it turned into a large number of beetles, and then attacked those striped shellfish. And Sun Buyu and the others also noticed another point, that is, a lot of striped shells have actually been stained on the bodies of the aliens, but as long as the aliens shake their bodies, those striped shells will immediately fall off their bodies. , it seems that there is no way to get involved with the alien clan.

Upon seeing this situation, Sun Buyu couldn't help but be startled. He immediately paid attention to the situation of the alien clan. Then he turned to Jiang Shenglin and the others and said, "It seems that the alien clan has evolved a new ability. Have you noticed that those striped shellfish have no way of getting on the bodies of the aliens? There seems to be an extra layer of mucous membrane on the scales of the aliens, but those aliens have no way of getting on that mucous membrane."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The ones on their bodies don't look like mucous membranes, but rather like the mucus on some fish, so there is no way for those striped clams to get on them. This is for us." Provided a way to deal with those striped shellfish, I think we can let Lao Wen and the others study the mucus on those aliens."

Sun Buyu nodded and said in a deep voice: "After this battle, let Lao Wen and the others study it." After saying that, he waved his hand, and the projection shrank once, and then fell on the screen nearby. Sun Buyu then He turned to Elder Jiuling and Bafang and said, "Elder Jiuling, Mr. Bafang, the battle situation outside has been decided now. If you two have anything, you can go and take care of it now. If you want to go to the front line, that's fine."

Both Jiuling Lao and Bafang shook their heads. Jiuling Lao said: "That's all, I won't go. Bafang and I still have something to do, so we'll leave first. We'll talk later." After that, he walked to Bafang's Next to him, Sun Buyu and the others cupped their fists and saluted, and then the two of them disappeared into the hall.

Sun Buyu looked at the backs of the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "It seems that this time those striped clams attacked us, but they did us a favor. Bafang looked a little hesitant before, but the way I looked at him just now It seems that there have been some changes, and I am afraid that the last bit of hesitation in his heart is gone."

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said solemnly: "I can also see that if Elder Jiuling can really succeed, then all the northern areas of the Dragon Realm will be ours, and we will save a lot of trouble." Jiang Shenglin and the others did not necessarily want to kill those sea tribesmen. As long as those sea tribesmen became theirs, they would be happy to accept it.

At this time, Jiuling Lao and Bafang had already arrived in the sea of ​​Shenlong Sea Kingdom. Jiuling Lao turned into a turtle again, and Bafang also turned into a gray octopus. Neither of them spoke, and they were silent all the way. They moved forward until they reached a hidden place not far outside Pearl City. The two of them stopped. Old Jiuling looked at Bafang and said: "Bafang, think about my proposal carefully and remember it. Yes, I can only buy you three to five days at most, so let’s calculate it based on the longest time, which is only five days. After five days, I hope you can come here to give me an answer, and I’m leaving.”

Bafang looked at Old Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "Sir, you don't have to wait for five days. I can answer you now. I agree to join the Blood Killing Sect. Today, the things about the striped shellfish have made it clear to me. The outbreak of striped shellfish is probably related to the Dragon King. In this case, what else do I have to think about, so I agreed to join the Blood Killing Sect, but there are really many spies of the Dragon King in Pearl City. Those guys have been monitoring us, so I have to go back, deal with those guys first, and then pacify the entire Pearl City and let the people in Pearl City follow us, so I need ten days, ten days After that, I will bring the entire Pearl City to join the Blood Killing Sect, so sir, please talk to the people of the Blood Killing Sect carefully after you go back, I really need ten days."

Before Jiuling Lao could answer, he heard a voice saying: "Okay, I will give you ten days. As long as you sincerely join the Blood Killing Sect, there will be no problem. Even if you give it ten days, Afterwards, I won’t blame you for not being able to take Pearl City with you to join the Blood Killing Sect. As long as you don’t go back on your word, I will give you these ten days.”

This voice appeared very suddenly. Bafang couldn't help but be startled when he heard the voice, and Old Jiuling was also startled. He turned his head and looked around, only to find a man standing not far away looking at the two of them. Elder Jiuling immediately saluted the man and said, "Elder Jiuling has met the sect master."

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately understood the identity of the person. That person must be Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. He also quickly saluted Zhao Hai and said, "See you in Bafang." Pass the sect master.”