c7565 Out of town

After a while, Old Jiuling arrived at the headquarters. After meeting Bafang and the others, he led Bafang and the others into the Xuanwu Space and visited the Xuanwu Space with them. As soon as they left, Sun Buyu said to Jiang Shenglin: "Lao Jiang, do you think Bafang and the others really brought those people to visit our Blood Killing Sect?"

Jiang Shenglin said solemnly: "There is this aspect. Of course, I think they just want to give it a try to see if our Blood Killing Sect really wants to accept them. If they find that our Blood Killing Sect has any intention of going back on their word, , they can also fight us directly, since they are already organized now."

"Hahahaha, I don't think they have that kind of courage, but we don't have any ill intentions towards them. Let them do whatever they want. Let's go and see the situation on the southern front. I really didn't expect that. After we took care of those striped clams, the enemy not only showed no intention of stopping, but even stopped attacking us again and again, and the number was not large. What do you think they wanted to do?"

Jiang Shenglin shook his head and said: "It's really hard to say, but no matter what, we just need to do our job well. When the things in the north are resolved, we should be thinking about the things in the south. I really I don’t believe what kind of tricks can be played there in the south.”

Sun Buyu laughed loudly, but he didn't say anything. He was still very confident in the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. He believed that they would be the victor in the end, so they were not in a hurry and followed their own pace, step by step. They have the confidence to move forward so that they can defeat the enemy sooner or later.

Jiuling Lao took Bafang and the others to visit the Blood Killing Sect, which went very smoothly. Although they had already visited the Blood Killing Sect once, Bafang still felt very shocked when they saw the situation of the Blood Killing Sect for the second time. , the area of ​​​​the Blood Killing Sect is really too big, there are too many people, and the education method is really too special, all of which shocked Bafang and others.

The people who came with Bafang were even more shocked than Bafang. After all, Bafang had already been to the Suicide Sect, but they had never been to the Blood Killer Sect, so they were even more surprised by the situation of the Blood Killer Sect. They had never been to the Blood Killer Sect. They never thought that there would be such a force in this world, so they all looked at it with fascination.

After several people visited the Blood Slaughter Sect for a few hours, Jiuling received a message from Sun Buyu, telling them that the Blood Slaughter Sect's army was now only about a hundred miles away from Pearl City, and asked them if they wanted to go out. Upon hearing what Sun Buyu said, Jiuling immediately led Bafang and the others to the Dragon Realm.

After arriving at the frontline headquarters, they learned about the situation. Mr. Jiuling immediately led Bafang and the others out of the frontline headquarters and went directly to the outside of Pearl City. When they arrived outside Pearl City, they saw that the Blood Killing Sect's army had indeed already arrived. It is less than a hundred miles away from Pearl City, and even some disciples of the alien clan have already arrived outside Pearl City, but have not entered the city.

When Bafang saw this situation, he couldn't help but breathed a sigh of relief. He immediately said to Jiuling Lao and a few others: "Sir, let's go in. I think the things in the city have almost been solved. Let's go to the city." After that, tell them, and then everyone can leave the city. It’s just adults, those of us joined the Blood Killing Sect, don’t know where the Blood Killing Sect will take care of us? We are the sea tribe, although we can leave the water , but to be honest, we still prefer to stay in the water.”

Jiuling Lao smiled and said: "Don't worry, the Blood Killer Sect has a good place to protect us. You should have seen that the Blood Killer Sect has such a big sea, and how many people can be arranged in that sea, don't say it's just us. These people, even if they are the entire Dragon Realm, there will be no problem if they all enter the sea of ​​the Blood Killing Sect."

When Bafang heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help but nodded when he thought about the endless sea of ​​the Blood Killing Sect. What Elder Jiuling said was absolutely correct. The sea in the Blood Killing Sect is indeed very huge. , arranging them should be no problem at all, so Bafang doesn’t have anything to worry about.

Then several people entered the city directly. The atmosphere in the city was now very tense. The people of the Blue Light Octopus clan and the other races in the city were all ready to fight to the death. The leader was Ba Zu, as soon as Bazu saw Bafang and the others coming back, as soon as he saw Old Jiuling standing next to Bafang, he quickly saluted to Old Jiuling and said, "Bazu has met you, sir. How are you always?"

Bazu also knows Old Jiuling, and he is not too young. When Old Jiuling was in power, he also met Old Jiuling, so now he naturally recognizes Old Jiuling at a glance. Elder Ling was also very grateful, because Elder Jiuling had also given him guidance back then. Elder Jiuling was famous for being good at supporting younger people here in Shenlonghai Kingdom.

Jiuling Lao quickly helped Bazu up and said: "Bazu, it's you, hahahaha, I really didn't expect that you have become a master on your own now. Not bad, not bad. It seems that you have been working very hard these years. , Okay, okay, I said back then, your talent is no worse than your elder brother, and your kid didn’t waste your talent, which is good, very good.”

When Bazu heard what he said, he couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed. He quickly said: "With eldest brother in front of me, I naturally dare not relax even a little bit. At last, I have lived up to your expectations, sir." Old Jiuling was indeed true back then. Those words were what he said, and those words were the driving force behind his progress over the years.

Jiu Linglao patted Bazu's head twice hard, then turned his head and glanced at the eyes of the blue-light octopus clan following Bazu, as well as the people in Pearl City who followed the blue-light octopus clan. Old Ling couldn't help but smile bitterly, then turned his head and glanced in all directions.

Of course Bafang understood what Jiuling Lao meant, and he immediately asked Bazu: "Have you done what I asked you to do?" What he is most concerned about now is whether Bazu has done what he asked Bazu to do before. If Bazu didn't do it, then the matter would be a little difficult. If Bazu had done it, then the matter would be a little simpler.

Bazu quickly said: "Everything has been done, and there was no blood. Don't worry, brother." After Bazu came back, he immediately arrested all those who were unwilling to join the Blood Killing Sect, even those who resisted. They were not given a chance, so the matter was resolved very smoothly. Of course, the most important thing was that the number of those people was very small and they could not be the opponents of the Blue Light Octopus family, so this situation occurred.

When Bafang heard what he said, he couldn't help but be overjoyed, and then immediately said: "Okay, it would be best if there is no blood." Then Bafang's figure moved, swam up a few times, and then stopped there, He looked at everyone in Pearl City and said loudly: "Everyone, I know you are still a little worried about joining the Blood Killing Sect. We just visited the Blood Killing Sect, so I won't say more nice things. Let's ask some of them to introduce the situation of the Blood Killing Sect." After saying that, he stood down and then pushed out the representatives of various clans in the city.

Those people didn't show any stage fright when they arrived, and directly told them what they had seen and heard in the Blood Slaughter Sect. Once they heard what these people said, the people in the city were relieved, because what these people said was different from what they had said before. What a difference, this is enough to see that what Bafang said before is also true.

When these people spoke, Bafang swam to a high place again, looked at everyone and said: "Everyone, the people of the Blood Killing Sect have arrived outside the city. If you don't have any objections, then we will leave the city now. Directly follow the arrangements of the Blood Killing Sect disciples and enter the Blood Killing Sect. As for Pearl City, it will be handed over to the Blood Killing Sect people from now on. Do you have any opinions?" Bafang is really afraid that at this time, Something was going on, so when I said this, I kept looking around in the crowd, fearing that someone would suddenly come out to object.

Although the people in Pearl City were a little reluctant to give up, they did not object, so all of them remained silent. When Bafang saw that no one said anything, he then continued: "If everyone has no objection, then this matter will be settled. Let's take action." Then he fell down and said to Bafang: " Bazu, you lead the people out, and there will be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to meet you outside, just follow their arrangements."

Bazuo responded and led the blue-light octopus clan to the outside of the city first. When the other races saw that the blue-light octopus clan had left first, they did not stay any longer, although they all looked around the city with some reluctance. He glanced at the things, but also walked out. Under the command of Bafang and the others, everyone was proceeding in an orderly manner without any trouble.

Bazu led the people of the Blue Light Octopus clan out of Pearl City, and saw the people of the Alien clan. As soon as the disciples of the Alien clan saw them coming out, they immediately stepped aside to leave the road in the middle for them. When they came out, the leader was Shu Feng. Shu Feng said to Ba Zu: "Friends of the Blue Light Clan, please keep going forward along this road. There will be someone inside to meet you."

Bazu thanked him, and then led the people of the Blue Light Octopus Clan to swim forward along the road vacated by the Alien Clan. As he swam forward, Bazuo paid attention to the strength of the Alien Clan. He discovered that these people Their strength doesn't seem to be weak, and coupled with their temperament, it is certain that none of these people are easy to mess with.

He had just swam forward less than a hundred miles when he saw a group of people wearing armor standing there. Behind them was a huge magic circle. As soon as those people saw the eight-legged people, there was someone there immediately. He came up and saluted Bazu and said, "Friends of the Blue Light Clan, please come up to the teleportation array." After saying that, he gave up the passage and asked Bazu and the others to go up to the teleportation array.

Bazu thanked them once, and then led the people of the Blue Light Octopus clan to the teleportation array first. After they arrived at the teleportation array, they disappeared directly, and then the next group of people entered the teleportation array. Array, and then they also disappeared in the teleportation array, followed by the next group of people. In the next group of people, this teleportation array can teleport 10,000 people at a time. As long as people go up, they will disappear directly into the teleportation array at a very fast speed. Very fast.