c7563 time up

Bafang sat on the main seat of the city lord's palace, looked at the people of the Blue Light Octopus clan below, and said in a deep voice: "Now that we have dealt with all those people sent by the Dragon King, this is equivalent to With our escape route cut off, we can only move forward now, so I have two plans now. One is to tell the people in the city with all their strength about the benefits of joining the blood show, so that the people in the city can People, join the Blood Killing Sect with us. It would be best if all the people in the city could join the Blood Killing Sect with us. As long as we can get them to join the Blood Killing Sect, I can let you try no matter what method you use. For a moment, if someone really doesn’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect, then I have no choice. Remember, we only have ten days. Although the operation last night went very smoothly, we can’t be proud. You should be very clear. If we want to attack the Blood Killing Sect, we can join now. Why should I bring the people in the city to join? It’s just to let the people in the city die less. If they don’t join the Blood Killing Sect, I’m afraid they will have to wait for the Blood Killing Sect. When Zong comes, they will have no way to survive.”

Hearing what Bafang said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he said: "Brother, isn't the Blood Killing Sect also a sect? Don't they want to rule the Dragon World? If they really want to rule the Dragon World, then they should not You’re going to kill people in the city, right?”

Bafang shook his head and said: "You don't know, those people from the Blood Killing Sect are very domineering. In their eyes, if you are not one of our own, then you are our enemy. In other words, if you don't join us , then you are our enemy. When dealing with enemies, the Blood Killing Sect will generally not be soft and will kill them directly, so what I said is not an exaggeration at all. If they do not want to join the Blood Killing Sect, then their consequences will be I’m afraid there’s only one way to die.”

Having said this, Bafang sighed and said: "You may not know the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, but I know it very well. To be honest, from what I have seen, it is no less than a master of Jiuling. There are hundreds of them, and that’s not all, and the strength of the leader of the Blood Killing Sect is even more unfathomable. Facing such a force, to be honest, we really have no power to resist, and like this The power is indeed capable of being domineering."

When everyone heard what he said, they were all shocked. They knew very well the strength of Elder Jiuling. At that time, Elder Jiuling was the second master of Shenlonghai Kingdom. After so many years, until now, they believe in his strength. He is the second master of the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, and there are hundreds of masters of the Blood Killing Sect who are comparable to him. Such strength is indeed very astonishing.

Bafang said in a deep voice: "It's good that you know, don't say anything more, remember, we must persuade some people in the city to join the Blood Killing Sect with us, any method will do, even if they hate us now , they will also be grateful to us in the future, do you understand what I mean?"

Everyone agreed in unison, and then Bafang continued: "Okay, just understand. Let's take action. I won't say anything more. Remember, we only have less than ten days now." Everyone responded at once, then they all stood up, saluted, and then turned and left.

After everyone left, Bafang sighed softly. He also knew the thoughts of the Blue Light Octopus clan. If he had not followed Jiuling Lao in person and went to the Blood Killing Sect to see the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, he would not have I believe what Old Jiuling said, but after following Old Jiuling to see the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, he really doesn’t want to be an enemy of the Blood Killing Sect at all. But when he told his tribe members, It can only be said that it is precisely because of this that his tribe behaves as it does now, but this is what he is most worried about.

Bafang is worried that if those tribesmen don't believe him, they may suffer a loss from the Blood Killing Sect. If one person does this wrong and really offends the Blood Killing Sect, the consequences will be really unimaginable. He knew the strength of the Killing Clan, and it really didn't take much effort to destroy them.

However, he is confident about his position in the hearts of his tribe. He believes that his tribe will definitely do what he said and do it well. As long as they can do it well, that's fine. When the time comes, he will do it well. You can lead your clan members to join the Blood Killing Sect. No matter what happens to the people in Pearl City, at least their Blue Light Octopus clan can be saved.

Just like what he said, whether it is tied up or lied, as long as the people in Pearl City join the Blood Killing Sect, it will be considered a win. He does not believe that anyone is joining. After killing the blood sect, he would still think about leaving. If there really was such a person, then his spirit would not be normal.

Bafang really guessed it right. Although the people of the Blue Light Octopus clan did not completely believe Bafang's words, they did not follow Bafang's instructions, but did their best to do what Bafang ordered. The people inside started mobilizing, using various excuses to persuade people in the city to join the Blood Killing Sect with them.

The people in the city didn't know much about the Blood Killing Sect at first, and they didn't know what kind of force it was. The Blue Light Octopus Clan didn't lie to them, so they told them directly that the Blood Killing Sect was the one blocking them in front of them. The newly emerged force between the Dragon Palace and the Dragon Palace is the force they want to join now. At the same time, he also began to tell those people how powerful the Blood Killing Sect was, what were the benefits of joining the Blood Killing Sect, and so on.

Of course, just saying this is not enough. The Blue Light Octopus clan also said some other things. For example, if you don’t join the Blood Killing Sect, the Blood Killing Sect will not care about you in the future. When you come to take over Pearl City, you will not only get no benefits at all, but you will also be punished if you don't do it well and become the Manu tribe. The Nu tribe is a name for the Hai tribe here. Everyone knows that the slave tribe has nothing, even their Life is not theirs, but their master's, so no sea tribe wants to become a slave.

Moreover, the Blue Light Octopus clan also told those people that if you don’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect, even if you escape, you will not have any good results, because here in Pearl City, all the Dragon King’s men have been captured by them. Kill them. Even if they escape, if the Dragon King finds out that they are from Pearl City, he will probably not let them go. Instead of doing that, it would be better to join the Blood Killing Sect.

If they want to run away, it is impossible. Now the Blood Killing Sect has occupied the area between them and the Dragon Palace. If they want to escape to the Dragon Palace, they can only pass through that area, but who can guarantee that they can Pass through that area, if you can't pass through that area, then wait to die.

Anyway, now the Blue Light Octopus clan is using all methods to get as many people in the city to join them in the Blood Killing City. It was not very smooth at first, but gradually some people in the city were tempted. These are the people who have a better relationship with the Blue Light Octopus Clan. They know that the Blue Light Octopus Clan will not harm them, so they are willing to do so. Joining the Blood Killing Sect with the Blue Light Octopus Clan is a good start.

With them taking the lead, many people in the city are willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, and the number is increasing. After all, people have a herd mentality. Seeing that everyone is willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, they are naturally very happy. , they are naturally willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, and only a few are unwilling.

Time passed day by day, and ten days passed in the blink of an eye. Ten days later, when Bafang was about to give Zhao Hai a reply, 90% of the people in the city were already willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, and the remaining The remaining 10% are die-hards who are unwilling to join the Blood Killing Sect. There is nothing anyone can do about this situation.

But now that the time has come, Bafang can no longer wait. He directly led five people from the Blue Light Octopus clan and five representatives from the city and swam out from Pearl City, heading straight towards the Blood Slaughter Sect base. They swam over, but they had just left the city about a thousand miles away when they discovered that a large number of people were swimming towards them in front of them. This made Bafang and the others stunned for a moment, and then they immediately became nervous and became wary of anyone.

At this moment, a big strange fish appeared in front of them. The strange fish was really strange. Not only did it have horns, but it also had legs. It looked indescribably weird, and theirs In his eyes, there was an extremely ferocious light flashing, making people feel like they were afraid to look directly.

Others don't know this kind of strange fish, but Bafang knows it. He has seen this kind of strange fish in danger. These strange fish are nothing else. They are the alien clan of the Blood Killing Sect. He has seen aliens before. To be honest, when he saw the alien clan dealing with the spotted shells, he decided that he could not offend the alien clan no matter what. It was too scary, so now when he saw what appeared here, The faces of the alien clan and Bafang changed.

At this moment, a strange fish stopped and looked coldly in all directions with a pair of eyes. Then his body stood up and in the blink of an eye, he turned into a big man over seven feet tall. He was wearing a black armor. He glanced at it coldly, and then said in a deep voice: "But in front of Elder Bafang?"

Stunned, he immediately stood up and turned into an octopus man. He cupped his fists at the big man and said, "It's Bafang. What do you call me?" He was very polite to the alien clan. He knew that none of these guys were easy to mess with, so he kept his attitude low.

The big man looked at Bafang, and also clasped his fists and said: "A disciple of the alien clan, Shu Feng has met Bafang Elder, Bafang Elder, but you want to return to the sect?" Obviously, the big man also knew Bafang. The reason why he called Bafang was It's just a touch of recognition.

Bafang was very curious that Shu Feng could recognize him. You must know that the blue-light octopus clan almost all look the same. Except for the different patterns on their bodies, there is no difference. Most people can't tell them apart. There was something different about him, so he was a little surprised that Shu Feng could recognize him. 8)