c7567 careful

Bafang originally thought that he wanted to find a room here, but before he could find it, he heard Jiuling Lao smile and say: "Bafang, you don't have to look for a room here. Your room should be in the sect." Next to the main hall of the door, if you join the Blood Killing Sect this time, you should get the position of a branch elder. This status is already very high in the Blood Killing Sect, so your room should not be here, but in the future You may still be in charge of the blue-light octopus clan."

Hearing what Jiuling Lao said, Bafang couldn't help but be startled, and then he couldn't help but frowned slightly and said: "Sir, there is no problem in living where you said, but I am a sea tribe, and I want to stay in the water. "Here, if you don't let me stay in the water, I will feel very uncomfortable. Do you think this matter can be solved?"

Jiuling Lao smiled and said: "This is not a problem. Haven't you also seen the place where I live? Do you feel that it is more comfortable to go to the place where I live than to stay in the water? That's because Where I live, there is a water element array, so you will feel very comfortable when you go to where I live, and it should be the same where you live."

Bafang took a deep breath and then said: "If that's really the case, that would be great. To be honest, I really never thought that there would be such a sect in this world. Sect, the treatment of the Blood Killing Sect is really good, I really doubt how they can continue to run a sect like this."

Jiuling Lao thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "I have thought about this problem before. I was a little confused at first, but then I figured it out. I told you, what is the Blood Killing Sect like? treatment, but have you noticed that there are many things in the treatment of the Blood Killer Sect that can actually be reborn?"

He paused for a moment, then pointed to the seaweed and said: "Those seaweeds contain a lot of spiritual energy and taste very good. These can replace pills, and I believe everyone will like them." After that, he pointed to the metal piece on his forehead, and then said: "Foli metal is a metal that can grow and shrink by itself. With this kind of metal, how many magical weapons are needed in the Blood Killing Sect?" , it doesn’t matter how many external incarnations you want, because this kind of metal can grow by itself, it is almost endless, and the exercises and other things are just there, and anyone who wants to learn them can learn them, and you don’t have to learn them. After that, I couldn’t study anymore, so it wasn’t a problem at all.”

Having said this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but show a look of admiration on his face. He looked in all directions, and then said: "I asked before, the Blood Killing Sect is what it is today, all because of the sect leader. It can be said that the Blood Killing Sect is what it is today. All these things in the sect were created by the sect leader. In the past, the sect felt that its research on elixirs could not keep up with the development of the sect, so now the sect is vigorously researching elixirs. I also asked about it. Let’s talk about the research on elixirs. To be honest, after asking about it, I was really shocked, because the quantity and quality of the medicinal materials taken out by the sect were really surprising. There are all kinds of rare treasures in the sect. Have you ever thought about how helpful this is to the sect’s elixir research? There is also the real illusion I mentioned to you before. "

Jiuling Lao took a long breath, with a hint of admiration on his face, and said in a very pious voice: "The real illusion can be said to be the greatest invention of the Blood Killing Sect, because with the real illusion, many people Things can be saved, just like this time's research on elixirs. After people understand the medicinal properties of those medicinal materials, they will directly input these medicinal properties into the real illusion, and then place the test location in the real illusion. , in the real illusion, that kind of medicinal materials will be automatically produced, because everything there is fake, but the results are almost the same as the real situation. In other words, the results of any experiments done there will almost never be the same outside. You can get the same results, and you didn't waste medicinal materials for testing, so now the sect's elixir testing is going very smoothly."

Having said this, Old Jiuling paused for a moment, then turned to Bafang and said: "With these things, do you think the treatment of the Blood Killing Sect can be bad? Not to mention us elders, even those ordinary disciples, those Servants, those dead soldiers, their treatment is much better than that in Shenlonghai Kingdom, because many things may be very common in their eyes, but when they arrive in Shenlonghai Kingdom, they become very rare. Things, this is the most terrifying thing about the Blood Killing Sect."

Bafang was shocked when he heard this. He still knew too little about the Blood Killing Sect. What he knew before was just some superficial knowledge. Now that he heard what Jiuling Lao said, he realized how powerful the Blood Killing Sect was. Du, he couldn't help but look forward to it. He really wanted to get to know it better and see what the real strength of the Blood Killing Sect was.

However, Bafang still said: "Sir, it is really amazing that the Blood Killing Sect can reach this point, but I really want to know why they can reach this point. This is incredible. ." Bafang still can't figure out why the Blood Killing Sect can get to where it is today, and their Shenlonghai Kingdom has been developing for many years, but they have never been able to reach the level of the Blood Killing Sect. This makes How could he not be surprised.

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "It's nothing. I think the biggest reason why the Blood Killing Sect can reach this level is accumulation. They have also accumulated for countless years before they can reach the level of success they have today." Moreover, since the day the Blood Killing Sect became a sect, they have been under the leadership of Zhao Hai. The entire sect’s strength was twisted into a rope by Zhao Hai, so they can achieve such results today. .”

Bafang nodded. He still knew too little about the Blood Killing Sect, and Elder Jiuling didn't know much about the Blood Killing Sect. Because of this, they only knew a little about the Blood Killing Sect now. It's just fur, so he can't find out anything even if he asks now.

Old Jiuling also knew that he couldn't say anything now, so he turned to Bafang and said: "Bafang, we will stay here for a while, and when everyone is settled, we will leave, but I guess , when this matter is resolved, the sect leader will come to confirm everyone's identity and distribute benefits, then this matter will be truly completed."

Bafang nodded and said: "That's fine, but I don't know what the situation is like outside. After all, the sect is fighting with the Dragon King now, and although there is only one big city in the north of Dragon Realm, our Pearl City, but outside There are still many people, and there should be many people who have not entered the Blood Killing Sect with us. This matter will also cause a lot of headaches. If the sect wants to completely control the northern part of the Dragon Realm, it will probably take some time. time."

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Actually, I'm not very worried about this matter. The sect has its own methods. The sect has not dealt with the Dragon Realm interface before. They are very good at this aspect." They are still very experienced. What I am worried about are actually these people coming from Pearl City. You must pay more attention to these people."

Bafang was stunned for a moment, then looked at Jiuling Lao Dao with some confusion: "Sir, you mean, those people who originally didn't want to join the Blood Killing Sect but were forcibly brought here by us? They might cause trouble? Probably not Yes, the environment here is so good, they shouldn’t be making trouble.”

Old Jiuling shook his head and said: "Those who don't want to join the Blood Killing Sect are just people who can't leave their homeland. In fact, there is nothing to worry about. What is really worrying is actually those who are not causing trouble. I I know, you think that all the people sent by the Dragon King to Pearl City have been caught by you all these years, and no one has escaped the net, but can you really guarantee it? Do those people think that they are here, but they are actually still here? Can they send a message to the Dragon King? What if they also make excuses to return to the Dragon Realm and then send a message to the Dragon King? This may bring you some trouble, so these are the things you should pay attention to. "

Bafang's face changed, and then he shook his head and said: "Probably not, now we are no longer in the Dragon Realm, those people won't be stupid, they still want to report to the Dragon King here, right? If they are really that If you do, then aren’t they stupid? I’m really not worried about this.”

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "It's better to be careful. You should pay attention to these people from Pearl City recently to see if they have any unusual movements. If there are any unusual movements, they may use various excuses to ask for When you return to the Dragon Realm, you must pay attention to anyone who has such a request. It would be better for you to discover this kind of thing than to let the people of the sect discover it first. If the people of the sect discover it first, then what will happen to them? You are at a great disadvantage."

Bafang nodded. He understood what Jiuling Lao meant. If he discovered various things first, whether he handled it himself or left it to the sect, it would not have any impact on him. But if he didn't If the sect discovers it, it will be difficult to deal with it. If the other party takes a bite, it will be even worse. If the thief takes a bite, it will penetrate three points to the bone. They have just joined the Blood Killing Sect. , it is best not for such a thing to happen, otherwise, it will be of no benefit to him at all.

Jiuling Lao looked at Bafang, patted his shoulder hard and said: "The Blood Killing Sect and the Shenlonghai Kingdom are two completely different worlds. Here, you don't have to worry about anything at all, as long as you If you don’t betray the sect or do anything excessive, you won’t be punished, and you will find that your practice will get faster and better. I guarantee you won’t regret it. .”

When Bafang heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Sir, I have always believed in you, otherwise I would not have come out with you in the first place. But please forgive me, I still had some small ideas of my own at the beginning. After all, I A decision related not only to myself, but also to the entire Blue Light Octopus family, I have to be careful, please don’t be angry with me."