c7568 Task

Old Jiuling laughed loudly and said in a deep voice: "There is nothing to be angry about. It means you are mature. I think now, you can almost understand some of the decisions I made before, because a decision of yours is not just about relationships. When it comes to yourself, it also affects the lives of many people, so you can’t make any decisions easily, you must be cautious and cautious.”

Bafang nodded. When he first met Jiuling Lao, he was not the leader of the Blue Light Octopus Clan, so he thought less at that time. Although he later became the leader of the Blue Light Octopus Clan, it was because He was young and thought less. It was not until later that he had been the leader of the Jinjian clan for a long time and experienced several things. Only then did he realize that this clan leader was not that easy to be. It seemed that he was very It's very simple and very beautiful. Everyone below you will listen to what you say, but when you see countless tribesmen dying because of your order, you won't feel that this is a simple thing.

In the words of Jiuling Lao, this is maturity, but to be honest, Bafang really doesn't like this feeling. It is completely different from their personality. He may prefer the kind of life of pleasure and grudges, but that kind of In terms of character, there is no problem in being a hero, but if you want to be a clan leader, it is completely impossible. It will only bring destruction to his clan.

Thinking of this, Bafang couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he turned his head and took a look at the people in the city. He found that the people in the city were choosing houses in a hurry, and everyone had a trace of panic and a trace of panic on their faces. Looking forward to it, Bafang suddenly felt that he seemed to be very relaxed now, because now they all joined the Blood Killing Sect, and he no longer had to worry about the affairs of his own people. He knew that the Blood Killing Sect treated all disciples the same, and in the future he Even if he can manage the Blue Light Octopus clan, I am afraid that the sect cannot let him control it like this all the time. He will be more relaxed in the future.

But at the same time, he was also worried about whether his decision would be good or bad for the blue-light octopus clan. It was really hard to say, and it would have to wait and see in the future. Thinking of this, Bafang couldn't help but sigh again. Only time will prove whether this choice is right or not. He may become the hero of the Blu-ray Octopus clan, or he may become the eternal sinner of the Blu-ray Octopus clan.

Jiuling Lao is also a man who has matured with age. When he saw Bafang's current appearance, he knew what Bafang was thinking. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "What? Are you still worried? There is nothing to worry about, really, anyway. We have now joined the Blood Killing Sect. No matter what happens in the future, we will keep going. And I don’t think the Blood Killing Sect will go too far. After all, there are not only monks in the Blood Killing Sect. , and there are many other races, so they will not target us, because in that case, it will also chill the hearts of other races."

Bafang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, if they really do that, it will not be of any benefit to the sect. Moreover, there are so many sea tribes here. If the sect really deals with us, If so, those sea tribes may also endanger themselves. I don’t think the sect master would do such a thing.”

"You're right, I won't do such a thing." A voice suddenly came, startling Bafang and Jiuling. They turned around and found Zhao Hai standing not far behind them. They were looking at them with a smile on their faces. Their expressions changed. They knew very well that those words just now were not suitable for Zhao Hai to hear, because those words were not good words. Zhao Hai heard that it would be of no benefit to them, so now both of them felt very uneasy.

Zhao Hai looked at the two of them and didn't care. He just smiled slightly and said: "Okay, there is nothing to worry about you. You have just joined the Blood Killing Sect. It is normal to have some fear about the unknown of life. I I don’t blame you. After the place is settled, I will send people over to register everyone, issue them identity cards, give them some benefits, and then give them corresponding identities based on their strength. Bafang, you can Let’s be a branch elder first.”

Bafang responded. He didn't know much about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, so he didn't know what level this branch elder was, but Elder Jiuling knew. He heard what Zhao Hai said, He couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. Although he was not a core elder, it was pretty good to get a branch elder. This meant that Zhao Hai still attached great importance to the Blue Light Octopus clan.

Zhao Hai looked at the people in the city who were still looking for houses they liked, and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Actually, these cities in the sea were only built by the Hai people in recent years. Originally, there were no cities in the sea, because the sea There would not be any conflicts between tribes, and there was no need for cities to exist. But later people discovered that everyone lived together and could communicate with each other. In this way, cities slowly appeared. It seems that no matter where they are, , the emergence of cities is inevitable.”

Jiuling Lao and Bafang all responded in unison. They really didn't know what Zhao Hai meant by saying this. Zhao Hai glanced at them and smiled slightly: "The Sea Clan of the Blood Killing Sect, maybe with The Sea Clan in your impression is a little different, so don’t worry about it. Just adapt to it slowly. I believe that your life will get better and better.” The two of them agreed at the same time, and of course they wouldn’t say anything. If you object, if you say those words now, you are making yourself uncomfortable.

Zhao Hai turned to look at the people in the city, then sighed softly and said: "In the past, there was still too little concern for the Hai Clan. In the future, we must pay more attention to this aspect, so that the people of the Hai Clan and the sect can Communicate more, so that they can truly integrate with other disciples, take your time, don't rush."

Jiuling Lao and Bafang didn't even nod their heads this time, but stood quietly behind Zhao Hai, because they felt that this kind of thing was beyond their control, so Jiuling Lao and Bafang didn't speak, they just stood quietly. Standing there quietly, in their opinion, the situation here of the Hai Clan is now very good, and Zhao Hai still can't say enough, which makes them a little surprised.

Zhao Hai then glanced at the two of them, and then said in a deep voice: "When the situation here stabilizes, I am going to let you and other Sea Clan elders form a team to specifically manage the situation here of the Sea Clan, so that the Hai Clan can The Sea Clan is truly integrated with other disciples. Of course, this also has a prerequisite, which is to solve the problem of the Sea Clan needing water. The Sea Clan is the most comfortable in the water. We originally had a solution in this regard, but I I think it’s not good enough, and I will slowly improve it. Don’t say what I’m telling you today, just keep it in mind. At the same time, you also need to understand what the Sea Tribe needs most now, and what kind of things are there? This is what the Sea Clan wants most. When the meeting comes, we can put it forward, and then we can improve together."

Jiuling Lao and Bafang both nodded. Zhao Hai took another look at the situation in the city, and then said: "I'll leave this to you. If you have anything, you can go directly to Chang Jun and he will solve it for you." ." After saying that, Zhao Hai's figure had disappeared from the place.

It wasn't until Zhao Hai left that Jiuling Lao and Bafang heaved a sigh of relief. To be honest, they had seen the Dragon King before. They had never felt this way in front of the Dragon King. Now they were really surprised. , because they felt that they didn't even dare to express their anger in front of Zhao Hai.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang looked at each other and laughed, but they were also very happy, because Zhao Hai has assigned them a task now, which means that Zhao Hai attaches great importance to them, which is very important to them. He said it was a good thing, so both of them were very happy.

Although the city is very chaotic now, there are enough houses in the city, and there are also the Sea Clan disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to help, so although it is chaotic, the houses are quickly divided, and everyone is very interested in the new ones. The environment was still very satisfactory. After the houses were divided, each of them got a jade slip. This jade slip contained the rules of the Blood Killing Sect. They must write down these things because they will If they want to live in the Blood Killing Sect, they must not make any of the mistakes in this jade slip, otherwise they will be punished.

After doing this, more disciples from the Sea Clan came to the city and began to register all the people in the city. At the same time, they issued identity cards to them, and then determined their strength and gave them corresponding benefits. Just these The matter was enough to keep them busy for several days. In order to ensure that there would be no problems, Bafang and Jiuling Lao kept watching in the sea.

And just when Jiuling Lao and the others were paying attention to the lives of the people in Pearl City in the sea, Sun Buyu and the others had also begun to take over Pearl City. In fact, there is really nothing to worry about in Pearl City. Yes, there is no one in the city now. Although the big shells that serve as city walls are still there, those big shells cannot actually be moved, and they are also very obedient. There is no need to accept anything at all, as long as people are sent into the city. Enough.

But soon Sun Buyu and the others discovered a problem. They found that although there were no problems here in Pearl City, there were still many enemies in the north of Dragon Realm. There were still many enemies in the north of Pearl City. Because there are many sea tribes who do not live in Pearl City or around Pearl City. All the sea tribes in Pearl City have joined the Blood Killing Sect, but those in other places have not yet joined the Blood Killing Sect. They They are even fighting against the Blood Killing Sect. In this case, it is very necessary to clean up those sea tribes.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very clear that on the territory of the Blood Killing Sect, there can only be one voice of the Blood Killing Sect, and no other voices can be heard. Any opposition forces must be eliminated, because they must They must ensure that their rear is absolutely stable and cannot make any mistakes. It is precisely because of this that there are almost no mistakes in the territory controlled by the Blood Killing Sect. All those who dare to oppose are dealt with by them. .