c7569 Take it

Sun Buyu stood in the headquarters and said expressionlessly: "Is there any result?" He said this to the staff officer beside him, but when he said this, his eyes were always He had not left the radar screen, but he looked a little tired. It was obvious that he had not had a good rest these days.

The staff officer immediately said: "Yes, Elder, the results have been obtained. After repeated inspections, it has been confirmed that there are no other sea tribes in the area we occupy. For this reason, we have specially I asked people from the Blue Light Octopus clan for help, and I have confirmed once that there is really no one left."

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he let out a sigh of relief, and his face relaxed, and then he said: "Okay, great, the northern part of the Dragon Realm has finally been captured. Order the army to set up a magic circle immediately. We are going to Turn this place into our base, our rear area, and then we will attack southward." The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order.

After the staff officers went to deliver the order, Sun Buyu said to Jiang Shenglin and others standing next to him: "The first step has finally passed. As long as we build the base, then our Blood Killing Sect's army can enter the Dragon Palace." The Dragon Realm is here, and then there is a full-scale attack on the Dragon Realm. To be honest, I am really not too worried. We have not been here for a short time in the Dragon Realm. The Dragon Realm will send people to attack us almost every day. Their We have known for a long time how many methods there are, and I am really sure now that we can definitely clean up the Dragon Realm."

Jiang Shenglin smiled slightly and said: "I have never been worried. I have always thought that we can easily clean up the Dragon Realm. Really, I really think that we can easily clean up the Dragon Realm, especially after discovering When the sea tribe here in the dragon world are all real creatures, I am even more sure of this. To be honest, I think it is better to deal with creatures like the shadow tribe, which seem to have no real body, than to deal with these creatures. Even more difficult.”

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "You are right, I also know the creatures of the Shadow Clan, they are almost not afraid, they are not afraid of death at all, as long as they are affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, There are very few creatures that have been affected that are harmful to death, and there are very few creatures that will feel scared. Very few, very few. It is naturally very difficult to deal with such a guy."

Chen Chu said: "Actually, I think the most important thing is that they have learned different things from us, practiced different techniques, and used different energy. They are not just two races. There are very few wars between two races. They will never stop without killing one party. Sometimes if one party surrenders, then it is over, but we and the Shadow Clan are not. That's not the case. It can be said that the two of us have differences in energy and ideas. There is no way to change this, so we can only fight."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "If the world of cultivation is occupied by the power of the Shadow Clan Law, no monk can survive. In the same way, if we encounter the power of the Shadow Clan Law, it is impossible to let them go. Once If the power of our laws exceeds the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, then those people in the Shadow Clan will not be able to survive for long under the power of our laws, and they will die themselves. The power of our laws, Earth is like poison to the people of the Shadow Clan, and vice versa, so it is absolutely impossible for our two tribes to co-exist."

Tang Yingyi said: "The sect master has seen this a long time ago, so he has already started to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws from the day he encountered it. So, when it comes to long-term vision, Come on, the sect master still has a long-term vision, and we people are too far behind compared to the sect master."

Sun Buyu and others nodded, but then Sun Buyu smiled slightly and said: "Originally, we were talking about these Sea Clan, but why did we talk about the Shadow Clan? Forget it, let's not talk about this matter. In fact, I think the most wrong thing that the Shadow Clan's Law Power did was not to completely occupy the Dragon Realm. If they completely occupied the Dragon Realm, all the creatures here would If they all become Shadow Clan creatures, then they can still compete with us here, but now they should only affect the Dragon King or the Dragon King and some people around him, and have not affected all the creatures in the entire Dragon World. They are all affected, and this gives us an opportunity. It is not difficult to deal with those people, not to mention that we still have Jiuling Lao."

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "Yes, with Jiuling Lao here, we will save a lot of trouble. This is very important to us. We will save a lot of effort. Let's take it here in Pearl City. Let’s talk about it. Not only did we get Pearl City easily, but we also got a lot of people from the Sea Clan. But I heard that Elder Chang and the others are very busy now, because the sect leader feels that the connection between the Sea Clan and us is too If it is missing, it must be strengthened. Now Elder Chang and the others are dealing with this matter, so they have been very busy recently."

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "That's right. The Hai Clan's contact with us before was indeed too little. They rarely had contact with us. This won't work. If we encounter such an environment in the future, let Hai Clan have very little contact with us. The Sea Clan is participating in the war, but we are completely unfamiliar with the Sea Clan’s fighting methods, which will affect our combat effectiveness."

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "That is indeed the case, so it is very important to take this opportunity to strengthen the connection between the Hai Clan and us, so that they can truly integrate with us. I think the sect leader will do this this time. It’s very correct, and it can solve a big problem for us.”

Sun Buyu nodded, then sighed and said: "I used to think that our Blood Killing Sect was invincible and had no shortcomings. But when I got to Dragon Realm, I discovered that this was not the case at all. Although When we faced the Shanghai tribe now, we all defeated them, but in fact, most of the time, we still relied on the alien tribe. After the alien tribe became the sea tribe, they helped us defeat those sea tribes. We killed the clan in the sea with blood. In fact, there are still many problems in combat, and we have had the Sea Clan before, but it has never been taken seriously. This is a mistake of all of us."

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "Yes, this is the mistake of all of us. We thought too little before and relied too much on the sect master. The sect master also needs to practice. He is also a person. He cannot put all the Thinking of everything, the sect leader established a command center and made all our core elders members of the command center. In fact, he wanted us to play a management role, but what we did was not good, very bad."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Yes, in fact, the sect master has told us a long time ago that no matter what happens to us, we can directly respond upward. Even an ordinary disciple can also handle the matter upward." Reaction, especially now that we have begun to automate management, we should respond upward to everything. However, there are still too few of our disciples who actually do this. It’s not that they don’t want to respond upward, but that they haven’t yet. This awareness, at best, is just for everyone to be together, say a few words, or complain a few words, but they have never thought that maybe if they react upward, then this matter can be solved, and they may not be involved in the future. Something similar happened.”

Chen Chu said in a deep voice: "Habits must be cultivated slowly. Now we are cultivating those disciples. When those disciples learn to respond upward to the situation, or even get used to this situation, then we really don't have to worry about anything. , it’s not possible now, everyone is not used to it yet.”

Several people all nodded. They also knew that this kind of situation could not be cultivated in a day or two, but there was no other good way. But anyway, now they are on the right path. Sooner or later One day, they can get better.

At this time, Sun Buyu received the message. He glanced at it and said in a deep voice: "Elder Chang asked us to go for a meeting together. Let's go back and have a meeting together." Naturally, the few people would not object and all followed. Sun Buyu returned to the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect to attend this meeting.

When Sun Buyu and the others arrived at the main hall, they found that Chang Jun had arrived, and some other core elders had also arrived. Even Jiuling Lao and Bafang had arrived. Bafang still looked like the octopus man, but the Blood Killing Sect These core elders were all well-informed people, and no one laughed at him. Many people took the initiative to talk to him. The atmosphere in the hall was very good.

By the time Sun Buyu and the others found a place to sit down, they had almost arrived. Sun Buyu glanced at everyone, and then said: "Everyone, from the time we entered the Dragon Realm to now, our first step plan of action is , it can be said that it is completed. Here, we would like to thank two people, one is the elder Jiuling and the other is the elder Bafang. If it were not for their help, we would not be able to do it in such a short time. , just to complete the first step of the battle plan, it is even more impossible to capture all the northern areas of Dragon Realm in such a short period of time and at such a small cost. Now, please stand up, let us stand up for them. Everyone applauded to express their gratitude.”

Neither Jiuling Lao nor Bafang had ever encountered such a scene. They both stood up in a daze. Then there was a very warm applause in the hall, which made both of them a little embarrassed. They clasped their fists around each other. After saluting, the applause became even more enthusiastic, accompanied by roars of laughter from the crowd.

After a while, Chang Jun pressed down with his hand, and the applause slowly stopped. Chang Jun then said: "Okay, that's enough for the happy things. Now we will talk about what we are going to do next." One-step battle plan, the northern part of Dragon Realm has been completely captured, then we can move forward, how to fight, I think this is it, let me ask Elder Sun Buyu to talk about it, he is the frontline commander, He has the most say in this matter, Xiao Sun, don't be polite, come on, stand up and talk to us."