c7564 remind

Although he was thinking about these things in his mind, Bafang still immediately replied to Shu Feng: "Elder Shu Feng is so polite. I just want to go back to the sect and report to the sect leader about the Pearl City. I don't know if I can do it now." Convenient?" Bafang heard Ma Long say that in the Blood Killing Sect, the status of the alien clan is very special. Their status is very high in the Blood Killing Sect. Together with the Necromancer clan, they are called the two major guard races. , that is to say, their two races are the closest to the sect leader Zhao Hai, and their status is certainly stronger than that of ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples.

Shu Feng looked at Bafang and said: "Elder Bafang, it is not inconvenient to arrive now. I just want to ask how the situation is in Pearl City. Elder Sun ordered me to be the vanguard. If Bafang City is not attacked, If you control it, we can also respond to you and prepare for battle. If it is already under your control, then things will be even simpler. We can just go forward and receive it."

Bafang hurriedly said: "Elder Shu, please don't worry. Pearl City has been completely controlled by our Blue Light Clan. Although there are still some people who don't want to join the Blood Killing Sect, the number is too small to cause any trouble." Now, you can go over and take over Pearl City at any time, and not only Pearl City, but also the outside of the city is under our control, so you don’t have to worry."

Shu Feng nodded, and then said: "Elder Bafang, if there is really no problem in Pearl City now, that would be the best. If there is any problem, you'd better send someone back to solve it immediately, Master. They like to cause problems, so for those who really don’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect, you’d better think of some ways, do you understand what I mean?”

Bafang was stunned, and then he immediately noticed a word that Shu Feng said, which was young master. He had heard Ma Long say it before when he was chatting with Ma Long. In the Blood Killing Sect, they were extremely envious of this word, because This word represents a person, that is Zhao Hai, and only those who are very close to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai's absolute confidants, and his servants can call him Young Master. Ordinary people can only call him Master, so as long as you listen If someone in the Blood Killing Sect calls him Young Master, he must be calling Zhao Hai. When you meet such a person, you must pay more attention. Even if you are a core disciple, it is best not to offend him if possible.

So now when he heard what Shu Feng said, Bafang immediately understood who the young master Shu Feng was talking about. He also understood what Shu Feng meant. What Shu Feng meant was very obvious, even though he had already controlled the Pearl City. , but there are still some people who don’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect yet. These people may do some extreme behavior when they meet the Blood Killing Sect disciples. If such a thing really happens, what will happen to the Blood Killing Sect? The Blue Light Clan is not a good thing for them, so they had better resolve this matter before the Blood Killing Clan officially takes over Pearl City.

As soon as he thought of this, Bafang immediately said: "Yes, I understand, thank you Elder Shufeng." After saying this, Bafang immediately turned to Bazu and said: "Bafang, you will return to Pearl City immediately and leave all the things you don't want to do." Everyone who joins the Blood Killing Sect is under control, if anyone dares to resist, kill them!"

When Bazu heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he looked at Bafang and said: "Brother..." Before he could say the next words, Bafang waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "Go quickly and try to do it in the shortest time." Within, we will resolve the matter. This is the first test for our Blue Light clan to join the Blood Killing Sect, and we must not make any mistakes."

When Bazu heard what Bafang said, he didn't say anything. He saluted to Bafang and said, "Yes, brother, I understand. I'll do it right away." After saying that, he turned around and headed directly to Pearl City. Bafang swam in the direction. Bafang was very clear. Bafang could say this, which meant that this matter had to be done in this way. Otherwise, he would not have said this, so he went to do it immediately without waiting for more. say what.

After Bazu left, Bafang turned to Shufeng and said, "Elder Shufeng, do you think this matter can be solved like this?" Bafang knew that a lot of time, people like Shufeng meant what they meant. Zhao Hai meant that he still attached great importance to Shu Feng's opinions.

Shu Feng nodded, turned his head and glanced at the few people following Bafang, and then said in a deep voice: "Please come to me, I will take some of you to see Elder Sun." Although Shu Feng is A patriarch of the alien clan, but his status is still lower than that of Sun Buyu, so it is best to leave matters in Bafang to Sun Buyu.

Bafang also understood what Shu Feng meant, and he immediately said to Shu Feng: "Okay, thank you Elder Shu." After saying that, he turned to the other people and said: "Follow me." After that, he led a few people Arriving next to Shu Feng, Shu Feng glanced at a few people and smiled slightly. The next moment they appeared in a room.

This room is very large, and there is some water in the room, but the water is only half as deep as the room. There is a platform above the water beside the wall, and there is a door next to the platform. Shu Feng turned to Bafang and the others and said: "We I’m going to see Elder Sun and the others. If I can turn into a human form, I should try my best to turn into a human form. Is there no problem?”

Bafang immediately said: "No problem, everyone will turn into human form immediately, hurry up." The few people following him were all masters. Now when they heard what Bafang said, they didn't ask any more questions, and they all turned into human forms. In human form, after they transformed into human form, the tallest one was only over two meters, and the shortest one was only a little over one meter. He looked like a dwarf, and he all carried some of the characteristics of the Sea Tribe. characteristics, so it looks very weird.

Shu Feng didn't say anything. He just glanced at a few people, nodded and said, "Okay, let's go." After that, he led a few people to swim forward, and when they swam to the wall, Only then did they discover that there was a row of steps beside the wall that led directly to the water. Several people walked up the steps and soon arrived at the door on the wall. After walking in from that door, there was a very long road. Walking along the long corridor to the end, you came to a large room. There were many people in this room, including Sun Buyu and the others.

Shu Feng walked up to Sun Buyu, saluted Sun Buyu and said: "Elder Sun, Elder Bafang and the others are here." After saying that, he stepped aside, and Sun Buyu also raised his head, just in time to see Bafang and the others. Sun Buyu He couldn't help but laugh, and he went straight to meet them from all directions.

Bafang did not dare to neglect, and hurriedly greeted Sun Buyu, and then saluted Sun Buyu and said: "Elder Sun, I am late, please forgive me." Bafang knew Sun Buyu's identity, the frontline commander said To put it bluntly, he was the one who commanded this attack on Pearl City. Facing such a person, of course he would not dare to neglect.

Sun Buyu quickly returned the salute and said: "Elder Bafang is too polite. It's not too late, not at all. Come on, let's chat." After that, he led Sun Buyu and them to another company, where there was a set of sofas. Jiang Shenglin and the others also followed over. After they sat down there, they were served tea. Sun Buyu then said to Bafang, "Elder Bafang, I wonder what the situation is like in Pearl City? Do you need any help?"

Bafang said quickly: "Pearl City is now under control, but some old people in the city have lived in the city for a long time and do not want to join the Blood Killing Sect. We did not use force before. So until now, they still refuse, but please don't worry, Elder Sun. I have asked my brother to solve this matter in the city. I will definitely control those people. If it doesn't work, I can only meet him. There’s blood.”

Sun Buyu didn't say anything more, just nodded and said: "It doesn't matter. As long as they don't cause trouble, there is nothing wrong with sparing their lives. After all, you also know the situation of our Blood Killing Sect. Can you join the Blood Killing Sect?" The Killing Sect is a good thing for them, but it may not be of any benefit to us, the Blood Killing Sect. They are the ones who should regret not joining, so don’t worry about it.”

Bafang nodded and said in a deep voice: "I dare not say it in other places, but the situation in Pearl City should still be controllable by us, the Blue Light Clan. Previously, we just did not want to touch it for the sake of the kindness of our fellow villagers for many years. It’s just rough, but it’s really hard to say whether there is a Dragon King among those old people, so I can’t say now, so if I want to completely stop Pearl City, I’m afraid I have to wait a while.”

Sun Buyu smiled and said: "It's okay. Anyway, we are still some way away from Pearl City. When we get to Pearl City, I'm afraid you will also solve the problem. Who are these?" Sun Buyu said and looked at it. At a glance at the people who followed Bafang into the hall, of course he had seen these people a long time ago, but he also knew that at this time, he could not be too proactive, so he was just polite to Bafang, but was polite to those few people. Not so polite.

Bafang said quickly: "These are my clan members, as well as some representatives elected by people from various clans in the city. Today I am bringing them to see our Blood Killing Sect. They don't know anything about our Blood Killing Sect." , let them see how powerful our Blood Killing Sect is, so that they can feel completely at ease." Bafang quickly told the purpose of those people's visit.

Sun Buyu laughed loudly and said: "Okay, welcome, Elder Bafang, I think so, let's ask Elder Jiuling to take you to the Xuanwu Space for a visit, so that they can feel more at ease. Come on, hurry up. Invite Elder Jiuling." A staff officer responded and immediately turned around and left.

Sun Buyu turned around and said to Bafang: "Elder Jiuling has just joined the sect not long ago, and there are still many things to know, so as long as there is no war here, he can go to the Xuanwu Space. Feel free to walk around and visit, sometimes you need to practice a bit, just wait, he will be here soon."

Bafang said quickly: "You're welcome, Elder Sun, we are not in a hurry." He was really not in a hurry. This time he brought these people here because he really just wanted them to see how powerful the Blood Killing Sect was. Let these people You know, he didn't lie, he even downplayed the strength of the Blood Killing Sect so that they knew better.