c7573 obscene

This water-squirting clam is really too obscene. When people see this thing, their first reaction is that it is a man's thing. It is estimated that women will blush when they see it. To be honest, Sun Buyu and the others had never seen such a weird thing before, so when they saw it now, their expressions immediately became very weird.

Sun Buyu turned to look at Jiuling Lao, and Jiu Linglao also looked at him. Then several people looked at each other, and then they all laughed. Sun Buyu even laughed and said: "I really didn't expect that. , there is such a thing in this world, weird, so weird, how does this thing look like this? To be honest, when I saw the appearance of this thing, I suddenly lost my appetite."

Elder Jiuling said with a smile: "The taste of this thing is still very good, but it looks a little weird, so don't worry about it." Elder Jiuling really doesn't care about this, this kind of water-squirting clam He had eaten a lot of it before, and it tasted really good, so he said this.

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "It doesn't matter, but if you want the disciples to eat this thing, you must send it to the logistics department and let the people in the logistics department know about it. What are its characteristics? It is best to eat it with those things. The logistics department is always in charge of a few ladies. Do you think we should send this thing to the logistics department and let the ladies see it? What will the ladies think? Will they cook us directly and let everyone eat it? "

Hearing what Sun Buyu said, Jiang Shenglin and the others laughed, and then Chen Chu said: "The key is that this thing is so obscene. If it is really delivered to these ladies, they will definitely deal with us." Yes, I think it’s better to forget it and honestly don’t send it to the ladies.”

Elder Jiuling also understood what Sun Buyu and the others meant, but he didn’t know much about Laura and the others’ status in the sect, so he said, “It should be fine. Although this thing looks weird, It tastes good, I don’t think Madam will blame us, right?”

Sun Buyu said: "Madam may not blame us, but we can't put this thing in front of Madam. It is simply disrespectful to the madams. Even if the sect leader doesn't blame us, we can't do this. , Forget it, I don’t want this thing anymore." Sun Buyu and the others respected Laura and the others very much, so they reacted like this. Jiang Shenglin and the others also nodded repeatedly, fully agreeing with Sun Buyu's words.

At this time, a staff officer walked up to Sun Buyu and the others with a strange expression, and said to Sun Buyu: "The headquarters just received an order from Mrs. Laura. He asked us to send this thing to the sea in Xuanwu Space. Good job." After cultivating it, the sect will send people to study it in the future, and will add this thing to the sect’s menu, and even cursed us not to think too much."

Upon hearing what Laura said, Sun Buyu and the others were stunned for a moment, but then their expressions changed. Then Sun Buyu immediately said: "Yes, with your order, we will send these things to the sea of ​​space immediately. Go , pass the order, let the people of the alien clan dig out all these things, and then send them back to the sea of ​​Xuanwu Space through the teleportation array, find someone to raise them specially, go quickly." The staff officer responded, and immediately Go and get it done.

After doing this, Sun Buyu turned to Jiuling Lao and Bafang, who were looking at them with some confusion, and said in a deep voice: "These ladies have been managing the sect's logistics department, and their contribution to the sect is very huge. , but saying that the Blood Killing Sect can be what it is today is inseparable from their management of the sect’s logistics department. Without their management of the logistics department, the Blood Killing Sect would not be what it is today, at least the supplies would not be there. With such a sufficient supply, our Blood Killing Sect can now say that we have everything we ask for, and this is inseparable from the efforts of several ladies."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also nodded, and Jiang Shenglin even said: "The most important thing is that these ladies are geniuses in command. The Rubik's Cube array that is most commonly used by our Blood Killing Sect was actually created by these ladies. Moreover, the ladies are also very knowledgeable about magic circles. In this regard, they are not much worse than those guys in Shenji Hall. Everyone in the sect knows this, so in the sect, People in the sect respect these ladies very much. You two must also remember that in the sect, you must not speak ill of the ladies. Otherwise, it will not only cause dissatisfaction among those disciples, but also It will cause dissatisfaction to the sect leader. If the sect is really angry with you because of this, then you will be in trouble." Jiang Shenglin and the others knew about the relationship between Zhao Hai and Laura, so they said this.

When Jiuling Lao and Bafang heard what they said, they were all stunned. Then their faces straightened up and they nodded repeatedly. They had just joined the Blood Killing Sect not long ago, and it was very clear that in the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai It is the sky, it is God, and the Xuanwu Space was created by Zhao Hai. It is equivalent to Zhao Hai's incarnation, so as long as you enter the Xuanwu Space, don't think about resisting Zhao Hai. That's his world.

It is precisely because of this that Jiuling Lao and Bafang are more honest. They know very well that in the Xuanwu Space, even if Zhao Hai does not use the power of the Xuanwu Space, it is very easy to deal with them. From the Xuanwu Space It can be seen how powerful and terrifying Zhao Hai is.

The number of those water-spraying clams was not very large. Soon the alien dug out all the water-spraying clams, and then directly sent them back to the Xuanwu space through the teleportation array. After doing all this, Sun Buyu Then he took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice: "Send the order, let the injured aliens retreat and recuperate, and the army continues to advance." The staff officer responded and immediately went to pass the order, but he came back after a while, He said to Sun Buyu: "At the headquarters, people from the alien clan sent a letter saying that their injuries are almost healed and they request to continue participating in the battle. Please approve it."

Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, and then he couldn't help but frown. But at this time Jiang Shenglin said: "If they want to participate in the attack, let them participate. The alien clan is very warlike. If you don't let them participate, they will not be happy. Go ahead and let them Continue to move forward, but tell them that if they are seriously injured, they must go to the rear to rest, otherwise, let us find out, and they will not participate in the attack next time."

The staff officer responded, turned and left. Sun Buyu didn't say anything. He also knew the situation of the alien clan. The alien clan was indeed very militant, and the strength of the alien clan was really extremely powerful. If they say there is no problem, then there should be no problem. There is really nothing to worry about.

The army continued to advance, but the alien clan was very careful. They released some small bugs directly and entered the underground. Old Jiuling and the others did not understand what was going on, but Sun Buyu and the others were surprised. How did Youbai react? The thing is, the alien clan can travel underground, and the speed is very fast, no different from that in the sea, so the current behavior of the alien clan is very normal.

Everyone kept moving forward for several hours. Sun Buyu and the others were able to keep their eyes on the radar, and they also relaxed a little. Just as they were entering, a piercing siren sounded, which made Sun Buyu and the others relax immediately. Getting nervous, Sun Buyu and the others immediately came to the side of the radar screen. They took a casual look at the radar screen and soon discovered a patch of light on the radar screen. The number of black spots was also very large. Now it was From the front, they came straight towards the Blood Killing Sect's army.

Sun Buyu immediately zoomed in on those light spots. After zooming in, he immediately knew the identity of those light spots. They turned out to be a large group of crabs. When he saw those huge crabs, Sun Buyu couldn't help but frown slightly. The leader said: "It's these things again. The combat effectiveness of these things is pretty good, and there seem to be a lot of them this time. It's not easy to deal with them."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also nodded. Jiuling Lao and Bafang also frowned. Bafang said: "The crab clan is also a race that has slowly become stronger in recent years. They have a large number and their combat effectiveness is... The Sea Clan can only be considered average, not very strong, but not weak either. I just didn’t expect that their numbers would have grown to this level. I had only heard that the Crab Clan had become stronger, but I didn’t expect that. It’s already so powerful.”

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "The crab clan was not very popular before, because the people of this clan are actually very simple-minded and aggressive. It is precisely for this reason that although their fighting power is not weak, , but they can’t be regarded as one of the powerful fighting races in the sea. I didn’t expect that they have developed to this level now.” Speaking of this, he couldn’t help but sigh. It was obvious that he felt that he had really grown a little bit in these years. Lost touch with the Shenlong Hai Clan.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Not long after we arrived at the Shenlonghai Kingdom, we encountered a group of crabs. What was the name of the leader? General Hengxing. We had a fight with them at that time. Their strength was very strong. Strong, with strong defense and not weak attack power, but at that time, except for their leader, the other crabs were unable to transform into human form. Later, they rarely appeared, and we didn't pay too much attention, but I didn’t expect to meet him here.”

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "The defense power of these guys is indeed very troublesome. They and the mantis shrimp tribe are two very troublesome races in the Sea Tribe. They are both simple-minded and very aggressive. , so their two tribes have always been relatively independent in the sea. They have their own territory. On their territory, other people rarely go there, and they often fight among themselves. It can be said that they are the two least popular people. race, but any race will have a headache when encountering them, because these guys hardly know what fear is, so we must be careful."