c7576 Hidden benefits

The army continued to advance, and the alien clan seemed very excited now. After killing those crabs, they gained a lot of energy, and they had more bugs, which made them more confident. At the same time, They also received orders from Sun Buyu, who said that they should focus on training them, which naturally made them even more excited.

They knew very well that if Sun Buyu said he would focus on training them, then he would definitely focus on training them, and this is what they lack now. The alien clan must fight continuously to become stronger and stronger. They fight The more times they fight, the stronger they become, so they are not afraid of fighting, but afraid of not fighting.

And these people of the alien clan also know very well that in the Blood Killing Sect, as long as it is the key point of training, then there will be good things. All kinds of good things will come to them, and their strength will not improve even if they don't want to. It is difficult, and this is also very important to them.

Now these alien disciples all know that in the Blood Killing Sect, although their alien clan is very famous, there are not many real masters. There are only two masters, Shu Li and Cang Ming, and they are in the Blood Killing Sect. Among the core elders, they can only be in a middle-to-lower position, and cannot be regarded as top experts.

The reason why the Alien clan is still so valued by the Blood Killing Sect is because they are actually valued by Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai values ​​them, so other people will value them, but they cannot always rely on this to support their progress. Absolutely not, they must have their own experts and have their own right to speak.

In the Blood Killing Sect, how a race can have its own say depends on how much contribution you can make to the Blood Killing Sect and how many masters your race has. Only with more masters can you have more influence in the Blood Killing Sect. They have more say, so the alien family attaches great importance to their own strength.

This time, the alien family kept moving forward. If the creatures they encountered along the way were not threatening, they would be directly brought back to the sea in Xuanwu Space. If there were any threats, they would all be eliminated. However, the speed of their advancement was also limited. Not very fast, because they know very well that they cannot advance too fast. If they advance too fast, the army behind them will be completely disconnected from them, which will not be of any benefit to them.

Sun Buyu stood in front of the radar screen and watched the actions of the alien clan. After a while, he smiled and said: "The alien clan is indeed a fighting race. Their fighting talent is really unmatched by anyone. Take a look. They have only been here in the Dragon Realm for a short time, and they have already behaved like this. To be honest, I am really surprised."

Jiang Shenglin said solemnly: "And they don't just kill all the lives now. This is not like the style of the alien clan before. In the past, the alien clan was just a killing machine, but now it has a touch of humanity." Jiang Shenglin and the others They also know what the alien family was like in the past, so they say this.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "These aliens are completely different from before. Now they can completely transform into human forms. It is because they have to fight here that they appear in their current form. We cannot turn them into human beings." Think of it as the alien clan from before."

Tang Yingyi nodded and said: "Yes, we cannot regard them as the former alien clan. They are just disciples with special training talents. They have nothing to do with the previous alien clan, so we must change our view of them. But in my opinion, it would be very beneficial for them to let them participate more in the battle."

Jiang Shenglin smiled slightly and said: "The alien clan is famous for being warlike. If we let us fight, they will only be happy, but we have to let them rest. I think so, after four hours of advancement, if we don't encounter any enemies If so, let them rest and recuperate for a period of time before they can move forward. Anyway, we are not in a hurry now and can take our time."

Several people nodded. Old Jiuling glanced at a few of them and said in a deep voice: "Guys, I just heard you say that the sects in Wanshan Realm are extremely powerful. Even if the sects get there, They are not necessarily the strongest beings. Is this true? Are those people in Wanshan Realm really that strong? The strength of the sect master is comparable to that of heavenly beings. Is there really anyone in Wanshan Realm who can compare to the sect master? ?I don’t quite believe it.”

Jiang Shenglin said with a smile: "We haven't told you this before. You don't know much about Wanshan Realm, and we don't know much about it either. But from the mouths of Duofajing and the others, we know a lot about Wanshan Realm." , more than you. In Wanshan Realm, every disciple actually practices the art of Dharma. This makes those disciples very powerful in combat. And the top masters in Wanshan Realm, they Each of them will be very powerful. They all have inner space magic weapons. I think you will know how powerful these inner space magic weapons are just by looking at the Eight Tribes of Tianlong. I don’t need to say more. From this point on, It can be seen how powerful the top masters in Wanshan Realm are."

Upon hearing what Jiang Shenglin said, Mr. Jiuling couldn't help but fell silent. After a while, he finally took a breath and murmured: "It seems that we are really frogs at the bottom of the well. We don't even know how high the sky is and how thick the earth is." , It’s ridiculous, ridiculous, to be so arrogant here.” At this point, he shook his head repeatedly.

When Sun Buyu and Jiang Shenglin heard what he said, they didn't speak. They just looked at each other, then turned to Elder Jiuling and said: "Elder Jiuling, you don't have to think so. You have always lived here in the Dragon Realm. We have never had any contact with the outside world, so it is naturally impossible to know what the outside world is like, so it is normal to have such thoughts. When our Blood Killing Sect was originally in the lower realm, wasn't it the same? We considered ourselves to be one of the top ten sects in the Blood Sea Realm. One of the sects is extremely powerful. No one messes with us. We are the strongest group of people. But what happened? The sect was almost wiped out. If it weren’t for the sect leader, I would have no blood right now. He killed the clan, so it’s really not your fault.”

Jiuling Lao took a deep breath, nodded and said: "You are right. I didn't know how big the outside world was before, but now I know. If you still think that you are a top expert, you are lying to yourself. That's all. , it seems that if I find an opportunity, I will have to practice in seclusion."

Sun Buyu smiled slightly, and then said: "It's best if you think so. The training environment of our Blood Killing Sect can be said to be the best in the entire world. No other force's training environment can compare with ours. Blood Killing Sect, as long as you practice hard in the future, your strength will definitely improve by leaps and bounds, which will be of great benefit to you."

Elder Jiuling nodded, and Jiang Shenglin said: "Elder Jiuling, let me tell you something you don't want to hear. You can't just practice on your own. You must pay attention to improve the strength of the Hai Clan. In the past, we We don’t have much contact with the Sea Clan. When we were in the lower world, we fought together, but since the formation of the Xuanwu Space, the Sea Clan has almost no experience of fighting with us. Over the years, our Blood Killing Sect has been in Tianlong. In the battle here in the Eight Tribes Realm, almost no one from the Hai Clan participated in the war. This made the disciples of the sect almost forget the existence of the Hai Clan. This is not necessarily a good thing for the Hai Clan, although it is for the Hai Clan. The benefits will not be less, but it will not be of any benefit to the Hai Clan. If the Hai Clan really has no contribution to the sect in the future, it may be eliminated by the sect in the future."

Chen Chu nodded and said: "Yes, although our Blood Killing Sect doesn't seem to have much competition, in fact competition does exist. However, the competition among our Blood Killing Sect is mainly based on how you compare to the sect. Let me give you an example. Let me give you an example. Let’s take a few of us. We joined the Blood Killing Sect together with Bai Yan. Our initial status was the same as Bai Yan’s, but in the sect, When the sect adjusted the level of personnel, Bai Yan and we became the core elders. The core elders in the sect represent you. You should also know that the core elders are the most powerful group of people in the sect. Ours The power is the greatest and the treatment is the best, so after becoming the core elders, the few of us don't care much about the things in the sect. We only think about training, but Baiyan is different. He is very concerned about the things in the sect. He always wanted to help the sect lead the battles in various places. In the process, because he participated in a large number of battles, he actually realized an idea and made great achievements, so this time he can Go to the time acceleration area to practice, but we can't. As of now, our strength is still not as good as Byakugan, but his status is higher than us."

Upon hearing what Chen Chu said, Elder Jiuling couldn't help but be stunned. He looked at Jiang Shenglin and the others with some confusion and said, "So, even the core elders are divided into levels?" He really didn't have any before. He has thought about this problem, because in his opinion, once he becomes the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect, everything will be worry-free. Now it seems that is not the case.

"If you want to say yes, then there is. If you want to say no, then there is no." Sun Buyu said: "I say yes because it is indeed yes. The same core elder, you are an elder who often leads the army, and you are an elder with specific goals. If you are the core elder of the matter, then your status will naturally be higher. If you want to say no, you can also say no, because you are a core elder, like Elder Chang, who is also a core elder. If you don’t listen to Elder Chang, or If you contradict Elder Chang, Elder Chang really has nothing to do with you, because your status is equal and he has no power to deal with you, but this status is sometimes linked to some benefits."

Seeing the puzzled look on Old Jiuling's face, Sun Buyu couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "The benefits I'm talking about don't mean those training materials, exercises, etc., but some other benefits, some Invisible benefits, and these invisible benefits may be more important to people of your strength."