c7570 Strong fighting race

Sun Buyu was not polite, he stood up directly, raised his fists at everyone and said: "Okay, everyone, I won't be polite. I will just say a few words. The enemies we are facing now are the Dragon King's men. , that is, the people of the Sea Tribe. The fighting power of these people of the Sea Tribe is very strong, and there are many races. Each race has its own special abilities and is very difficult to deal with. And I suspect that there may be some other races in the Sea Tribe. , it’s something we don’t know. I’d like to ask Elder Jiuling to introduce it to you now. I mainly want to express my thoughts.”

He paused for a moment and then said: "Our Blood Killing Sect's attack method has always been: don't be afraid of slowness, just be afraid of haste, don't be surprised, just be steady. It's the same this time. We have already conquered the northern part of the Dragon Realm. If they are all occupied, then we can advance all the way south. There is no need to take too many risks and advance step by step. No matter what method the enemy uses to deal with us, we will remain unchanged in response to any changes. , step by step, push them into a blind corner, so that they have to come and fight us. This is the method we have always used, and it is also a very useful method."

Everyone nodded. This method has indeed always been used by the Blood Killing Sect. This is also because the area of ​​each interface is not very large, so this method is still very feasible. If it is in this area If the interface is very huge, then this method will not work. Because the area is too large and the strategic depth that the enemy can use is too large, they will use various methods to deal with them. If they use this method, it is not suitable. .

Sun Buyu looked at everyone and then said: "Don't give the enemy a chance and force the enemy to death. This is only part of the plan. There is another part of the plan, which is to ask Elder Jiuling and Elder Bafang to come forward. The two are in the dragon world. There are a lot of acquaintances there. What I want to do is ask you two to come forward and meet your acquaintances. If you can persuade them to surrender, try your best to persuade them to surrender. If you really don't want to surrender, then we will take action, so that we can reduce the number of people who surrender. The number of battles is equivalent to reducing the losses of our Blood Killing Sect. Of course, what I am talking about is only a general plan. The specific battle plan still depends on the formation boss and the others." After finishing speaking, Sun Buyu He cupped his fists at everyone and then sat down.

Everyone kept nodding, feeling that what Sun Buyu said was very reasonable. At this time, Chang Jun said: "What Xiao Sun said makes sense. Elder Jiuling, you are quite familiar with the Dragon Realm, then you can Let’s talk about what other powerful fighting races there are in the Dragon Realm. You have already seen some of the races that are fighting with us now. Let’s talk about what other races we haven’t seen yet.”

Old Jiuling also stood up. He was not polite. After all, he had been in a high position before. He had seen many various scenes and had no stage fright at all. So he stood up directly and said: "Where is the Dragon Realm?" There are many races, but now most of the races have actually appeared, but some strong fighting races have never appeared. Let me talk about the strong fighting races in the Dragon World."

He paused for a moment, then said: "The first thing I want to talk about is the Swordfish clan. People from this race are very powerful. They are known as the fastest race in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Their speed They are very fast and very powerful. They have two forms. The first is the swordfish form. This form is their fastest form. Their upper jaw is a long one, like a spear. Their bone guns are very hard and their attack power is very powerful, and their second form is human form. These swordfish in human form will hold their spears in their hands and their attack power is also very powerful, but we have always It is customary to call the spear in their hand a long sword, because the spear is not very long, and it is like holding an extended sword in the hand. It is also very powerful in close combat."

"In addition to the swordfish clan, there is also the swordfish clan. This race can definitely match the swordfish clan in terms of speed, but they are more flexible because they have flag-like fins on their backs and can swim freely. At any time, the fins can be opened or retracted, allowing them to directly change their direction in a short period of time, which is extremely flexible."

"There is the Shark Clan, and the Shark Clan is the Shark Clan. It is called the Shark Clan because there are many branch races in their race. Some races are very large and have powerful attacks. They are small in size, move in groups, and their attack power is not weak, giving people a lot of headaches. It can be said that this is one of the races with the strongest attack power in the sea."

"Besides the Shark Clan, there is the Whale Clan. The Whale Clan has only one characteristic, which is their huge size, powerful strength, and strong defense. Their bodies are all extremely huge, and each one is more difficult to deal with. However, the Whale Clan's There are not many in number, and their tempers are relatively mild, so they are not difficult to deal with. The only whale family that is difficult to deal with is the killer whale family. Their family is different from other whale families. They Its attack power is even more powerful than that of the shark clan, and its attack power is even more painful."

"There is also the Turtle Clan, which is the race I represent. The Turtle Clan has amazing endurance, amazing defense, and is not bad in strength. However, since my incident happened, the relationship between the Turtle Clan and the Dragon King has not been very good. The Dragon King is also suppressing the Turtle Clan in many ways, so the life of the Turtle Clan is not easy. It is really hard to say whether they will participate in the battle this time."

"The most powerful race in the Sea Clan is probably the Yalong Sea Clan. This so-called Yalong Sea Clan is actually the original Sea Snake Clan. Those guys from the Sea Snake Clan were originally in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. They weren’t ranked highly, but later the Dragon King said they were the Yalong clan and gave them a lot of help, so they rose rapidly and were also a very troublesome race.”

When Elder Jiuling said this, Bafang stood up and said in a deep voice: "Let me tell you a few words. What Lord Jiuling said is very correct. However, he has not had much contact with the people of the Hai Clan in these years, so for In fact, there are still some things that are not well understood about the situation in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. What he said about the other races was correct, but what he said was wrong about the Yalonghai Clan. When Master Jiuling was still in power, the Yalonghai Clan also It's just that they have just received the support of the Dragon King and become stronger. However, after so many years of development, their strength has undergone earth-shaking changes. Now the Yalonghai clan is called the Imperial Guard clan. Their combat effectiveness They are very powerful, and the Dragon King personally supports them and teaches them skills, which makes their combat effectiveness very powerful. They are also the race that the Dragon King trusts the most, so they are called the Imperial Guards. The military clan is the trump card in the Dragon King's hand." After saying this, he sat down.

After listening to Bafang's words, Chang Jun frowned slightly and said, "There is such a thing. Does that mean that our biggest opponent is the Yalonghai tribe?" Chang Jun could already do it. Come to think of it, what the Dragon King taught those Yalonghai tribe was not just skills, but maybe other things as well.

Old Jiuling shook his head and said: "No, in fact, there are many races in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom that are very loyal to the Dragon King. Not to mention anything else, the Sailfish Clan and the Shark Clan, these two powerful fighting races, are very loyal to the Dragon King. They are all very loyal. As for the Swordfish Clan, it’s a little hard to say. The leader of the Swordfish Clan was my subordinate before. He was a die-hard man who was very loyal to the Dragon King, but I heard that he was killed by the Dragon King. Now, it’s hard to say what kind of attitude the Swordfish Clan has towards the Dragon King. The Whale Clan has a gentle temper. Although they respect the Dragon King on the surface, they often don’t listen to the Dragon King’s words. I think the Turtle Clan I won’t be very loyal to the Dragon King. I used to be the leader of the Turtle Clan. The Dragon King has been suppressing the Turtle Clan these years. The Turtle Clan shouldn’t have much affection for the Dragon King. By the way, apart from these races, I remember there is one Rumor has it that the Dragon King also has an ace in his hand, which is a huge octopus. This octopus is very huge, but no one has seen it there. I heard that it was made by the Dragon King, and it was made with a special After refining him with the method, he can grow without limit and is almost immortal, but he does not have his own mind. I feel like he is the incarnation of the Dragon King, but this is just a rumor, and it has never been No one has seen that octopus, let alone heard of that octopus taking action.”

Upon hearing what Elder Jiuling said, Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Whether it's a rumor or not, we must be prepared for this. Rumors may come out of nowhere, so we must be careful. Elder Bafang , has there been any change in the situation that Elder Jiuling said?"

Bafang shook his head and said: "No change. In the past, the Swordfish Clan was very loyal to the Dragon King, but since Ajian, the leader of the Swordfish Clan, was killed by the Dragon King, the Swordfish Clan is no longer so loyal to the Dragon King. Although the Dragon King made another Jianyu who was loyal to him the leader of the Swordfish clan, that person was unable to convince the public in terms of strength or prestige. Therefore, there are many people in the Swordfish clan who do not like him. Convinced."

Chang Jun nodded and said: "That's good. This way it will be easier for us to deal with them. However, we must pay more attention to these races mentioned by Elder Jiuling. Xiao Sun, we will fight against them in the future. When dealing with these races, you must be careful not to capsize in the gutter." Sun Buyu responded.

Chang Jun then spoke: "We have been fighting with the people of the Shenlong Hai Kingdom for such a long time. To be honest, the fighting power of the Hai people is really very strong. There is no weak one. Facing these races, we must all We have to be a little more careful. I think we can organize our sea tribe and conduct special training for a period of time. We should especially train them to fight with us and let them cooperate with us in fighting. What should we pay attention to? Only in this way can we fully unleash their combat effectiveness. After all, Haili is their home field. Those of us in Haili will be affected to some extent, what do you think?"