c7574 Insect tide

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "We have also encountered the mantis shrimp clan. The strength of that clan is also very powerful. Their attack power is really a headache. I didn't expect so many crabs to come this time. I just don’t know if I will encounter an army of the mantis shrimp clan in the future.”

Bafang said in a deep voice: "It is very possible that the crab clan and the mantis shrimp clan are two powerful races that have developed in the past two years. These two races have two powerful clan leaders, and these two races The two clan leaders were all promoted by the Dragon King himself, and he personally guided their training, so they are very powerful."

Sun Buyu said: "If this is really the case, then there is no way for us to conquer the crab clan and the mantis shrimp clan, because as long as they are personally instructed by the Dragon King, I think they must be very loyal to the Dragon King, because The Dragon King will also use the power of Shadow Clan's laws to influence them, so they will definitely not betray the Dragon King."

Jiuling Lao frowned and said: "This is very possible, because the crab clan and the mantis shrimp clan are both very stubborn races. Once they choose who to be the clan leader, they will definitely Following the orders of the clan leader, the former crab clan and mantis shrimp clan were divided into several small races. Each race had a clan leader. They killed each other, which was very troublesome. All those races treated their clan leaders very badly. Very loyal, if these two races are really unified now, then they will not betray their clan leader, and they will become very powerful."

Sun Buyu looked at the screen and said: "From this point of view, there is nothing more to say. Just fight and deal with them all. Send an order to the whole army to prepare for battle. Don't hold back. Kill them all." Kill it for me." The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order.

Following Sun Buyu's order, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect became excited. All the disciples there shouted wildly and rushed forward. Of course, the ones rushing in the front were of course the Alien Clan, the Alien Clan. Now he seems very excited, even his speed is much faster than before.

Soon the alien clan saw the Crab clan's army. The Crab clan's army was really very large. Sun Buyu and the others estimated that the Crab clan's army would number at least five billion. Such a number was already It was very astonishing, even Jiuling Lao and Bafang were very surprised.

Bafang said in a deep voice: "The number of crabs in the past was definitely not so large. I didn't expect that they have developed to this level now. It seems that the Dragon King has been cultivating those loyal races before. Once these races are cultivated, He is afraid that he will take action against us as a race. Fortunately, you are here, otherwise, we as a race will be in trouble."

Old Jiuling also nodded and said: "The crab clan, the mantis shrimp clan, if you add the shark clan and whale clan, and add the Yalong Hai clan, the power in the hands of the Dragon King is already very powerful. Of course, among them, We are not sure yet about the situation of the Whale Clan, but we will definitely not be very close to the Dragon King. Otherwise, with the character of the Dragon King, I am afraid that he has already started to attack several of your races. I think he will The sword was killed, maybe because he wanted to deal with you. You see, he killed A Jian, and then appointed a clan leader in the Jianyu clan. As long as he is given time, he will kill some of the Jianyu clan. All the masters will be removed. By then, the position of the clan leader will be secure, and the Swordfish clan will be under his control. It will be easier for him to deal with you clans one by one. .”

Bafang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That's true. If he really does that, then he will deal with several of our races. Even if we resist, I'm afraid we won't have much ability. After all, the strength of both sides The comparison is there, and he won’t miss that opportunity.”

Sun Buyu couldn't help but sigh: "This Dragon King really has some tricks. If we had come a little later, I'm afraid he would have really succeeded. I think this must be the influence of the law of the Shadow Clan. As long as we come here a little later, If the Dragon King completely controls the Dragon World, then he will directly use the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to control people of various races. In the end, the entire Dragon World will be controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. This Shadow Clan's laws The power is really powerful."

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan has always been very powerful. They have their own consciousness, and they should have done something like this more than once, so when they do it, they have always been It's very easy. Speaking of which, the bait released by the power of Shadow Clan's Law is really very tempting, and most people really can't stop it."

Elder Jiu Ling said with some confusion: "What kind of bait will be released by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so that so many people can take the bait? I'm really curious." Elder Jiu Ling really felt very I am curious, what kind of thing can make the Dragon King take the bait? This is a bit unreasonable.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Different, different people will use different baits. For example, if he wants to make a monk listen to him and influence a monk, he will use immortality as a bait. As long as he is a monk , almost no one can refuse such a bait. In fact, when our Blood Killing Sect is in the lower realm, some disciples will betray the sect because they want immortality, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws can make them immortal. Therefore, some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect betrayed the sect. If they were baiting people like the Dragon King, it should be something like freedom. The Dragon King was here and was trapped for a long time. He wanted freedom. It should also be very eager. If the power of the Shadow Clan's laws uses freedom as bait, it will be very easy for the Dragon King to take the bait."

Jiang Shenglin said solemnly: "I think the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is actually a bit like inner demons. How do inner demons arise? Generally, it is the biggest desire in your heart that causes you to have inner demons, because you The greatest desire in your heart is your greatest weakness, and this is where your inner demons arise.”

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That is indeed the case. Although we don't know whether the power of the Shadow Clan's laws really affects others in this way, it should not be wrong. I remember that in In the lower realm, the biggest enemy we encountered was originally a monk. In the end, he personally took action and killed all his relatives and all his disciples, just because he felt that it was not in the lower realm. By killing those people, you are helping those people and helping them gain immortality."

Jiuling Lao and Bafang couldn't help but shudder when they heard what Sun Buyu said. They really didn't expect that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws would have such a great impact on a person. From this point of view, Sun Buyu and them It seems true that the Dragon King was influenced by the power of Shadow Clan's laws.

While they were talking, the Alien Clan had already reached a point of fighting with the Crab Clan, but this time the Alien Clan was not so passive. The Alien Clan now had countless bugs. Although these bugs were small in size, they attacked very hard. The force is very strong, so before the alien clan started to attack, countless bugs had already started to attack the crab clan.

People in the crab clan have no good way to deal with these incoming bugs. The most important thing is that these bugs absorb energy so fast that they are unable to prevent them. Moreover, these bugs When attacking, there is another thing that striped crabs cannot compare with, that is, they are very proactive and can fly up from the ground to attack them. Such attacks make the crab family suffer a lot.

Although the crab family's combat effectiveness is not bad, their abdomen is actually one of their weaknesses. Their backs are protected by carapace, and their abdomens are also protected. However, the defensive power of their abdominal carapace is not very strong, so they are a very weak point. The obvious weakness is that those alien bugs attack their abdomen directly from the ground, which will give them an incomparable headache and cause them heavy losses.

The alien family is no longer the same as before. They must rush forward and fight to the death with the enemy. If they can use bugs to kill the enemy, they will not use other methods or go up to deal with the enemy personally. This is also their responsibility. The main reason for this change in tactics is that the attack power of those bugs is really too strong.

After those little bugs absorb the energy, part of the energy will be directly transferred back to the alien's body, so the alien's strength will become stronger and stronger, but part of the energy will directly stay in the bug's body, and then the bug will It will lay eggs on its own, and then the eggs will give birth to bugs. In this way, the number of bugs will become more and more numerous, which is very scary.

This time the crab clan encountered this situation. Previously, the number of bugs in the alien clan was already very large, but not very much. However, as the bugs absorbed more and more energy, the eggs they laid became more and more. More and more came, and the final result was that the number of small bugs increased. As the number of small bugs increased, a tide of bugs slowly formed. Wherever this tide passed, it was larger than the tide of spotted clams. It was really scary. Before the crabs could react, they were already swallowed up by the insect tide.

When Jiuling Lao and Bafang saw this situation, their expressions changed. Jiuling Lao turned to Sun Buyu and said: "Elder Sun, these aliens are so powerful. If one day they are out of control, what will happen?" What should we do? I’m afraid there’s nothing to restrain them, right?”

Elder Jiuling knew very well that if a race is very strong, then they will not always be willing to be subordinate to others. If one day, they no longer want to be subordinate to others and want to make their own decisions, then they will rebel. As for the strength of the Alien Clan, if they really rebelled, how much price would the Blood Killing Sect have to pay to stop their attack? What if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect cannot stop their attack? That’s why Elder Jiuling asked this question. He used to be a high-ranking person. He had seen such things a lot, so naturally he was very worried.