c7578 swordfish clan

After resting for two full days, the Blood Killing Sect's army advanced again. During these two days, Dragon Realm did not send anyone to attack them. This really surprised them. From this point of view, Ershang can also see that the people in the Dragon Realm really seem to know how powerful the Blood Killing Sect is, and they don't dare to attack them when the Blood Killing Sect is resting.

Although it seems like a good opportunity to attack the Blood Killing Sect while they are resting, the Blood Killing Sect is actually the most dangerous at that time. Although their army is all resting and recuperating, they have magic formations that are fully activated. Yes, and the army can be assembled at any time. Under the protection of the magic circle, if the people of the Hai Clan want to attack the Blood Killing Sect, there must be no good fruit to eat. Therefore, the people of the Hai Clan did not attack the Blood Killing Sect at this time. Attack the Blood Killing Sect.

After resting for two days, the Blood Killing Sect's army began to advance, still led by the Alien Clan, followed by the Sea Clan, and finally the Blood Killing Sect's disciples. The army moved forward, not very fast, because they had to fight. The alien family no longer wants to touch some small fish or other sea creatures that pose no threat. Their only targets are their enemies. Those small fish and shrimps that pose no threat are all left to the sea creatures that follow them. clan, they won’t care about it.

In fact, if those small fish and shrimps are not likely to send a message to the Dragon King, the people of the Blood Killing Sect really have no interest in taking care of them, but that is not possible now. Those small fish and shrimps may send a message to the Dragon King, then We had to deal with them, so the Blood Killer Sect didn't let go of those small fish and shrimps at all.

In the past, they would directly let people from the alien clan eat them, but now it is different. Now they will not let people from the alien clan eat those small fish and shrimps, but let people from the sea clan eat them. Send them to the sea in Xuanwu Space. The ocean area in Xuanwu Space is very huge, but there are not many creatures in it. Just send them there.

After advancing for about four hours at a time, a siren suddenly sounded, which made Sun Buyu and the others, who were chatting, suddenly become nervous. The few monsters turned their attention to the radar screen. I found that many light spots had appeared on the radar screen. The speed of these light spots was very fast. They had already moved a long distance as soon as they appeared.

As soon as he saw this situation, Sun Buyu immediately magnified the light spots. After magnifying the light spots, Sun Buyu and the others discovered that the light spots were all big fish. The body length is about 20 meters, and the leading ones are more than 40 meters long. On their upper jaw is a long, spear-like thing, and their swimming speed is very fast. Quickly, coupled with the long upper jaw, it looks like knights charging on horseback with their spears pointed out, making them look very powerful.

"Swordfish tribe." As soon as he saw these big fish, Old Jiuling said immediately. Then he turned to Sun Buyu and said: "Elder Sun, please let the alien tribe prepare first, and let Bafang and I follow them. When they meet, we want to try to persuade them to see if they will surrender to us. If they can surrender to us, then we will save a lot of things."

Sun Buyu didn't object. He knew that Zhao Hai asked Jiuling Lao and the two of them to come here for this reason, so he nodded and said: "Okay, you two must be careful and don't let anything happen. Everything is based on your own safety. Even if they don't surrender, we can still take care of them. If something happens to you, our losses will be huge."

Both of them nodded, then turned and left. Sun Buyu immediately gave the order to the Alien Clan. The Alien Clan immediately stopped and started to be on full alert. They released countless bugs. Those bugs It has already penetrated into the ground. As for whether it has sneaked towards the enemy, only they know.

After Sun Buyu and the others gave the order, they directly enlarged the radar screen and called up the situation on the front line. Then they saw that Jiuling Lao and Bafang had left the Blood Killing Sect's encirclement. He rushed towards the swordfish, which made Sun Buyu and the others nervous.

The distance between the two sides was getting closer and closer, and soon the two sides were only about ten miles away from meeting each other. At this time, Jiuling Lao's body moved, and then his body appeared. His body was a giant turtle. , with this appearance, Sun Buyu and the others felt as if his figure was all over the radar screen.

Sun Buyu couldn't help but chuckled and said: "Good guy, I really didn't expect that Elder Jiuling's body would be so big. No wonder the sect wants to conquer him. If you don't look at anything else, you can tell just by looking at his body shape. The strength must be very strong. Having such a master join our Blood Killing Sect will be very beneficial to our Blood Killing Sect."

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, with such a big body, his strength must be the same. He appears now, probably just to let the people of the Swordfish clan know his identity, right?" Jiang Shenglin was very excited. Knowing what Mr. Jiuling meant, he had to let the other party know who he was before he could persuade him to surrender.

Not only Jiulinglao, but Bafang also showed his true form. The two of them swam forward together. Although there were only two of them, their temperament was extraordinary. After a while, they were in front of the Swordfish clan, and the Swordfish clan's When people saw the figures of the two people, they were immediately stunned, and all the people of the Swordfish clan stopped.

Old Jiuling glanced at the people of the Swordfish Clan, and then said: "That's right, the strength of the Swordfish Clan seems to have improved over the years, and many masters have appeared. I don't even know so many of them. Jianlin, are you still alive? Who has the final say from the Swordfish Clan now?" Old Jiuling spoke very rudely, and looked at those members of the Swordfish Clan coldly, and next to him Bafang just looked at those people without speaking.

At this time, among the swordfish clan, a huge swordfish with a length of more than forty meters moved and transformed into a monk about two meters tall. He was holding a short gun in one hand and looked mighty. He looked at it with excitement. Old Jiuling said: "Sir, I really didn't expect that you can still remember me. I have met you in Jianlin." After saying that, he gave a big salute to Old Jiuling, and several people from the Swordfish clan behind him, They all turned into human forms and paid homage to Boss Jiuling.

Old Jiuling moved and turned into a human form. Then he waved his hands and said, "Well, there is no need to be so polite to me. I heard from Bafang that the changes that happened to your Swordfish clan some time ago were really unexpected. Xiao Jian He died like this. I heard that the Dragon King has appointed a clan leader to the Swordfish clan. I wonder who it is? Can you come out and let me see him?" After saying this, he glanced back and forth at the Swordfish clan. several times.

At this time, a member of the Swordfish clan transformed into a human form and walked forward. He glanced at Old Jiu Ling and snorted coldly: "Traitor, you dare to show up. The Dragon King is looking for you. I didn’t expect that you would be so bold, well, I’m really lucky that I met you here.”

Jiuling Lao looked at him like an idiot. After a while, he turned to Jianlin and said, "Jianlin, is this the clan leader of your Swordfish clan?" He didn't know this person from the Swordfish clan, so he He asked this question because he felt that this guy was really not very smart.

There was a hint of shame on Jian Lin's face, but he still said: "Yes, sir, this is the leader of our Jianyu clan, Jian Jing." After saying that, he didn't say anything else, but he said to This sword actually has no respect at all.

Old Jiuling nodded, he glanced at the sword, and then said in a deep voice: "Xiao Jian has been the leader of the Swordfish clan for so many years, but he was killed by the Dragon King just because he persuaded the Dragon King. It can be seen that the Dragon King has already You are so bloodthirsty. As a member of the Swordfish clan, not only do you not think about avenging your clan leader, but you actually respect that Haunjun so much. It really opened my eyes. What? Do you still want to Are you going to arrest me?"

"Hahahaha, you are a wanted criminal, why can't I catch you, and you, Bafang, your appearance here means that your blue-light octopus clan has betrayed the Dragon King. No wonder the Pearl City was quickly lost. It turns out that the reason lies with you, so you just wait to be exterminated." The sword actually said.

Bafang looked at the Jianjing and snorted coldly: "You are indeed an idiot. I really don't know how the Dragon King chose you to be the leader of the Swordfish clan. Is it just because you are obedient? Do you want a sword? The fish clan has been led to death, Jianlin, are you just going to let such a thing ride on your head?"

When Jian Lin heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but reveal a wry smile. He glanced at Bafang and Jiuling Lao, and said with a wry smile: "Sir, Bafang Clan Chief, we don't want to either, but he has a treasure in his hand. This treasure is made from the scales of the Dragon King, and it is very powerful. He has already killed several elders of our Swordfish clan with that treasure, so we have to listen to him."

When Jian Lin said this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but be startled. Then he turned his head and glanced at Jian Jing. There was a hint of arrogance on Jian Jing's face, and he looked at Bafang and Old Jiuling with disdain. , seemed not to take the two of them seriously at all, which surprised both Bafang and Jiuling Lao.

Old Jiuling glanced at Jian Jing, and then said in a deep voice: "Jian Lin, I can solve this matter for you. I only have one thing to tell you. I have joined the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blue Light Octopus Clan has also After joining the Blood Killing Sect, we will deal with the Dragon King. Do you, the Swordfish Clan, also want to join the Blood Killing Sect with us and deal with the Dragon King together?"

Jiuling Lao said this very directly, and asked Jianlin directly if they were willing to join the Blood Killing Sect with him, because Jiuling Lao knew very well that the people of the Jianyu clan actually had very straight tempers. There is no need to hide what they say, and say what is best, otherwise it will arouse their resentment.