c7571 rest

Jiuling Lao and Bafang returned to Jiuling Lao's yard. After the two sat down in the living room, a puppet servant brought tea to them. Jiuling Lao said to Bafang: "Bafang, do you think we should or not? Directly helping the sect attack Shenlonghai Kingdom? To be honest, I really don’t want our hands to be stained with the blood of those in Shenlonghai Kingdom. Although they were ordered by the Dragon King, they are us after all. You are the people of Shenlonghai Kingdom."

Bafang said in a deep voice: "Sir, I think this is nothing to think about. We should do our best to help the sect deal with Shenlonghai Kingdom. We have decided to join the Blood Killing Sect, so we must follow the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, it is necessary to deal with the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, and I think that if we can deal with the Dragon King as soon as possible, we can save the lives of more people in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, and there is nothing wrong with this."

Jiuling Lao was stunned for a moment, then he glanced at Bafang and said in a deep voice: "So that's what you think. It seems that I did think a little wrong. You are right. The matter in Shenlonghai Kingdom will not be solved for a day. , the Dragon King will keep sending people to attack the Blood Killing Sect, and I think everyone knows exactly what the result will be, so it is business to deal with the Dragon King as soon as possible."

Bafang nodded, then he sighed softly and said: "I don't want our hands to be stained with the blood of those Sea people, but there is nothing we can do about it. With the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, we are facing the blood of the Blood Sect." When killing a clan, apart from dying in battle, I'm afraid I don't have any ability to resist. There is really no way at all."

Elder Jiuling also nodded, but did not speak for a while. After a while, Elder Jiuling said in a deep voice: "No matter what, I must do the work of persuading them to surrender. If they can really surrender, I must do it." , that is definitely a good thing for us, so that our sea clan's power can be preserved one more point."

Bafang nodded and said: "I'll go with you. I can also see that the people of the Blood Killing Sect are not really very bloodthirsty. In fact, they don't want to kill more people. If the sea in Shenlonghai Kingdom If the tribe doesn't resist, they won't kill anyone, and they will even give them the treatment of universal disciples, which is much better than when they were in Shenlonghai Kingdom."

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Yes, the treatment from the Blood Killing Sect is really good. This does have many benefits for the Hai clan people in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. The two of us will come forward together to persuade those people to surrender. I The chances of success are still very high, which is very good for them and us.”

Bafang said with a smile: "Yes, the two of us came forward together. The face is not small. I think most people will give us this face." Of course Bafang has this confidence. Their blue-light octopus clan is actually in the sea. They can be regarded as a strong fighting race, otherwise the Dragon King would not be able to let them manage Pearl City.

Just as the two were discussing these matters, Sun Buyu and the others had returned to the front line. The first thing Sun Buyu had to consider was not how many people Jiuling Lao and Bafang could persuade to surrender. The first thing he had to consider was if those people didn't surrender. How will they respond if they accept the two's persuasion to surrender? So they are actually ready to attack.

Sun Buyu is different from Bai Yan. Bai Yan is good at commanding on the spot, but Sun Buyu is not like that. Now the boss of the array stays with him at the front line, so Sun Buyu makes full use of this. He, Jiang Shenglin and the others are a few They directly participated in the work of the staff department and worked with the staff to formulate battle plans. They may not be good at this aspect, but the staff officers did not rely on imagination alone to formulate battle plans. It requires a lot of data to support, a lot of deductions, and then come up with various plans. What Sun Buyu and the others had to do was to put forward their own opinions, but they found that the staff had not thought of that aspect, or that If you think wrong, you will be reminded immediately. This is very important, so Sun Buyu and the others are really busy now.

After finishing the meeting with Mr. Zhen and the others and handing over the details of the battle plan to the staff department, Sun Bu met a few of them and then returned to the headquarters and sat in the rest area next to the headquarters. Someone brought tea. Sun Buyu took a sip of hot tea and took a breath and said, "I can finally rest for two days. To be honest, I was really exhausted in the past few days. I really didn't expect that Pearl City They all belong to us, and the remaining sea tribes will still resist us. If it hadn't been for the Blue Light Octopus Clan to come forward and let some people join our Blood Killing Sect, I'm afraid this matter wouldn't have happened until now. It’s not resolved yet.”

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "The prestige of the Blue Light Octopus clan in this area is really high, and they are very convinced of Jiuling Lao. From this point, it can be seen that Jiu Ling Lao was in Shenlong back then. The status here in Haiguo is definitely very high, even much higher than we imagined."

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Allowing Elder Jiuling to join the Blood Killing Sect is really the right move. We have really saved a lot of trouble, but you have found out? , ever since we captured Pearl City and the entire northern Dragon Realm, the people from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom seem to have reduced their attack power against us a lot."

Chen Chu nodded and said: "Yes, it has been reduced a lot. It seems that the Dragon King is also very aware of what is happening here. He knows that this place has been occupied by us now. With his previous offensive power, if he wants to It’s already very difficult to move us, but I’m a little surprised. Why didn’t he just send those powerful fighting races mentioned by Elder Jiuling to deal with us before? We haven’t even encountered a strong fighting race before. arrive."

Sun Buyu said solemnly: "From this point, we can also see that in fact, the Dragon King's control over the Shenlonghai Kingdom is not as strong as we imagined. The powerful fighting races mentioned by Jiuling Lao, There are quite a few who don’t listen to him, so it’s possible that those powerful warrior races haven’t attacked us yet.”

"What Elder Chang said before is that our biggest helper is actually the Yalonghai Clan. I think this may be right. Elder Bafang said that the Yalonghai Clan was taught by the Dragon King himself, but I Thinking about things, it is definitely not that simple. In my opinion, the Dragon King not only personally taught the Yalonghai Clan's exercises, but also used the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to influence the Yalonghai Clan, so that Only the Yalong Hai Clan may be our biggest opponent." Tang Yingyi said.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "I think so too. If this is really the case, then we have to be more careful. There is also the Shark Clan, and the situation of the Shark Clan, I think you all should know about it. , they are a warlike race. Although the shark clan we have come into contact with are all the shark clan of our Blood Killing Sect's sea clan, I think they are all sea clans and must have a lot in common. In other words, The shark clan here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom may be the same as the shark clan of our Blood Killing Sect. If that is the case, it would be impossible for this shark clan to surrender, and their fighting power is also very high. They are powerful, so you must pay special attention to this race.”

"I really feel that the Whale Clan will not surrender so easily. Although Jiuling Lao said that they usually don't listen very much to the Dragon King's orders, we must also pay attention. He mentioned two points, that is The people of the whale clan have a very gentle temper. Mild temper does not mean that they have no temper. Such people are often very fond of important events. They may not obey the orders of the Dragon King at ordinary times, but when they meet Shen Longhai When it comes to matters of national life and death, they may obey the Dragon King's orders and even become the Dragon King's strongest supporters, so we must be careful about this matter," Chen Chu said.

Sun Buyu said: "No matter what, we just have to be ready for battle. Just pretend that no race will surrender to us. We must deal with all the powerful fighting races of Shenlonghai Kingdom. I think we are so If you do it, there shouldn’t be any problems, what do you think?”

Everyone nodded. At this time, the old man Jiu Suan also came over. Sun Buyu and the others stood up quickly and asked the old man Jiu Suan to sit down. Sun Buyu poured him a cup of tea himself, and then said to the old man Jiu Ling: "Elder Jiu Suan, how is the arrangement of the magic circle?" Elder Jiu Ling has always been the frontline commander here and the first person to set up the magic circle. Sun Buyu and the others respect him very much, so they ask this question.

The old man Jiu Suan said in a deep voice: "The magic circle has been roughly completed and can be used now. The remaining problems are some minor problems that will not have a big impact on the use. It can be said that our base has been built now. Next You can attack in one step, and attack whenever you want."

Sun Buyu waved his hand vigorously and said: "Okay, the base is built, I feel confident in my heart, we can really do it now, we can attack when we advance, and we can defend when we retreat, but the disciple position is also very low these days. Thank you for your hard work. Let everyone take a good rest. Let's see. Now we are not in a hurry to attack anyway, and we also need to conduct some training for the Sea Tribe. How about a longer rest this time? How about ten days? "

Jiang Shenglin and the others had no objection and all nodded. Jiang Shenglin even said: "Okay, just ten days. In fact, a ten-day rest period is not very long. After all, we still have to train with the Hai Clan. This kind of training is very If necessary, we will rest for ten days and then attack. When the sea tribe joins us, maybe our attack speed will be faster."

The old man Jiu Suan also nodded and said: "I think the ten days of rest is a bit short. You must know that from the time you entered the Dragon Realm to taking over the entire northern area of ​​the Dragon Realm, during this period of time, you basically You haven't had much rest. It didn't take you long to attack here in the north, but the attack from the south has almost never stopped. In this case, you have no way to rest well. Now the south has stopped. , you can just take advantage of this opportunity to have a good rest."