c7579 Take action

In fact, not only the people of the Swordfish clan, but many people in the Sea clan are actually very straight-tempered. If you like someone, you just like it, and if you don’t like it, you don’t like it. Therefore, you must be direct when speaking to the people of the Sea clan. Okay, if it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work. Never give them a specious answer, that won’t work, and it will only make them disgusted.

Old Jiuling, who has always been a superior in the past, naturally knows this very well. It is precisely because he knows this that Old Jiuling is so direct when talking to people from the Swordfish clan. In front of all the members of the Jianyu clan, he directly showed that he had no good impressions of Jian Jing. Jian Lin's behavior was similar to him. He directly told Elder Jiuling that we also had no good impressions of Jian Jing. But he has a powerful magic weapon in his hand. We can't defeat him, so we have to listen to him. If it were a human monk, even if he didn't have feelings for someone, he wouldn't say it so directly. This is the sea tribe. His character is straightforward.

When Jian Lin heard what Mr. Jiuling said, he was stunned for a moment, then he glanced at Jian Jing, and then he said in a deep voice: "Master Jiuling, it's not that we don't want to go with you, but the weapon in Jian Jing's hand is really It's too scary. If you can defeat the magic weapon in his hand, then it doesn't matter if we go with you. We really want to avenge the clan leader."

Jian Lin said it so directly, which already showed that he really didn't like Jian Jing at all, and obviously Jian Jing also knew this. He snorted coldly, and then he said to Jian Lin: "Jian Lin , remember what you said today, after this mission, I will deal with you, Old Jiuling, I know who you are, and I also know your strength, but you are unlucky, you are wanted by the Dragon King I will take you back today, and you will die." After saying this, he moved his hand, and a black shield as big as a palm appeared in his hand.

The shape of his shield is very weird. It looks like the scales of some animal. It is all black, but it looks like crystal. It is very beautiful. The shield just appeared in his hand. , he immediately sacrificed it. The shield swelled in the wind and turned into a large shield about two meters high. However, the edge of this large shield looked very sharp and did not look like an ordinary shield. The thick feeling of the shield actually gives people a very sharp feeling. It is really unexpected that such a feeling appears on a shield.

"Go!" Following this voice, I saw the shield and flew directly from Jiuling Lao. Although it was in the water, the shield was still moving very fast, like a black streak. Like lightning, it struck straight at Old Jiu Ling. At this time, it was impossible for Old Jiu Ling to reveal his true form.

However, Jiuling Lao's reaction was not slow at all. He immediately stretched his hand forward, and then shouted: "Sure!" Following his voice, the surrounding seawater seemed to solidify, and immediately stopped. There, everything in the seawater stopped there.

But the shield was very powerful. It was not affected by the sea water at all. It passed directly through the sea water and hit the old man Jiuling. The old man Jiuling had not yet reacted. Seeing that the shield was It was about to hit him, which made Old Jiuling's expression change. This time he really felt the terrifying nature of this shield, and he now believed Jian Lin's words that this shield might really be used. It is made of the scales of the Dragon King. Otherwise, it would be impossible to ignore his ability to suppress water and still attack directly.

You must know that Jiuling Lao's ability to suppress water is very powerful. When he fought with Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai almost fell into his trap, let alone saying goodbye. Anyone who can ignore this ability There is only one person, and that is the Dragon King. Because this space was born because of the Dragon King, the Dragon King is the master of this space, so he can completely disrespect the power of water.

But it was too late to think about this now. The shield was about to hit him. He had no chance to react now. The speed of the shield was too fast, but at this moment, a hand suddenly appeared. In front of Jiulinglao, he grabbed the shield that was only about a foot away from Jiulinglao's face.

This hand is not very big, nor does it look very strong, and the way he grabs the shield does not look like he is grabbing a large shield more than two meters high. Instead, it is a bit like grabbing an ordinary stone. It was the same, and he easily grabbed the shield in his hand.

What was even more surprising was that the shield in his hand was shrinking rapidly, and finally became the size of a palm again. Then the owner of that hand put it in front of his eyes and looked at it carefully. He was playing with it as if what he was holding was not a murder weapon at all, but a work of art made of crystal.

Everyone stared blankly at the sudden appearance of this person. Everyone was very surprised by this sudden appearance. However, Jiuling Lao and Bafang were not surprised at all. As soon as they saw this person, The man hurriedly saluted to this person and said: "I have met the sect master."

The person who came was none other than Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai had been paying attention to the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. He was naturally very careful about the actions of Jiuling Lao and the others, so he appeared here. Now when he heard what the two said , he just waved his hand, then he raised his head and glanced at the sword that was staring blankly at him, then he threw the smaller shield in his hand and said to the sword: " Do you think this thing is a magic weapon? Or is it made of the dragon scales of that dragon king? Hahahaha, it’s really funny, anyway, I’ll let you know what this thing is.” After saying this, he saw his hand forcefully , the shield actually cracked in his hand, and the next moment it turned into a black smoke and disappeared into the sea.

As soon as they saw this scene, everyone at the scene was stunned. They really didn't know what Zhao Hai meant, why he did this, and why the shield turned into a black smoke after it cracked. ? what 's wrong? Only Jiuling Lao and Bafang vaguely guessed something.

Zhao Hai glanced at the people of the Swordfish Clan, then smiled slightly and said: "This thing is a crystallization of energy. It contains a trace of your Dragon King's will, but its main body of energy is a kind of energy called Shadow Clan." The energy of the power of law. If you carry this energy crystal with you, you can use it as a magic weapon. It is very powerful. It can also help you practice and make your practice faster. But at the same time, He will also slowly change your physique, making your physique slowly become more like ShadowClan. The longer you carry this thing with you, the greater its influence on you will be. Not only will it It can change your physique and even your thinking, so this thing is actually a thing used to control you, but you still regard it as a treasure."

The people of the Swordfish clan may not believe Zhao Hai's words, but Jiuling Lao and Bafang believe Zhao Hai's words. They have not been worrying about the war in the Dragon Realm these years. They are also worried about the Blood Killing Sect and After learning about the Shadow Clan, they now know what kind of sect the Blood Killing Sect is and what the Shadow Clan is about, so they believe Zhao Hai's words very much and feel that Zhao Hai is not a sect. Would lie to them about something like this.

Jian Jing had already reacted at this time. He looked at Zhao Hai with a pale face and snorted coldly: "Who are you? How dare you be so rude to Lord Dragon King? How dare you destroy Lord Dragon King's scales? And you said those incomprehensible words? Who are you?"

Before Zhao Hai could speak, Old Jiuling spoke first. He said in a deep voice: "Jian Jing, this is Zhao Hai, the leader of our Blood Killing Sect. This time he is here to deal with the Dragon King. The current Dragon King has already He is no longer the Dragon King before, he is controlled by a very evil consciousness, so he does those outrageous things, and the sect master is here to deal with him this time."

"Nonsense, what's wrong with what the Dragon King did? He just took the power into his hands. The Dragon World was born because of the Dragon King, but all the tribes are not grateful to the Dragon King. On the contrary, they He was actually very rude to the Dragon King. What's wrong with the Dragon King taking back his power? Also, is this Blood Killer Sect you're talking about the same people who invaded our Shenlonghai Kingdom? Outsiders like them, Attack our Shenlonghai Kingdom. You people, instead of saying that you want to unite with the Dragon King and follow the Dragon King to deal with those people, you instead join the enemy and follow them to deal with our Shenlonghai Kingdom. You are really shameless to the extreme. ." After Jian Jing heard what Jiuling Lao said, he immediately cursed, and when these words came out of his mouth, it actually made people feel that there was a trace of truth.

Zhao Hai looked at the Jianjing, smiled slightly and said: "Yes, it seems that the Dragon King has really brainwashed you. You have even taken the death of your clan leader as a matter of course. Why was your clan leader killed? It's nothing more than You just told some truths. If you tell the truth, you will be killed. For the sake of the sea people here in Dragon Realm, you will be killed? The Dragon King is really too unqualified to be a king. That's all. I don't bother to talk to you. Look. It seems like you won’t join our Blood Killing Sect, so let me ask, besides him, who else doesn’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect? Everyone, please come forward.”

Jiuling Lao was shocked when he heard what Zhao Hai said. He knew Zhao Hai's strength very well. If those people from the Swordfish Clan really didn't want to join the Blood Killing Sect, then Zhao Hai would definitely treat them. If he takes action, Zhao Hai is fully capable of killing them all.

Old Jiuling said quickly: "Jian Lin, this is your chance. The sect master is right. The Dragon King is really controlled by a consciousness. If you think about it carefully, what he has done in these years, although it is not It’s different from the freshman year before. This is the reason why he was controlled. Xiaojian was killed because of this. He wants to change our Shenlonghai Kingdom into something else. We absolutely cannot agree. Join us and follow Let’s overthrow the Dragon King’s rule together and let all the people of Shenlonghai Kingdom live a good life.”

: