c7577 Be careful

"Invisible benefits?" Elder Jiuling looked at Sun Buyu with some confusion. He really didn't know what invisible benefits there were in the Blood Killing Sect. In his opinion, the welfare system in the Blood Killing Sect was still very complete. There is no such thing as invisible welfare. Where did Sun Buyu start talking about it?

Sun Buyu smiled bitterly, turned to look at Jiang Shenglin, Jiang Shenglin nodded, and then said: "Chief Nine Spirits, the invisible benefits mentioned by our Blood Killing Sect may be very different from what you think. The invisible benefits we are talking about are actually things that are beneficial to our practice, and they do not refer to materials. For example, the time acceleration area of ​​our Blood Killing Sect, I think you have heard of this place, right?"

Elder Jiuling nodded and said, "I've heard that it seems to be an area where the flow of time is different from ours. The past ten days there are equivalent to one day passing here. Isn't that true?" Elder Jiuling really said. He has heard about this matter because he is a core elder, but he has only heard about it. He doesn't know much about what is going on.

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "You are right. The time acceleration area is an area created by the sect. It is of great help to the monks. They have practiced there for ten days, while only one day has passed outside. There is one thing. It’s like time speeding up in a real illusion, but in a real illusion, you can’t practice spiritual energy, but there, you can practice spiritual energy.”

Tang Yingyi sighed and said: "This time acceleration area seems to be of no benefit. We have been practicing inside for ten days, and only one day has passed outside. When we have practiced for ten years inside, it has only passed one day outside. It seems like we have wasted nine years of our lives. But Elder Jiuling, we are all monks. We should know that our time is not calculated in this way. We practice ten years in it. Years, these ten years, we are in retreat in a place without any fighting and with very strong spiritual energy. Think about it, how much we will gain in these ten years. If we don’t do it right, we may The most important thing is that in these ten years, our strength will increase by leaps and bounds, and we will distance ourselves from other people. How big a benefit is this? But there are many people who want to enter the time acceleration area to practice. , why do you have to go, just because you are a core elder? Buyu is not a core elder yet, but he has made enough contributions to the sect. Of course, the sect will think of him first, and then think of us. , there are no core elders who have made any contribution to the sect.”

Sun Buyu smiled, and then said: "This is just an invisible benefit. There is another invisible benefit that is also very important, and that is the guidance of the sect master." He paused here, and then he looked at Old Jiuling He glanced at Bafang, and then said: "Elder Jiuling, Elder Bafang, you two have just joined the Blood Killing Sect. You may not quite understand what the four words pointed by the sect master mean, but there is one thing you should understand, that is When you were learning some of the sect's exercises, you should have all seen the projection of the sect master and listened to the projection of the sect master explaining those exercises. Can you tell me how the explanation was?"

Upon hearing what Sun Buyu said, Jiuling Lao and Bafang immediately thought of the time when they were learning the exercises, and when they heard Zhao Hai's projection explaining the exercises, the two of them showed a look of fascination almost at the same time, Bafang He even said: "I have never seen anyone who can teach the practice of Kung Fu so well and explain it in a simple and profound way. The explanation is really good, really, really good."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Yes, everyone feels this way, but few people can get guidance from the sect leader in person, rather than through projection. You may not believe it when I say this, but this is Really, face-to-face guidance from the sect master is really important to the people in the sect. Those who have received face-to-face guidance from the sect master will all have rapid improvement in strength and will understand what path they want to take. This is very important to us. Everyone wants to get personal guidance from the sect master, but there are really not many such people, so in the sect, such opportunities will be regarded as invisible benefits. .

Both Jiuling Lao and Bafang understood that they were both from the Dragon Realm. In the Dragon Realm, the status of the Dragon King was similar to that of Zhao Hai. It might be slightly worse than Zhao Hai's status in the Blood Killing Sect, but even if That's right. In the Dragon Realm, there are still countless people who want to get Zhao Hai's guidance. It is precisely because of this that in the Dragon Realm, although the Dragon King can be said to be rebellious, there are still many races in the Dragon Realm. , willing to be loyal to him.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "These are the invisible benefits of our Blood Killing Sect, and how important these invisible benefits are to masters like you, I don't think I need to explain them, so don't I thought that once I became a core elder, I really thought everything would be fine, and there was competition among the core elders."

Jiuling Lao and Bafang both nodded, their faces a little solemn. They knew very well that what Sun Buyu said was the most important. In fact, the invisible benefits Sun Buyu said only related to Zhao Hai. , the time acceleration area created by Zhao Hai, the people who enter the time acceleration area are also designated by Zhao Hai, and the opportunity for Zhao Hai to give personal guidance is naturally designated by Zhao Hai, so this so-called competition is actually a fight over who is in it. Zhao Hai left a deep impression. Zhao Hai remembers you. If there is any good thing, he will naturally think of you. If you keep practicing and don’t do things for the Blood Killing Sect or show up in front of Zhao Hai, there will be no If you show any kind of performance, then Zhao Hai will naturally not remember you. If there are any benefits, he will naturally not think of you. This is the root of invisible benefits.

Chen Chu glanced at the two of them, calculated the time again, and then said: "It's almost time, let the disciples stop and repair. Today we have advanced a long distance, and we fought before adding After a game, the disciples also need a good rest."

Sun Buyu and the others also nodded, and then Sun Buyu said: "Okay, give the order, the whole army stops advancing, and the rear team will follow and set up a magic circle." The staff member responded, and immediately went to prepare, and then they killed each other. The sect's army all stopped, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples behind them began to move forward, and immediately began to arrange the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle, and established the Blood Killing Sect's base. Only in this way can the Blood Killing Sect's base be established. Only then can the disciples rest at ease.

As soon as he saw that all the disciples were resting, Sun Buyu asked his staff to arrange for people to be on guard, and then he let everyone go to rest. After the quarrel at the headquarters, one person was left behind. This person was none other than someone else. It's Jiang Shenglin. Let Jiang Shenglin watch from the headquarters so that others can rest at ease.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang arrived at Jiuling Lao's room together. Their room was right here on the radar ship. This radar ship also had an internal space, so the ship was very big. Both of them had a large room, but the two We have a better relationship with each other. Sometimes when we take a break, we will come together to chat.

But this time when the two of them sat in the room, they lost interest in talking for a while. After a while, Old Jiuling smiled bitterly and said: "I really didn't expect that there is such an invisible benefit in the Blood Killing Sect. Fortunately, they told us, otherwise, we might have suffered a big loss in this regard in the future."

Bafang looked at Jiuling and said, "Sir, do you want to tell other people about this news? I mean other people from the Sea Clan. The sect master said that the Sea Clan is under the control of us and a few other Sea Clan people. Those Sea Clan people , all of them are the original Hai tribe members of the Blood Killing Sect. They may not have understood this until now, otherwise they would not have stayed away from participating in the Blood Killing Sect’s actions. Should we tell them about this? "

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "Of course I have to say it, I must tell them, otherwise I will be sorry for them. If we let them know in the future, they may blame us. We have just joined the Blood Killing Sect, but we can't Play with such little tricks, otherwise, we will be unable to move forward in the Blood Killing Sect in the future."

At this point, he sighed, and then said: "Don't you understand the situation of the Blood Killing Sect? In the Blood Killing Sect, no one cares so much. Just like Jiang Shenglin and the others said, they and Bai Yan They joined the Blood Killing Sect together, and now Bai Yan is ahead of them, but they are not angry with Bai Yan. On the contrary, they just think that the problem appears in them, and this is a problem among the people in the Blood Killing Sect. The general mentality is that everyone is competing, but it is very normal for everyone to compete. No one deliberately fights against others for the sake of competition. Instead, they work hard to improve themselves and contribute to the sect. This way of competition , is what I like, and we have to compete in this way. If we use small means and are really discovered by the sect leader, then we will be finished."

Bafang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's talk to them when we have the chance. Tell them everything Jiang Shenglin and the others said. Sir, what should we do next?" Bafang is still a little worried about the upcoming battle. What he was worried about was not that the Blood Killing Sect was no match for the Dragon Realm, he was worried that they wouldn't be able to do anything, especially after hearing what Jiang Shenglin and the others said, he became even more worried about this.

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "Look at what you are saying, look at who the enemy we encounter next is, no matter who it is, we will try to persuade him next, even if it is a member of the Shark Clan, If we can really persuade them to surrender, that would be the best thing. Even if we can't, we haven't wasted anything, as long as we remember to protect ourselves."

Bafang nodded and said: "Okay, I think even the Shark Clan people have no chance of persuading them to surrender. Although the Shark Clan people are warlike and have a bad temper, it doesn't mean that they are serious. They don’t have any brains, it’s impossible for them not to know the current situation, and with the two of us trying to persuade them together, they will think about it carefully, after all, there is a big difference between the shark tribe and the crab tribe.”