c7575 nourish

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Don't worry, the alien clan will not rebel. You should also know by now that the alien clan and the undead clan are all servant races of the sect master. Their strength is Very strong, but they are the most loyal to the sect master. They are born because of the sect master, and they are born because of the sect master. If something happens to the sect master, they will not survive. It is precisely because of this, so you don’t have to do it at all. Worry about these things.”

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what he said, they were all stunned. Then they looked at each other and nodded without saying anything. They also knew that there were many things in the Blood Killing Sect that they knew I don’t know, if Sun Buyu said this, it means it must be like this, so they can rest assured.

While they were talking, the fighting outside was still going on, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not take action. They were all fighting there one by one, watching the battle ahead, and felt very worried about the disciples of the Insect Chao Blood Killing Sect. Surprised, they really didn't expect that once these little bugs formed a large scale, their power would be so huge.

Time passed little by little, and five hours passed in the blink of an eye. At this time, the battle outside was coming to an end. Some of the crabs had already escaped. Although their brains were not working well, it did not matter. It means that they don't know how to be afraid. They are very afraid now, so they all jump away.

When the last slow-running crab was eliminated, the little bugs stopped attacking and flew directly back to the alien form. However, the aliens all had big mouths, and the little bugs flew directly in It fell into their mouths and disappeared, as if their mouths were a bottomless pit, no matter how many bugs they could hold.

When Jiuling Lao and Bafang saw this situation, they couldn't help being surprised. They knew that the striped shellfish did not have such an ability, but these aliens did. From this point of view, it can be seen that It can be concluded that these aliens are much stronger than those striped shellfish.

Sun Buyu looked at them, smiled slightly, and said in a deep voice: "The alien clan has always been one of the strongest combat forces in our Blood Killing Sect. For a long time, they had no way to practice on their own, so they had to rely on They absorbed the genes of other creatures to evolve, so their strength increased very slowly. Later, the sect solved this problem for them. I believe that they will gradually become the most powerful fighting race of the Blood Killing Sect. Now they The reason why they are not yet is because their number is still too small. When their number increases, they will be invincible in the world."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also nodded. They were convinced that the strength of the alien clan would definitely become stronger and stronger. At the very least, it would be much stronger than it is now and become the most powerful fighting race in the Blood Killing Sect. , it's just a matter of time, they are still very confident in the alien family.

Sun Buyu then turned to the staff officer next to him and said: "Order the army to continue to move forward and tell the people of the Alien Clan that this time it is to train them and let them go free. If they pass through the Dragon Realm, some members of the Alien Clan can appear, such as If Elder Ding and the others are masters like them, even if the other disciples don't participate in the attack, we will still make a profit."

The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. Sun Buyu and the others could see through the radar screen that the aliens seemed to be very excited when they received the order and swam forward quickly. Go, as if he can't wait to fight the enemy.

Sun Buyu turned to Elder Jiuling and the others and said: "I heard from the sect leader that he used the alien clan to destroy several interfaces. At that time, he didn't know that the power of the laws of the shadow clan existed. He was just ascending. In the end, there was a conflict with the people in those interfaces, so he released the alien clan and destroyed several interfaces. In recent years, the sect leader has cultivated his mind and nature, so the killings have gradually decreased a lot. Otherwise, he was afraid that I won't give you a chance, the Blood Killing Sect's army will push all the way across, and they can wipe out the entire Dragon Realm directly."

Jiuling Lao and Bafang both nodded. To be honest, in their opinion, the Blood Killing Sect really has such strength. If Zhao Hai hadn't given them a chance, they would have been absolutely unstoppable with the strength in Pearl City. Those who live under the attack of the Blood Killing Sect, the more they know about the Blood Killing Sect, the more they are in awe of the Blood Killing Sect, and the more they feel that their luck is really great. If the Blood Killing Sect really doesn't give them a chance, If they push it all the way flat, then they are really doomed.

Sun Buyu smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "The number of masters in our Blood Killing Sect is still too small now. If we can train more masters through Dragon Realm, it will definitely be a good thing for our Blood Killing Sect. Son, so I am planning to attack here in the Dragon Realm, focusing on those aliens and focusing on cultivating them."

Too few experts? When they heard Sun Buyu say these words, Jiuling Lao and Bafang felt dizzy. They really didn't know why Sun Buyu and the others felt that there were few masters in the Blood Killing Sect. They were the only ones who knew. As far as we know, there are already quite a few masters of the Blood Killing Sect, many more than those in the Dragon Realm. How could they be less?

It is precisely because of this that the two of them looked at each other and didn't know what to say for a moment. They really didn't think that the number of masters in the Blood Killing Sect was small now, but when Sun Buyu said this , Jiang Shenglin and the others didn't have any objection at all, which is interesting. This shows that they also thought that at the same time as Sun Buyu said, they also thought that the number of masters of the Blood Killing Sect was too small, which was a bit scary.

Sun Buyu also noticed the expressions of the two of them. He smiled bitterly and said: "I know, you two may think that what I said is a bit too much. Our Blood Killing Sect now has so many people, and there are also many experts. Why do I still think that our Blood Killing Sect has few masters? Do you think so?" Sun Buyu said this directly to the two of them.

The two nodded, they really thought so. Sun Buyu looked at the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "It's not surprising that you two think so. You look at the whole world based on the strength of the Dragon Realm. , but we are different. We do not look at the entire world based on the strength of the Dragon Realm. I think you two also know that the Dragon Realm is just an inner space refined by the great power of the Wanshan Realm. There is really nothing to pay attention to, and the area of ​​​​Wanshan Realm seems to be very huge, with countless sects. The people of those sects, relying on their own strength, blocked the attack of the Shadow Clan. It can be seen that their How powerful the strength is. To be honest, in the face of such a force, even our Blood Killing Sect does not dare to take it lightly. In other words, once we arrive at Wanshan Realm, we will face countless masters. The strength of the sect may not be the strongest in Wanshan Realm. In this case, if our Blood Killing Sect does not have some masters, then when our Blood Killing Sect reaches Wanshan Realm, we can only give Food is being delivered.”

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what Sun Buyu said, they were all stunned, but then their expressions changed. To be honest, they really had not thought of this. Elder Jiuling looked at Sun Buyu and said: "Elder Sun , is the strength of Wanshan Realm really that strong?"

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Of course, in fact, the strength of Wanshan Realm is absolutely extremely powerful. When we first ascended, the territory we ascended to was the Black and White Battlefield. In the Black and White Battlefield, we also fought with the people of Wanshan Realm. We have interacted with each other, and even now there are several people from the Wanshan Realm in the sect. We know about the situation in the Wanshan Realm from their mouths. We all know how strong the Wanshan Realm is, so That’s why we are so careful.”

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "The Wanshan Realm and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws in the Wanshan Realm also discovered the Tianlong Babu Realm, but they only discovered the black and white battlefield in the Tianlong Babu Realm, and did not discover the following. In several realms, although they also discovered those space passages, they had no idea what those space passages were used for. They also sent people to check, but again, no one could go back, so they thought that those space passages were , is an absolute, so they don’t know that the Tianlong Babu Realm is actually a huge interface connected by several interfaces. The people of the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan are just competing for supremacy on the black and white battlefield. No one has thought about it. Check out several other interfaces."

Chen Chu said in a deep voice: "However, the power of the Shadow Clan Laws in the other interfaces should be transmitted from the Black and White Battlefield, because in the entire Tianlong Eight Tribes, only the Black and White Battlefield has space cracks connected to the outside world. , the crack was broken, and the power of the laws of the shadow clan entered from there to the black and white battlefield, and then entered several other interfaces from there. Because of the long time, the power of the laws of the shadow clan slowed down. Slowly entered several other interfaces and occupied those interfaces. The Dragon King may have been affected by the power of this law, which made him what he is now. But look at the Dragon King's current behavior. , he has been completely assimilated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and there is no way to save him, so he can only be destroyed."

Tang Yingyi said solemnly: "No matter what, we have to deal with the Dragon King anyway. We must take down all the eight realms of Tianlong, and then we can gather the power of all the interfaces, combine these interfaces, and let them become Into one interface, and by merging these eight interfaces together, there may be a real pure land, a pure land, the supreme treasure of Buddhism. With this thing, the strength of our Blood Killing Sect will definitely increase greatly. When you use the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, you will definitely get twice the result with half the effort."

The few people were talking to each other, and Jiuling Lao and Bafang were stunned. They all looked at the few people blankly. To be honest, they didn't quite understand a lot of what the few people said. , so they really can't say a word now. They only know that as long as they capture the Tianlong Babu Realm, the Blood Killing Sect's strength will increase, and they can also enter the Wanshan Realm. It made them very excited, and they really wanted to visit Wanshan Realm.