c7572 squirting clam

Sun Buyu and the others attached great importance to the suggestion of Old Man Jiu Suan. Finally, after discussing with Chang Jun, they adjusted the rest period to fifteen days, which is half a month. At the same time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also began to A full-scale attack was carried out to the Dragon Realm. Because the northern area of ​​the Dragon Realm had not been completely captured before, even if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect came in, there was no place for them to rest, so the Blood Killing Sect entered the disciples of the Dragon Realm. The number is only about ten million, and those who actually attack the northern region are only about three million. The remaining seven million are guarding the southern front.

Now that Pearl City is in their hands, they have also taken over the entire northern area. They have improved the houses in Pearl City so that they can accommodate many people, and have built many inner space rest areas. It can accommodate a lot of disciples at once, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect began to enter the Dragon Realm in large numbers. In just a short period of time, more than 10 billion disciples have entered the Dragon Realm.

What Chang Jun and the others said about joint training between ordinary disciples of the Hai Clan and the Blood Killing Sect also started in the real illusion, because in the real illusion, they can train for a longer time, so all The training is all put into the real illusion. Anyway, they are all veterans, and they have all seen blood. The purpose of training in the real illusion is to train their ability to cooperate in combat, and it is not really for them to conduct actual combat training. Once I started training, it became much easier.

Sun Buyu and the others have been staring at this matter these days. Jiuling Lao, Bafang and the others are also staring at this matter. They know very well that in the Dragon Realm, fighting against the Sea Clan in the Dragon Realm still requires It is better to use the Sea Clan. Although the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not weak in combat, they will be affected to a certain extent by the Sea Clan, so they still have to take the lead in this matter. All taken very seriously.

Fifteen days passed in the time of training and troop deployment. After fifteen days, when Sun Buyu and others were preparing to launch an attack on the Dragon Realm, they found that the available troops under their command had reached Nearly 40 billion, of which 10 billion are from the Hai tribe.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang were all here at the frontline headquarters. Sun Buyu turned to look at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "Everyone, after half a month of training, our disciples are now familiar with how to swim in the water. How to cooperate with the Hai Clan to fight, then we will make the next plan to attack the Shenlong Hai Kingdom."

Everyone responded excitedly, only Jiuling Lao and Bafang looked a little complicated. Sun Buyu also saw the expressions on their faces, but he didn't say anything. He knew that it was useless to say anything now, so he just They simply didn't say anything and pretended that they didn't see it, because they knew that this was the heart knot of Jiuling Lao and the others, and they had to solve it themselves, and there was nothing he could do. So he went on to say: "I think everyone has seen their battle plan, Boss Zhen, so I won't say anything more. Come here, pass the order. According to our original plan, the entire army will attack."

A staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. After this order, the entire Blood Killing Sect army began to slowly advance forward. This time, the ones at the front were still the Alien clan. Behind the Alien clan, They are the people of the Hai tribe. Behind the people of the Hai tribe are the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. These ordinary disciples are not only moving forward, they are also setting up the magic circle, and the general commander of the magic circle is the old man Jiu Suan.

The tens of billions of troops were advancing together. The scene was too spectacular. Although Sun did not meet them, they all stayed on the radar ship. He could only see the situation outside through the radar screen, but when he saw the dense crowds on the radar, They still felt extremely excited about the light spots. Each light spot represented a person. With so many people fighting under their command, how could they not be excited.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang were also shaken. They had never seen a battle involving so many people. Such a battle had never happened here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. There had not even been any battles before, because the Shenlong Sea Kingdom was born from Since that day, unless they had been under the rule of the Dragon King, there had been no war at all, and a war like this was even more impossible, so they really had never seen such a war.

How could they not be excited when they saw so many armies attacking together? The eyes of Jiuling Lao and Bafang were fixed on the light spots of the Blood Killing Sect army, especially the light spots in front, because they It is very clear that among the light spots in front, although some are from the alien clan, most of them are from the sea clan.

Sun Buyu and the others were all looking at the radar screen, but what they were paying attention to was not the march of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. They didn't have to worry about that. What they really paid attention to was the enemies appearing in front, because they didn't know when something would appear. Such an enemy, so I was a little nervous.

Time passed little by little, and the Blood Killing Sect's army kept advancing. It was very quiet here at the headquarters. Because they did not encounter any enemies, there was no need to worry, so the entire army was very quiet all the time. , everyone was just on their way, so it was naturally very quiet.

At this moment, the aliens who suddenly walked to the front felt water arrows shot straight at them from the bottom of the sea. The water arrows were very fast and powerful, and they didn't even hit them. They didn't have any time to react, and they had already ejaculated.

Those aliens felt their bodies tremble, and then there was pain in their abdomens. Then they felt a very powerful force passed directly from their abdomens to their bodies, and their bodies were beaten by this force. , they immediately bent up, and then a large amount of blood flowed out from their abdomens, but they did not die.

But soon the second water arrow was shot out again, but this time the water arrow had no effect as before. The aliens had already reacted. Although they were injured, they were not dead. And they still have fighting power, so a large piece of something like a shield immediately appeared under their bodies, blocking it directly.

There was a loud bang as the water arrows hit the shield directly, but the alien bodies were healing rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye. Then I saw small black dots, which flew directly from their bodies, fell to the bottom of the sea, and then disappeared directly under the bottom of the sea.

And as those little black dots disappeared, the bottom of the sea immediately became lively. Things like pipes stretched out from the bottom of the sea, waving in the air. When he saw those things, Jiuling Lao couldn't help but relax. He took a breath and then murmured: "It turns out that the water-squirting clams usually bury themselves under the sea. They usually just stick out the tube-like part to eat. Their attack method is to spray water. In the sea, The number is not very large, I really didn’t expect that they would also participate in the attack on us.”

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "It can be seen that the attack of these water-spitting clams is not very strong, otherwise those alien disciples would not be able to fight, but this is fine, we can take care of them. It's gone." The others were stunned when they saw what he said. They didn't know what he meant. Those water-spouting clams were really worthless.

Sun Buyu turned to look at the others, and said with a slight smile: "The aliens just sent back the news. They asked the alien insects to clean up the water-spouting clams. They couldn't have imagined that the water-spouting clams were not very powerful, but The spiritual energy contained in the body is very strong, if you cultivate it properly, you can treat them as food."

Old Jiuling also nodded and said: "This idea is very good. You can completely treat those water-spouting clams as food. In fact, those water-spouting clams have no intelligence. They are just sea beasts that act on instinct. Children, and the taste is very good, so it is very good to use them as food."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Yes, the Alien Clan also said the same. If it seems that we can get some of that thing into the sect, we can cultivate it, and maybe there will be such clams to eat in the future. "In the past, our food didn't have a lot of food from the sea, but later we got some. I have to admit that the Jiangxi food from the sea tastes really good, what do you think?"

Jiang Shenglin and the others had all eaten those seafoods. When Sun Buyu said this, they all nodded. Jiang Shenglin said, "Yes, those things in the sea taste very good, so let the alien clan make some." Well, I really have never eaten this kind of water-squirting clam before."

Sun Buyu nodded, turned around and gave an order to the staff on the side, asking the alien clan to catch as many live water-spouting clams as possible. However, there was a very strange smile on the face of Old Jiuling. The same was true on their faces. Sun Buyu noticed the smiles on their faces. He looked at them with some confusion and said, "What's wrong, you two? What's the problem?"

Old Jiuling shook his head quickly and said: "No problem, the taste of this water-squirting clam should be good, but the appearance of this thing is a bit weird, so you'd better be prepared." When he said this, his face changed. It was even more weird, and Bafang's face was also very weird. It seemed that he wanted to laugh, but was a little embarrassed to do so.

Sun Buyu and the others looked at Old Jiuling with some confusion. They didn't know what Old Jiuling meant. Isn't it just a clam? It's not poisonous. Why are they like this? Sun Buyu glanced at the two of them and said nothing. He knew that as long as he dug out those water-spouting clams, he would know why they behaved like this.

Those aliens also received Sun Buyu's order, and they quickly controlled the clams. They knew how to use earth magic, so it was not difficult to dig out the clams. Wait until the first clam sprayed water. When they were dug out, Sun Buyu and the others' expressions suddenly became strange. They knew why Old Jiuling and Bafang's expressions were so strange.