c7586 Tu Ying

The figures of Bafang and Tu Jinbo once appeared in the sea of ​​the Dragon Realm. As soon as the two appeared, Bafang glanced around. Fortunately, the place they chose before was very hidden, and there was no one at all, and the two of them The people were not gone for a long time, no one looked for them, and no one paid attention to them.

Tu Jinbo was very silent as he entered. He kept his head lowered, not knowing what he was thinking. Bafang glanced at him and couldn't help but smile. He almost knew what Tu Jinbo was thinking, although they had just sketched it. He took a look at the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, but he believed that even what they had just seen had already shocked Tu Jinbo.

Bafang coughed slightly, and then said: "Old Tu, we are back. What do you think, and give us an explanation?" Bafang wanted to hear what Tu Jinbo thought, so He asked this because he really didn't want to hear Tu Jinbo reject him. If that was really the case, then Tu Jinbo's order was almost certain.

Tu Jinbo seemed to have come to his senses at this time. He raised his head and glanced at Bafang, smiled bitterly and said: "Old Ba, what else do you think I can choose? I have no other choice at all. The Blood Killing Sect Its strength is completely beyond my imagination. If our swordfish clan really fights against the Blood Killing Sect, it will really be over. So I have no other choice, but you also know that this matter What I said doesn’t count, I have to meet our clan leader, and the clan leader will decide.”

Bafang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "It would be better if I or Mr. Jiuling could meet your clan leader. From our point of view, it might be better if you are just beating the drums on the side. Some, what do you think?" Bafang knew very well that no matter who he or Jiuling Lao was, their status and status in the Shenlonghai Kingdom were no lower than Tu Ying's. It would be more appropriate for the two of them to come forward to talk about it. Some.

Tu Jinbo nodded and said: "Okay, I will go and talk to the clan leader first to see what his attitude is. If your attitude is okay, then I will ask you to meet with the clan leader, and you don't want to follow me. Go in, wait here for my news, if you find anything strange, just leave."

Bafang said in a deep voice: "Okay, then I will wait for you here, Lao Tu, don't blame me for talking too much. If the leader of the Tu Ying clan really does not agree to surrender, then you have to think about yourself or the people of the Sailfish clan. I want to leave some seeds and inheritance to the people of the swordfish clan. I am not supporting your betrayal of the swordfish clan, but I don’t want all of you swordfish clan to be buried with the Dragon King. So, Lao Tu, you You need to think more about it.”

When Tu Jinbo heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he nodded and said: "Okay, Lao Ba, I'll remember it. Don't worry." After saying that, he moved and turned towards the direction of their army. As he swam over, there was a trace of determination in his back. It was obvious that he was really tempted by what Bafang said.

Watching Tu Jinbo leave, Bafang finally said: "Sir, Lao Tu has gone back. Next, it depends on Tu Ying's choice. If Tu Ying really wants to see us, it means that he has That means, if he doesn’t want to see us, it means he doesn’t have that intention, and we must make other plans.”

Old Jiuling's voice reached his ears and said: "Yes, now it depends on Tu Ying's choice. Tu Jinbo cannot be the leader of the swordfish clan. The one who can really make the decision is Tu Ying. Let's wait here. , remember, if you find something wrong, leave immediately, but don't make fun of your own life." Bafang responded and stopped talking.

At this time, Tu Jinbo has returned to the army of the Sailfish Clan. Although the Sailfish Clan is very fast and has very good endurance, they also have some of the best sprint distances. The reason why they stop here is , just want to wait until the people of the Blood Killing Sect enter their optimal sprint distance. They are charging with all their strength, so they are resting now.

Tu Jinbo's status in the Sailfish Clan is not low. He is an elder in the Sailfish Clan, and he also has real power and a high status, so it is not difficult for him to meet Tu Ying. The army of the Sailfish Clan immediately went to see Tu Ying, and Tu Ying's current location was on a coral reef, which had become a temporary command center for the Sailfish Clan. Many elders of the Sailfish Clan , all stay here on the coral reef.

Tu Jinbo also stayed here, but this coral reef was very large, and each elder had his own area. If Tu Jinbo wanted to see Tu Ying, he had to go to Tu Ying, and he also asked to see Tu Jinbo. Bo's status was there, so as soon as he heard that he asked for an audience, Tu Ying immediately let him go.

Tu Ying is the leader of the swordfish clan. His appearance is no different from that of ordinary swordfish. If there is any real difference, it is that he is bigger. His body length is more than 20 meters, and his back is The flag is held high, looking very domineering, and his appearance is also very domineering, looking extremely powerful.

Tu Jinbo looked at Tu Ying, stepped forward to greet him and said, "I have met the clan leader." Tu Jinbo still respected the clan leader very much, not only because of the clan leader's strength, but also because he was fair in dealing with things, and the Sailfish clan was under his control. In his hands, the strength has also increased a lot, so Tu Jinbo and other people in the Sailfish clan respect him very much.

Tu Ying glanced at Tu Jinbo, smiled slightly and said: "Jinbo is here, but what's the matter? I heard that a friend you knew before came to see you today, what? Do you want to arrange him into the clan? Come in? No problem, just go and make arrangements. You don’t need to tell me." His voice was very rich, but also very gentle, giving people the feeling of a loyal elder, and what he said was also very... His casualness seemed to be very close to Tu Jinbo.

Tu Jinbo said in a deep voice: "Yes, clan leader, I am here this time because I have something very important to tell you." After saying this, he looked around and his meaning was very obvious. He wanted to To tell Tu Ying about the disaster alone made Tu Ying curious. Tu Ying said in a deep voice: "Everyone, please retreat." All the other swordfish retreated, and Tu Ying turned around. He looked at Tu Jinbo and said, "Jinbo, what on earth is going on? It's so mysterious."

Tu Jinbo looked at Tu Ying and said in a deep voice: "Chief, the friend who came to see me today is someone I met when I was traveling outside. I have never told you before, and I have never told anyone else. I mentioned it before, because this friend of mine has a slightly different identity, he is Bafang."

When Tu Ying heard what Tu Jinbo said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression changed and he looked at Tu Jinbo and said: "Bafang? You said his name is Bafang? He is the leader of the Blue Light Octopus clan and the lord of the Pearl City. ?" As the leader of the swordfish clan, Tu Ying naturally knows who Bafang is. You must know that the blue-light octopus clan is also a powerful fighting race in the sea. How could he not know.

Tu Jinbo nodded and said: "Yes, it's that Bafang. He came to find me before, but he used magic, so no one recognized him. He saved my life back then, so I Go see him." Tu Jinbo knew very well that if he wanted Tu Ying to believe him, he couldn't lie to Tu Ying, otherwise Tu Ying would think that you were lying to him about everything, and it would be the opposite in the future. It will be even more troublesome.

Tu Ying nodded and said in a deep voice: "Although the Blue Light Octopus clan betrayed Lord Dragon King, he has been very kind to you. You should indeed go see him, but with his current status, he will not miss you. Did he come to you for no reason? Is he here to persuade you to surrender?" Tu Ying is also a smart man. He knows very well that Bafang will not come to Tu Jinbo for no reason, so he asks this question, and it is almost certain that Bafang will come to you for no reason. The reason for coming to Tu Jinbo must be this matter.

Tu Jinbo responded: "Yes, he is here to persuade you to surrender, but some of the words he said really surprised me. He said that the Dragon King has actually been controlled by another consciousness. The current Dragon King Sir, he is no longer the real Lord Long Wu, and the Blood Killing Sect he surrendered to was the one who chased and killed the consciousness that entered our Dragon Realm, so he wants us to join the Blood Killing Sect. "

Tu Ying was not angry because of Tu Jinbo's words. He just listened to his words quietly, groaned deeply for a while, and then said, "What do you think about this matter?" There was no expression on his face. There was no change in his expression or voice. Tu Jinbo had no way of seeing any difference in him, so he was still very nervous.

Now when Tu Ying heard this question, Tu Jinbo did not dare to hide it from him, and said directly: "Clan leader, I went to the Blood Killing Sect with Bafang before. I just want to see with my own eyes whether the Blood Killing Sect is It is really as strong as he said. After reading it, I have to admit that the strength of the Blood Killing Sect is much stronger than we imagined. Patriarch, if we really go to war with the Blood Killing Sect, then our flag will The fish clan is probably going to be exterminated."

Tu Ying was stunned for a moment, then a solemn expression appeared on his face, and then he said in a deep voice: "Tell me carefully." He knew that Tu Jinbo was very loyal to the Sailfish clan, and he was also very loyal to him. With respect, he would not betray the Sailfish Clan. Even if the other party was the person who saved his life, he would not betray the Sailfish Clan because of this. So if he said this, then there must be someone Of course he had to ask carefully about his reasoning.

Tu Jinbo said in a deep voice: "Clan leader, this time I am going to visit the Blood Killing Sect with Bafang and Jiuling Lao. The Blood Killing Sect is really too powerful. They only have the number of disciples. , more than 60 billion, and there are thousands of masters like Jiuling Lao. The most important thing is that the reason why Jiuling Lao joined the Blood Killing Sect was because he had a close relationship with the Blood Killing Sect. The leader of the Blood Killing Sect made a bet. The leader of the Blood Killing Sect stood there and allowed him to attack ten times. As long as he could make the leader of the Blood Killing Sect move ten meters, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect would lose. If he won, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect would lose. , the leader of the Blood Killing Sect let him go. If he lost, he would join the Blood Killing Sect. As you know, he joined the Blood Killing Sect. In other words, he tried his best to We can’t even make the leader of the Blood Killing Sect move ten meters, which shows how powerful the leader of the Blood Killing Sect is, so clan leader, my opinion on this matter is to join the Blood Killing Sect.”