c7581 Touched (1)

Don't look at the small size of the blood crystal, and it is not very conspicuous, but it is compressed from the blood essence of countless swordfish clan. That blood crystal is enough to make the blood in the blood pool The quality has been greatly improved. Of course, if there is an opportunity in the future, Zhao Hai will still make some blood crystals and add them to the blood pool.

Of course, Zhao Hai did this not just for the blood crystals, he also wanted to show his strength to Jianlin and the others, so as to frighten them so that they would not dare to have any wrongful thoughts and let them understand , if you join the Blood Killing Sect, you must abide by the Blood Killing Sect’s rules.

The area of ​​Shenlonghai Kingdom is not small, and the population here is not small either. As for Jianlin and the others, you can tell at a glance that they are not very obedient people. Otherwise, they would not treat them as Jianjing. I dare to say those things in front of you. My temper is one thing, and my disobedience to management is another reason.

Zhao Hai showed his strength in order to let those people understand that the Blood Killing Sect was not a place for them to run wild. When they arrived at the Blood Killing Sect, they had to obey the rules of the Blood Killing Sect, so Zhao Hai took such a heavy blow, and Facts have proved that this trick is really effective. Those members of the Swordfish clan can be so obedient because they are naturally frightened.

After Sun Buyu and his army moved forward for a certain distance, they ordered to station themselves. At this time, Chang Jun sent them a letter and asked them to go to the main hall for a meeting. Naturally, Sun Buyu and the others made arrangements for the front line without saying a word. , rushed directly to the main hall. When they arrived at the main hall, they found that all the core elders had arrived, even Jiuling Lao and Bafang had already arrived in the main hall.

Sun Buyu clasped his fists at the crowd and found a place to sit down with Jiang Shenglin and the others. They all wanted to know why Chang Jun held this war meeting this time. In fact, nothing happened this time. The battle was just Zhao Hai's action, and the rest of them did not participate in the battle. In this case, there was actually no need to hold this war meeting, but Chang Jun did, which made Sun Buyu and the others a little puzzled.

Chang Jun stood in front of the hall, glanced at everyone, and then said: "I know, many people may feel that this war meeting is really unnecessary. This time, none of us took action. There is only the sect master. Under such circumstances, what is the use of starting a war discussion? This is exactly what I want to say."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, and then said to everyone: "This time, the sect leader took action for a reason. I believe everyone knows that the blood pool in our Blood Killing Sect is for the convenience of those who learn magic skills. Disciple training, our Blood Killing Sect deliberately created a blood pool. In that blood pool, blood will be added all year round, but everyone also knows that the blood added to the blood pool is all our Blood Killing Sect’s logistics. Department, the blood of some monster beasts that were slaughtered specifically for eating meat. The strength of those monster beasts is not very good. You can imagine how much energy in their blood can be. The blood in the blood pool now, The energy is no longer enough for those disciples to practice, which will affect the effectiveness of those disciples' practice. In this case, increasing the energy of the blood in the blood pool is the most important thing."

Chang Jun glanced at everyone and saw that everyone was listening to him quietly, and then he continued: "If you want to increase the energy of the blood in the blood pool, the best way is to add blood crystals to the blood pool. , Blood crystals are crystals refined from blood. The energy of this blood crystal is very high and can increase the energy of the blood in the blood pool. However, refining these blood crystals requires a large amount of blood, so this time the sect leader Only then will we take action.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "The reason why the sect master wants to take action personally is because the refining of blood crystals is something that will harm Tianhe. If we are allowed to take action, then we will be riddled with cause and effect. Maybe something will happen to us." Sometimes, these causes and effects will suddenly break out. In that case, it will be troublesome and may go crazy, so the sect leader takes action himself. In this way, the cause and effect will be added to the sect leader and will not fall on other people. This is exactly what the Sect Master wants to see in people."

When Chang Jun said this, everyone was stunned, and then their expressions changed a little. They knew very well that if there is too much killing, there will be retribution. This sentence is not wrong at all, especially for monks. , even more so, because once these causes and effects break out, they will become inner demons, and inner demons are no joke. Every monk is afraid of inner demons, because once the inner demons break out, then the monk will Even if they don't die, they may lose their cultivation. They know this very well, and it is precisely because they know it that they are even more worried.

Zhao Hai is the White Jade Pillar of the Blood Killing Sect, holding up the purple golden beam of the sea. He is the Sea-Dinging Needle of the Blood Killing Sect. If anything happens to anyone in the Blood Killing Sect, nothing will happen to Zhao Hai. If something happens to Zhao Hai, then the Blood Killing Sect will not be in trouble. It was really over. It was precisely because of this that they were so worried when they heard that Zhao Hai had memorized the cause and effect of the killing, because they were worried that something would happen to Zhao Hai. If something really happened to Zhao Hai, then they would It's really over.

Chang Jun looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I know what everyone is thinking, but if the sect leader is willing to memorize this matter, then nothing will happen, so everyone doesn't have to worry, but we must know that for the sect leader We have to be grateful for what we have done.”

Chang Jun looked at everyone, and then said: "Actually, the sect master didn't let me tell everyone this matter, but I still said it, I just didn't want the sect master to do so many things for everyone, but But everyone still doesn’t know, that’s what’s wrong with us, everyone just needs to remember this.”

Everyone responded in unison. They did not believe that Chang Jun would lie to them, because killing will produce cause and effect. This is something that all monks know. Cause and effect is a Buddhist saying that was later adopted by the monks who were dumped. Everyone felt that , this word is more appropriate, and killing is the easiest to cause cause and effect.

Chang Jun looked at everyone, and then said: "I called everyone here today for this matter. Don't think too much, just know it. Prepare well when you go back. Xiaosun, you guys You have to pay more attention when you go back. Now we have begun to face those powerful fighting races, so we have to be even more careful in the future."

Sun Buyu and the others responded in agreement, Chang Jun waved his hands, and everyone left the hall. Sun Buyu and the others returned to the frontline headquarters. He glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "What Elder Chang said today, As you all know, I won’t say anything more. Just think it over yourself. The sect master has really done enough for the Blood Killing Sect. We can’t count on the sect master for everything, we must rely on ourselves. .”

Everyone nodded, and Sun Buyu continued: "Our previous ideas were somewhat wrong. We have been too passive. We have been waiting for the enemy to attack us. This is wrong, because waiting for the enemy to attack us is wrong. By the time, it will be too late, and even persuading surrender will be very difficult, so what I mean is that we must change this approach. I am going to let Elder Jiuling and Elder Bafang take one step ahead of us to understand Let's take a look. Which race is going to attack us next? Let's see if they can persuade us to surrender. If they can persuade us to surrender, that would be the best. If they can't persuade us to surrender, then we will attack directly. What do you think? ?”

Jiang Shenglin and the others all nodded, and then they all turned their attention to Jiuling Lao and Bafang. When they heard what Sun Buyu and the others said, they all nodded. They also felt that they needed to take action first. , when facing the Swordfish Tribe this time, if Zhao Hai hadn't taken action, they would have faced Jian Jing's attack. Although Jian Jing's number was not very large, their attack power was not very weak. It would be very troublesome to really let them start an all-out attack, so check the situation in advance, know what race it is, try to make contact, and arrange it in advance. This is what they should do.

Sun Buyu saw that everyone agreed, and then he said: "Okay, if Elder Jiuling and Elder Bafang don't object, then this matter is settled. Please take a step forward to see what race will come next." Attack us, and then try to persuade them to surrender. If they don't surrender, we will attack with all our strength. After killing them, we will send them back to Shenji Hall and let Shenji Hall refine them into blood crystals. The sect leader must not be allowed to bear this matter alone."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then he glanced at a few people, and then said: "The sect master has done enough for the Blood Killing Sect, we must not let the sect master memorize all this matter, otherwise If so, what do we need to do? Are we just here to hold back the sect master? We must do some things, we must take the initiative to take on some things. Only in this way can we possibly follow the sect master. footsteps, otherwise, sooner or later, we will be left far behind by the sect master, and it will be impossible for us to help the sect master."

Everyone nodded, but Jiuling Lao and Bafang were all stunned. This was the first time they heard such words. They now understand why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect practice so hard, and in When fighting, they never retreat. It was precisely because of this belief that they were supporting them that they did this, which surprised both Jiulinglao and Bafang.

This kind of situation will not happen in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. Although various races will attack in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, and their attacks will be very violent. Under normal circumstances, they will not retreat, but for Shenlong Sea Kingdom For the people of Haiguo, they fought only because of the Dragon King's order and to protect their homeland. The situation was completely different from that of the Blood Killing Sect.

The most important reason why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attack so hard is that they want to prove that they are not useless and that they can keep up with Zhao Hai. This is their most important reason, and also It was precisely because of this that Jiuling Lao and Bafang understood how loyal the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were to Zhao Hai.