c7583 swordfish

Jiuling Lao and Bafang didn't speak for a while. Although they didn't know whether their guess was true, they felt that their guess might be correct. They both thought they were smart. They are not stupid, but the smarter people are, the more likely they are to make a mistake, that is, they will think that what they guess is true. The two of them are naturally like this now.

In fact, their guesses were both right and wrong. They thought that Zhao Hai used the power of faith and Buddhism to resolve cause and effect. But in fact, they did not know that Zhao Hai had not resolved many causes and effects. He did not care about cause and effect, because In the end, cause and effect will just produce inner demons, and inner demons may be a very troublesome thing for other monks, but for Zhao Hai, this is not the case. For him, inner demons are just a filler. He can completely turn his inner demons into his own strength, so he doesn't care about cause and effect.

However, no one knows about these things, not even Jiuling Lao and Bafang, so the two of them now admire Zhao Hai even more. They feel that Zhao Hai is really a selfless person who sacrifices for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , he has done everything he can.

In fact, they are not wrong to think so. Zhao Hai has indeed done a lot for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but the consequences are not as serious as they imagined. In fact, Zhao Hai's current strength is already very powerful. About one-fifth of the spiritual energy formation talisman in his body has turned into a spherical formation. This is very important. This has greatly improved his strength.

Of course, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't know what Zhao Hai's current strength is. They only know that Zhao Hai is extremely powerful. They really don't know how strong it is because they have been there for a long time. Time has not seen Zhao Hai attack with all his strength, so it is naturally impossible to know how strong Zhao Hai is.

After a while, Jiuling Lao finally said: "Bafang, it seems that we are really right to join the Blood Killing Sect this time. I originally thought that the Blood Killing Sect only has good benefits and a good training environment. Now It seems that is not the case at all. No wonder the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are so loyal. With such a sect leader, I will also be loyal to him."

Bafang responded without saying anything. Now Bafang was really confused. To be honest, when he killed those swordfish clan before Wu Hai, he actually felt a little disgusted in his heart. He felt that Zhao Hai's Killing was too heavy, and it was too disrespectful to the people of Shenlonghai Kingdom. But after knowing why Zhao Hai killed and the price he had to pay for killing, he suddenly realized that something was wrong with what he was thinking.

At this moment, Old Jiuling's voice suddenly came: "There is a large army ahead, be careful, there are very many of them." His voice was so sudden that Bafang was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately became careful. Get up, because he knew that Jiuling Lao carried a small radar array on his body. The detection distance of this radar array was only about two thousand miles, but it was enough for the two of them.

Old Jiuling took a careful look at the radar array, and then after enlarging the radar array, he couldn't help but frown and said: "It's the swordfish clan, Bafang. I haven't been very familiar with the situation of the swordfish clan in these years. I understand, can you tell me what the current situation of the Sailfish Clan is like, and who is the leader of the Sailfish Clan now?"

Bafang responded, and said: "The Sailfish clan has been very low-key these years. They seem to have been staying in Zhanqi City. They rarely have contact with other races, but I heard that the clan leader of the Sailfish clan, Tu Jiu is dead. The current leader of the swordfish clan is Tu Jiu's younger brother, named Tu Ying. This Tu Ying is very low-key, but he has an identity that is somewhat suspicious. That is, he was originally One of the guards of the Dragon King later became the leader of the Sailfish Clan. I heard that he is much stronger than Tu Jiu. He is low-key and humble, and is a good old man."

"Is the suspicious thing you are talking about his original identity? The bodyguard of the Dragon King?" When Old Jiuling heard what Bafang said, he immediately understood what Bafang meant. That's why he asked this question. He believed that he had guessed correctly. , there is nothing suspicious about Tu Ying's identity, except that he was a bodyguard of the Dragon King.

"Yes, the fact that he has been a bodyguard of the Dragon King is very important. If he has not been a bodyguard of the Dragon King, then there is really no doubt about his identity, but he He had been the Dragon King's bodyguard, and when he was the Dragon King's bodyguard, it was when the Dragon King's temperament changed drastically. To be precise, after you were wanted by the Dragon King, he was no longer the Dragon King's bodyguard, but this point It's still very suspicious, we have to be careful." He said, he really felt that this was very suspicious, especially after experiencing Jian Jing's incident, he became even more suspicious. Jian Jing was just An elder in the Swordfish clan, his status is not very high, but he has also served as a bodyguard of the Dragon King, just like Tu Ying. This is why Bafang suspects Tu Ying.

Old Jiuling nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "Let's get in touch with them first. If they don't listen to us and really want to deal with us, then it's not too late for us to leave. Now We already know how to use the external incarnation, and even if those Tu Yings have the same magic weapon as the sword in their hands, we can escape unscathed."

Bafang nodded. After the last battle, they went back and studied the incarnation. They wanted to find a way to deal with the situation at that time. They found that there were actually ways to deal with the situation at that time. There are many methods, but they have never used them before.

In the past, Jiuling Lao and Bafang rarely used magical weapons. It was precisely because of this that when they faced Jian Jing's magical weapons, they did not think about using their external incarnations to deal with them immediately. That big shield, but wanted to use his own strength to face that big shield, but failed in the end.

It is precisely because of this that Jiuling Lao and Bafang also learned the lesson from the last time. The two of them have made some settings, which is to give an order to the light brain in their external incarnation. If they encounter When faced with such an attack, the light brain will automatically react and attack those large shields while protecting them from retreating. They believe that with this layer of protection, they will be able to escape unscathed.

Jiuling Lao glanced at Bafang, and then said: "Bafang, do you have any acquaintances in the Sailfish Clan? If you have any acquaintances, we can contact him first to learn about Tu Ying's situation from the side, and then Let’s see if it’s worth it for us to contact Tu Ying. If it’s not worth it, forget it. If it’s worth it, then we can have some contact with Tu Ying.”

Bafang thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "I have a relationship with Tu Jinbo, an elder of the Swordfish clan, and the relationship is still very good. We can make contact with Tu Jinbo first, and then make a decision. Yes, what do you think?" Bafang has a very good relationship with Jiuling Lao, and he respects Jiuling Lao very much. Naturally, he has no idea of ​​competing for credit. He always has something to say to Jiuling Lao.

Jiuling Lao nodded and said: "Okay, let's make it that way. Let's get in touch with Tu Jinbo first, and then let's talk about other things. Let's go." Jiuling Lao has always trusted Bafang. Not to mention that Bafang has now joined the Blood Killing Sect. He believes that as long as Bafang joins the Blood Killing Sect and understands the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, he will never betray the Blood Killing Sect.

Bafang responded and followed Jiuling Lao all the way forward. The two of them still kept their distance and acted as if they didn't know each other. This was naturally done to cover up others' eyes. Moreover, the two of them didn't walk very fast, as if they didn't know each other. It was as if they knew there was a large army in front of them, so although there were small fish swimming around them from time to time, those small fish never doubted the identity of the two. After all, the intelligence of those small fish was very limited, and they could not Maybe they are suspicious of both of them.

Soon the two of them arrived a hundred miles away from the swordfish army. Of course, they still couldn't see the swordfish army hundreds of miles away from here. The visibility in the sea was much lower than outside, although the water in the sea was very clear. It's clean, but the light is still a bit dark, and the visibility is still too low.

Old Jiuling stopped, turned to Bafang and said: "Bafang, we are only about a hundred miles away from the swordfish army. The number of this swordfish army is quite large, about ten million. You first go to yourself Go ahead and contact Tu Jinbo to understand the situation, and then I will come forward to contact him. If he is unfavorable to you, I can help you."

Bafang responded, and then he swam forward directly, but Old Jiuling found a place and lay down there, as if he was resting, but his mind was always on Bafang. On his body, his radar screen always shows the situation in Bafang. If anything goes wrong in Bafang, he will immediately go to respond to Bafang.

Bafang moved forward carefully. Of course, outsiders could not tell that he was moving carefully, so naturally no one would doubt his identity. It was not until Bafang reached the outskirts of the swordfish clan that he met a swordfish. The patrol team of the fish clan was stopped by the other party.

The backs of these swordfish are dark blue, but their bellies are white. On their backs, there is a row of very tall fins. These fins are black, and they are usually retracted. , only when you move forward with all your strength, will the fins become strong. The fish of this swordfish is very sharp, and the upper and lower jaws are very sharp, just like two sharp knives. This is also their main means of attack, and the swordfish is also considered a tyrant here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Their attack power , but very powerful.

The swordfish surrounding them are all about ten meters in length, which is nothing among swordfish, but for ordinary marine creatures, such a body is already considered a giant, and These swordfish are all looking at Bafang with evil intentions. It is obvious that they have no good impression of Bafang and even plan to eat Bafang.