c7585 have a look

The reason why Bafang wants Tu Jinbo to go with him to the Blood Killing Sect is actually to let Tu Jinbo know what the situation of the Blood Killing Sect is like. I believe that as long as Tu Jinbo sees the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, You will believe him. He really regards Tu Jinbo as a friend. He knows very well that if the Sailfish clan does not surrender to the Blood Killing Sect and Tu Jinbo does not surrender to the Blood Killing Sect, the final result will be death in battle. , this is inevitable, the Blood Killing Sect is too powerful.

When Tu Jinbo heard what Bafang said, he was stunned for a moment, and then he said in a deep voice: "Let me go to the Blood Slaughter Sect with you? How to get there? We have gathered here now. When the Blood Slaughter Sect's army comes, we will You will attack directly. How can I go to the Blood Killing Sect with you at this stage?"

Bafang glanced around and said in a deep voice: "I have a portable teleportation array here. I can teleport the two of us there directly, and we can come back soon. But you can only get a rough idea. Lao Tu, between us So I want you to go and see the Blood Killing Sect, just to let you know the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, and also to tell you that I am not lying to you, Lao Tu, I am really doing this for your own good."

When Tu Jinbo heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but look at Bafang deeply, and then said: "Old Ba, I believe you, you believe you will not lie to me, but I still want to go to the Blood Killing Sect to see Look, this matter is too important, I have to go to the Blood Killing Sect with new eyes to take a look."

Bafang nodded and said: "I understand, wait a moment, I will tell Lord Jiuling, Lord Jiuling is still waiting for me behind." After saying that, Bafang said directly: "Sir Jiuling, I found the old man Kill him, I'm going to take him back to kill Haoli and see. Do you want to go back with me? The location is Xuanwu Sea. Okay, then I will wait for you at Pearl City in Xuanwu Sea." After saying this, Bafang turned to Tu Jinbo and said, "Okay, Old Tu, Lord Jiuling has gone back first. Let's go back too. He will be waiting for us at Xuanwu Sea. Let's go."

Tu Jinbo looked at Bafang with some confusion and said: "Old Ba, did you really talk to Master Jiuling just now? Why didn't I see how you talked to him?" After that, he was still in Bafang. He looked around carefully to see if there was anything he could use to talk to Jiuling Lao.

Bafang smiled slightly, pointed to a small metal piece on his forehead and said: "Did you see this thing? This thing is called the external incarnation. It is a magic weapon that every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect will be assigned. He The effect is very great, and it can be enlarged at any time and turned into any magic weapon. The effect is very huge. Things like teleportation and communication are naturally out of the question." As he spoke, he saw his heart As soon as he thought about it, the metal piece grew bigger in the next moment, as if it turned into mercury, and flowed towards his body. After a while, Bafang turned into a metallic silver iron octopus.

Then he thought, and a long knife appeared on all eight of his tentacles. Then when he moved, the long knife all recovered, and all the metal disappeared, and turned into the one on his forehead. A piece of metal, as if what happened before had never happened again.

Tu Jinbo looked at Bafang blankly. He saw with his own eyes that the metal piece wrapped Bafang's body in an instant. The most important thing was that although it was wrapped by metal, Bafang still It's so weird to move freely and not feel stiff at all.

Bafang looked at Tu Jinbo and said with a smile: "Okay, Old Tu, if you really join the Blood Killing Sect in the future, you will see more good things. I won't say anything more now. , do you want to come with me to visit the Blood Killing Sect? If you want to go, how about we leave now?"

Tu Jinbo came to his senses immediately, and he immediately said to Bafang: "Go, you must go and see." Bafang nodded and asked him to stand next to him, and then the two of them disappeared directly. Fortunately, There was no one around where they were, and no one else saw the two disappear. They just thought they were old friends and wanted to chat for a while, so naturally no one would suspect anything.

The next moment, the two of them had appeared in the Pearl City in the Xuanwu Sea. This Pearl City was the city that Zhao Hai and the others built for Bafang and the others. Although the walls of this city were not made of pearl oysters, Bafang and the others were still used to building this city. The city is called Pearl City because the city looks so much like Pearl City.

When the two of them appeared in Pearl City, they found that Jiuling Lao was already waiting for them there. Now Jiuling Lao had turned into a human form and was looking at them with a smile on his face. As soon as they saw Jiuling Lao, Bafang and Tu Jin Bo also turned into a human form. Although Bafang still had an octopus head on his head, the octopus's tentacles were much shorter, and his face became more and more human-like, while Tu Jinbo turned into a human form. He was about two meters tall and had a big man with a black cloak on his back. However, his skin color was dark blue and he looked a little weird.

If it was before, the two of them really didn't dare to bring people to the Blood Killing Sect at will, but now they are not afraid, because they have received orders from Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai agreed that they can bring people back to Let those people in the Blood Killing Sect see the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, so they dare to do this.

In fact, with the current strength of the Blood Killing Sect, they are really not afraid of others looking at it, especially people like the people here in the Dragon Realm. The people here have always lived in a very closed space, and they are also There is no way to contact the outside world. Even if they know about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, it is not a big deal, because they know very well that after seeing the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, these people will either become their own people or become dead. , in this case, there is nothing to worry about.

The two of them saluted Mr. Jiuling, but Mr. Jiuling waved his hand and said, "Well, you don't have to be so polite, Tu Jinbo, I have never met you, but everyone said that you two are good friends, so I also Just treat you as one of our own. In fact, I went to find you with Bafang before, but in order to prevent people from doubting our identity, we didn't act together. Now that you are here, it is best. Let's go. , I’ll show you the Blood Killing Sect.”

Tu Jinbo responded. He looked at Jiuling Lao with a look of surprise on his face. He had been famous for Jiuling Lao for a long time. Although he had been wanted by the Dragon King for many years, and on the surface, he was also wanted by the Dragon King. No one dared to speak for him, and even shouted at him, but in private, there were many people who respected Jiuling Lao very much, and even many people sympathized with Jiuling Lao. Those people had always They all believed that it was the Dragon King who made a mistake in treating Jiuling Lao. Jiuling Lao did not have any process and should not be punished like this.

But no one can control this matter, and Jiuling Lao has never been too bold, so no one knows where he is. In this case, the legend about Jiuling Lao is only spreading secretly, slowly It even has a touch of legend, and the image of Jiuling Lao has gradually become taller.

Tu Jinbo was actually very curious about meeting such a legendary figure, but he really didn't expect that Old Jiuling would be so talkative and polite, which surprised him. However, he did not say it out loud, but followed Elder Jiu Ling and walked forward slowly.

The old man Jiuling was an old man. He naturally saw Tu Jinbo's appearance, but he did not say anything. Instead, he led the two people forward and said to Tu Jinbo: "This is the Xuanwu of the Blood Killing Sect. Sea, this city is built like the Pearl City. Of course, the walls of this city are not made of pearl oysters. This Xuanwu Sea is only a part of the Blood Killing Sect. The reason why it is called this name is because the Blood Killing Sect is here. There is a sea in the Xuanwu Space, so we call this place the Xuanwu Sea. There is actually nothing to see here. You have been to Pearl City, so I am going to take you out to the Xuanwu Sea to have a look. What do you think? Is that okay?"

Tu Jinbo quickly shook his head and said: "No problem, no problem, everything is up to Master Jiuling." Walking with a living legend like Mr. Jiuling, he really felt a lot of pressure , so he kept his posture very low, and Bafang didn't say anything. With the status of Jiuling Lao, it was already very polite to talk to Tu Jinbo like this.

Old Jiuling nodded, and then he thought, and the next moment the three of them appeared in the sky of Xuanwu Space. After arriving in the sky, Old Jiuling glanced at the Xuanwu Space below, and then said in a deep voice: "This is in the sky of Xuanwu Space. I know your situation there. You came out of the army and you can't stay outside for too long. I can only take you to take a brief look at the Blood Slaughter Sect to let you understand Once you know the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, you have to go back, otherwise, if you stay outside for too long, you will be suspected."

Tu Jinbo responded. It was indeed what Mr. Jiuling said. He ran away from the army. If he did not go back for a long time, it would definitely arouse others' suspicion. It is precisely because of this. , so Tu Jinbo must not stay outside for too long, and he can only simply understand the Blood Killing Sect.

Old Jiuling looked at him, smiled slightly, and then led Tu Jinbo to fly forward. As he flew forward, he said to Tu Jinbo: "This is actually the Xuanwu Space of the Blood Killing Sect. The entire Blood Killing Sect People all live in this Xuanwu Space. The area of ​​this Xuanwu Space is very huge. Although the Blood Killing Sect has more than 60 billion disciples, they still cannot fill up the Xuanwu Space. Even the Blood Killing Sect has not been able to fill up the Xuanwu Space. The disciples of the sect don’t even know how big the Xuanwu Space is, just like us people don’t know how big the Xuanwu Sea is..."

While flying forward, Old Jiuling introduced the situation of the Blood Killing Sect to Tu Jinbo. When Tu Jinbo heard that the Blood Killing Sect had more than 60 billion disciples, his expression changed and he became nervous. He opened his mouth and wanted to speak, but in the end nothing came out. He didn't believe that someone with the status of Jiuling Lao would make such a joke with him, so he still didn't ask what he wanted to ask.