c7588 clone

After a while, Old Jiuling finished speaking, and then he turned to Tu Ying and said: "Clan Chief Tu, I really think about the entire Hai Clan. The Dragon Clan is just an interface in the world of Tian Long Ba, and this Tian Long Ba The world is just an inner space refined by one person. With our strength, how can we fight against the Blood Killing Sect? There is no way to fight against the Blood Killing Sect, so I do this."

"Really? Jiuling, Jiuling, you have grown up now, and you have learned to lie. Hahahaha, what about the world of Tianlong and the Eight Tribes, what about me being controlled by others? Am I really being controlled by others? How can I Don't you know?" A majestic and domineering voice suddenly came. As soon as this voice appeared, Jiu Ling and the others were all shaken. Then they looked up and found a water dragon not far in front of them. , looking at them coldly, this water dragon is very long, more than ten meters long. Although it is made of water, you will never mistake it, and you will definitely mistake it for a real dragon. He The expressions on his face are also very rich, and even his eyes reflect it perfectly.

Next to this water dragon, there are several swordfish, and these swordfish are also looking at this place coldly. It is obvious that these swordfish are members of the swordfish family. As soon as they saw this situation, the faces of Jiuling Lao and the others changed. Tu Ying's face became even more ugly. He looked at the swordfish and said: "Okay, Tu Xiong, I really didn't expect that, what on earth are you doing?" Or betrayed me, what? Have you been waiting for this day for a long time? "

That Tu Xiong glanced at Tu Ying, smiled coldly and said: "Tu Ying, don't put gold on your face. Do you think I don't know what's going on with you? Someone came to Tu Jinbo before, but I didn't I didn’t pay attention, but then Tu Jinbo went to see you. What the two of you said was not allowed to be heard by outsiders. Then Tu Jinbo sneakily left the army, and then you also left the army. Letting people follow you, doesn’t that mean you two are evil? Sure enough, you actually want to betray Lord Dragon King, Tu Ying, as the leader of the Sailfish Clan, don’t you think about the Sailfish Clan? Do you want to lead the swordfish clan to death?"

Tu Ying looked at Tu Xiong and said coldly: "Don't say it so nicely, Tu Xiong, you just saw me becoming the clan leader and you didn't, so you are jealous. Lord Dragon King, I really am." I didn’t expect that you would be so worried about me and would arrange someone around me.”

The Dragon King looked at Tu Ying and snorted coldly: "Tu Ying, you were my bodyguard back then. How do you think I treated you? If it hadn't been for me, would you have become the leader of the swordfish clan? You How did you repay me? You actually want to betray me? You really let me down."

Tu Ying snorted coldly and said: "I was your bodyguard back then, but I was just an outside bodyguard. Tu Jiu, the original clan leader of my swordfish clan, was originally a good clan leader, and he He was also very strong and young, so why did he die for no reason? After he died, there was obviously someone in our clan who could become the clan leader, but you insisted on letting me be the clan leader. Don’t think that I don’t know your plan, you just want to control my swordfish clan through my hands, and you also left a backhand on me back then, you think I don’t know.”

After Tu Ying opened his mouth, a crystal ball was spat out. Inside the crystal bead, a scale-like shield was sealed. Tu Ying looked at the shield and snorted coldly: "Back then, You gave me this shield and told me that as long as I practice with this shield, my practice speed will be very fast. What you said is correct. I will practice with this shield. My training speed is indeed very fast, but this shield will produce an energy that slowly penetrates into my body. I didn't notice it at first until I got this crystal ball. , I realized something was wrong, I think you should know what this crystal ball is, right?"

Of course the Dragon King knows it. In fact, not only the Dragon King knows it, but everyone else also knows that this crystal ball is called a pure crystal ball. This kind of crystal ball is also a rare treasure in Shenlong Sea Kingdom. According to legend, he is In the past, it was made of the Dragon King's tears, but obviously, this is not the case. This crystal ball should have nothing to do with the Dragon King.

But this kind of crystal ball has a characteristic, that is, any impure thing that comes close to it will be absorbed by it, or even sealed. That's why it has such a name. This kind of crystal ball can be said to be A kind of magic weapon, but it is naturally formed, so it is very weird. The impure things here certainly do not refer to dirty things, but some impure energy. This kind of crystal ball is very sensitive to impure energy. , it is very complicated. It can be said that if someone carries such a crystal ball with him, he does not have to worry that he will be poisoned or be plotted using some special method.

And now Tu Ying took out this crystal ball, and there was a shield sealed in this crystal ball. This was enough to explain the problem, because everyone knew very well that if there was no problem with the shield, it would be absolutely impossible to let it go. When entering a crystal ball, this pure crystal ball has a characteristic. If there is nothing wrong with the object you encounter, then it is just like an ordinary crystal. The surface is very hard. If you want to put something into it, , is absolutely impossible, unless it is broken, in which case the crystal ball will really be broken.

But when this crystal ball encounters impure energy, its surface will become like water, and it can directly swallow that thing in. So as long as you see something in this crystal ball, then this thing will There must be something wrong, this is known to everyone in the Sea Tribe.

Tu Ying looked at the Dragon King's clone and the several swordfish clan members around him. He sneered: "I was the Dragon King's bodyguard back then. I knew much more than you. Back then, Jiuling Your Excellency did not make any mistakes at all, yet you were punished by the Dragon King. Do you know what the charges were? It was unfounded, and who was the person who accused Mr. Jiuling? It was a man named Long Er. , who is this Long Er? You may only know that he is from the sea snake clan, and you also heard that this person disappeared later, but there is one thing you don’t know. I know a man named Long Er from the sea snake clan. Man, he is indeed a member of the Sea Serpent Clan, and I don’t like him either, but this man told a story, that is, the people of the Sea Serpent Clan, their names have never been repeated, that is to say, the one I know Long Er is a member of the sea snake clan, so it is impossible for other people from the sea snake clan to be called Long Er. But unfortunately, the Long Er I knew was burned to death by sea fire during a worthy mission. He was burned to death with my own eyes. But just a few years after Long Er was burned to death, another Long Er suddenly appeared. This Long Er actually made a bunch of unfounded stories. For the crime, Lord Jiuling was directly prosecuted, but Lord Dragon King, you directly dealt with Lord Jiuling, hahaha, this is really a joke, a big joke, a person who has been dead for several years, Luo Zhi The accusation brought down a living prime minister, hahahaha, do you know how surprised I was when I heard the news, how funny I felt, but at the same time how sad I was."

Tu Ying said this, glanced at those people, and then said in a deep voice: "So after Master Jiuling escaped, I immediately proposed to withdraw from the ranks of guards, because I know that this Dragon King is basically It's not worthy for me to be his bodyguard, but our Lord Dragon King gave me this shield at that time, and he also showed great appreciation for me, and said that he would definitely make me the leader of the swordfish clan. As a result, I really When I became the leader of the swordfish clan, I originally thought that he just wanted to control the swordfish clan through me and that I could fight with him. But then I got this pure crystal ball and looked at this The pure crystal ball swallowed up the shield, and I realized your sinister intentions. Dragon King, you still have the nerve to accuse me at this time. With your behavior, why do you become the master of our Shenlong Sea Kingdom? You Why?"

When Tu Ying said this, everyone present was stunned, even Jiuling Lao was stunned. He was indeed sued back then, and the person who sued him was indeed Long Er. He had never been I have never met Long Er. I only know that Dragon King is a member of the sea snake clan. They have been secretly investigating him and accused him of a bunch of unfounded charges. Fortunately, he was prepared at the time, so he escaped. Come out, otherwise, he would be really in danger.

Now when he heard what Tu Ying said, he realized that all this was just a play played by the Dragon King himself. There was no such thing as Long Er at all. It was just that the Dragon King wanted to get rid of him, so he said that there was one What Long Er? All of this is the Dragon King talking to himself.

The people of the Sailfish clan were also extremely surprised. They did not expect that Tu Ying knew so many things, and they did not expect that the Dragon King actually did so many things. So after Tu Ying said this, those Sailfish The people of the clan were also extremely shocked, and everyone looked at the Dragon King clone beside them in surprise.

The Dragon King clone didn't speak before and just floated there quietly. Now after hearing what Tu Ying said, he looked at Tu Ying and said coldly: "I didn't expect that you actually know so much, hahahaha , Long Er is my bodyguard, but I don’t know that Long Er is on a mission with you. It seems that I am not careful enough in doing things, but it doesn’t matter. What can you do even if you know, I bet you are dead this time and no one can save you."

Jiuling Lao looked at the Dragon King and said in a deep voice: "Dead? I can't see it, Dragon King. Back then, you couldn't keep me with the Dragon King. Now that you are here, you can't keep me either. You can't Do you think that just one of your clones, plus these people from the swordfish clan, can keep me here? Are you too confident? "