c7580 blood crystal

Jiuling Lao's words are still very effective. Jianlin and the others have a very good impression of Jiuling Lao, because Jiuling Lao took great care of them when he was the prime minister, so Jianlin respects him very much. , and they were also very angry about the killing of their clan leader. As Zhao Hai said, why was their clan leader killed? It's just that he told the truth, and the truth he told was for the good of the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom. If he did, he would be killed. I really don't understand what the Dragon King is like.

They had already been very disgusted with the Dragon King, but because Sword Jing was pressing down, they had not dared to show it. Now that Jiuling Lao was here, and the magic weapon in Jian Jing's hand was destroyed, their courage was natural. That was enough, so Jianlin led the people and retreated to the side. Most of the Jianyu tribesmen who followed them retreated to the side. Among the Jianyu tribe members who were still standing there with Jian Jing, only Bu San One percent.

Jian Jing looked at the Swordfish tribesmen who had retreated to the side with blazing eyes, and yelled angrily: "You will regret it, you will definitely regret it, because of your choice, the Shenlonghai Kingdom will cease to exist. , our inheritance will also be cut off, and you will be the eternal sinners of Shenlonghai Kingdom."

Zhao Hai looked at Jian Jing, snorted coldly and said: "No matter what, if you want to be loyal to the Dragon King, then I will let you take the first step, and I will send the Dragon King to see you later." After saying this, Zhao Hai With a wave of his hand, the seawater in the area where the swords and the others were was suddenly solidified. Then Zhao Hai squeezed his hand hard. With this movement of his, the seawater began to slowly tighten. It was like a sponge being squeezed hard by someone, and it finally became smaller and smaller. At the same time, all the swordfish people in the seawater were squeezed to death, and the seawater there slowly turned red.

When the last large piece of sea water turned into a red crystal the size of a palm, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the red crystal fell directly into his hand, but the sword and those who followed him actually All of them have disappeared, and Zhao Hai's method also made all of Jiuling Lao and the others feel a cold air, rushing directly from the soles of their feet to their heads. They seemed to have been taken from them. It felt like it was frozen inside and out.

Zhao Hai put away the red crystal, then turned to look at Jianlin and the others. His eyes were very calm, but Jianlin and the others all shivered smartly and stood there. , they didn't dare to move, and they didn't even have the intention to resist, because Zhao Hai's method just now was really too scary, too terrible, they thought that there was really no way to block Zhao Hai's attack just now, so No one dared to move.

Zhao Hai just glanced at them, then turned to Old Jiuling and said: "Tell them carefully. If they really want to join the Blood Killing Sect, just send them back to the Xuanwu Space." After that, Zhao Hai's figure had disappeared, leaving only the trembling old Jiuling and the others.

Although Old Jiuling had seen Zhao Hai take action before, he had never thought that Zhao Hai would be so powerful, much more powerful than he imagined, so he was very surprised until Zhao Hai left. Only then did he come back to his senses. He responded quickly, but Zhao Hai had disappeared.

Although Zhao Hai had been eliminated, he still did not dare to neglect at all. He immediately said to Jian Lin: "Jian Lin, are you willing to join our Blood Killing Sect?" He was really afraid that Jian Lin would say it. If he didn't want to, he looked at Jianlin fixedly, fearing that Jianlin would say something he shouldn't have said.

But it was obvious that he was overthinking it. It was impossible for Jianlin not to join the Blood Killing Sect, so he immediately nodded and said: "I am willing, of course I am willing to join the Blood Killing Sect." Jianlin was very happy. He knew very well that if he didn't join the Blood Killing Sect, it might cause Zhao Hai's dissatisfaction. If Zhao Hai got angry, they would probably turn into blood-red crystals. He didn't want to die, so of course Say yes.

Old Jiuling nodded and breathed a sigh of relief. Then he said in a deep voice: "Okay, you can do whatever you want. Remember, if you join the Blood Killing Sect, you must abide by the sect's rules. This is very important to you." It's important, and I promise, you won't regret today's decision, really."

At this moment, several disciples of the Blood Killing Sect flew to Elder Jiuling and saluted him. One of the disciples said: "Elder Jiuling, we are here to guide the people of the Swordfish clan to enter. When we arrive at Xuanwu Space, is it possible to proceed now? Is there anything else you need to explain?"

Jiuling Lao immediately said: "Okay, we can start. Remember, they know nothing about our Blood Killing Sect. We must tell them the sect's rules. After arriving at the Xuanwu Space, let the Blue Light Octopus Clan The people here will receive them and teach them some rules. Let’s go.” The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect responded and then swam towards Jianlin and the others.

Jian Lin and the others looked at these Blood Killing Sect disciples nervously. They were really nervous now because they really didn't know what kind of fate they would face, but they also didn't dare to resist. , Zhao Hai's thunderous method just now really scared them.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect arrived in front of Jian Lin and the others, and clasped their fists at Jian Lin and the others. Then one of them said: "Everyone, please come. I'm Yun Wuyang, a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. I've met you all. Please follow me." Come, I will take you to the Xuanwu Space of the Blood Killing Sect. When you get to the Xuanwu Space, you will learn some of the Blood Killing Sect’s rules, and then you will be our official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, please.” His attitude was very He was very polite, spoke in a low voice, and didn't look arrogant at all, but Jianlin and the others still didn't dare to mess around. They all responded in a polite manner and followed him forward, but in their hearts, He relaxed slightly.

Seeing the people of the Swordfish clan leaving with Yun Wuyang, Bafang let out a sigh of relief, and then he whispered to Old Jiuling: "Thank you, sir. If you hadn't gone to Pearl City to persuade us to surrender, I'd be afraid. But we really won’t surrender. If we don’t do it right today, we will end up with the same fate as Jian Jing and the others. I really didn’t expect that the strength of the sect master has reached such a level. It’s terrible. It’s really terrible. ”

Elder Jiuling also let out a long sigh, and then he turned to Bafang and said: "To be honest, I didn't expect that the strength of the sect master would be so strong and terrifying. That's all, let's not talk about this anymore. First go and say hello to Elder Sun and the others, and then after entering the Xuanwu Sea, go and comfort Jianlin and the others, they are also frightened." Bafang responded and followed Elder Jiuling back to the frontline headquarters.

As soon as the two of them arrived at the frontline headquarters, Sun Buyu said: "You two, I know what you mean. You'd better go to the Xuanwu Sea as soon as possible. Don't let the people of the Swordfish clan wait in a hurry. They are here." This time I was really frightened. To be honest, we were also shocked. It has been a long time since the sect master has dealt with such a heavy hand. We don’t know what the reason was this time. No matter what the reason was, it was not us. We can manage it, we just need to do our own thing well, go ahead.”

Jiuling Lao and Bafang knew that the reason why Sun Buyu told them this was to tell them not to talk nonsense or have any dissatisfaction with Zhao Hai, so they both gratefully bowed to Sun Buyu and then turned around. , passed through the space teleportation array, and returned directly to the Xuanwu Sea.

This Xuanwu Sea is the Endless Sea in the Xuanwu Space. It was originally called the Endless Sea, but after Mr. Jiuling and the others joined in, Zhao Hai felt that calling it the Endless Sea was a bit inappropriate, so he just called it the Xuanwu Sea. Anyway, it is a sea in the Xuanwu space, so it is called Xuanwu Sea.

After watching Jiuling Lao and Bafang leave, Sun Buyu couldn't help but turn to Jiang Shenglin and the others: "Guys, do you know why the sect leader took such a heavy blow this time? You must know that the sect leader has been there for a long time in recent years. I haven’t dealt with such a heavy hand again, what happened this time?”

Jiang Shenglin and the others all shook their heads. Their expressions were not pretty. They had been in contact with Zhao Hai for the shortest time and knew Zhao Hai the least. They had never seen Zhao Hai do such a heavy move before. They always thought that Zhao Hai was A very good-tempered person, but they didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be so harsh this time. This made them really don't know what to say, and they were all stunned.

Sun Buyu looked at their looks and didn't say anything. He just nodded at them and said, "Okay, let's not talk about this anymore. Let the army move forward. After walking for a while, we will stop and repair. ." Jiang Shenglin and the others all responded, and then went to make arrangements.

What they didn't know was that Zhao Hai had already entered the Xuanwu Space at this time, and had fallen to the edge of a blood pool in the Xuanwu Space. Then he immediately threw the blood-red crystal into the blood pool. , watching the blood crystal sink into the blood pool, he couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face.

These blood pools were built by the Blood Killing Sect with a lot of effort, and they are of great use, especially for those disciples who practice demonic skills. These blood pools are even more useful, but as they After rising again and again, the power in these blood pools has become somewhat unable to keep up with the training speed of those disciples. If you want to increase the power of the blood pools, you must add a large amount of blood crystals to the blood pools. And the refining of this blood crystal is not that easy, because there is only one method of refining this blood crystal, which is to use a large amount of blood, and after many refinings, its essence is slowly concentrated, Finally, it turns into pieces of crystals. This kind of crystal contains very huge energy. After these blood crystals are put into the blood pool, they will slowly release energy, slowly increasing the energy of the blood in the blood pool. This This is also the reason why Zhao Hai made a heavy move this time. He wanted to refine some blood crystals and put them into the blood pool to increase the energy of the blood pool. Therefore, he did not hold back this time and directly attacked the Swordfish clan. He made a heavy move and produced a blood crystal.