c7587 Meet

After Tu Ying listened to Tu Jinbo's words, he glanced at Tu Jinbo, and then said: "Jinbo, is the Blood Killing Sect really that strong? And what they said about Lord Dragon King is true? Lord Dragon King Are you really being controlled? I used to be Lord Dragon King's bodyguard, why didn't I notice?"

Tu Jinbo quickly said: "I really don't know whether the matter about Lord Dragon King is true or not, but the matter about the Blood Killing Sect is absolutely true. The Blood Killing Sect is extremely powerful. This is absolutely certain. Otherwise, how could Lord Jiuling and Bafang join the Blood Killing Sect?"

Tu Ying nodded, then he looked at Tu Jinbo and said, "Is Bafang still waiting for your news outside? I want to see him." Tu Ying's words were so sudden that Tu Jin Bodu couldn't help being stunned, but when he reacted, his face was filled with joy, and he immediately said: "Yes, the clan leader, Lord Bafang and Lord Jiuling, it seems they are all outside."

When Tu Ying heard what Tu Jinbo said, he was slightly startled. Then he immediately became energetic and said in a deep voice: "Lord Jiuling is also here? How do you say it seems like? Are you here?" At this point, Tu Ying's tone was a little anxious, because Tu Ying and Jiuling Lao knew each other well. Although they didn't have any friendship, Tu Ying still knew Jiuling Lao very well.

Tu Jinbo said in a deep voice: "They must have come, because the two of them were afraid of being suspected by others, so they did not act together. I only saw Bafang, Lord Jiuling, who was still with us when he was at the Blood Killing Sect. , but now I don’t know.” Tu Jinbo only knew so much about this matter, so he said this.

Tu Ying said in a deep voice: "Let me go out with you to meet the two of them. Let them join our army now, otherwise they will be suspected. I have always suspected that among our swordfish clan, There are spies arranged by the Dragon King, so we’d better be careful. Let’s go, let’s go see them two now.”

Tu Jinbo responded, and then he said: "Clan leader, let's do this. I will go back first, then leave the army and wait for you outside. When you come out after a while, I will take you to see Bafang." Tu Jinbo was ten It was clear that Tu Ying was the leader of the Sailfish Clan, and he could not leave the Sailfish Clan easily, so that was why he said this.

Tu Ying nodded and said: "Okay, that's it, you go ahead." Tu Jinbo responded, turned around and left. After leaving Tu Ying, he found another excuse and left the coral reef. Here, after arriving outside the army, he directly found Bafang who was waiting for news from him.

As soon as Bafang saw Tu Jinbo coming out, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then immediately said: "Old Tu, how about it?" He really wanted to know what Tu Ying's decision was, which was related to the entire banner. He was very clear about the life and death of the Fish Clan. If Tu Ying did not agree to surrender, the Blood Killing Clan's army would come over. Even if the Sailfish Clan wanted to surrender, it would be too late. I'm afraid I won't give them a chance anymore.

Tu Jinbo immediately said: "Very good, very smooth. The clan leader said that he wants to come out to see you and Lord Jiuling in person. He suspects that there is an informant of the Dragon King in the army. If you are asked to go see him If you do, those informants may discover it and report it to the Dragon King, which will cause trouble, so he will come to see you."

When Bafang heard what he said, he couldn't help but feel excited. He quickly said: "Okay, great, then it's decided. I will ask Master Jiuling to come over now. You go and see when Chief Tu will come. He If he comes out, you can just bring him here, and we will wait for him here." Tu Jinbo responded, turned around and left.

After Tu Jinbo left, Bafang immediately wrote to Jiuling Lao and told him about Tu Ying coming to see them. Jiuling Lao immediately rushed to him and followed him to wait for Tu Ying. Ying's arrival and Tu Ying's coming to see them meant that Tu Ying intended to join the Blood Killing Sect, which was a good thing for them, and they naturally had no reason to disagree.

After Tu Jinbo left, Tu Ying arranged the affairs of the clan, and then found an excuse to leave the army. He did not let anyone follow him. He came out of the army alone and walked outside the army. Turning around, not long after he left the army, he saw Tu Jinbo approaching.

When Tu Jinbo came to his side, he finally said: "How is it?" Of course he was asking about the situation in Bafang and the others. He mainly wanted to know if Elder Jiuling would come to see him. If Elder Jiuling would also come to see him, it would be enough to show the sincerity of the other party. Otherwise, the other party might not have much sincerity in accepting them, so he would have to reconsider this matter.

Tu Jinbo immediately said: "Masters Bafang and Jiuling are here. They should be waiting for you there now. Clan leader, please follow me." Tu Ying nodded, and then followed Tu Jinbo to Bafang and Jiuling. He swam over to where Mr. Ling was. Just after they left, a swordfish swam to where they were before, stared thoughtfully at their departing figures, and then turned and left.

When the two arrived at the place where Bafang and Jiuling Lao were, they were already waiting for them. As soon as they saw Jiuling Lao and Bafang, Tu Ying immediately stepped forward to greet him and said, "Tu Ying has met Master Jiuling. , I have met the leader of the Bafang clan, so you are polite." He is also the leader of the clan, and his status is not inferior to that of Bafang, but he still respects Elder Jiuling very much, so he took the initiative to salute.

Elder Jiuling said with a smile: "Don't be polite, Chief Tu Ying. The two of us have met several times before. It's a pity that I left later and I haven't been able to meet you even now." Elder Jiuling used to be the prime minister. And Tu Ying is the bodyguard of the Dragon King. Normally, the two of them should have many opportunities to meet, but that is not the case. The bodyguards of the Dragon King do not necessarily stay by the Dragon King's side. Sometimes, the Dragon King will give These guards were assigned other tasks, and Tu Ying was one of those guards assigned to other tasks, so he didn't have many opportunities to meet Old Jiu Ling.

Tu Ying said quickly: "Lord Jiuling, you are so polite. Lord Jiuling, you are the benefactor of all the tribes in our Shenlonghai Kingdom. If it weren't for you, I'm afraid our tribes wouldn't be able to develop as well as they are now. This time we can It is my honor to meet you, sir." What he said was true. When Elder Jiuling was the prime minister, he really took great care of all the tribes, so all tribes had a very good impression of him.

Jiuling Lao smiled slightly and said: "Clan Chief Tu is too polite. I came to see Chief Tu this time mainly for the Banner Clan's joining the Blood Killing Sect. I don't know what Chief Tu wants." Lao Jiuling was very temperamental. Urgent, he doesn't like to go around in circles, so he goes straight to the point.

When Tu Ying heard what he said, he was slightly startled. Then he glanced at Old Jiuling, and then said: "Lord Jiuling, I just want to know, is the Blood Killing Sect really that strong? Also, Is Lord Dragon King really under the control of others? This really makes me a little unbelievable, after all, the strength of Lord Dragon King is there."

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "This matter is true, otherwise I would not be able to join the Blood Killing Sect, let alone come to see you. You should know that although I was Lord Longwu is wanted, but I have great feelings for Shenlong Haiguo. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been anonymous all these years. Even if I can rule by dividing the territory, it is not impossible, but I can’t The most important reason why I didn’t do this is because I didn’t want Shenlong Haiguo to hide in the war, so I have been hiding all these years and not showing up.”

Tu Ying and the others all nodded. He really believed what Jiuling Lao said. Jiu Ling Lao's strength was there, and back then, Jiu Ling Lao had a great reputation here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. It is precisely because of this that if Old Jiuling really wanted to establish himself as king, he could really do it.

Jiuling Lao has been the prime minister for so many years, and his disciples are all over the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. Under this situation, if he really wants to establish himself as king, countless people will respond, and the Dragon King has no way to leave the Dragon Palace. He can rely on energy to be released to deal with the Nine Spirits Elder, but the Nine Spirits Elder is very powerful. He is not afraid of the Dragon King's ability to unleash, so he can definitely become the king on his own. But in that case, Shenlong Haiguo is afraid that it will disappear into the chaos of war.

Elder Jiu Ling then said in a deep voice: "I didn't know this at the beginning. When I joined the Blood Killing Sect, I was actually a little reluctant. Moreover, I also made a request, that is, I would not participate in the conflict. The sect master also agreed to be the only one to fight in the Dragon Realm. But later, after I learned about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, I took the initiative to ask the sect master to let me participate in the battle against the Dragon Realm, but I would not take action personally. , I just went to help the sect and persuade people of various races to join the Blood Killing Sect, so I was the one who persuaded the Blue Light Octopus clan, and this time I came here."

"The reason why I want to take the initiative to do this is to give our Sea Clan a chance to survive. You may not know that our Shenlong Sea Kingdom is also called the Dragon World by us. In fact, it is really It’s called the Dragon Realm, and it belongs to an interface called the Tianlong Babu Realm. This interface is composed of eight small realms, and our Dragon Realm is just one of these eight small realms, and between these eight small realms The passage is the bottomless pit."

"I know you may be wondering. People who go into the bottomless pit never come out. In this case, how can it become a passage between two spaces? In fact, it is not like this. The bottomless pit can be passed, but In that bottomless pit, there is something called the light of decomposition. If you enter the bottomless pit without preparation, there will be no return, death or life. But as long as you are prepared, then A bottomless pit is a space passage.”

Later, Elder Jiuling told Tu Ying and the others some things about the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons. He knew everything about the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons, and he had been to several other interfaces and saw them with his own eyes. He had passed those statues, so he spoke in great detail.