c7582 Touched (2)

Although Jiuling Lao and Bafang have been members of the Blood Killing Sect for some time, they still know too little about the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely for this reason that when they went to attend the meeting today, they heard what Chang Jun said. They were a little surprised and confused because in their opinion, what Chang Jun said seemed to be a bit too much, and this matter was only said by Chang Jun. Even if he was true, who knew who Chang Jun was? They didn't come here to tell this matter deliberately under Zhao Hai's order, so they were very surprised by the reaction of the people of the Blood Killing Sect at that time. They felt that the state of the people of the Blood Killing Sect at that time seemed a bit... Something was wrong, they seemed to be hypnotized, as if they believed whatever Chang Jun said. This state was wrong, so they had always been a little confused about this matter.

But they didn't say it out loud, because they knew very well that Zhao Hai might know every word they said. If they said anything nonsense and Zhao Hai heard it, it would not do them any good. And looking at the enthusiastic look of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, if they said Zhao Hai was wrong and those disciples heard it, then those disciples might stand in the way and fall out with them, which might affect the entire Hai Clan.

It is for this reason that they didn't say anything, and they behaved like the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, trying not to let others see any difference between them, but they remembered this matter. In their hearts, they have even thought that if they find an opportunity in the future, they must check this matter carefully to see if Zhao Hai used any magic. Otherwise, why would the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect be so fanatical about him? .

But now that the two of them heard what Sun Buyu said, they seemed to understand why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were so fanatical and loyal to Zhao Hai. It turned out to be because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect always believed that, They have become a drag on Zhao Hai. They don't want to be a drag on Zhao Hai. They want to help Zhao Hai, so they work so hard and worship Zhao Hai crazily.

The two of them thought about it again and realized that this was really the case. If Zhao Hai was really willing to give up these disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and not bother to train them, then maybe Zhao Hai would have embarked on a completely different path now. Maybe Zhao Hai has entered the Wanshan Realm long ago and will not stay here. With Zhao Hai's strength, if he wants to break through the Dragon Realm, no one can stop him. Just by looking at the hand Zhao Hai showed before, he already knows that his strength is absolutely extremely powerful. If he wants to break through Dragon Realm, he can really break through directly. No matter how many people are sent here, Dragon Realm , I'm afraid there is no way to keep him here.

But Zhao Hai didn't do that. There was only one reason why he did what he did now, which was to train the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In order to make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stronger, only this reason would make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect stronger. Zhao Hai did this, and doing so seemed to be of no benefit to Zhao Hai.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang Shenlong Haiguo were slowly swimming forward. Now they used illusions again. Jiuling Lao turned into a universal turtle, while Bafang turned into a universal turtle. Octopus, the two of them are still some distance away. To outsiders, they seem to have nothing to do with each other, but they are actually talking all the time.

"Bafang, do you think this is true? In order to prevent others from being involved in the cause and effect, the sect leader personally killed those members of the Swordfish clan, made them into blood crystals, and carried this cause and effect. When it comes to me, why do I feel that this matter is a bit false? The sect master is also a monk, is he really not afraid of being involved in the cause and effect?" Old Jiuling swam forward unhurriedly while looking at all directions. road.

The two of them are now in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, and they are in an area that is not occupied by the Blood Killing Sect, so the two of them talk more casually. In the eyes of Elder Jiuling, what they say here does not matter to Zhao Hai. Maybe he knew, so he told Bafang about it.

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Sir, I really think that this matter may be true. The sect leader may really do this to bear this cause and effect on himself. , don’t let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect be exposed to this kind of karma, because if there are too many of this kind of karma, it will not be of any benefit to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If one of them is not done well, they may become possessed in the future. , this is a big deal for a monk."

"But isn't the sect leader afraid? Shouldn't a monk with his level of strength pay more attention to things about inner demons? With his current strength, apart from inner demons, there are probably very few things that can truly Is it a threat to them? It is precisely because of this that I have never understood why the sect would do this. There is no need for him to bear all the risks on himself, right? Divide the cause and effect into many Isn't it better for people? Maybe everyone has some karma, but not a lot, and it has no impact on us." Old Jiuling said.

"I think it's unlikely. Although killing is an indispensable step in the training process of monks, killing is also very particular. Except for some disciples of the Demon Sect who practice killing, ordinary monks, in terms of strength, When they reach a certain level, they can kill as few people as possible, because they all know that killing has no benefit to them, and those disciples of the Demon Sect who don't believe this, in the end, very few can. There is a happy death, why? Just because they are worried about being involved in this kind of karma, even if they really have to kill people, they will definitely find an excuse, and even say it loudly, putting themselves in a position of justice and allowing themselves The killing must be made reasonable and legal, so that there will be no karma." Bafang said to Jiuling Lao in a deep voice.

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he nodded involuntarily and said: "Yes, monks sometimes have to say a few words before fighting with others. They will first put themselves first. position and then fighting you for that reason."

Bafang nodded and said: "Yes, why do so many people kill so many people, but nothing happens? Because they have received orders, or they have great righteousness, just like our Shenlonghai Kingdom, the Dragon King Some of the people under his command have killed a lot of people, but nothing happened to them and they are still living well, because the Dragon King is the orthodox member of the Shenlong Hai Kingdom, and the people he orders to kill are the ones who deserve to die. Killing people like that won't lead to too much karma, so nothing will happen to those who kill people."

"But the people of the Blood Killing Sect are different. The people of the Blood Killing Sect are killing their enemies, and their purpose of killing their enemies is to make blood crystals. This will make all the people who kill people involved in the cause and effect, so This time, the sect leader did not let others take action, but did it himself, because this battle was different from the previous one. The previous battle was due to the hostility between the two sides. No one could tell what happened when the enemy was killed. Come on, even Heaven will allow it, and killing those people is also an order from the top of the Blood Killing Sect. It can even be said that this order comes from the sect leader, so it doesn't matter if those disciples do it, but this time It’s different. This time I killed just to get the blood crystal. No matter how beautiful it was before, the final goal was for the blood crystal. So if ordinary disciples were to take action this time, there would definitely be consequences, so the sect leader took action himself. Yes, he carried this cause and effect on himself, but in this way, the problem has returned to the original point. If the sect leader takes action, isn't he afraid of getting involved in the cause and effect? ​​If in the previous battle, all the orders to kill were He ordered it, so isn’t there more karma on the sect leader’s body? If it were really calculated like this, then the sect leader should have gone crazy long ago, but why hasn’t it happened yet? What’s going on?” Old Jiuling said a little puzzled.

"I think it may be because the sect master has practiced some special skills, so he is not afraid of those trapped fruits. In the past few days here in the Blood Killing Sect, I also know another thing, that is the power of faith, the power of faith For monks, this is very important. Every monk needs the power of faith, and the power of faith can resolve cause and effect. The sect leader must have the power of faith, and there is a lot of it, otherwise he is It's impossible to resolve so many causes and effects. As for the techniques, I don't know about this, but I don't think there are any techniques that can resolve the causes and effects, right?" Bafang said.

"Yes, Buddhist skills have a certain ability to resolve cause and effect, and I have seen the skills of our Blood Killing Sect. Among the skills of our Blood Killing Sect, there are many Buddhist skills. Shadow, even the magical instruments we use must be engraved with scriptures and precepts. Every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect must study the Buddhist scriptures carefully. All this illustrates the problem. The sect leader is using Buddhism. Kung Fu can resolve cause and effect." Jiuling Lao suddenly said.

When Bafang heard what he said, he was slightly startled at first, and then he couldn't help but nodded and said: "Yes, among the Blood Killing Sect's skills, there are indeed many skills, and there are shadows of Buddhist skills, and all the disciples They all have to study Buddhist scriptures, which is really weird. It seems that the sect leader is really using Buddhist techniques to resolve cause and effect."

Jiuling Lao sighed and said: "It seems that there is a reason why the people in the sect worship the sect master so much. The sect master has indeed done a lot of things for the sect master without asking for anything in return, so the sect disciples It’s not surprising that you worship the sect master so much, the sect master is burdened with too many things.”

Bafang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, the sect master is burdened with too many things. Even if there is the power of faith to resolve the cause and effect, and the Buddhist techniques can resolve the cause and effect, then for a monk, It also requires a lot of experience. If the sect leader doesn't do these things and just focuses on training, then his strength may become even stronger."