c7589 Bringing back the soul

"Hahahaha, Jiuling, I know you too well. I didn't expect that you had second thoughts a long time ago, so I didn't take precautions against you, allowing you to take advantage of the loophole and get away. What do you think? Now that I appear here, can I still be unprepared? I know that you are very strong and are not afraid of my clone, but if I add something to my identity, I wonder if you will be afraid." Dragon King's clone While Elder Jiuling said this, he couldn't help laughing.

At this moment, Tu Xiong, who was standing next to the Dragon King's clone, suddenly opened his mouth, and two things flew out of his mouth. One was a shield, and the one Tu Ying took out was The shield sealed in the crystal ball was the same, the scale-shaped shield was the same thing at first glance, but the other one was a skeleton, the skeleton of a sea snake.

Then the shield and skeleton were directly submerged into the Dragon King's clone. When the fish fillets and bones were submerged into the Dragon King's clone, the Dragon King's clone couldn't help but raise its head to the sky and roar, and then a ball of black energy directly killed the Dragon King's clone. Surrounded by it, when the black energy completely disappeared, the Dragon King's clone had changed drastically.

Originally, the clone of the Dragon King was made of water. It looked very beautiful, but it always gave people an unreal feeling. After all, water is transparent. Now that the water dragon is in the water, naturally It seems a little unreal. But it's different now. Now the Dragon King has completely changed his appearance. The clone of the Dragon King has turned into a black dragon. This black dragon has black scales all over its body and antlers on its head. It looks very... The domineering and domineering attitude.

After the black dragon appeared, a flash of red light flashed in his eyes. Then he opened his mouth, looked at Old Jiuling and laughed loudly: "Jiuling, what do you think? You didn't expect me to have this trick, did you?" This move is specially designed to deal with betrayers like you. Now this clone has my eighth-level combat power, do you think you can still escape?"

When Jiuling Laoyi saw the black dragon, his expression changed. He had already felt it. There was a very powerful force in the black dragon. That force was much stronger than his own. The opponent had indeed been there for a long time. Being prepared to deal with him made Old Jiuling's heart sink.

At this time, a voice was heard saying: "Resurrection through a corpse? This move is nothing. If this thing really has the eighth level of your own strength, then I will be disappointed." This voice It was very calm, and the sound was not even loud, but everyone present heard the sound.

Others didn't know why and looked in the direction of the sound. However, Jiuling Lao and Bafang were overjoyed. They also looked in the direction of the sound. The sound came from above their heads, so everyone almost When he raised his head at the same time, he saw a figure, which grew from small to large, and slowly appeared in front of everyone.

Then Zhao Hai fell in front of everyone. Jiuling Lao and Bafang quickly stepped forward and saluted Zhao Hai: "I have met the sect master." The two of them really did not expect that Zhao Hai was actually here. It was as if he had been watching them all along, and this discovery surprised and delighted them.

What was surprising was that Zhao Hai had been watching them, so everything they did was seen by Zhao Hai. If they really did something wrong, then Zhao Hai would really punish them. It's too easy, but the joy is that with Zhao Hai here, this Dragon King's clone is really nothing to worry about.

Black Dragon looked at Zhao Hai who had fallen down, with a solemn look on his face. His eyes flashed red, staring at Zhao Hai and saying: "Are you Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect? You look like that. Not so good." Even though he said this, everyone could see the solemn look on Heilong's face.

Zhao Hai looked at the black dragon's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, stop pretending, I don't believe you haven't seen me from other shadow clan law powers and don't know my strength. , if you really didn’t know my strength, you wouldn’t act like this.”

Black Dragon looked at Zhao Hai, laughed suddenly and said: "Hahahaha, Zhao Hai, you are right, I know you, and I have been waiting for you for a long time. I know your strength, and I also know your But it's useless. So what if you eliminate me here? I already know from your conversation that I still have my consciousness in the outside world. They are much stronger than me. I I will eventually eliminate you, there is no way you can defeat me."

Zhao Hai looked at the black dragon and smiled coldly: "It seems that you still don't quite understand what you are. This is the world of cultivation, do you know? The world of cultivation is not the territory of your Shadow Clan. The power of the law, entering here is tantamount to invasion. Although the Tianlong Babu Realm is a relatively closed environment, it is just equivalent to a courtyard in a city. Generally speaking, he still returns It is controlled by the power of laws in the world of cultivation. Although the power of laws in the world of cultivation is relatively rigid, they will only follow their own route, but you are the ones blocking their way. Of course they will deal with you, no. I know if you have felt that when I cleaned up the previous interfaces, your strength seemed to be weakening. Am I right? Your strength is weakening little by little. The laws of the Shadow Clan outside The same goes for power. If I eliminate a little of the power of law, the power of law of the Shadow Clan will become weaker. Sooner or later, I will be stronger than you. I will completely destroy the power of law of your Shadow Clan. Eliminate those from the world of cultivation.”

Listening to the conversation between the two, others still didn't understand what was going on. Now everyone knows that Zhao Hai did not lie to them. Everything he said is true. There are really Shadow Clan people in this world. The power of law is such a thing, and Zhao Hai and the others did enter the Dragon Realm in order to hunt down the power of law of the Shadow Clan.

Heilong heard what Zhao Hai said, but he sneered and said: "That's nice, Zhao Hai, do you really think you can deal with me? I tell you, stop dreaming, I am the power of a law, I I am immortal, there is no way you can destroy me, and you never can.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "That's not necessarily true, but it's useless to say this. I will definitely deal with you. Now, everyone here knows your identity. Hahahaha, you can't lie to them anymore. Why? Like? Are you disappointed?" Zhao Hai looked at the black dragon and couldn't help laughing.

Black Dragon snorted coldly and said: "Those who are not controlled by me are already preparing to betray me. Those who are controlled by me, even if they know my identity, they cannot betray me. What do I have to worry about? Zhao Hai, stop playing tricks with me, it's useless."

Zhao Hai looked at the black dragon and smiled suddenly. He said in a deep voice: "You are right. Those who are not controlled by you have begun to doubt you, and those who are controlled by others are already your people. They even They may have known your identity for a long time, so they will naturally not betray you. That's all. After telling you so much, there is indeed a lot of nonsense. It's time to understand this matter. I think you should get out of here. Otherwise, if I destroy a clone, it will probably have some impact on your strength." Zhao Hai looked at the Dragon King, his eyes sparkling.

When the Dragon King heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but sneer and said: "Zhao Hai, I have always heard that you are very powerful, but I don't know how powerful you are. Today, I just want to learn from you. What do you want me to do?" If you don’t do anything and leave directly, then you are thinking wrong.”

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at the Dragon King, and then said: "If you don't want to leave, then don't leave. It would be good to deal with you today and give you a blow to your physical strength. Let's see what happens." After that, Zhao Hai slowly raised his hand, stretched out a finger, and pointed at the black dragon. Then his figure suddenly disappeared from the place, and the next moment his figure had appeared in He reached in front of the black dragon, and then his finger hit a scale on the black dragon's body.

He heard a click, and the scales shattered. Originally, it was just a scale, but when the scales shattered, the black dragon seemed to have suffered huge damage. He found a huge dragon sound. He groaned, and then the black energy on his body began to float away, which looked very weird.

At this moment, Zhao Hai moved his hand and inserted it directly into the black dragon's body. It was the hand that reached in from the broken scale of the black dragon, and then he pulled his hand out. , the next moment a skeleton appeared in his hand. This skeleton was only more than one meter long. At first glance, it was obvious that it was the skeleton of a snake. Zhao Hai took a look at the skeleton, and then turned his hand over. The skeleton has disappeared.

After looking at the black dragon, after the skeleton disappeared, it was like a snake that had its bones removed in one fell swoop. It succumbed directly there and then turned into pieces of sea water and disappeared. Of course, in this sea water There was also a lot of black energy inside, and that black energy disappeared immediately.

Then Zhao Hai turned his head and glanced at Tu Xiong and the others from the Sailfish Clan. He waved his hand, and Tu Xiong and the others seemed to be gathered together by an incomparable force. , and then Zhao Hai waved his hand, Tu Xiong and the others all turned into blood. Finally, the blood began to compress continuously, and finally turned into a crystal, but this crystal was very small, only the size of a soybean.

Zhao Hai put away the crystal, then turned to look at Old Jiu Ling and his group who were looking at him blankly. Finally, he set his sights on Tu Ying and the pure piece in front of Tu Ying. Crystal ball, he moved his hand, and the pure crystal ball fell directly into his hand. He looked at the pure crystal ball carefully, with a look of surprise on his face, and murmured: "It really doesn't exist. Thinking that there is such a thing, it seems that the great power back then was probably on the last step. The Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon were about to be successfully refined, but it failed at the last moment. What a pity, what a pity. such a pity."