c7594 rush ahead

Long Ying led the army of puppets and kept moving forward. They also carried small radars on their bodies, so they knew where the lobster army was. He still knew something about the lobster army. Although the lobster army could also be in the sea They swim, but when they move, they mostly crawl on the ground. Because of this, their speed is not very fast.

If those lobsters really swim in the sea like fish, then they may have some trouble to deal with them, but if they crawl on the ground, it will be even easier for them to clean up. The speed of those lobsters is impossible Their puppet cavalry is faster, because their puppet cavalry can transform when necessary. If they really turn into giant fish and swim in the sea, their speed will be even faster.

Long Ying and the others had only advanced for about half an hour when they already saw the lobster army. The number of this lobster army was very large. Looking at it from the sea, it was covered with white flowers and looked very scary. However, Long Ying and the others were Not afraid at all, Long Ying actually smiled when he saw the appearance of those lobsters.

Those lobsters are not small. They are all more than three meters long. When crawling on the ground, they are about one meter tall. They have two huge claws and look very majestic. When seeing this, Long Ying He couldn't help but smile slightly, and then ordered: "The whole army listens to the order and lets our puppet beasts get taller. If those lobsters fight back, they will bounce up and run very high. We must make our puppet beasts taller." Only by getting taller can we trample them to death."

Everyone responded with a roar, and then their mounts grew taller at once. Everyone's mounts reached about ten meters. Long Ying flattened the spear in his hand and shouted: "Puppet Cavalry, charge!" After speaking, His puppet beast rushed forward, and all the puppet cavalry behind him rushed forward together.

The speed of these puppet beasts can be controlled very well, so even when they charge, their formation is not chaotic at all. The formation of the entire army is still very neat, and then the entire cavalry , rushed directly into the lobster army.

There are also some masters in the lobster army. As soon as they saw the puppet cavalry charging up, they immediately made preparations. However, the charging speed of those puppet cavalry was too fast, and they did not give them much chance to react. They rushed directly. After entering the lobster army, they did not stop and kept rushing forward. All the lobsters in front of them were knocked away by them. Many lobsters that did not react were directly killed by the puppet beasts. They were trampled over and crushed to death.

Long Ying commanded the puppet cavalry brigade to rush forward. After charging for more than an hour, they realized that they had completely killed the lobster army. When they saw this situation, Long Ying first said Stunned, he then gave the order, and the army turned a corner and rushed towards the lobster army.

The lobsters also reacted at this time. They all rushed towards the dragon shadow with their teeth and claws bared, but this time the puppet cavalry did not rush over directly. Instead, they brushed against the edge of the lobster army, rushed over, and killed them in one fell swoop. He caught a lot of lobsters, and then used his speed to break away quickly, and then came back.

They are fast, have strong defense, and have very powerful attack power. Although the lobsters have come up with many ways to deal with them, they have never had a chance. And they keep attacking like this, which makes them lose their lives. Drag the lobster army here.

They kept fighting like this for several hours. Just when the lobster army was a little relaxed, Long Ying commanded the puppet cavalry and rushed directly into the lobster army. At one time, he fought his way out of the lobster army. , killing the lobster army at once, and then Long Ying directly led the puppet cavalry army and flew away.

When Long Ying and the others returned to Coral City, only Bafang and the others were still waiting for him. All other people in Coral City had disappeared. As soon as Bafang saw Long Ying and the others coming back, they immediately went to greet him. Ying also bowed to Bafang, and Bafang returned the gift. Long Ying then smiled at Bafang and said, "Elder Bafang, have all the people here in Coral City been evacuated?"

Bafang nodded and said: "Yes, everyone in the city has been evacuated. Don't worry anymore. Captain Long, what are the battle losses of the cavalry brigade?" Bafang is still more concerned about this. He doesn't know the battle losses of the cavalry brigade. No, but in his opinion, if the cavalry brigade's battle losses were too great, then their attack this time would not be worth the gain.

Long Ying said with a smile: "A few of our people were injured, but no one died in the battle. Don't worry, elders. The lobster army is chasing after them. Next, let's see how the magic circle here is and use it to block them. For a while, we will go to rest first, and after we have rested, we will come to deal with them. If they can really break the magic circle, then we will leave directly."

Bafang nodded, turned to look at Tu Jinbo who was standing next to him, and then said: "Old Tu, you are the most familiar with this city. Let's do this. You lead them to have a rest, and I'll watch from here. Those lobsters, I really want to see what those lobster armies are capable of."

Tu Jinbo responded, and directly led Long Ying and the others towards the city. Tu Jinbo wanted to talk to Long Ying and the others several times, wanting to tell Long Ying and the others that the passage to the city was really It was too small, so he couldn't get in, but he didn't say anything in the end because he found that Long Ying's mounts were getting smaller and finally disappeared completely.

Upon seeing this situation, Tu Jinbo couldn't help but sigh. He really admired these magical weapons of the Blood Killing Sect. They were really powerful. When he led Long Ying and the others to the passage, he Then he pointed to some small holes on both sides of the passage and said: "Captain Long, these holes are all resting places for our swordfish family. You can choose any one you want to go in and rest. There is no one inside."

Long Ying nodded, waved his hand and immediately ordered: "Everyone, find a cave to rest and wait for orders." After saying that, Long Ying turned to Tu Jinbo and said, "Thank you, Elder Tu." He had just finished After receiving the notice from the sect, the members of the Sailfish clan have officially joined the Blood Killing Sect, and Tu Jinbo has also been named the elder of the Blood Killing Sect, so he was so polite to Tu Jinbo. Just call Tu Jinbo elder.

Tu Jinbo quickly returned the greeting: "Captain Long, you are so polite. You can go and have a rest. If you need anything, just tell me. You are welcome. Although our swordfish clan members have all evacuated, there are still some supplies in the city. ." Tu Jinbo actually knew very well that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really didn't like the things in the city. To be honest, after seeing the magical weapons and materials of the Blood Killing Sect, he himself I despise the things used by the swordfish clan.

Long Ying saluted Tu Jinbo again, and then went to find a place to rest. But Tu Jinbo came outside the city and stood next to Bafang. When Bafang saw that he was back, he rushed to the spot. He nodded and said: "Are you settled?" He was still very concerned about Long Ying and the others. He knew very well that from now on he would be a member of the Blood Killing Sect. Now, if he had a good relationship with Long Ying and the others, he would only care about them. benefit.

Tu Jinbo nodded and said: "Everything has been arranged, so you can rest assured. Speaking of which, their fighting power is really strong enough. They have held off the Lobster Clan for so long and no one died. This is really true." It's amazing." He knew the strength of the Lobster Clan. Although they were not the top beings among the Sea Clan, they had a large number of people. Any race would have a huge headache against them, so no one dared to take it lightly against the Lobster Clan. .

Tu Jinbo originally thought that Long Ying and the others would suffer a lot of losses this time, but Long Ying said that they only had some injured and none died in the battle. This surprised Tu Jinbo. In his opinion, Long Ying They definitely didn't have a head-on confrontation with the lobster clan, they just used their speed to hold them back, but even so, it was already very impressive. You must know that the lobster clan is very desperate when it comes to fighting.

Bafang nodded and said in a deep voice: "There is no weak army in the Blood Killing Sect. I learned about it. In the previous interfaces, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been fighting with those in the interface. The main purpose of the war is to train soldiers, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all experienced in many battles, so it is not surprising that they have such fighting prowess."

Just as Tu Jinbo was about to speak, he heard a disciple next to him say: "Elder Bafang, here we come." As soon as Tu Jinbo heard this, he immediately raised his head and looked forward, and saw a white dot in the distance heading towards It surged over here and looked like foam in the sea, which was very spectacular.

Tu Jinbo couldn't help but take a deep breath. He knew that many people from the Lobster Clan came this time, but when he saw the army of the Lobster Clan, he was still very surprised. He did not expect that the Lobster Clan came this time. There were many people, but he didn't say anything. He also wanted to see how powerful the Blood Killing Sect's array was.

When the Lobster Clan's army got closer to them, Tu Jinbo let out a light sigh, and then he murmured: "No, the number of the Lobster Clan's army seems to be much smaller, and among them, Are there many injured? These lobsters have always been like this, even if they are injured, they will not retreat, so their injured people follow them. Look, there are so many injured people in their army. There is something wrong with this. ?”

After taking a look at the lobsters, Bafang chuckled and said: "There is nothing wrong. I think it must be Long Ying and the others who did it. Old Tu, you still underestimate Long Ying and the others. Did you just think that Long Ying and the others did it?" Ying and the others just held back the lobster army and did not engage in a head-on battle with them? Let me tell you, that is absolutely impossible. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, if given the chance, will definitely give the enemy the most fatal blow, Long Ying Their puppet mounts can become bigger. With those mounts, they can completely rush into the enemy formation. I think they must have rushed into the formation of the lobster army before they brought it to the lobster army. It must have caused such great harm."