c7598 mistake

"But everyone should also know that large sects like the Blood Killing Sect also have rules. The Blood Killing Sect has many human disciples and is the strongest, so it naturally occupies the most resources. We, the Hai people, have a population that is There are only a few people. Even if we include the people who killed Zongyuan Hai Clan, the population is not large. Therefore, if we want to develop, it will be very difficult. So what I mean is that we must unite and we must unite. Group, so that we will have the strength to win more things. One is, we must recruit more people from the Shenlonghai Kingdom, so that our strength will be strong. Only we will become a blood killer. When the sect is a force that cannot be ignored, we can get more supplies and win more benefits for our people. What do you think?" After finishing speaking, Old Jiuling looked at it with gleaming eyes. Several people.

Bazu scratched his head with his tentacles and said with some confusion: "Didn't the Blood Killing Sect say that all disciples are fair? They won't look at which race you are from. As long as you are strong enough, Well, as long as your talent is enough and you have contribution points, then you can get everything you want. Otherwise, you will have nothing. This is what Zongmen is emphasizing. So what we are doing now, What else is there for?"

As soon as Bazu spoke, Bafang glared at him and said: "Shut up, you believe this. Even if the rules of the Blood Killing Sect are really like this, you can guarantee that the people below will do the same." ? So it’s true that we stand together as a team and have a greater say. You listen honestly and don’t talk nonsense." Bafang has always believed that Bazou’s mind is too simple, so he directly follows Bazu clearly stated this matter so that Bazu could understand what was going on.

Bazu was still very afraid of his eldest brother, so he didn't say anything, he just responded and stopped talking. Bafang turned to Jiuling and said, "Sir, go on. You also know that Bazu has that temper. He doesn't have any bad intentions."

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said with a smile: "That's good. I like Bazu's character very much, but Bazu, Bafang may have to stay with the sect for a long time in the future, and there won't be much time for management. The affairs of the Blue-Light Octopus Clan, and the affairs of the Blue-Light Octopus Clan from now on, will more often be your responsibility. Whatever happens to you, you have to think more about it, because any decision you make will affect countless people of the Blue-Light Octopus Clan. Human life, so you can’t take it lightly.”

Bazu responded with a look of shame on his face, but neither Tu Ying nor Jian Lin blamed him. They both looked at Old Jiuling, and they both felt that what Old Jiuling said was very reasonable. Elder Jiu Ling then said: "My idea is that in the next period of time, we must pay more attention to the situation on the front line. As long as there are sea people attacking our Blood Killing Sect people on the front line, a few of us will Let's come forward together to persuade them to see if they can surrender. Every more person surrenders, we will have more strength. You don't want to participate in the Eight Legs. The Blue Light Octopus clan only needs representatives from all directions. But it’s not like you have nothing at all. You must have more contact with the original sea tribes of the Blood Killing Sect. Only by having more contact with them can we draw them to our side. In the future, we We are all members of the Hai Clan, we must stick together, only in this way can we strive for greater benefits."

Several people all agreed. They all felt that what Jiuling Lao said was very reasonable, because this is the case here in the Dragon Realm. There are so many people but only a few supplies. If you don't fight for it, who will? It’s given to you, so you have to fight for it, but if you don’t have the strength, then your fight will be in vain. If you have the strength, of course you can fight.

But they don’t know the situation here in the Blood Killing Sect. Maybe Jiuling Lao knows some about the Blood Killing Sect, but he doesn’t know much about it. If he lives in the Blood Killing Sect for a longer time, he will know more about the Blood Killing Sect. If he kills more sects, he will not have such thoughts. The Blood Killing Sect really does not lack their little supplies. Zhao Hai even decided to tilt the supplies to the Hai Clan. It can be said that it has already affected the Hai Clan. It was very taken care of.

If they don't do anything and really just calm down and be ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then nothing will happen to them, but if they really stick together and want to be in this way If they come to threaten the Blood Killing Sect and Zhao Hai, and ask Zhao Hai to give them more supplies, it will only be counterproductive. Zhao Hai will never show mercy when he kills people.

This is also a kind of sadness for people like Jiuling Lao and others. When they were in the Dragon Realm, they fought for it like this, so they felt that it was the same in the Blood Killing Sect, but the reality was different from what they thought. , but it is completely different. It can be said that they have embarked on a wrong path.

When Old Jiuling saw that everyone agreed, he nodded and said: "Okay, this matter has been settled. Tu Ying, Jian Lin, you two should go back to Coral City. Coral City is the only place to go." It has just been established and there are many things. Bafang and I will go to the front line to keep an eye on it. If anything happens, I will contact you immediately and then we will act together. And if we want to act together, we must also fight with Elder Sun. Say hello, after all, he is the frontline commander. Although the sect master gave me the order, we cannot bypass Elder Sun, the frontline commander, otherwise we will offend others."

Several people all responded. Old Jiuling looked at Tu Ying and Jian Lin and said in a deep voice: "You two had better get things done in Coral City as soon as possible, and then pass the things in your hands to the hands of your subordinates. One point, it is best to find a successor like Bazu, because you all have clan leaders of various clans, and you are all very powerful. In the future, you will also become the elders of the sect, even if you cannot become the core elder. , you may also become a branch elder. At that time, the sect may not let you stay in your clan every day. In this way, you will not be able to take care of too much in the affairs of your clan. So you must find someone who can help you manage things in the clan."

The two of them responded as soon as they heard it, and then Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "Okay, then you can go back first. There are a lot of things going on in Coral City, so you should pay more attention to it." The two of them responded and said to Jiuling The old man bowed, then bowed to Bafang and Bazu, then turned around and walked out.

After the two people left, Old Jiuling turned to Bazu and said, "Bazu, what I told you before was not to give you an excuse to prevent you from going to the front line, but to really You must get in touch with those sea tribes from the Blood Killing Sect. Otherwise, relying on people like us may have the opposite effect. After all, we all just joined the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect may not be completely confident about us."

Bazu responded. He really thought before that Jiuling Lao had found an excuse to let him go to the front line. Now when he heard Jiu Ling Lao say this, he was relieved. Jiu Ling Lao had given up. Waving his hands, Bazu also stood up, saluted the two of them, then turned and left.

After Bazu left, Old Jiuling took a deep breath and said in a deep voice: "Let's go back to the front line. In addition to telling Elder Sun about this matter, I am also preparing to return to Shenlonghai Kingdom." Take a look there, after all, I haven’t seen a single turtle tribe member until now, I want to go back and see how my tribe members are doing.”

Bafang responded, and then looked at Old Jiuling hesitantly. Looking at his expression, Old Jiuling couldn't help but be startled, and then immediately said: "What's wrong? Is there something wrong? Is something wrong? Don't tell me what you want to say." Elder Jiuling knows Bafang very well. Although Bafang has more thoughts than Bazhu, he is not the kind of person who can't express his emotions and anger, so what's wrong with him? Son, it is usually displayed on the face.

Bafang looked at the appearance of Old Jiuling, took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice: "Sir, I do have one thing to tell you. You must be mentally prepared. The Dragon King has suppressed the Turtle Clan very hard in recent years. It’s serious, and no one is allowed to intercede with the Turtle Clan. Anyone who intercedes will be dealt with. I heard that A Jian’s death this time is also related to this incident, so the current situation of the Turtle Clan may not be good. , because the Dragon King exiled the Turtle Clan to the Dark Trench."

"What? You said that the Dragon King banished the Turtle Clan to the Dark Trench? Does he want the lives of our Turtle Clan? Where is the Dark Trench? It is a place without barriers, and the temperature there is too It is much lower than other places. This has a huge impact on our turtle tribe. It will not only affect the lives of our turtle tribe, but also affect the future generations of our turtle tribe. How could he do this? Do you want Is it the life of the entire Turtle Clan?" Upon hearing what Bafang said, Jiulinglao jumped up, his eyes widened, obviously extremely angry.

How could Old Jiu Ling, who had been living in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, not know where the Dark Trench was? The Dark Trench was a deserted place in the sea. No one knew how deep the trench there was. They only knew that it was very deep, and there was nothing there. Of any sea plants, only some small fish live there, but the water temperature there is much colder than other places.

The turtle tribe is a cold-blooded animal. In water with low temperature, their mobility will decrease, which will also affect their lives. The most important thing is that if the temperature is too low, the next generation of the turtle tribe will also be affected. Affected, when the temperature is too low, turtles will not give birth. Even if they do give birth, the gender of their next generation will also be affected by the water temperature. If the temperature is low, the turtles produced will mostly be male. If a race only has one gender left in the end, then this race will really perish.

It is for this reason that Elder Jiu Ling was so excited when he heard from Bafang that the Turtle Clan was exiled to the Dark Trench, because the influence of the Dark Trench on the Turtle Clan was really great. If the turtle tribe survives there for too long, it may really become extinct.