c7597 discuss

When Tu Jinbo and Bafang arrived at the Coral City, they discovered that this place was really a huge coral reef. The area was much larger than the Coral City where the Sailfish Clan originally lived. But now there is more than just People from the Sailfish and Swordfish Clan are also here. The Swordfish Clan, because their numbers have become much smaller, are also sitting here now.

But fortunately, the area of ​​this coral reef is very huge, so there is no problem for both of their tribes to sit here, and there was no conflict between the two tribes in the past. It can even be said that there are some distant relatives between the two tribes. relationship, so now we live together, there will be no problem.

There are many Sea Clan disciples from the Blood Killing Sect here. They are here to help the Swordfish Clan and Swordfish Clan people explain some special places in this Coral City. In this Coral City, not only is there a teleportation array , there are also various magic circles, and the uses of these magic circles are also different. These need to be explained well by others.

Bafang took a look at this place and was very satisfied. To put it bluntly, this place is bigger and more beautiful than Pearl City, but he is not envious. It is big and beautiful here, but it is not his home. He still prefers Pearl City. After all, he is very accustomed to living there.

After staying in this city for a while, Bafang returned to Pearl City. By the time he arrived at Pearl City, all the members of the Sailfish clan had arrived at Coral City. Pearl City had returned to their original appearance. People still live very leisurely.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang came to Pearl City, the area where the Blue Light Octopus clan lived. They said hello to Bazou, and then found a room. The two went in. When they arrived in the room, a servant brought spiritual tea. , and then retreated. Now their room has two shapes, one is the shape with water, and the other is the shape without water. The shape with water is how they usually live in it. The waterless form is for receiving the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Those ordinary disciples are more accustomed to living in the waterless form. Of course, Jiuling Lao and the others can also live in that waterless form. , but they are not used to it.

But if you want to drink spiritual tea, it can only be in the waterless form. This is very important. The two of them are now in the waterless form in the room. Bafang said to Jiuling: "Sir, blood The strength of the Killing Sect is really beyond our imagination. It seems that it won’t take long before the Dragon Realm is overtaken by the Blood Killing Sect. I wonder what you think we should do in the future? "

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "If the Hai Clan comes to attack, it will be me, you, Tu Ying and Jian Lin, and we will come forward together. I believe that with our identities, we can persuade them to surrender." , it shouldn’t be difficult, as long as we can persuade those people to surrender, then our Sea Clan’s status in the Blood Killing Sect will be higher, and we can also save the Sea Clan’s people from dying, which is a good thing that kills two birds with one stone.”

Bafang nodded and said: "I think so too, but I'm actually a little worried now. I'm worried about how the Dragon King will react. This can be seen from his method of dealing with the swordfish and swordfish clans. He is actually worried about the powerful fighting races here in Dragon Realm. He wants to completely control these races in his own hands. This is not necessarily a good thing for us, because after our Regarding the matter of the Swordfish Clan and Sailfish Clan, the Dragon King will definitely take action. When we come into contact with those people, there may not be any results, because the Dragon King will definitely try every means to completely eliminate those races. The control is in your own hands."

Old Jiuling nodded, then sighed softly and said: "There is nothing we can do about it. We can only do our best and obey fate. If we don't persuade them, some of the sea tribes who might have hoped to surrender will be killed. They will be killed by people from the Blood Killing Sect. If we persuade them, then they will survive. This is very important to our Sea Clan. The number of our Sea Clan is still too small. Compared with the Blood Killing Clan, In terms of the number of disciples of the sect, we are too few. In the future, if we, the Hai tribe, want to have a place in the Blood Killing sect, we can only make ourselves stronger, so we need more people to help us. .”

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he felt that it was very reasonable. He said: "Yes, the Blood Killing Sect is too strong. If we can't win more say, then in the future, the Blood Killing Sect will If we don’t live here, no one will take us seriously, and our future development may be greatly restricted.”

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "Yes, if we want to develop better in the Blood Killing Sect, we must have stronger strength and greater say. Only in this way can we obtain more supplies in the future. , in order to develop better, this is very important to us, the Sea Clan."

Bafang nodded, and then said: "I think we should find a voice to call Jianlin and Tu Ying together. We all have a good discussion. We must let them know our thoughts. This is the only way. Only they will know what to do, otherwise, if it depends on the two of us, I’m afraid it won’t work.”

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Yes, we must call them over. Otherwise, it is really impossible to rely on the two of them. That's all. Let's not talk about it now. We now know about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. There are still too few, so it’s best to keep a low profile now, and if we can save more people from the Sea Tribe, we can save more people from the Sea Tribe. Let’s talk about what happens next. I think we should also go to the front line to have a look.”

Bafang nodded, and the two of them walked out of the room. Then Bafang gave a few instructions to Bafang, and the two went directly through the teleportation array and returned to the radar ship on the front line. On the radar ship, they went to the headquarters to take a look. It was discovered that Sun Buyu and the others had also gone to rest. The army had stopped to rest and recuperate. All the previous territories had been occupied by them. Now they had nothing to do.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang also returned to their rooms to rest for a while. When they walked out of the room, it was already eight hours later. When they arrived at the headquarters, they found that Sun Buyu and the others They have arrived at the headquarters, but a few people are just looking at the radar projection to analyze the next attack, but the army has not moved.

As soon as he saw the two people coming, Sun Buyu waved to them and said: "Elder Jiuling, Elder Bafang, come, you guys should come and have a look too." The two of them responded and walked to the projection. There, what is shown is the situation within ten thousand miles in front of the Blood Killing Sect. Apart from some common sea fish and some marine creatures, there are no people from the sea tribe there, and it seems very quiet and peaceful.

Sun Buyu looked at the sea area and said: "There is no enemy here now, but it does not mean that there are no enemies there. Some sea tribes can hide under the sea and then suddenly attack us. These are actually nothing. It's amazing. As long as we let the alien race go in front, we don't have to worry about sneak attacks from the bottom of the sea. But I think we still have to be a little more careful, because we don't know what kind of race we will encounter next. If we encounter If the Sea Clan comes to deal with us, we will have to ask you two to come forward and try to contact the other party. If you can persuade them to surrender, it would be best. If you cannot persuade them to surrender, then we will only have one battle. We are not afraid of fighting, but , if we really kill all those Hai clan people, it will not be of any benefit to us, so after all, it still depends on you two."

Both of them nodded, and Sun Buyu continued: "We have almost occupied about half of the territory here in Dragon Realm, and the number of troops available to the Dragon King is probably not too many, but it should not be too many. There will be less, so we need to be more careful and we must not let the enemy plot against us."

Several people responded, and Sun Buyu then said: "Everyone, please go back and rest. Nothing will happen in the past two days. Although there has been no fighting in the past two days, we still need to rest for a while. We must let the disciples We must stay in the best condition, so there will be no action in the past two days. When there is action, I will inform you."

Several people nodded, Sun Buyu waved his hand, and Bafang and Jiulinglao left the headquarters. They both went to Jiulinglao's room. Bafang said to Jiulinglao: "Sir, now the Swordfish clan and Sailfish The clan should have almost settled down, I think we can call them together and have a serious discussion."

Jiuling Lao thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Forget it, let's go back. This is the frontline command ship. If we call them here to discuss and let others see it, it will not be good. We'd better go back. Find them." Bafang naturally would not object, and the two of them immediately activated the teleportation array and returned to Pearl City.

After arriving at Pearl City, Bafang immediately asked Bazu to invite Tu Ying and Jianlin to Pearl City. They had something to discuss. Although Bazu didn't know what they were going to discuss, he immediately sent someone to invite them. After the people left, Tu Ying and Jian Lin arrived at Pearl City not long after.

Bazu led the two of them to a room that Bafang had arranged in advance. Just as he was about to go out, he heard Jiuling Lao say: "Bazu, you should also stay and listen. In the future, the affairs of the Blue Light Octopus clan will be more... A lot of time may be left to you, so you should listen to it."

Ba Zu was stunned, but he didn't say anything afterwards. He just nodded and found a place to sit down. Tu Ying and Jian Lin also sat down, but both of them looked at Bafang and Jiu in confusion. Mr. Ling, I don’t know what the two of them want to do when they come to them.

Jiuling Lao glanced at a few people, and then said: "I won't be polite to you, so I will talk about the matter directly. We are all from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. We have just joined the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect's You should also know the strength. It is extremely powerful, stronger than any force we have encountered before. To be honest, we are lucky to be able to join such a force..."