c7590 join in

After Zhao Hai finished speaking, he glanced at Tu Ying and said in a deep voice: "Your name is Tu Ying, the leader of the swordfish clan. How about giving this thing to me? I'm not coveting this thing from you. In fact, this thing really doesn't exist." What a good picture, because as long as we take down the eight realms of Tianlong, then this place will become a pure land. You can have as many of these things as you want, mainly because the small shield inside this thing, although it has other It’s wrapped, but if you always carry it with you, it won’t do you any good.”

Tu Ying came back to his senses immediately, and he immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said: "Tu Ying has met Sect Master Zhao, you can take this thing, Sect Master Zhao, but it will be of no use to me anyway." He is now here In front of Zhao Hai, he really felt like he couldn't even breathe, so when he heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately agreed.

Tu Ying knew the strength of the Dragon King's clone. He also knew the strength of the Dragon King. The Black Dragon said before that he had the eighth level of strength of the Dragon King. He still believed this. It was precisely because of his belief that he knew about the Black Dragon. How strong is the dragon king? The eighth level of strength of the Dragon King is enough to overwhelm a master like Jiuling Lao. However, such a being, in the hands of Zhao Hai, cannot even make a single move. He was destroyed by Zhao Hai. He could no longer imagine how strong Zhao Hai was.

Zhao Hai glanced at Tu Ying, nodded, and immediately put away the crystal ball. Then he looked at Jiu Ling and said, "Jiu Ling, please talk slowly. As long as the people of the Hai Clan join the blood... If you kill the Sect, you will be treated like ordinary disciples of the Blood Sect. As for the elders like Tu Ying and others, they will be given corresponding positions according to their strength. I can let you make the decision on this. Don't worry. Just take your time." After saying that, his figure disappeared directly.

After Zhao Hai disappeared, Tu Ying and the others heaved a sigh of relief. Then Tu Ying turned to Old Jiuling and said, "Lord Jiuling, is this the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai? How could he be so powerful? , it’s really amazing, to be honest, I didn’t even dare to take a breath before.”

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Of course, this is Zhao Hai, the sect leader of the Blood Killing Sect, not just you. Others are afraid to show off their anger in front of the sect leader, but the sect leader is actually very kind. He always smiles when he talks to us, and he cares about us very much. I heard that the sect master is practicing recently and spends all his energy on training, so he seems a little cold."

Tu Ying smiled bitterly and said: "It's cold there. I think it's already very good. For a master like him to talk to me so politely and say something to me when taking away the pure crystal ball, it's already very good." Give me face, Master Jiuling, I won’t say much else, I will go back immediately and summon all the clan elders to discuss joining the Blood Killing Sect.”

When Old Jiuling heard what Tu Ying said, he couldn't help but be overjoyed. He nodded and said: "Okay, Tu Ying, it's really great that you can decide like this. I'll give this to you. You can take it back. Maybe you can use it." Keep it." After saying that, Old Jiuling took out a jade slip and gave it to Tu Ying.

Tu Ying took the jade slip with some confusion, glanced at Mr. Jiuling, and then said: "Lord Jiuling, what is this thing? What is it used for?" Tu Ying really didn't know what this jade slip could do. What are you doing? Why would Elder Jiuling say that he might need this jade slip?

Old Jiuling said: "This jade slip is a photo jade slip. It will record some of the things we saw before, including images and sounds. Take it back and show it to the elders, and they will know Knowing what the Dragon King has done to you, maybe they will support you in joining the Blood Killing Sect. If after reading this, they still refuse to join the Blood Killing Sect, then you have to think carefully about their identities. ”

When Tu Ying heard what Jiuling Lao said, he was stunned at first, and then his heart sank. He nodded, then picked up the jade slip, looked at it carefully, and then input his mental power into it. After the mental power was input, a projection immediately appeared on the jade slip, which was exactly what happened before. However, this projection was recorded from the perspective of Elder Jiu Ling.

Jiuling Lao looked at Tu Ying and said with a smile: "You only need to enter your spirit into this jade slip. No mental power is needed. It is very simple to use and can be played over and over again. There is nothing to worry about." Jiuling Lao knew that most people When you see a jade slip, you need to input mental power into it, and this kind of jade slip for taking pictures does not require the input of mental power into it. Although inputting mental power into the jade slip can also provide energy to the jade slip, the energy is not There are many, so the control of the image is not very flexible, and the image will appear very small.

But if spiritual energy is input into it, the situation will be different. The size of the image can be controlled and it is more flexible, so he reminded Tu Ying to prevent Tu Ying from showing this to the elders of the swordfish clan. During the projection, spiritual power is also input into it. If the elders cannot see clearly, it will be even more troublesome.

Tu Ying responded and immediately put away the jade slips. Then he glanced at Jiuling Lao and Bafang, and said in a deep voice: "I will go back now. You two can wait here for my news. I believe it will be soon." There will be news, Jinbo, let's go." Tu Jinbo responded, followed Tu Ying, and swam straight towards the swordfish clan's army.

In fact, the army of the Sailfish Clan has already discovered that something is wrong here. After all, the shape of the black dragon, the clone of the previous Dragon King, is there. A huge black dragon more than ten miles long suddenly appeared there. The people of the Sailfish Clan suddenly appeared there. It was difficult not to notice it, so they all noticed the situation here.

But because the clan leader and several other elders were not here, the Swordfish clan could be said to be leaderless. Although there were still a few elders around, those elders did not dare to make a decision easily, so they did not attack and just sent The army was assembled to deal with emergencies.

Soon, Tu Ying and Tu Jinbo had returned to the Sailfish Clan’s army. As soon as the Sailfish Clan’s army saw Tu Ying and Tu Jinbo coming back, they couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief. With the clan leader back, they also had They had lost their backbone, so they naturally relaxed a little, and Tu Ying was not polite and directly summoned all the elders of the Sailfish clan as soon as he returned.

After all the elders of the Sailfish Clan were summoned, Tu Ying looked at the elders of the Sailfish Clan and said directly: "Some changes happened here before. I think everyone should have seen what happened. The black dragon that appeared before is the clone of the Dragon King, and the reason why his clone of the Dragon King appears here is to deal with me."

When Tu Ying said this, the elders of the Sailfish Clan were all in an uproar. Although Tu Ying had only been the leader of the Sailfish Clan for a short time, his contribution to Sailfish was still very great. Over the years, , many of the powerful fighting races here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom were suppressed by the Dragon King, and slowly seemed to be in decline. However, not only did their swordfish clan not fall, but they steadily improved, and their strength became stronger and stronger. He is getting stronger and stronger. In this case, the people of the Sailfish clan are naturally very loyal to Tu Ying. Now when they heard that the clone of the Dragon King was here to deal with Tu Ying, how could they not be surprised, because this meant Now, the Dragon King is going to deal with the swordfish clan.

The most important thing is that everyone also thought about a deeper level, that is, now that Tu Ying has appeared, but the Dragon King's clone has disappeared, does that mean that Tu Ying has destroyed the Dragon King's clone? Tu Ying Destroying the Dragon King's clone means that he has formed an eternal feud with the Dragon King, and if the Dragon King fails, he will deal with the entire swordfish clan. In that case, they will really be finished.

Looking at the faces of everyone, Tu Ying couldn't help but feel a chill on his face. He snorted coldly and said, "Okay, don't make any noise." Upon hearing what Tu Ying said, the elders of the Swordfish clan all became more honest. Everyone looked at Tu Ying, waiting for his next words to see what Tu Ying would say next.

Tu Ying glanced at everyone, and then said: "There are some things that you all don't know, that's why you reacted like this. In fact, Jin Bo and I went out to meet a person, this I think everyone has heard of him. He is Lord Jiuling. This jade slip contains the meeting between me and Lord Jiuling, and also everything after the meeting with the Dragon King's clone. I will let you take a look today. I think After reading it, everyone will understand everything." After saying that, Tu Ying took out a jade slip, glanced at everyone, and then directly injected a trace of spiritual energy into the jade slip.

With the input of spiritual energy, Tu Ying's appearance immediately appeared in the jade slips, and Tu Ying was talking to Jiuling Lao. This aroused the interest of the elders, and they immediately looked attentively. They also I really want to know what is going on outside.

Then they saw how the Dragon King appeared, heard Tu Ying questioning Tu Xiong, heard Tu Ying tell the cause of Tu Jiu's death, saw Tu Ying taking out his shield, until Zhao Hai appeared, Zhao Hai After talking to the Dragon King, in the end Zhao Hai took action and eliminated the Dragon King. Everything was clearly displayed in front of everyone.

After waiting until the projection was finished, Tu Ying put away the jade slips. He glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Now I think everyone knows why the Dragon King wants to deal with us. Now I can be sure that we The death of Tu Jiu, the former sect leader, must be related to the Dragon King, and the Dragon King is no longer the Dragon King before, he has now become a monster controlled by others."

The elders of the Swordfish clan did not speak for a long time. They were really shocked by this sudden news. They never thought that the death of their former clan leader was actually related to the Dragon King, and the Dragon King actually wanted to To control Tu Ying, and more importantly, the Dragon King actually roped in people from their swordfish clan to spy on Tu Ying. Moreover, the Dragon King was still controlled by others. Old Jiu Ling was simply wronged before. All of this, unexpectedly They felt very angry that it would be like this, because they felt that they had been deceived and deceived by the Dragon King. The Dragon King was basically the life and death enemy of their clan!