c7592 transfer

A blue light flashed, and a group of people appeared in a big city. It was said to be a big city, but in fact it was a huge coral reef. This coral reef was very huge. Under the coral reef, countless people dug out With the big hole, a large area of ​​​​empty space was cleared, and this place became a big city.

Among the people who appeared here, except for one octopus, all the others were swordfish. The two leading people, one was the gentleman Tu Jinbo, and the other was the octopus. Naturally, it was Bafang. Bafang looked at it He glanced around and then said in a deep voice: "I have heard of Sailfish's Coral City before, but I have never had the chance to come, but I never thought that I would have the opportunity now. Your city is not small."

Tu Jinbo stood beside Bafang, glanced around, smiled bitterly and said: "Yes, this is our swordfish family's hard work for countless years. Now we are about to give up here. To be honest, I really I can't bear it." When he said this, his eyes were full of sadness.

Bafang patted Tu Jinbo on the shoulder and said: "Old Tu, don't worry, I won't harm you. If you join the Blood Killing Sect, you will know the benefits of the Blood Killing Sect. Now is not the time to talk about this. , everyone, please inform the people in the city as soon as possible, we must leave here as quickly as possible, otherwise it will be very dangerous, you go to the city to inform people, I will set up a magic circle here."

Everyone responded, and then Tu Jinbo and the others turned around and left. However, Bafang directly sent the coordinates here to Sun Buyu and the others. He knew very well that with his own level of arranging magic circles, he could use his own external incarnation to , it is okay to build a small teleportation array that can be used by a hundred people, but it is almost impossible to build a large teleportation array that can be used by ten thousand people. This matter still depends on the specialized array masters in the sect. Just fine.

He had just sent the coordinates to the Blood Killing Sect, and the next moment he felt a large number of people suddenly appeared around him. From all directions, he saw that these people were the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and they were the disciples who specially arranged the magic circle. As soon as these disciples appeared, they immediately saluted Bafang and said, "I have met the elder Bafang."

Bafang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Immediately set up a magic circle here. Based on the area here, arrange as large a magic circle as possible. The location on the other side will be in Pearl City on the Xuanwu Sea. There, the speed must be fast." The disciples responded, and then immediately started moving. One of the disciples was seen constantly calculating there, directing the other disciples to place the iron balls on the ground one by one. At the various positions, within a short time, the area was already filled with iron balls. Seeing this, Bafang couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. At the same time, he also became more interested in the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle. He was impressed. He really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle technique would be so powerful.

At this time, Tu Jinbo had already led a large number of people from the Sailfish clan to arrive here. As soon as they arrived at this place, they saw the iron balls on the ground and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, all of whom Was stunned. Bafang also came forward at this time, and then said: "Old Tu, these are all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They are here today to set up the teleportation array. You will be sent directly to the Pearl City in the Xuanwu Sea. , after you get there, Bazu and the others will arrange for you. Don’t worry about anything. Let everyone who is preparing to transfer arrive in this area immediately. Everyone should be as close as possible, so that more people can go. It will also be faster.”

Tu Jinbo responded, and he immediately turned to the other members of the Sailfish clan and said loudly: "Everyone, come to the square quickly. Hurry. Take care of the children and take care of the elderly. Hurry." The Sailfish clan is a big clan. They There can be no children or elderly people in this clan. Naturally, these people need to be transferred, so that's why.

Tu Jinbo's reputation in the banner is still very high, and he came back with so many elders this time, plus there were orders from the clan leader, so even though the people of the Sailfish clan don't know what happened It was a big deal, but they still obeyed the order and walked to the square.

After they all went to the square, Bafang and the disciples of the Caixue Sect withdrew from the square, and Tu Jinbo also withdrew from the square. Bafang glanced at Tu Jinbo and said in a deep voice: "Old Tu, won’t you follow? When you get there, you can communicate well with Bazu. With you here, they won’t panic when they get there.”

But Tu Jinbo shook his head and said: "No, there is a leader among these people. Just let him talk to Ba Zu over there. I have already explained to him, and you can't do without me here now." When Bafang heard what he said, he didn't say anything, and then nodded directly to the other magic circle disciples. Those magic circle disciples immediately activated the magic circle. This time, there was no light flashing, and the magic circle The people inside simply disappeared.

Bafang watched those people disappear, then turned to Tu Jinbo and said: "Old Tu, go tell the others and ask them to call them all over as soon as possible. The response from the Dragon King should also be very quick. I don't know what they are doing." When will he come to kill you? If you wait for him to kill you, it will be too late. Go quickly."

Tu Jinbo nodded. He also knew that the Dragon King's character was like this. Tu Ying and the others had completely betrayed the Dragon King before. The Dragon King would never let go of their swordfish clan, so he would definitely take action. By that time , I was afraid it would be too late, so Tu Jinbo didn’t say anything and immediately helped organize the tribesmen.

Soon, large numbers of people from the Sailfish Clan entered the square and were moved away by the teleportation array. The area of ​​this teleportation array was very large. Although the people from the Sailfish Clan were also very large, they The teleportation array can still transport thousands of people at a time, so the speed is very fast.

Time passed little by little. Just after Bafang and the others teleported millions of people, Tu Jinbo came to Bafang with an ugly face and said to Bafang: "Old man, something happened. There are lobsters outside. The army is coming to us, and the number is very large, tens of millions."

Bafang was stunned for a moment, then his expression changed, and then he said in a deep voice: "Are they all lobster army? The lobster army does not move very fast. How long will it take for them to get to us?" This lobster family, It is also a very famous race in the sea. Even if their clan is not considered a strong warrior race, it is still a race that no one wants to provoke in the sea, because there are so many of this race, and if they really fight, then They are really brave and not afraid of death. They are a famous idiot race in the sea. It is precisely because of this that no one wants to provoke this race.

Tu Jinbo said in a deep voice: "They are all an army of lobsters, with a number of no less than 50 million. Although their speed is not very fast, they can still reach us in about an hour, and we still have quite a few here. If we want to move everyone away, it will take at least about five hours. In other words, we have to be here to block the lobster army for at least four hours, otherwise, it will be really dangerous."

Hearing what Tu Jinbo said, Bafang's expression couldn't help but change. He thought for a moment, then turned to a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect next to him and said, "Can you set up a magic circle outside this Coral City to block How long will it take for those guys? I will ask the sect for rescue and ask the sect to send reinforcements immediately."

The disciple smiled slightly and said: "Elder Bafang, please don't worry, we will arrange it right away. If those lobster army don't know much about the magic circle, I guarantee that even if they are given a few days, they will not be able to do it." Entering the city." After saying that, he turned to the people around him and said: "Quickly, gather half of the people and follow me outside to set up the formation, and the rest will move the swordfish people here." The one responded and immediately went to deliver the order, and then both of them left.

Watching the two people leave, Bafang was still a little uneasy. He immediately connected to Sun Buyu's communication circle. Soon Sun Buyu's circle was connected. Bafang didn't wait for Sun Buyu to speak, and immediately spoke to Sun Buyu. Bu Yu said: "Elder Sun, I am Bafang. We are now in the Coral City of the Sailfish Clan. Now a large army of lobsters has appeared outside the Coral City. The fighting power of these guys is very strong. Their number is no less than 50 million. There is one We'll be here in Coral City in about two hours, and we'll need five hours at the fastest to move everyone away, so please send someone to support immediately."

Sun Buyu's voice came from the magic circle: "Okay, I'll send someone over right away, don't worry." After saying that, he hung up the communication magic circle. Bafang also let out a sigh of relief, and then turned to face the station. Tu Jinbo who was on the side said: "Don't worry, Elder Sun said that someone will be sent here soon. He is the frontline commander and can mobilize the entire Blood Killing Sect's army. You don't have to worry."

Although Tu Jinbo nodded, his eyes were still full of worry. This was a matter related to the life of his family, and he did not dare to take it lightly. However, all directions had already asked for help, and he could not say anything. He turned around He went to arrange people. He was going to arm all the remaining people in the clan and prepare them to fight at any time. Of course, the old people and children had to be sent away first, then the women, and finally they were the warriors.

Bafang is also very anxious now. Although Sun Buyu said that he would send reinforcements to them, Bafang is very clear that even if Sun Buyu wants to send people, it will take a certain amount of time, and he does not know how many people will be sent at one time. If With fewer people coming, I'm afraid they really won't be able to stop the attack of the lobster army.

At this moment, a sudden communication was received on his magic circle. Bafang was stunned for a moment. Then he immediately connected the communication and heard a very calm voice coming from the communication: "Long Ying, Captain of the Puppet Cavalry Team." , reported to the Bafang elders that we have arrived outside Coral City and are ready to join the battle at any time, please rest assured Bafang elders."

When Bafang heard what the other party said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help being overjoyed and immediately said: "Where are you now? Are you more specific?" Bafang really didn't expect that the reinforcements would come so quickly. , and the puppet cavalry came.