c7599 Intend

In the past, Elder Jiuling was not very worried about the situation of the Turtle Clan. In his opinion, the Turtle Clan was a big clan in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. A race like the Turtle Clan was actually very powerful. Even if he died, After all, the people of the Turtle Clan would not be too implicated, but now he realized that he was wrong. He never thought that the Dragon King would be so cruel and would even exile the Turtle Clan to the Dark Trench. It's too much.

When he thought of this, Mr. Jiuling couldn't sit still. He immediately said to Bafang: "No, I can't wait any longer. I must go to the Dark Trench to have a look now. I really didn't expect that the Dragon King would actually He did such a great job, if there is a chance in the future, I will definitely not let him go."

Bafang looked at Old Jiuling and didn't know what to say. The people of the Hai tribe still took race very seriously, so it was quite normal for Old Jiuling to have such a reaction when he heard about the current situation of the Turtle tribe. Yes, so it is normal for him to react like this now.

Jiuling Lao followed Bafang directly to the frontline headquarters. Sun Buyu and the others were still there. When he saw the two people coming, Jiulinglao's face was not very good. Sun Buyu couldn't help but feel a little puzzled. He said to Elder Jiuling: "Elder Jiuling, what's wrong with you? Why don't you look so good? But someone made you angry?"

Old Jiuling shook his head, and then said in a deep voice: "Elder Sun, I just heard from Bafang that my people were implicated by me before and were exiled by the Dragon King to the Huan Dark Trench here. The environment there is very... It’s not conducive to the life of our turtle tribe, so I want to go there and have a look.”

When Bafang heard what Jiu Ling said, he couldn't help but look at Jiu Ling with some confusion and said: "Dark Trench? The trench you are talking about must not be shallow, right? How can there be such a place here? This is the Buddhist great master. A space created by refining, and the ground here is almost all pure land, all flat, how can there be a trench?"

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what Sun Buyu said, they were all stunned, and then they looked at Sun Buyu with some confusion. As soon as Sun Buyu saw their faces, he knew what they were thinking. He said: "This is because this is an inner space refined by a Buddhist power, and in this inner space, all the soil here should be pure land." That's right, so the ground here is generally flat. Only the Asura Realm is different. But the Asura Realm is a special situation, and there is no place too deep there. Generally, it is There are trees growing on the mountains, so the trench you mentioned really puzzles me. Ordinarily, such terrain shouldn’t appear here.”

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what he said, they understood what he meant. Bafang shook his head and said: "I don't know why, but since the beginning of our Shenlong Sea Kingdom, there has been this trench. The trench is very famous. There is no light there, and the water is very cold. Very few sea people go there. Only some small fish live there, and there is nothing else. So the Dragon King asked the turtle people to go to the dark place. Living in the trench is definitely a kind of exile. It can even be said that he wants to kill the turtle clan and destroy their clan."

Elder Jiuling's face became even more ugly. Sun Buyu looked at Elder Jiuling's appearance, nodded and said: "I understand, how the trench was formed, we can discuss this later, Elder Jiuling, do you want to go back?" Seeing that my clan members have no objections, you can set off now. If you need anything, you can contact the sect at any time. You are now the core elder of the sect, and the sect will do its best to help you. Don’t worry."

Upon hearing what he said, Old Jiuling's face became a little brighter. He cupped his fist at Sun Buyu and said, "Thank you, Elder Sun. Please rest assured, Elder Sun. We are not just going to see my people, we also want to We need to conduct reconnaissance to see who the enemy we are going to face next is. If possible, we also want to persuade all those people to surrender. Elder Sun, please rest assured that we will not miss the sect. It’s nothing.”

Sun Buyu waved his hand and said: "There is no need for this. If you want to see your tribe, just go. Our Blood Killing Sect has always been people-oriented. If you want to see your tribe, just go. , As for what kind of enemies we will encounter, or about watching the surrender, you don't have to worry about it. When we encounter the enemy, it's okay if they surrender, but if they don't, we won't be polite. "

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what Sun Buyu said, they understood what Sun Buyu meant. They also knew that Sun Buyu and the others were not very concerned about persuading them to surrender. If the people of the Hai Clan did not surrender, , they don’t mind killing people, but this is what they least want to see, but they have no way to stop it now, because they know very well that if they stop it, it will be equivalent to openly protecting the Hai people. It would not be of any benefit to them. Otherwise, it would arouse Sun Buyu's suspicion, so neither of them said anything. They just agreed. They had also made up their minds. If they could really meet people from the Hai tribe, they would definitely do it. We need to persuade those Hai clan people to surrender, otherwise the Blood Killing Sect will really go on a killing spree.

They had no doubt at all about the method of killing the blood sect. The death of those lobster armies in Coral City had already made everyone see this. Those lobster armies numbered tens of millions, but so what? Those members of the Lobster Army died in front of Long Ying and the others. Long Ying and the others didn't even blink. Their complete disregard for life had already let Bafang and the others know that the Blood Killing Sect was absolutely not afraid of killing people. Yes, there won't be any talk of mercy. If they really get aggressive, then the Sea Clan will really be doomed.

The two left the radar ship and swam straight to the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. As they swam forward, Old Jiuling said: "It is necessary to see the situation of the Turtle Clan, but similarly, the Sea Clan must also Save, I may have been in the Blood Killing Sect a little longer than you, and I still have time to understand the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, so I know there are more things than you. In the Blood Killing Sect Here, no one is afraid of fighting, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attach great importance to military merit. Military merit can be exchanged for contribution points, and with contribution points, you have everything in the Blood Killing Sect. With contribution points, you can ask anyone in the sect to give you guidance on your cultivation. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very interested in contribution points, and military merit is the easiest way to get contribution points. "

He paused for a moment, then said: "It is precisely because of this that none of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are afraid of fighting. They are all eager to fight, but since entering the Dragon Realm, they have not been able to participate in the fighting for a long time. But it is very few. This is not a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect should be very eager to fight. It is precisely because of this that Elder Sun said that, then It’s not that he is pretending, but because he really thinks so, he really doesn’t care if we can persuade those Hai Clan people to surrender, maybe he doesn’t even hope that we can persuade those Hai Clan people to surrender.”

Bafang was not completely ignorant of the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, so when he heard what Jiuling Lao said, he nodded and said: "Maybe this is true, I have heard the disciples in the sect say before, Contribution points are very important to the sect, and military merit can not only be exchanged for contribution points, but also get a lot of good things, so it is understandable that they are eager to fight. Sir, what you are saying is that we must persuade more to surrender. There are too many people from the Sea Tribe, otherwise, many people from our Sea Tribe will definitely die, right? Will the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect turn those Sea Tribe people into their military exploits?"

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect won't mind turning the Hai Clan people into their military exploits. They are also capable of doing this, so we can persuade the Hai Clan people to surrender as much as we can." Try to persuade them to surrender as much as possible, at least we can give more sea people a way to survive." At this point, Old Jiuling couldn't help but sigh.

When Bafang saw Jiuling Lao's appearance, he didn't know what to say. In the end, he could only sigh softly. He knew that they could only achieve this level now, and there was no other way. , so both of them felt a little heavy, and they didn't say anything anymore, but just swam forward slowly.

Both of them are from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Of course, they both know where the Dark Trench is. The direction they are currently heading is the direction of the Dark Trench. While swimming forward, the two of them looked at the surrounding situation for a while. Ling Lao then sighed: "There are really too few fish in the sea now. Although a large part of these fish are not intelligent, there were many more fish in the sea than now. There are really no To think that this war has affected this place so quickly."

Bafang shook his head and said: "This should not have much to do with this war. Sir, you may not know that since you are no longer the prime minister, the Shenlonghai Kingdom has been different from before. Because the sea snake clan, With the rise of the lobster clan, the crab clan, and the mantis shrimp clan, the fish here in Shenlong Sea Kingdom are in great trouble. These races are all races with large appetites, and with the large number of people, they are all Meat eaters, so under their large-scale hunting, the number of ordinary fish in the sea has decreased a lot. In my opinion, even if the people from the Blood Killing Sect don't show up, it won't take long for Shenlong Haiguo to be here. There will be famine, and there will be races that will not have enough to eat.”

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately turned to Bafang and said, "Is it really this serious? Didn't all the races in the sea live very well in the past? Why did this happen? Situation?" Elder Jiu Ling really couldn't figure out why this situation occurred. There used to be a lot of people in the Sea Clan, but there was never such a thing as famine. This is really weird.

Bafang smiled bitterly and said: "It's true, the situation is already very serious. In fact, our blue-light octopus family has chosen a place around Pearl City and is ready to start feeding those sea fish. We are afraid that we will encounter them in the future. to famine.”