c7591 persuade

The people of the swordfish clan actually have very straight tempers. Most of the races in the sea are like this. For them, an enemy is an enemy, and if they are enemies, they will fight to the end. They didn't know those things before, and they always They thought the Dragon King was the orthodox one, but now they don't think so. A clan leader has already died in the hands of the Dragon King, and he also wanted to assassinate Tu Ying. This is something the Sailfish clan cannot bear no matter what.

Tu Ying looked at everyone and couldn't help but secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Although he was the leader of the Sailfish Clan, these elders were also very prestigious among the Sailfish Clan, so no matter what happened to the Fish Clan, Things cannot be decided by him alone. The decision must be made after discussing with the elders of the clan. If these elders really do not agree to join the Blood Killing Clan, then he even wants the Sailfish Clan to join. Killing the sect with blood is almost impossible.

But now it's better. Now these elders in the clan all hate the Dragon King, and they have a common enemy with the Blood Killing Sect, so they said: "In the current situation, everyone You already know it, so I won’t say anything more. You should have heard what Master Jiuling said to Bafang before. They came to us this time to ask us to join the Blood Killing Sect. You should also We know that the Blood Killing Sect is powerful and has always wanted to unify the eight realms of Tianlong. So no matter whether we join the Blood Killing Sect or not, they will definitely destroy the Dragon Realm. By then, even if we don’t want to fight with If they are enemies, they will also join the Blood Killing Sect. If we had joined the Blood Killing Sect at that time, we would have been passive. It is better to join the Blood Killing Sect actively now, and the situation may be better."

At this time, Tu Jinbo also spoke: "Everyone has seen before that the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai, took action. With one move, just one move, the clone of the Dragon King was destroyed. How strong is he? I I think everyone should know that if they really want to deal with us, if they don't need anything else, I'm afraid Sect Leader Zhao Hai can destroy us all by himself, right? What I mean is, let's join the Blood Killing Sect now, In this way, not only will we have a master who is stronger than the Dragon King to protect us, but our status in the Blood Killing Sect will not be low in the future. Isn't this better? If we are really enemies of the Blood Killing Sect, we will only be defeated in the end. If the Blood Killing Sect is destroyed, then the inheritance of our Swordfish clan may be cut off. I am not afraid of everyone’s laughter. I met Bafang before the clan leader. Bafang led me into the Xuanwu Space of the Blood Killing Sect to see Looking at it, the Xuanwu Space is really too big, much bigger than we imagined. They also have the Sea Clan there, and the Blue Light Octopus Clan has also joined the Blood Killing Sect. If we join the Blood Killing Sect now, That is only good for us, not bad, I hope everyone can think about it carefully."

Everyone was stunned when they heard Tu Jinbo speak. Then they immediately understood that Tu Ying's meeting with Bafang and Jiuling Lao was the result of Tu Jinbo's involvement. This was no wonder. They also remembered that Tu Ying had met with Bafang and Jiuling Lao. Ying didn't seem to have any friendship with Bafang and Jiuling Lao, so how could they meet secretly outside.

Tu Ying said: "Jinbo met the Bafang Clan leader when he was traveling, and the Bafang Clan leader saved his life. This time, the Bafang Clan Leader and Lord Jiuling want to persuade us, the Sailfish Clan, to join the Blood Killing Sect. Yes, so the Bafang Clan Chief first found Jin Bo, and Jin Bo was afraid that the Bafang Clan Chief would lie to him, so he directly asked the Bafang Clan Chief to take him to the Blood Sample Sect. Only then did he see all the countries in the Blood Killing Sect, and then Come back to me."

Having said this, Tu Ying paused for a moment, then glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I won't say any more. My opinion is that our Sailfish clan will join the Blood Killing Sect from now on. Let’s seek revenge from the Dragon King together. If anyone disagrees, just speak out directly. We, the swordfish clan, will not let others speak.”

At that moment, an elder in the Sailfish clan said: "Clan leader, I just want to know what kind of status we will have if we join the Blood Killing Sect. This point is very critical, and it affects our Sailfish clan. The future of the clan." This elder was obviously a very pragmatic person, and what he came up to ask was the most important question.

Upon hearing what he said, Tu Ying said: "Zhao Hai Sect Leader said it himself, if we, the Sailfish Clan members, join Blood Killing, we will immediately have the status of ordinary disciples, and we elders and clan leaders will also join us. According to our strength, it is already very good to give us corresponding identities. If we ask for too much, they may not agree. Don’t forget the number of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. With so many of their disciples, ordinary people The number of disciples is not very large, there are still many die-hards, servants, peripheral disciples, outer disciples, etc. It can be said that the status of ordinary disciples in the Blood Killing Sect is not low."

When the elder heard what Tu Ying said, he also nodded. He also knew very well that their joining the Blood Killing Sect might be a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect, and it was even better for them. If they don't join the Blood Killing Sect, there won't be much loss to the Blood Killing Sect. The worst they can do is kill you, but for them, it's a matter of life and death, so that's why he asked that question.

And now the leader of the Blood Killing Sect has personally said that he will give them the status of ordinary disciples. This is naturally a good thing for them. It is already very good to give them the status of ordinary disciples. What else can you expect from others? , gave him a lot of care, so the elder was actually very satisfied with the answer from the Blood Killing Sect.

The other party said without coming up, I will definitely give you a high status and how much preferential treatment I will give you. This just shows the other party's sincerity. You must know that there are many people in the swordfish family. If the other party says, I will give you He would not believe the treatment given to all of them as core disciples and the treatment given to them as supreme elders. In his opinion, it was impossible for a sect to have so many core disciples.

The other elders have nothing to ask. Now that the facts are here, they have forged an undying feud with the Dragon King. If they don't join the Blood Killing Sect at this time, they will have to face prison at the same time. To be honest, they really had no confidence that they could save their lives in the hands of the two great enemies, the Blood Killing Sect and the Dragon King.

Tu Ying glanced at the other elders and saw that none of them said anything. He nodded and said, "If you don't have any objections, then this matter is settled. From today on, we will join the Blood Killing Sect." , I will ask Jin Bo to invite Master Jiuling and the Bafang Clan Chief, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded. They also knew that the matter had become a foregone conclusion by now. Naturally, there was no reason to disagree. Everyone else also nodded. Then Tu Ying turned to Tu Jinbo and said: "Jinbo, go ahead and invite Master Jiuling and the Bafang Clan Chiefs. We need to discuss this matter carefully."

Tu Jinbo nodded, responded, and then turned around and left. After Tu Jinbo left, Tu Ying said to the other elders: "After we meet with Master Jiuling and the Bafang Clan Chief, we will send someone back immediately. Go to our clan and transfer the people in the clan as soon as possible. The Dragon King will find that there is no way to deal with us and may attack our clan members."

When everyone heard what he said, they were all shocked, but then they nodded repeatedly. This matter was indeed very important. If Elder Jiuling really attacked their clansmen, their losses would not be small. We know that there are many members of the swordfish clan, but only a small part of them are here this time.

At this time, Jiuling Lao and Bafang had also arrived in the Sailfish Clan's army. Tu Ying led the elders of the Sailfish Clan to greet Jiuling Lao and Bafang. They had not told the news to the people below yet. The tribesmen, but they believed that the tribesmen would not object. After all, these people, with their reputation in the tribe over the years, those tribesmen would not disbelieve them, so they did not say anything.

After Jiuling Lao and Bafang met with the members of the Sailfish Clan, Tu Ying said to Mr. Jiuling: "Lord Jiuling, our Sailfish Clan has decided that starting from today, the Sailfish Clan will join the Blood Killing Sect. , I would like to ask you two to take good care of me in the future." Tu Ying also spoke very pragmatically, without saying any polite words, and went straight to the point.

Upon hearing what he said, Elder Jiuling and Bafang were both overjoyed. They both cheered loudly at the same time. Elder Jiuling even said: "Okay, great. On behalf of the Blood Killing Sect, I welcome everyone to join, but now This is not the time to be polite to you. The clone of the Dragon King has appeared before, which means that the Dragon King already knows about this matter. He is very likely to attack the members of the swordfish clan. The most important thing for us now is to get the flag first. The members of the Fish Clan were taken to a safe place."

When Tu Ying and the others heard what Jiu Ling said, they couldn't help but feel warm in their hearts. At this time, the first thing Jiu Ling thought of was their clansmen. How could they not be moved? Tu Ying immediately said: "Thank you Jiu Ling." Lord Ling is concerned, we are also discussing this matter, and are preparing to send people back to the clan to bring our clansmen to a safe place."

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "How long will it take for your clan to be without a teleportation array, right? Send us the coordinates of the teleportation array and ask Bafang to bring a few elders to your clan and send your people to your clan. All of them will be taken to the Xuanwu Space, and the remaining people will follow me directly into the Xuanwu Space from here, what do you think?"

When Tu Ying heard what Jiuling Lao said, he nodded repeatedly and said: "Of course that's good, but now we don't have a teleportation array. How can we use the teleportation array to go directly to our clan? In fact, our original idea was also, First fight to a small town with a teleportation array nearby, and then take the teleportation array back to the clan from there, so now we can take action."

Old Jiuling waved his hand and said: "Don't bother, we carry the teleportation array with us. Chief Tu Ying, you can choose someone. The ancestors and the Bafang elders will go back to your tribe directly. Your tribe leader is best You can listen to him and leave with him, otherwise it will be very troublesome just to explain."