c7593 reinforcements

Although Bafang joined the Blood Killing Sect for a short time, he also knew about the existence of cavalry and that the cavalry of the Blood Killing Sect were definitely the elite of the Blood Killing Sect. If nothing else, Sun Buyu was the captain of the cavalry team. He was in charge of all the cavalry, but now he was directly transferred to the frontline commander. From this, we can see how powerful this cavalry team is.

The reinforcements coming this time are puppet cavalry. Puppet cavalry is a very special existence in the Blood Killing Sect. Their number is actually not fixed. Historically, the mounts of these puppet cavalry were all puppets, but since After having an external incarnation, this kind of puppet mount is no longer so stable. Theoretically, every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect can become a cavalry. However, ordinary disciples have not received cavalry training, so they become The cavalry, for them, is of little benefit.

But later Zhao Hai came up with a way, which is to let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect undergo rotation training. The so-called rotation training means that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can take turns and receive training from the puppet cavalry in batches. So now In the Blood Killing Sect, if they really want to organize a puppet cavalry army, they can even create a puppet cavalry army worth billions. However, the number of the puppet cavalry army's own troops has never changed. Only about a million people.

Bafang didn't know how many puppet cavalry came this time, but even if there were only a million puppet cavalry, it was a force that should not be underestimated, so he immediately asked where the other party was. He had to see this with his own eyes. Only the army will see how many people they come this time, and then we can decide what kind of tasks to give them.

Long Ying is the captain of the puppet cavalry army. As soon as Long Ying heard Bafang's question, he immediately said to Bafang: "As far as Elder Jia is concerned, our army is to the west of Coral City." Bafang wasn't talking nonsense, he immediately said He swam to a swordfish and said to it, "Where is Elder Tu Jinbo?"

When the swordfish heard Long Ying's question, he immediately said: "The elder is organizing people in the city to rush here. I just saw him." This swordfish seemed to be only about five meters long and was not fully grown yet. As an adult, he is considered a half-grown child, but he is already sensible, so his speech is still very organized.

Bafang nodded and said: "Take me to find Tu Jinbo right away." He had to find Tu Jinbo as soon as possible to reassure Tu Jinbo. He knew that the one who was most worried about the situation here was Tu Jinbo. , so he had to let Tu Jinbo see their reinforcements arriving as soon as possible, so that Tu Jinbo would feel relieved.

The boy from the swordfish clan responded, and immediately led Bafang to swim towards Coral City. Coral City is actually a cave, and these caves are equivalent to the streets of Coral City. The swordfish led Bafang in those I wandered around in the cave, and soon I saw Tu Jinbo on a street. Tu Jinbo was commanding the people of the Sailfish Clan, and some of the Sea Clan who had taken refuge with the Sailfish Clan, and rushed to the square as quickly as possible. There.

As soon as he saw Tu Jinbo, Bafang swam over immediately. He said to Tu Jinbo: "Old Tu, follow me. Let's go to the west of the city. The sect's reinforcements are coming." When Tu Jinbo heard what Bafang said, He couldn't help but be overjoyed. He had been worried about this matter. Now when he heard from Bafang that reinforcements were coming, how could he be unhappy? He immediately sent the young man away and led Bafang to swim towards the west of the city.

The two of them swam for about a quarter of an hour before they emerged from a passage. As soon as they emerged, both of them were stunned. The reason was that in front of them, there was a blood cavalry standing quietly. The army, this cavalry army, all rode tall war horses. The height of these war horses was about five meters. Each war horse had six legs. The whole body of these war horses was shining with silver light, and they stood there motionless. It's like a statue made of metal.

And those cavalry were all covered in heavy armor, and they all held spears in their hands. The spears were very long, and you could tell at a glance that they were all heavy weapons. The heavy armor on their bodies almost covered them. An iron jar, they were also motionless, and seemed to be growing together with the war horses, as if they were not living people at all, but statues made of metal.

Just when the two were in a daze, a horse neighed. They turned around and saw a war horse running straight towards them. This war horse was more than six meters tall and had eight legs. The knight was dressed exactly the same as the others. The cavalryman ran in front of Bafang and Tu Jinbo, saluted Bafang and Tu Jinben and said, "I have met the elder Bafang, Long Ying is polite." His salute was very weird. , just used the hand that was not holding the spear to lightly hammer his breastplate, which was regarded as a salute. This was indeed very strange.

Bafang quickly saluted him and said: "Captain Longying, I wonder how many of you are here this time? Does Elder Sun have any orders?" Although Bafang is the head of the clan and an elder in the Blood Killing Sect, he I don't know much about the Blood Killing Sect's battle formation techniques, and I don't dare to give orders easily, so I ask this question.

Long Ying said solemnly: "Replying to the elder, this time the main force of our puppet cavalry, one million strong, has all arrived. Elder Sun's order to us is that we take the initiative to attack, hold back the lobster army, and buy time for everyone. ." Long Ying's answer was precise, but he answered all Bafang's questions.

When Bafang heard what Long Ying said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately said: "Captain Long Ying, I have ordered people to set up magic circles around the Coral City, which should be able to block their attack. You don't need to To attack, you just need to block their attack.”

Long Ying was stunned for a moment, and then he understood what Bafang meant. He said in a deep voice: "Elder Bafang wants us to cooperate with the magic circle to block the attack of the lobster army? But is that so?" Long Ying really didn't expect that. Bafang's reaction was so fast, and he directly had people set up magic circles around them. This was really beyond his expectation.

Bafang nodded and said: "That's what you mean, Captain Longying. What do you think?" Although Bafang is an elder, Longying's status is not low, and he has just joined the Blood Killing Sect. Now he has no idea about commanding Longying. He still felt a little guilty about the shadow thing, so he just wanted to fight the safest way possible.

Long Ying pondered for a moment, then said: "Elder Bafang, although we can rely on magic formations to defend Coral City, if there are too many enemies or they are not affected by the magic formation, it will still be very dangerous. I What I mean is that the magic circle is still arranged, but we take the initiative to attack them, harass them, and slow down their marching speed. After all the swordfish people have moved away, we will return to Coral City. Use the magic circle here to take care of the lobster army. When the time comes, we have this city, we can advance and attack, retreat and defend. We can completely open up a second battlefield here. Even if it doesn't work, we can still give up. There is no loss here, but as mentioned above, we must ensure that the people of the Sailfish Clan leave here smoothly, what do you think?"

When Bafang heard what he said, he was stunned. Then he thought about it, nodded and said, "This is a good idea, but I think it's better to tell Elder Sun about this matter." Bafang I also think Long Ying's method is very good, but this matter must be reported to Sun Buyu, otherwise, if something really happens, Sun Buyu may blame them. Bafang is not worried about himself, he is afraid If something really happened, and the people of the Blood Killing Sect were putting the blame on the Blue Light Octopus clan, that would be bad.

When Long Ying heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Okay, I will report this matter now. If the captain does not agree with this matter, then we will think of other ways." After that, He directly connected to Sun Buyu's communication circle. Sun Buyu immediately connected to his communication, and Long Ying directly told him his plan.

After Sun Buyu heard Long Ying's plan, he did not reply to him immediately. Instead, he turned to Jiang Shenglin and the others to discuss it. They all thought it was a good idea. Even if Coral City was not defended in the end, then It didn't matter, they didn't suffer too much loss, and they could also attract the enemy's attention, which was a good thing, so Sun Buyu and the others directly agreed to Long Ying's plan.

After Long Ying hung up the communication circle, he turned to Bafang and said: "Elder Bafang, the captain has agreed to my plan, then we will attack. We will delay outside as long as possible for your Transfer to buy more time, please feel free to transfer." After saying that, he saluted Bafang and Tu Jinbo, then turned around and ran back to the front of the cavalry brigade, and then the entire puppet cavalry army began to move forward. The speed is very fast, as if in the water, there is no resistance at all.

Watching Long Ying and the others leave, Tu Jinbo turned around and said to Bafang: "Old Ba, who are these guys? They are so murderous, and they are in the water, and they are still so fast. Their mounts Why doesn’t it look like a living thing? But it can move? What’s going on?”

Bafang smiled bitterly and said: "They are the Puppet Cavalry Brigade, one of the branches of the Blood Killing Sect Cavalry. The Blood Killing Sect has four of the most famous cavalry brigades. The strongest of them is the Alien Cavalry Brigade. The combat effectiveness of this brigade is the Blood Killing Sect." The leader of the sect's military, from its establishment to the present, it has been invincible, invincible, and extremely powerful. The current frontline commander of the Blood Killing Sect, Elder Sun Buyu, is the captain of the Alien Cavalry Brigade and the general captain of the Cavalry Brigade. "

"The second is the Necromancer Cavalry. This is a cavalry team composed of the Necromancer clan. It is also very powerful in combat. The third is the Orc Cavalry. This cavalry team is all composed of orcs. Their The mounts are also all kinds of strange, but they are all heavy armored cavalry with extremely powerful impact. The fourth is the puppet cavalry team. Their strength is also very powerful in the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this that they are in the Blood Killing Sect. The status in the killing sect is still very high."