c7596 Home

Sun Buyu looked at Long Ying, Bafang and Tu Jinbo standing in front of him, and said in a deep voice: "So, in Coral City, you wiped out an army of tens of millions of lobsters in one go? And you used... The most common phantom killing formation of our Blood Killing Sect?" Sun Buyu really couldn't believe what they said, because he really couldn't think of any race that would be so stupid that tens of millions would rush into a There was no room for so many people in the small town, but there was no reaction at all. The people in front rushed in and did not come out, but the people behind them rushed in again, until tens of millions of people rushed in, but no one suspected it. , is such a thing possible? Are there really such stupid races in this world?

Long Ying said solemnly: "Captain, that's what it is like. I saw this with my own eyes. Those lobsters seemed to have no brains at all, they would just rush forward until they all rushed into the phantom formation." We have recovered their corpses and are going to send some to the Shenlong Hall for them to study carefully. The rest will be given to the Alien Clan. I believe they will like it very much.

Sun Buyu couldn't help but touched his forehead, and then he said to Long Ying: "Then what are your plans? Has the phantom formation in Coral City not been withdrawn? Are you planning to establish a second battlefield, right?" Sun Buyu had heard before They said that he had already guessed Long Ying's plan before the phantom formation there was withdrawn.

Long Ying nodded and said: "I want to send a small number of people to garrison in Coral City to attract the enemy's attention. If we find that nothing can be done, we will retreat immediately. If the enemy does not send a large army, then we can do it there. It has attracted some of the enemy's attention, and when the army passes by, it will naturally become the territory where we have fought bloody battles."

Sun Buyu looked at Long Ying and sneered: "You want to be stationed there, right? What? Is it a long time since there has been no war, and your hands are itchy?" Sun Buyu knew his subordinates very well, the cavalry. Although the cavalry team is the most powerful army in the Blood Killing Sect, they are also the most militant. They are usually suppressed by themselves. The cavalry team does not do anything out of the ordinary, but now they are commanding the troops on the front line. Naturally, the people in the cavalry couldn't help it, and wanted to take a hand after this battle.

When Long Ying heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but said with embarrassment: "Captain, brothers are idle anyway, why not let them play drums for the army, what do you think?" Long Ying said to Sun Buyu , there is still some fear, because Sun Buyu is usually very strict with them, so they are also very afraid of Sun Buyu.

Sun Buyu glanced at him, snorted coldly and said: "Go away, if something goes wrong, see how I deal with you." When Long Ying heard what Sun Buyu said, he responded excitedly, and then turned around After leaving, he knew that if Sun Buyu agreed to his request, he could make arrangements.

After sending Long Ying away, Sun Buyu turned to Bafang and Tu Jinbo and said: "Elder Bafang, Elder Tu, and the Sailfish clan have made arrangements. You can go to Xuanwu Island now. In order to let Due to the living habits of the Sailfish Clan, the Sect Master also specially arranged a huge coral reef as the residence of the Sailfish Clan, which is similar to your original Coral City. If you want to see it, you can go now. Now we There is no war here."

Upon hearing what Sun Buyu said, Bafang and Tu Jinbo couldn't help but get excited. The two of them immediately responded, then saluted Sun Buyu directly, turned around and went directly to the Xuanwu Space, watching the two of them leave. Sun Buyu couldn't help but turned to Jiang Shenglin and the others and said, "I really didn't expect that the Swordfish Clan would surrender so quickly. Now our surrender troops here will include the Swordfish Clan and the Swordfish Clan. We will go out in the future." To persuade those Sea Tribe people to surrender, we can have four of them come forward at the same time. The more people there are, the greater the chance of persuading them to surrender. It seems that we may not have many chances to fight in the future."

Jiang Shenglin shook his head and said: "That's not necessarily the case. Like the crab clan before, the lobster clan we met this time, and the sea snake clan, it is difficult to watch the surrender. All of these are owned by the Dragon King. If these races do not surrender to us, as well as the whale race whose intentions are still unclear, we may still have to fight in the future."

Tang Yingyi said in a deep voice: "Not only that, I think that after these two incidents, the Dragon King will definitely be alert. If he really controls other races, he will definitely activate his full power now and destroy all other races. Under control, we will not give other races a chance to surrender. Even if they turn other races into puppets, they will not give us a chance. With the addition of the mantis shrimp clan, crab clan, and lobster clan, The number of races he can control will definitely not be small. It will only be more difficult to deal with him in the future.

Chen Chu nodded and said: "The Dragon King is affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's Law. He wants to control the entire Dragon Realm, and even affect the entire Dragon Realm here, so it is impossible for him to not act, like the Swordfish Clan The clan leader was killed by him, and then he directly arranged for a person to take over the position of clan leader, but the person he arranged was not very reliable, but if we had not appeared and given him some time, the Swordfish clan would have Will be completely controlled by him. The same is true for the leader of the swordfish clan. However, Tu Ying discovered something was wrong early and took precautions, so he did not succeed. However, other races may not be like this. In this way, especially for the Sea Serpent clan. The Sea Serpent clan is a race promoted by him. They must have been controlled by him a long time ago, so they will definitely be loyal to him. I am afraid the same is true for other races, so we will have to It will be even more difficult to deal with those fellow sea tribe members. The most important thing is that we still don’t know whether it is really as we thought. In order to take care of the feelings of Elder Jiuling and the others, when meeting those races , we must also send Elder Jiuling and others to persuade them to surrender, those guys may still play tricks in this regard, which is what I am most worried about."

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "It's very, very possible. What do you mean? Do you have any ideas? "Sun Buyu really agrees with what they said, because this possibility exists. After all, their enemies this time are different from the previous enemies. The previous enemies were more or less rigid, but this time The enemy will not be like this. They are more difficult to deal with, and they can also use tricks, so a situation like what Chen Chu is worried about is very likely to happen.

Chen Chu said in a deep voice: "There is no good way. Just stay the same to cope with the ever-changing situation. When encountering enemies, we should let Elder Jiuling and the others come in contact to see if they agree to join the Blood Killing Sect. Then let them join. When they enter the Xuanwu Space, I really don’t believe what tricks they can do. If they dare to mess around, it would be too much to deal with them in the Xuanwu Space. It’s easy. If they don’t agree, it’s even easier. Just deal with them.”

Sun Buyu nodded, and Chen Chu said: "Okay, that's settled. To be honest, the battle here in Dragon Realm is really meaningless. We haven't done anything. It seems to be half the area of ​​Dragon Realm. , it has already fallen into our hands, but we must not be careful to avoid any accidents."

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Yes, the battle here in Dragon Realm is really meaningless, but we can't take it lightly, and be careful in everything." Chen Chu and the others nodded, and then Sun Buyu made arrangements The army continues to move forward. They must continue to move forward. After all, there is no enemy in a large area in front of them. If they don't occupy that area, then they will really be sorry for themselves.

At this time, Bafang and Tu Jinbo had already entered the Xuanwu Sea. They first arrived at Pearl City and found that there were still many members of the Sailfish clan in Pearl City, but someone was arranging for them to go to the other side. Moving to one place, after all, Pearl City is so big, it is impossible to accommodate so many people.

Bafang saw Old Jiuling who was standing aside and looking at the Sailfish clan members. He and Tu Jinbo immediately went to greet him. The two of them saluted to Old Jiuling. Bafang said to Old Jiuling: "Sir, I heard that the sect master gave the Swordfish clan a coral city? Is it true?" Although Bafang almost believed this, he still wanted to ask. He was actually asking for Tu Jinbo, and Tu Jinbo He was from the Sailfish Tribe. He couldn't believe it until he saw the new Coral City, so Bafang confirmed it for him.

Jiuling Lao smiled and said, "It's true. I've gone to see it. It's bigger and more beautiful than the original Coral City of the Sailfish Clan. Now Tu Ying is organizing the people of the Sailfish Clan there to settle them down. I believe that the people of the Swordfish clan will live very well there in the future, and the environment there is even better than here in Pearl City."

Upon hearing what Mr. Jiuling said, Tu Jinbo couldn't help but cheer. Then he immediately saluted Mr. Jiuling and said, "Thank you, Mr. Jiuling. I want to go to Coral City now and have a look. I don't know if it's possible." ?" He really couldn't wait to visit the new Coral City. After all, Coral City was of great importance to the Sailfish clan.

The original Coral City was just a large coral reef. The ancestors of the swordfish family built the Coral City there bit by bit. They carved out a small building on the coral reef that could serve as a living space. The Coral City where the Sailfish lives is built, and this Coral City was built through the efforts of several generations of the Sailfish Clan. Therefore, the people of the Sailfish Clan are really very affectionate towards the Coral City. Now that Zhao Hai has given them another coral city, they are of course very happy. Although this coral city may require them to dig it out bit by bit, they are still happy because it means that they have a coral city. I have a place to stay and have my own home!