c7595 phantom array

"Chapter error, click here to report"

While the two were talking, the lobster army was almost a hundred miles outside Coral City, but the lobsters did not stop for a moment. Their eyes were blood red with anger, and they wanted to rush into Coral City. There were so many other things that could be thought of, such as killing, killing, etc. With their simple minds, they would never have thought that there would be any traps, so they rushed over without even stopping.

But just when they rushed into the land a hundred miles outside Coral City, they suddenly felt the silence around them. They looked around in confusion, only to find that there seemed to be no companions around, and they were the only ones there. , which shocked the lobsters. Then they looked forward and found that Coral City was not far away from them. The heads of those lobsters were really simple. They didn't think much and kept rushing forward. go.

But at this moment, they suddenly heard a sound beside them. They turned around and saw that a knight who had attacked them before was rushing towards them. The lobsters were shocked, but then they didn't They retreated and did not run away. Instead, they waved a pair of large claws and rushed over like the cavalry. Because they found that the height of those cavalry seemed to have become much smaller. Although they did not know why, they saw Those knights, what they want most is to kill them as quickly as possible, how can they still care so much.

Soon the two sides reached a point of fighting. In the end, some lobsters were killed, and some were killed by the knights. The victorious lobsters opened their teeth and claws one by one, as if they were very excited, but soon they found another one. The cavalry then rushed forward again, and the battle began again.

But what Bafang and Tu Jinbo saw was completely different from what Lobster saw. Bafang and Tu Jinbo saw that the lobsters began to attack each other when they entered the land outside Coral City. Many lobsters were killed by his companions. After killing those lobsters, the surviving lobsters rushed towards other lobsters as if they were crazy. In this situation, Bafang and Tu Jinbo They were all shocked.

After a while, Bafang finally took a breath and said: "The phantom formation must be a phantom formation. I just didn't expect that this phantom formation would be so powerful and could affect those lobsters in an instant. This is terrible. It really doesn't exist." I thought that the illusory formations set up by those boys would be so powerful.

Of course Tu Jinbo also knew what was going on. There was also a magic circle here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Although their magic circle technique was not very powerful, they did have a magic circle here, and of course there were illusions. Formation, but they had never thought that this illusory formation could be so powerful, which really surprised him.

Watching those lobsters continue to kill there, many lobsters have been killed now, but the remaining lobsters are still killing, and the lobsters behind, which have not yet entered the illusion array, seem to Even though they didn't see all this, they still poured into the phantom formation in a steady stream, and then killed each other. All of this made Bafang and Tu Jinbo feel cold all over.

Although they had always looked down upon the lobsters and thought that the lobster clan had no brains, the strength of the Blood Killing Sect's phantom formation was completely beyond his expectation. He never thought that the Blood Killing Sect's phantom formation would be so powerful. So powerful, they have now figured out that these illusion formations of the Blood Killing Sect must have two kinds of illusions. One is the people who enter the illusion array. The illusions among them should be seeing everything around them. Enemies, so they kill them.

But what the people outside the magic array saw was not like this. They might have seen the lobsters attacking the city, or had already entered the city. They did not see the lobsters killing each other, so they In this way, it is precisely because of this that the people of the lobster family rushed directly into the illusion formation.

One illusion formation has two completely different illusions. The ability of this illusion formation is very astonishing. Tu Jinbo and Bafang are not the kind of people who know nothing about magic formations, but they are also Because they know a lot about magic circles, they react like this, because they know how difficult it is to do this.

A magic circle can generally only be directed to the inside or to the outside. The general magic array is generally for the inside. There are not many magic arrays for the outside. Of course, there are some magic arrays for the outside, but Those phantom formations are not used to attack people. Such phantom formations usually turn into a stone or something else to block what they want to hide. However, such phantom formations are not effective internally. In fact, it has no lethality.

It can be said that the internal phantom array and the external phantom array are actually two different things. It is precisely because of this that it is very difficult to combine these two phantom arrays to create two different illusions. Difficult, at least they have never heard of such a phantom formation.

Watching those lobsters rush into the phantom formation, and then be confused by the phantom formation, and then attack the companions around him crazily, killing his companions, or being killed by his companions, Bafang and Tu Jinbo felt chills in their hearts. This illusion formation was really terrifying.

At this time, a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect walked up to Bafang, saluted Bafang and said: "Elder Bafang, please call a group of cavalry out and ask them to clean up the battlefield. The battlefield must be cleaned up, otherwise It may affect the effectiveness of the magic circle. Our ability to host the magic circle is still a little bit poor, so we can only trouble the people of the cavalry team."

When Bafang heard what he said, he quickly said: "Okay, no problem, I will notify Long Ying and the others right away." After saying that, he immediately notified Long Ying. Long Ying didn't say anything and just took the disciples of the cavalry team. , appeared outside the illusion array, and then directly entered the illusion array and began to clean up the corpses of the lobster clan in the illusion array.

It is very easy for them to clean up these corpses. They only need to collect those corpses into the space. After they return, some of the things on these corpses can actually be used. Even if they cannot be used, they can still be used by the aliens. People eat it, so he has no complaints.

Time passed little by little, and a few hours passed in the blink of an eye. That is to say, the people of the lobster family have no children. If their brains were better, they would have discovered that there was a problem long ago, and it was precisely Because they have no brains, they will continuously rush into the phantom formation, and finally die in the phantom formation.

Bafang watched all this, and then said after a while: "The effect of this illusion array is really great. Why doesn't the sect use this illusion array to deal with the people here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom? If the sect uses the illusion array to deal with the Shenlong People here in Haiguo, that sect will never suffer so many casualties." He really couldn't understand.

At this time, the disciple who set up the formation smiled slightly and said: "The development of our Blood Killing Sect's formation has reached a bottleneck. It is already difficult to develop further. Moreover, we are here in the Tianlong Babu Realm mainly for training troops. , We had many opportunities before that could use many methods to eliminate other interfaces with less effort, but we gave up. The most important reason is that we want to train our troops."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, and then said: "Here in the Eight Tribes of Tianlong, for us people from the Blood Killing Sect, it is nothing at all. The place where we ascended is here in the Eight Tribes of Tianlong, so we Our strength is very weak at the beginning, and our training techniques cannot be compared with those in Wanshan Realm, so we must have a training time, a time to improve our combat effectiveness, so we have to Fighting here in the Tianlong Babu Realm, firstly, we have time to practice, secondly, we can improve our combat effectiveness through fighting, and thirdly, we can take down the Tianlong Babuxia, and then turn it into our interface, in one fell swoop Why don’t we do the three things?”

Bafang and Tu Jinbo didn't speak. They suddenly discovered the most basic gap between themselves and the Blood Killing Sect. The most basic gap between them and the Blood Killing Sect lies in their vision. When their vision is not limited to the Dragon World, At that time, the Blood Killing Sect had already set its sights on the entire Tianlong Babu Realm, and even the Wanshan Realm outside. The vision was different, so the way of doing things was naturally different.

Now it seems that the people of the Blood Killing Sect are stupid, using the stupidest method to advance step by step and occupy the entire dragon world step by step, but they have never thought about the reason why the Blood Killing Sect does this. I am just training troops. I believe that with this method, when the people of the Blood Killing Sect walk out from here, their strength must be extremely powerful. Even if they reach the Wanshan Realm, they can still have a place, and they are still very important. Because they had already prepared for it, they could naturally ignore the interference when they arrived at Wanshan Realm.

This battle lasted for more than ten hours. When the last lobster entered the formation, all directions already knew the fate of those lobsters. They could not escape. The only way to wait for them was death. Although they were a little intolerant, they didn't say anything. They knew very well that dead shrimps were very stubborn. Even if they wanted to save the lobsters, the lobsters would never be grateful to them and would attack them instead. them.

By the time the last lobster died in the battle, more than twenty hours had passed. Tens of millions of lobsters had died here, but the price paid by the Blood Killing Sect was very little. No one even died in the battle, which is surprising.

After Long Ying and the others took away the last lobster carcass, Bafang and the others heaved a sigh of relief. They were not nervous, but a little unbearable, especially when they saw those lobster carcasses, but looking at When the lobster carcasses were taken away, they felt better, although they also knew that the Blood Killer Sect was unlikely to treat those lobster carcasses kindly.

"Add bookmarks for easy reading"