c7600 Bad consequences

Jiuling Lao murmured: "How could this happen? How could this happen? Even if those races rise, this situation will not happen. This is not right." Jiuling Lao is the prime minister of Shenlonghai Kingdom. He knew the situation of Shenlong Haiguo very well. Shenlonghaiguo had almost never worried about food, so now when he heard Bafang say this, he felt very incredible.

Bafang smiled bitterly and said: "Of course something is wrong. If those races just became stronger, it would be okay, but the fact is that is not the case at all. Their rise has also caused a side effect, that is, the increase in their population. , the numbers of several races in their sea clan have been controlled originally, but since the rise of the four races, their numbers have not been controlled, and for some reason, the quantity they produce has also begun to increase. It is Because of this, there will gradually be fewer and fewer fish here in Shenlong Sea Kingdom."

Old Jiuling's face also darkened. He looked at all directions and said, "It seems that the Dragon King really has a problem, and the problem is not small. I'm afraid the sea snakes, crabs, lobsters and mantis shrimps are also... It was under the influence of the Dragon King, or possibly the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, that it became like that. The Dragon King may have made two preparations. One was to place people among various tribes and control them. , if this method works, then all the races will be controlled by him, and the other preparation is to turn the four sea snakes and the others into powerful fighting races, and let them reproduce in large numbers until their numbers are large enough and their masters are enough. Most of the time, no matter whether each tribe is controlled by him or not, he will take action against the people of each tribe and clean up all the tribes. In that case, the entire dragon world will be his own."

Bafang's expression changed, and then he murmured: "It seems that is really the case, otherwise, the matter of the Swordfish Clan and the Sailfish Clan would be a bit unreasonable. He really wants to gain the power of the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom. , would you rather destroy the Shenlonghai Kingdom? You must know that this is his territory, and it was born because of him."

"So now I believe what the sect leader said. The Dragon King is really affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's Law. Otherwise, his behavior is really unjustifiable." Elder Jiuling now believes even more in what Zhao Hai and the others said. , he felt that there was something really wrong with the Dragon King, otherwise he would not have been able to do this.

Jiuling Lao has been the prime minister of the Shenlonghai Kingdom for so many years. He knows very well what the Dragon King means to the Shenlonghai Kingdom. The Dragon King's status in the Shenlonghai Kingdom is actually the same as Zhao Hai's status in the Blood Killing Sect. Pretty much the same, what is Zhao Hai’s status in the Blood Killing Sect? He usually doesn't take care of things, but no one dares not to listen to his words. He is the Dinghai Shenzhen of the Blood Killing Sect, and he is the God of the Blood Killing Sect.

And what did Zhao Hai do in the Blood Killing Sect? He only grasps one general direction, leaving all other matters to Chang Jun and others. He almost doesn't care about the specific matters of the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, Zhao Hai's current approach is very similar to the previous Dragon King's approach. Similar, but one day, the Dragon King changed. He suddenly wanted power. He began to eliminate those ministers who dared to speak and opposed his decisions, because some of his decisions were unreasonable. People like Jiuling Lao and the others , would object, but this made the Dragon King very unhappy, so he began to think of ways to get rid of all these people. In the end, Jiuling Lao was also eliminated by him, and the Shenlonghai Kingdom became His words were clear. Even so, he was still worried. He wanted to eliminate all the old and powerful fighting races in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. To this end, he supported the four races of the Sea Snakes. In doing so, it was obvious that It would cause harm to Shenlong Hai Kingdom, but he didn't care. This was obviously not the Dragon King's behavior. It could even be said that he was completely different from the previous Dragon King, except that the Dragon King was really affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Controlled, there really is no reasonable explanation.

When Bafang heard what Mr. Jiuling said, he nodded and said: "If this is really the case, then when our Blood Killing Sect will face the Dragon King in the future, the sea snake clan, crab clan, lobster clan, mantis shrimp clan, etc. The four races will definitely be very loyal to the Dragon King, and we will probably have to destroy them when the time comes."

Jiuling Lao sighed softly and said: "There is nothing we can do about this. The Sea Snake clan is a little better. The people in their clan are very smart, and can even be said to be very cunning, but they are also very cold-blooded and ruthless, and the other three clans , they are not very smart, and may be more easily controlled by the Dragon King. The Dragon King controls several of their tribes, and this may be the meaning, because they are easier to control, so he controls these races. No matter what decision he makes in the future, People from these races will not oppose him, so that the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom belongs to him alone. At that time, he can completely let the power of the Shadow Clan's laws fully enter the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom, and then The Sea Clan here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom have all turned into Shadow Clan creatures. This kind of thing has been done by the Shadow Clan before, and I have seen it in some of the sect’s information.”

Bafang smiled bitterly. He didn't say anything, but he believed Old Jiuling's judgment because he knew very well that Old Jiuling could be said to be the person the Dragon King knew best, and he also knew the laws of the Shadow Clan. If he can make such a betrayal about a matter of strength, then there should be nothing wrong with him.

Old Jiuling smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "In the past, I still didn't quite believe what the Blood Killing Sect said, especially about the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, although I also saw the Shadow Clan creatures. In some projections, I even saw the shield made of the Dragon King's scales, which finally turned into black smoke. But I still have some doubts. I wonder if the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will really do that? Do they really have it? That kind of ability? But now I start to believe it, because more and more things have proven that the people in the sect did not lie to us about this matter."

Bafang sighed softly and said: "I really didn't expect that there is actually such a power of the Shadow Clan's law in this world, and now they have really reached out to our Dragon Realm. If the dragon scale shield, really It was refined by the Dragon King after being influenced by the power of the Shadow Clan Law. What the Sect Leader said, the power of the Shadow Clan Law is not the same energy system as ours at all, is all true. , we all saw the dragon scale shield, to be honest, the energy in the dragon scale shield really makes people feel very uncomfortable."

Old Jiuling nodded, and then he sighed softly and said: "It seems that some of our previous ideas were really wrong. We thought that the sect master came up with some excuses just to let us join. Now it seems that they are not true." It’s all true, but we thought wrong. It seems we still know too little about the sect.”

Bafang nodded and didn't say anything. The two of them were thinking about their own things, but they didn't stop and kept swimming forward. To be honest, if the Shenlong Sea Kingdom was completely integrated into the Blood Killing Sect, they They still feel very uncomfortable. They were born here, grew up here, and have always regarded this place as their home. No one wants to completely merge their home into another person's home, so they My mood is really bad now.

After a while, while the two of them were still swimming forward, Jiulinglao suddenly stopped. Bafang looked at Jiulinglao with some confusion, and Jiulinglao said in a deep voice: "Two thousand miles ahead. There are a large number of sea tribes gathering in this place, and the number of sea tribes gathered this time is very large, and they are very large. It seems that they are either shark tribe or whale tribe."

In the Shenlong Sea, although many creatures are very large, there are only two types of largest creatures. One is the shark tribe, and the other is the whale tribe. These two races are the largest in the sea. , there used to be a huge race in the sea, even bigger than the whale clan, that is the king squid clan, their body shape can be bigger than the whale clan, even comparable to the current Jiuling Lao But that race was exterminated because it offended the Dragon King. By the way, the place where the King Squid clan was exterminated was the Dark Trench.

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but become a little nervous. Although the blue-light octopus clan can be regarded as a powerful fighting race in the sea, compared with the shark clan or the whale clan, it is far behind. No matter Whether it is the Shark Clan or the Whale Clan, both are stronger than the Blue Light Octopus Clan. These two races can be said to be the two strongest fighting races in the sea except the Dragon King. So now when Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, they stopped in front. The race on their way was either the shark race or the whale race, so he was a little nervous.

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "It's okay, they haven't discovered us yet. After all, they don't have radar, so it's absolutely impossible for them to discover us, so we can swim forward boldly and safely, and then see which race they are. Try to engage with them.”

Bafang nodded. He felt that Jiuling Lao's idea was very good. They should really get in touch with the other party to see what the other party's reaction was. After all, observing the surrender of the Hai Clan was also one of their important tasks, so Bafang I also agree with Elder Jiuling’s method. The two of them swam forward, but their speed slowed down a lot.

The distance of two thousand miles is not very far for them. It only took about two hours for the two of them to reach the outskirts of the Sea Clan. They were only about two hundred miles away from the Sea Clan's army. This distance should It was a very safe distance, because even the shark clan's powerful sense of smell would not be able to detect them at such a distance, so the two of them were very relieved.

After stopping, Old Jiuling turned to Bafang and said, "I just took a look. The people blocking us are not the sharks, but the whales. Although the whales have a gentler character, we still We have to be careful, and the whale family’s sense of smell is actually very powerful, so we must be careful, what do you think?”

Bafang said in a deep voice: "That's true. Although the Whale Clan has always shown that they are not too confrontational with the Dragon King, they are still very affectionate towards the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, so they must be careful."