c7604 Take action

Of course the person coming was Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai had always paid attention to Jiuling Lao and Bafang. He also knew Jiuling Lao's little thoughts, but he was not angry. Jiuling Lao and the others did not know the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. , so it is understandable that they are a little careful. After they understand the situation of the Blood Killing Sect in the future, they will not have such thoughts. If they still have such thoughts by then, then Zhao Hai will also I don’t mind giving them a good lesson.

But now, Jiuling Lao and Bafang are working for the Blood Killing Sect, going around to persuade the Hai clan people to surrender. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really want to have a fight, Zhao Hai has no such intention. In his opinion, such a The battle was meaningless, so he was not prepared to start a war. If he could persuade anyone to surrender, he would do so.

But he didn't expect that Jiuling Lao and Bafang would encounter a weirdo like Lan Zhuangfei. His way of thinking seemed to be different from normal people, but whatever Jiuling Lao said, he thought Jiuling Lao was lying. He is also so arrogant and arrogant. Not to mention Jiuling's old age, even Zhao Hai is very annoyed.

But if Lan Zhuangfei can let Jiuling Lao and Bafang leave, Zhao Hai will look at him more highly, and maybe let them go in the future. But when Lan Zhuangfei gave the order to kill Jiuling Lao and Bafang , Zhao Hai couldn't help but get angry. He suddenly appeared in front of Jiuling Lao Bafang, and he was ready to make these guys pay the price.

As soon as Lan Zhuangfei and the others saw Jiuling Lao and Bafang, they all bowed to Zhao Hai and called him the sect master. They immediately knew Zhao Hai's identity. Lan Zhuangfei couldn't help but his eyes lit up, and he stared at them intently. Zhao Hai said: "Are you Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect? Hahahaha, the Dragon King has issued a killing order for you. As long as you are killed, the Dragon King will immediately make our whale clan a new king. Give us a fiefdom so that we can become kings on our own, so Zhao Hai, you must die."

Zhao Hai looked at Lan Zhuangfei, but didn't say a word, then turned to look at Jiuling Lao and Bafang, and said in a deep voice: "Are there many guys like this in the sea? If there are many guys like this in the sea, Then I think there is no need for you to persuade us to surrender. Our army can just push over and flatten the Shenlonghai Kingdom."

Old Jiuling glanced at Lan Zhuangfei who was sitting there, and then smiled bitterly and said: "Returning to the sect master, there are really not many guys like this in Shenlonghai Kingdom, it can even be said that there are almost none. We have been with Whale before. I don’t have many contacts with the tribe, and I don’t know that they are such people, so I’m really ashamed.”

Zhao Hai waved his hands and said: "This is not your fault. You are just here to persuade them to surrender. Whether they surrender or not is their business. What does it have to do with you? That's all. If they don't surrender, they won't surrender. It just so happens that the sect In the blood pool, we still need some blood essence. I think these whale clan members are very big. If we use them to make blood essence, we should be able to make a lot of blood essence. Maybe the entire whale clan will be destroyed. If they are destroyed, our blood essence will be enough."

When Old Jiuling heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. He really wanted to persuade Zhao Hai before, but now he really couldn't say a word. He had no way to say it. Lan Zhuang Fei's brain circuit is completely different from that of a normal person. How can he persuade such a person?

At this time, Lan Zhuangfei was so angry that his face was livid. He originally wanted to show off his majesty by saying those words before, but he was completely ignored by Zhao Hai. This made the always very arrogant person How could he endure it? Lan Zhuangfei had always believed that in the Shenlonghai Kingdom, his strength could definitely be ranked second. The first place was of course the Dragon King, and he didn't even look down on Jiuling Lao. , otherwise the Whale Clan would not have been wandering around the periphery of the Shenlonghai Kingdom these years. They were also a bit obedient to the Dragon King, because he believed that his strength was stronger than Jiuling Lao, and Jiuling Lao was always Prime Minister, he was not, which made him very dissatisfied, so he did this.

Later, when Jiuling Lao was chased by the Dragon King, Lan Zhuangfei suddenly woke up. Yes, why did he have to become the prime minister? He can completely live his own life. As long as he doesn't go to the Dragon Palace, the Dragon King can't do anything to him. Isn't this better than being a prime minister? It is precisely because of this idea that he has been further away from the Dragon Palace in recent years. He has been obedient to the Dragon King's words and does not take them to heart at all.

And this time, the reason why he accepted the order and came here to wait for the Nine Spirits Elder was indeed because the Dragon King gave an order. The Dragon King's order was that if he could really kill the Nine Spirits Elder, then the Dragon King would promise If he disobeys the order, if he can kill Zhao Hai, the Dragon King will allow him to become king on his own.

Although Lan Zhuangfei feels that he already has such strength, he also knows very well that the power in Dragon King's hands is not weak now. If he really makes Dragon King anxious, then Dragon King will definitely use all the strength of the Dragon Sea. If the armies of all the nationalities in the country come to attack the Whale Clan, their life will not be easy. It is for this reason that he has never proclaimed himself king. Now that he has the Dragon King's order, he is naturally moved. If he really succeeds, then he can really become a self-reliant king in the future. Even if he can't kill Zhao Hai and kills Jiuling Lao, he can no longer obey the Dragon King's orders in the future. That is not the same as self-reliance. Compared to being a king, perhaps all he lacks is a fiefdom.

Originally, Lan Zhuangfei was just preparing to deal with Old Jiu Ling. He did not believe that Zhao Hai, a sect leader, would appear in front of him for no reason, but he did not expect that Zhao Hai would appear. This was definitely a big deal for him. An unexpected surprise, that's why he seemed so excited and said those words.

But now when he saw Zhao Hai's performance, Lan Zhuangfei couldn't help but feel angry. When he saw Zhao Hai and Jiuling Lao were still talking, he couldn't help but snorted coldly. This sound was very loud, I believe everyone can hear it. Got it, he just wanted to attract the attention of Jiuling Lao and Zhao Hai, and make Zhao Hai listen to him.

Zhao Hai turned his head as expected. Lan Zhuangfei looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Hai, if you show up here, you are killing yourself, so don't blame me for being rude. You have a chance to come and go today." ." Lan Zhuangfei likes this feeling very much. He likes to trap the enemy, then talk nonsense to the enemy and watch the enemy look in pain.

Zhao Hai looked at Lan Zhuangfei's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly: "You don't even know how I appeared here, and you still want to deal with me. It's really ridiculous. That's all, I don't want to be like you either. People who talk so much nonsense, I said that I will use you to make blood essence, and I will do what I said." After saying this, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the next moment a bunch of whale tribesmen stood there on his left He stopped moving and couldn't move. Then Zhao Hai shook his hand, and the whale clan members immediately turned into blood mist. Finally, the blood mist kept compressing and turned into a blood-red crystal the size of a fist, which fell on Zhao Hai. In his hand, Zhao Hai took a look and put away the blood crystal with great satisfaction.

Zhao Hai's move was completely beyond the expectations of the whale clan members. They never expected that Zhao Hai only said one sentence and then took action without even giving them time to react. The most important thing was that Zhao Hai only said one sentence and then took action. , the methods Zhao Hai used were really terrifying. They didn’t even know what methods Zhao Hai used. The group of whales that Zhao Hai attacked was also a relatively powerful race among the whales. Their body length was They had reached about three hundred miles, but with a wave of Zhao Hai's hand, more than a hundred giant whales had disappeared. How could they not be surprised?

This was not over yet. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand again, and more than a hundred giant whales on his right were all trapped by him. Then he clenched his fist, and the corpses of those giant whales were also It exploded, turned into blood mist, and finally turned into a blood crystal, which fell into his hand.

At this time, all the whale clan members went crazy. They roared and rushed over, but Lan Zhuangfei sat there with a face ashen as death. He did not turn into his own body because he was really frightened. He knew that those whales The strength of the tribe, those are all his men, how could he not know their strength? To be honest, although he is strong, it is completely unreasonable for him to kill those people so easily. Maybe, this made him not surprised.

He originally thought that the strength of the Blood Killing Sect could only be regarded as average. Even if Zhao Hai was stronger, he could not be stronger than the Dragon King. In other words, Zhao Hai's strength was about the same as him. Naturally, he was not. Nothing to be afraid of. But just now, Zhao Hai just waved his hand twice and killed more than two hundred giant whales. Such strength is not something he can compare with. Compared with Zhao Hai, his strength is But it's too far off.

At this time, Zhao Hai made a move. He pointed out, and then shouted: "God's machine, the leakless knife formation." Following his voice, countless huge metal swords suddenly appeared in the surrounding sea area. Pillars, in front of these metal pillars, stood four huge golden figures. Each of these golden figures held a long knife in their hands. Then the metal pillars began to rotate. As the metal pillars rotated, the golden figures in their hands The big swords also started to dance. As the golden swords danced, they seemed to have turned into racks of barbecue machines. They kept twisting and directly killed all the giant whales around them. It was ground into minced meat, and the surrounding seawater suddenly turned blood red.

But this time, Zhao Hai reached out and grabbed it casually, and a blood crystal appeared in his hand, and the blood in the sea water was reduced. Then he grabbed it again, and there was more blood crystal in his hand. He grabbed a piece of blood crystal, and just like that, Zhao Hai grabbed it more than 20 times. He had already collected more than 20 blood crystals in his hand, and the surrounding sea water returned to its original state.

However, when Mr. Jiuling and Bafang turned around and looked around, they discovered that there were far fewer Whale Clan members around. The remaining Whale Clan members had all retreated to the periphery, hundreds of miles away from them. Everyone looked at them with frightened faces. Even Lan Zhuangfei had retreated hundreds of miles away and was looking at Zhao Hai with straight eyes. But who had the frightened look on his face? It was obvious that he was frightened by the previous attack. I wonder if he regrets it now.