c7605 good material

Zhao Hai looked at the whales with a smile on his face. Finally, he turned his attention to Lan Zhuangfei. Lan Zhuangfei couldn't help but trembled when he saw Zhao Hai's gaze. He had already felt it. There was definitely ill-intention in Hai's eyes, which made Lan Zhuangfei's heart set off alarm bells. Then he glanced around, then turned to look at Zhao Hai, and said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that. , your strength is so strong, no wonder you dared to attack our Shenlonghai Kingdom before, and it was a failure, but do you really want to kill us all? Do you have such courage? "

Lan Zhuangfei now understands that Zhao Hai is indeed powerful. He just wants to survive after putting him to death. He really doesn't believe that Zhao Hai will directly destroy the whale clan. You know, Exterminating a clan is not a small matter, and the consequences are huge. Generally, no one would dare to do this.

Zhao Hai looked at Lan Zhuangfei, smiled slightly and said: "Why don't I dare? Do you have any reasons why I can't take action? I really want to know." As he spoke, Zhao Hai waved his hand, He raised his hand very slowly, but as he moved, the surrounding seawater seemed to be undergoing some unknown changes. No one knew what this change was about, and everyone was silent. Looking at Zhao Hai, he didn't know what he wanted to do.

But Lan Zhuangfei and the others knew very well that Zhao Hai's move this time would definitely not be easy, so they all became vigilant. Lan Zhuangfei even said to Zhao Hai: "Do you really dare to kill us? We, the Whale Clan, There are quite a few of us, and if you really dare to kill us all, the trapped fruit alone will directly arouse your inner demons, and you will be dead by then."

As soon as they heard what he said, Jiuling Lao and Bafang couldn't help but smile bitterly. The two of them had some understanding of Zhao Hai. They both knew that Zhao Hai would never care about cause and effect, and he would die in Zhao Hai's hands. I don’t know how many people there are anymore. Zhao Hai is still alive. Well, if he really cared about cause and effect, he wouldn’t be like this now.

Zhao Hai looked at Lan Zhuangfei and laughed suddenly: "What? Do you want me to let you whale people go with just one sentence? You seem to be a little too naive, right? Why do you think we To be called the Blood Killing Sect, we people in the Blood Killing Sect are not afraid of cause and effect, and no one is afraid of inner demons. We need to keep fighting and killing in order to improve our strength, so you said These things are of no use to us at all.”

Lan Zhuangfei's face suddenly became very ugly. He looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "You really can't give us a way to survive? If this is really the case, then we can only fight. You Do you really think you can keep us all here by yourself?"

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, his hand was now raised in front of his eyes, and then he said loudly: "It's too late. It's too late for you to say this now. Do you feel that something is wrong around you? But you still don't Do you know something is wrong? I can tell you now because I have arranged magic circles around me. Do you know about magic circles? Your knowledge of magic circles is really poor. You may not know what magic circles are about. Son, so in your opinion, to set up a large magic circle, you must need a lot of people and a lot of things, but I can tell you that in fact, in this world, there are many ways to do it without knowing it. , just set up the magic circle. There is no need for formation symbols, formation disks, or formation flags, so I can arrange a large-scale magic formation, completely cover this place, and cover all of you. It's covered inside, now that the magic circle has been set up, and none of you can even think of running away."

Lan Zhuangfei's face was ashen. He glanced around, but didn't find anything wrong around him. Finally, he turned to look at Zhao Hai and sneered: "Pretend, do you think I will be afraid of you?" I haven't moved this old bone for so many years, and it's time to move it now. I really want to see if you can stop me." After saying this, Lan Zhuangfei's figure moved, and his whole body moved directly. He flew forward and flew directly to a few hundred meters above everyone's heads before he stopped. Then Lan Zhuangfei's body grew larger in an instant and turned into a huge whale.

This whale is really too big. Zhao Hai has never thought that a whale can grow to be so big. This whale is about ten thousand miles long. It has a huge head. His head is round and covered with He has a long beard, his body is black, and he is very huge. His head alone is as big as a basketball city with seats.

This big whale also has horns on its head. Although it has no scales on its body, it can be seen at a glance. This big whale is definitely not easy to mess with. Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh when he looked at this whale. After a sound, his eyes lit up and he said in a deep voice: "Okay, it's really great. My Five Elements Dragon finally has a good body, hahahaha."

The Five Elements Dragon that Zhao Hai is talking about is an energy dragon that they created before. This energy dragon's body is composed of the energy of the Five Elements, and its combat power is also very powerful. Moreover, it can also enter the Five Elements Killing Formation. In the energy shield to restore his strength, but there has been no entity all this time, and now it can only be integrated with the Xuanwu space. Although Zhao Hai has always wanted to turn him into another large magic weapon, but There has always been no good way, because this Five Elements Dragon still lacks a very important thing, that is, he does not have a real body. Although it is possible to use an external incarnation to create a body for him, Zhao Hai I have done this before, but I always feel that it is not very smooth, because Zhao Hai's external incarnation is Xuanwu Island. When he creates such an external incarnation, it is equivalent to having two external incarnations. Although There won't be too much conflict, but the Five Elements Dragon's body will still be affected to a certain extent. He must stay away from Xuanwu Island, otherwise he may be sucked into Xuanwu Island and assimilated.

This assimilation does not refer to ideological assimilation, but to physical assimilation. In other words, if the Five Elements Dragon uses Buddhist gold to form its body, as long as he approaches Xuanwu Island, he will merge with Xuanwu Island, and finally He can only become a weapon on Xuanwu Island, but cannot make the decision himself.

Zhao Hai has no opinion on this, but the Five Elements Dragon has its own thoughts. Although his soul mark was given by Zhao Hai, and he will listen to Zhao Hai's words, he doesn't want to Integrated with Xuanwu Island, he wanted to develop independently, which has always made Zhao Hai very embarrassed.

The power of the Five Elements Dragon is very powerful. There is no way to use ordinary things to become his body. But if you don't get a good body for him, then there is no way to develop the power of the Five Elements Dragon, because for Xuanwu For the island, it is really unnecessary to have a new weapon.

Zhao Hai has been having a headache about this matter, but now that he saw Lan Zhuangfei, he suddenly had an idea. If Lan Zhuangfei's body could be turned into the body of a five-element dragon, it might be feasible. Let’s not talk about Lan Zhuangfei’s combat power. Let’s just say that with Lan Zhuangfei’s size, his strength will definitely not be small, and his strength will definitely not be bad. As long as it is done well, he can completely become the body of a five-element dragon. .

Lan Zhuangfei and the others didn't understand what Zhao Hai meant. After Lan Zhuangfei revealed his true form, he couldn't help but roar up to the sky. The sound was very loud. Although it was in the sea, the sound spread out. Far away, then his two huge eyes stared at Zhao Hai, with a fierce light shining in them.

Zhao Hai looked at Lan Zhuangfei's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "What? Do you still want to take action against me? Forget it, let me see how strong you are." After saying this, Zhao Hai turned his hand over and Pressing down, Jiuling Lao and Bafang felt that the sea water around them seemed to be slightly undulating. Just when they didn't know what was going on, they saw the whale tribesmen around them, and their bodies suddenly fell down. As soon as they fell, it was as if something extremely heavy was suddenly placed on their backs. They were immediately pressed to the bottom of the sea, unable to move.

After Zhao Hai finished dealing with the other whale clan, he looked at Lan Zhuangfei. He still had a smile on his face and said in a deep voice: "Lan Zhuangfei, come on, let me see how strong you are. I hope you won't disappoint me." Zhao Hai said these words with a smile, but these words made Lan Zhuangfei's face become more solemn, especially when he saw the whale tribesmen on the ground. , even more so.

He really couldn't imagine that one person, with his own strength, could make all the masters of the whale clan lie on the bottom of the sea without any ability to fight back, unable to move. This really made him unable to imagine that now he has He regretted it immensely. If he had known that Zhao Hai was so powerful, he would have said nothing to deal with Old Jiuling, and he might have surrendered directly. But now it is too late for him to say anything. What he said before It was too full, and it had already aroused the dissatisfaction of Jiuling Lao and the Blood Killing Sect. Even if he surrendered to the Blood Killing Sect now, he would not get any good results, so he did not surrender.

This is another person who has been poisoned by the internal battles in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. In fact, not only the Shenlonghai Kingdom, but also the Whale Clan had countless internal battles before. Lan Zhuangfei also went through countless battles before he sat down. They have reached the position of the head of the Whale Clan, so they have been thinking about the Blood Killing Clan according to their own ideas. Unfortunately, they have completely thought wrong. If they can surrender to the Blood Killing Clan, there may be a way to survive. It is a pity that he But gave up.

Lan Zhuangfei knew that whether the whale clan could continue to exist depended on this battle. If he could succeed, then the whale clan would be able to exist. If he could not succeed, then the whale clan would really be destroyed. He was about to be doomed, so he was ready to launch a final fierce attack on Zhao Hai. If he could repel Zhao Hai or allow other whale tribe members to release their restraints, then they would have won. rw