c7607 Dark Trench

Just as the two of them were heading towards the Dark Trench, Sun Buyu and the others had already received the notification. They knew that Zhao Hai had already taken action once and had wiped out the whale tribe. Sun Buyu and the others seemed very happy and immediately issued the notification. , the whole army is ready to attack. What happened this time has a great impact on them. Zhao Hai made a move, which made Sun Buyu and the others feel very ashamed. You must know that in other interfaces, Zhao Hai rarely Those who knew how to take action could only come to the Dragon Realm. When they were commanding, Zhao Hai had taken action several times, which made them not feel ashamed.

So when Sun Bu met them, he immediately had the whole army prepare and prepare for an all-out attack. But this time, Zhao Hai returned to the Xuanwu Space. He did not disturb anyone, but directly took away the energy body of the Five Elements Dragon in the Xuanwu Space.

Although he directly brought the energy body of the Five Elements Dragon back to the space, then he waved his hand and released Lan Zhuangfei's body. Then he glanced at the body of the Five Elements Dragon, and then pinched it in his hand. He cast a spell, and then pointed fiercely at the Five Elements Dragon. Then with a move of his finger, the energy body of the Five Elements Dragon flew directly up, and then slowly entered Lan Zhuangfei's body.

After the Five Elements Giant Dragon's body merged with Lan Zhuangfei's body, Zhao Hai shook his hand fiercely. The next moment he shouted: "Come together!" Following his voice, the Five Elements Giant Dragon The body of Lan Zhuangfei and Lan Zhuangfei's body slowly came together. Then Lan Zhuangfei's body slowly changed. His body began to shrink slowly. It turned out to be very huge. Some of the round bodies were slowly shrinking, and finally became very slender. The originally scale-less body slowly grew scales, and the horns on his head were also changing. , slowly turned into antlers like antlers, and at the same time, claws began to grow slowly under the body.

Zhao Hai stared closely at Lan Zhuangfei's body and watched the changes in his body. His method was actually a method of reviving a corpse. It was similar to the method used by the Dragon King before, but once he completed it, then The Five Elements Dragon will be completely integrated with this body, and it will become a new life.

But this kind of life is no longer a real life. He is actually a member of the undead clan, but the strength of this undead clan will be very powerful, and this is exactly what Zhao Hai is planning to make. This thing will also become a weapon of the Blood Killing Sect in the future, a very terrifying weapon.

The reason why it is said that he is a weapon, rather than like the undead clan, Zhao Hai will really regard him as a living creature, that is because Zhao Hai really cannot completely regard him as a living creature, because although he is made of energy body Fusion with Lan Zhuangfei's body also contains Zhao Hai's soul imprint, but his current thinking power is not independent. The little independent thinking power he originally had, during this refining, He was also destroyed, so he could only be turned into a weapon, not a living thing, because he had no ability to think independently.

Looking at the dragon body that was slowly taking shape, Zhao Hai's eyes couldn't help flashing with a look of satisfaction. Then he seemed to have thought of something, and his eyes lit up. The next moment he waved his hand, and his hand suddenly appeared. He picked up two pieces of crystal-like things, and then he directly threw the two pieces into the giant dragon's body. As soon as the two pieces met the giant dragon's body, they slowly penetrated into the giant dragon's body. , disappeared directly.

The next moment, the dragon's body changed. You could see that the scales on the dragon's body began to slowly change and become transparent. The dragon's body also turned white. Finally, the entire dragon turned into A white giant dragon covered with transparent scales. No matter who sees such a giant dragon, they will think that this giant dragon must be an extremely sacred dragon.

Zhao Hai then smiled slightly, then waved his hand, and a halberd appeared in his hand. This halberd was exactly the halberd he got from the Garuda Realm. He also wanted it at the beginning. The halberd was combined with the giant dragon, but later it was discovered that this would not work. In this way, the giant dragon would be slowly assimilated by the halberd. The material of this halberd is somewhat special. I don’t know what material it is made of. , and the combination of the dragon and the halberd, although it seemed to be very powerful, or in fact, there was some energy conflict. It was not cost-effective, so Zhao Hai separated them.

But now the dragon has a body, and the halberd is still a halberd. What will happen if the halberd and the dragon are combined now? Zhao Hai wanted to give it a try. When he thought of this, Zhao Hai moved his hand and threw the halberd in his hand directly. It landed directly on the dragon's body, and then slowly merged with the dragon.

When the halberd and the giant dragon merged together, Zhao Hai couldn't help but close his eyes. He quietly felt what changes would happen when the halberd and the giant dragon merged together. Soon Zhao Hai Hai opened his eyes, and a look of surprise flashed through his eyes, because he found that the halberd seemed to be integrated very well with the giant dragon. After the halberd entered the body of the giant dragon, It immediately began to grow longer and became softer. The last halberd was completely integrated with the dragon's spine, and the halberd head was also integrated with the dragon head, and the fusion was perfect. , there was no trace of rejection.

After the halberd and the giant dragon were completely integrated, Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes. He glanced at the giant dragon, but found that there was no change in the giant dragon. Then his body was still It is white, and the scales are still transparent, but there is a hint of sharpness in this dragon's body, which Zhao Hai did not expect.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but shouted: "Get up!" Following his voice, the giant dragon opened its eyes fiercely, and then Changtian let out a long roar, and the next moment the giant dragon flew directly He stood up and kept flying in the sky. As he kept flying in the sky, the surrounding water vapor gathered directly around him and turned into four white mists, which happened to gather in the giant dragon's body. Under the four claws, this makes the dragon look even more sacred.

Zhao Hai looked at the giant dragon and was very satisfied. With a move of his hand, the giant dragon in the sky let out a loud roar and fell directly from the sky the next moment. During the fall, the giant dragon's The body was also changing, and finally the dragon turned into a halberd and landed on Zhao Hai.

And this halberd that didn't look special at first has changed now. On the halberd's pole, a picture of a coiled dragon appears. A dragon is coiled on the halberd's pole. It's black, but the dragon is white. The dragon scales just form a layer of anti-slip texture, making it very comfortable to hold in your hand.

The position of the dragon's head was just below the halberd's head. The dragon's mouth was open, and the halberd's halberd was spitting out from the dragon's mouth. It could be said that the whole halberd suddenly became very gorgeous. Zhao Hai gently After waving it twice, the halberd immediately made a screaming sound. At the same time, the coiled dragon pattern on the halberd seemed to come alive, flying up and down with the halberd shaft, which was indescribably beautiful.

Zhao Hai looked at the halberd and couldn't help laughing and said: "Okay, it's such a good baby, let's go." After Zhao Hai waved his hand, the halberd flew out and transformed into a giant dragon in the air. As it kept flying up and down in the air, Zhao Hai couldn't help laughing. He was really very satisfied with this weapon.

Just when Zhao Hai was testing the halberd, Jiuling Lao and Bafang were still flying forward. Perhaps the Dragon King was too confident. Except for the interception by the Whale Clan, the Dragon King did not send anyone else. Intercepting them allowed them to reach the Dark Trench very smoothly.

The reason why the two of them were sure that they had arrived at the Dark Trench was because they found that there were fewer and fewer marine plants around them. Without the marine plants, the sea had become pitch black, and the surrounding temperature had also dropped a lot. There are fewer and fewer creatures around.

Elder Jiuling glanced around and said in a deep voice: "We should be approaching the Dark Trench soon, otherwise this situation would not happen. Be careful." Elder Jiuling was still very afraid of the Dark Trench. It is very clear that this is not a good place. Although I have not heard of any powerful creatures here, the environment here is the most terrifying enemy, and the Dragon King almost knows by now that they are coming for the Dark Trench. Yes, if he sets an ambush here, the two of them will be in danger, so they must be careful.

Although Old Jiuling is powerful, due to his race, he is still a little uncomfortable with this cold environment. In such an environment, his strength will still be affected to some extent. Because of this, Only then would he remind Bafang to be careful, because if enemies appeared now, they would have to be careful.

Bafang also responded. He has never been to the Dark Trench, but he has heard about this place. This is a dead place for the Sea Clan. No matter which race a person is, if he is really exiled here, then It's almost like being sentenced to death.

The two of them swam forward slowly. The further they moved forward, the darker the light became, the lower the temperature was, and the fewer creatures there were. In the end, the two of them seemed to be completely swallowed up by the darkness. , the figure has completely disappeared into the darkness, and the two of them can't even see each other's existence.

At this moment, a sudden blue light flashed, which made Jiulinglao stunned. Then he turned his head and saw that he had appeared in all directions, and the blue light was exactly the blue pattern on his body. , this flashing blue light is not very bright, but in this completely dark environment, this kind of light allows the two of them to see clearly the surrounding situation.

Old Jiuling couldn't help but chuckled and said: "Okay, Bafang, I really didn't expect that the ability of your blue light octopus can be used by this kind of landlord. It's really good. Why didn't I think of it before? , Hahahaha." Old Jiu Ling's situation was actually a bit serious, but he didn't want to show it, so he was still talking and laughing, and laughed very loudly.