c7609 reinforcements

The two of them went down into the trench. This trench was very weird. The mountain walls on both sides of the trench were very smooth, like mirrors. This smoothness was obviously not caused by the sky. It seemed like someone was careful. It has been polished. Of course, no one will actually do such a boring thing, but what is certain is that there is something wrong with this trench.

Although the two of them had heard of the Dark Trench before, they had never been here, so naturally they didn't know the situation here. But now when they saw the situation here, they immediately knew that there must be something wrong with the Dark Trench, and it wasn't it. Simple question, they still don’t know what is going on.

But the two of them also knew that the most important thing for them now was to find the Turtle Clan and then send the Turtle Clan back to the Blood Killing Sect. Only in this way could the safety of the Turtle Clan be guaranteed. When they thought of this, the two of them immediately stood on the ditch wall. They started searching, they really wanted to find something suspicious.

But in this way, the speed inevitably slowed down, but fortunately, the two of them were not in a hurry. They had enough time to search slowly, so the two of them were not in a hurry, but looked for it bit by bit. They searched on the mountain slopes, not missing any suspicious place, because both of them understood that if the Turtle Clan people were really hiding in the mountain wall, then they would definitely make some disguises, and they had to search carefully. OK.

While the two of them were concentrating on finding the Turtle Clan's hiding place, their radars suddenly sounded at the same time. They were both stunned and turned their attention to the radar. They immediately discovered that on the radar, there was There were countless light spots coming towards here. When they saw the shape of the light spots, both of them were slightly startled. Old Jiuling said, "They are from the Walrus clan. How did they come here?" ?”

Walruses are a special race in the sea. Their fighting power is not weak, but they are not top-notch. They are not a strong fighting race in the sea. They are much worse than the blue-ray octopus race. But these guys, But they are famous for being thick-skinned and strong, so they are also a very difficult race to deal with in the sea.

"The Walrus Clan is also one of the Dragon King's loyal lackeys. Over the years, those guys from the Walrus Clan have been helping the Dragon King with things, and they have also received strong support from the Dragon King. There are also rumors that the Dragon King intends to let the Walrus Clan come to entertain him. Our blue-light octopus clan and walrus clan are all thick-skinned and fleshy. They are not afraid of the cold, so although the low temperature here in the Dark Trench will affect them, it will not have a big impact. It seems that the Dragon King They were sent here to the Dark Trench to deal with the Turtle Clan." When Bafang sent out the message that it was the Walrus Clan, his expression changed, and his face suddenly turned ugly, because the Walrus Clan had been staring at their blue light. As for the position of the octopus clan, there have been frequent conflicts between the two clans. However, the blue-light octopus clan has always had the upper hand before. Now that the walrus clan is seen here, it is natural that enemies have met, and they are extremely jealous.

When Old Jiuling heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but his face turned cold. He snorted coldly: "It seems so. Okay, these meat rollers have developed into what they are now. It seems it's time to teach them a lesson." "The meat rollers mentioned by Jiuling Lao are another name for the Walrus clan. Because the Walrus clan is very fat, they are called meat rollers by Jiuling Lao. The skin of their bodies is very thick. It is thick and thick, but there is a thick layer of fat inside, so it is called meat roller, which is not wrong at all.

Bafang said in a deep voice: "Sir, you continue to search here, and I will deal with them. These guys have had several conflicts with our blue-light octopus clan before. I have wanted to cause trouble for them for a long time, and I happened to meet them here. , let me deal with them." After Bafang finished speaking, he started to swim to the top of the trench.

When Old Jiuling heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he did not stop him, but said in a deep voice: "Be more careful. If anything happens, call me immediately. You can also send a letter to the sect leader. You can send the coordinates." Give it to the sect and ask the sect to send reinforcements immediately."

Bafang responded, and with a movement of his body, he swam directly to the top of the trench. Bafang swam to the top of the trench. He did not move, but stood there quietly. However, he was still a very careful person. He had already set the coordinates here. He directly reported the situation to the sect. Bafang knew very well that the person standing behind him now was not the Blue Light Octopus Clan, but the Blood Killing Sect that was a hundred times more powerful than the Blue Light Octopus Clan.

Just after Bafang had done this, he saw those light spots that were very close to him, and he could already see those light spots clearly. In fact, some of the walruses were holding a Glowing beads, these beads are emitting a faint blue light. They look very beautiful. Although they are not very bright, they can also allow the walruses to see clearly their surroundings.

The walruses also saw the flickering Bafang, so they all stopped. Then the largest walrus among them slowly swam to the front of the group. The walrus glanced at Bafang and couldn't help but be slightly startled. Then he laughed loudly and said: "Hahahaha, who do I think it is? It turns out to be the leader of the Bafang clan. I really didn't expect to meet you here. Hahahaha, this is really a blessing for my Walrus clan."

Bafang looked at the walruses and suddenly smiled and said: "God bless you, the walrus clan? Why didn't I see it? Xiangshan, you, the leader of the walrus clan, are still only fat and not brainy. You always look at them." I don’t know what’s going on now. You think that you can run rampant in the sea if you surrender to the Dragon King. I tell you, that is impossible. The Dragon King is at the end of his rope now, and you are still grabbing his thigh, Xiangshan, This is why you, the walrus clan, have never been able to defeat us."

Xiangshan is the leader of the Walrus clan, the particularly huge Walrus. When he heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but sneered, and then he said in a deep voice: "Bafang, don't be proud, I know, you and that traitor Jiuling Lao , you have taken refuge in some Blood Killing Sect, but do you really think that the Blood Killing Sect can help you defeat the Dragon King? Stop dreaming. The Dragon King’s strength is beyond what you can imagine. I think you are still Surrender honestly."

Bafang looked at Xiangshan, burst out laughing and said: "Hahahahaha, Xiangshan, Xiangshan, you are still so stupid. You don't know that even without the Blood Killing Sect, all the powerful fighting races in the sea have refused to obey the Dragon King. Because he has killed too many people over the years, and he has been so ruthless. This has made the powerful warrior races in the sea become wary. While suppressing and killing people from the powerful warrior races, he He went to support you people again. This is obviously because he wants to use you to entertain the powerful warrior races. Therefore, now the powerful warrior races in the sea have become wary and are ready to rise up together to resist him. At this time, the Blood Killing Sect is here, and we naturally feel more confident. You don’t know the strength of the Blood Killing Sect at all. The Dragon King’s strongest clone can’t even take a move from the sect leader. He still has How dare you say that he can deal with the Blood Killing Sect, he is really a bit desperate."

Xiangshan snorted coldly and said: "Can the clone be compared with the Dragon King's true body? Fortunately, you are also a master in Bafang, and you can say such a thing. Lord Dragon King has no plans. He has already thought that you will Come here to the Dark Trench, so he first sent the Whale Clan to intercept you, but those guys from the Whale Clan have never listened to the orders of Lord Dragon King, so he sent us here to take care of the Turtle Clan first. Unexpectedly, , As expected, the Whale Tribe people didn’t stop you and just let you come over. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have been able to get here so quickly. You, the powerful fighting races in the past, are indeed unreliable. You are still loyal to the old man Jiu Ling. traitor."

"Xiang Shan, you can also say this. When Master Jiuling was still Prime Minister, he said so many good things to your Walrus clan. How many times did your Walrus clan almost give up to the Dragon King because of insufficient offerings? The punishment was ordered. It was Lord Jiuling who spoke for you and exempted you from punishment. I didn’t expect that you would be so ungrateful. You are still calling him a traitor. Don’t you know what he did back then? You guys are so ungrateful. Did those shrimps eat up the conscience of the Walrus clan?" Bafang suddenly asked sharply.

When Xiangshan heard what Bafang said, he couldn't help but snorted: "Bafang, stop talking about useless things. That was before. Even if he said a few nice words to us, it was nothing to him. Yes, but what he is doing now threatens our entire Sea Clan and the Dragon King. This is not a traitor, so what is wrong with me in dealing with him."

Bafang looked at Xiangshan and suddenly smiled coldly: "So, you must deal with us?" Bafang really didn't expect that Xiangshan would say this. As he said, Old Jiuling didn't Shao helped the Walrus clan, but he didn't expect that what he got in the end was such a result, which made Bafang feel very angry.

Xiang Shan laughed loudly and said: "What? Do you think that with so many of us, we can't deal with the two of you? I admit that Lord Jiuling is very strong, but we, the Walrus clan, are not vegetarians. Today, our Walrus clan All the masters are here, and I want to see if you two can block the attacks of our Walrus clan."

"Who told you that they are two people? Don't you know that they have now joined the Blood Killing Sect?" A voice suddenly came from behind Bafang. Bafang was startled, turned around and found that there was a man behind him. Behind you, many strange fish have appeared. Each of these strange fish has the body of a fish, but the tail is very weird, very long and very flexible. At the same time, they actually have four legs, and the two forelimbs are even weirder. , the left forelimb looks like the forelimb of a mantis shrimp, while the right forelimb looks like the large claw of a crab, which is indescribably weird. But their eyes were full of murderous intent, but at the same time, their eyes were very cold. That kind of indifference made Xiangshan feel chilled after just one glance.