c7606 giant

The whale tribe is a very special race in the sea. Their water magic is actually not very good. The whale tribe relies on the same thing to fight, which is strength. Their defense is not as good as the turtle tribe, but their strength, But they are the crown of the sea, and among all the creatures in the sea, no one can compare with them in strength.

Lan Zhuangfei is the leader of the Whale Clan, and his power is naturally extremely powerful. He is now going to attack Zhao Hai with all his strength, so he is also slowly accumulating strength. The reason why he told Zhao Hai before If he said that much, he was accumulating his own strength. Now that he had accumulated his strength, he would naturally attack Zhao Hai.

Lan Zhuangfei looked at Zhao Hai and said coldly: "Okay, then today I will let you know how powerful our whale clan members are." After saying this, he slapped his tail fiercely and rushed forward. , rushed out towards Zhao Hai, almost in the blink of an eye, Lan Zhuangfei had rushed in front of Zhao Hai, a huge head, hit Zhao Hai directly, just as he rushed over In an instant, the seawater where he passed seemed to be washed away and moved to both sides. At that moment, a vacuum appeared in the seawater, which showed how fast he was.

Zhao Hai looked at Lan Zhuangfei who was rushing over, smiled slightly, and then shouted loudly. The next moment, his body suddenly became taller and larger, and in the blink of an eye, he turned into a giant with a height of 1,000 meters. Then the giant punched He clenched his fist and punched out. All of this was done in an instant. Before Jiuling Lao and Bafang even understood what was going on, Zhao Hai had already turned into a giant.

boom! There was a huge explosion, as if a nuclear bomb had detonated in the sea. The sound came from the direction where Zhao Hai's fist intersected with Lan Zhuangfei's head. Then he saw the giant transformed by Zhao Hai. His body swayed, but he did not retreat. He just swayed for a moment and stood firmly there. However, his feet immediately fell into the sea water. Obviously, Zhao Hai also suffered from this blow. Not small.

But Lan Zhuangfei looked extremely embarrassed. His figure stopped there for a moment, and then his head raised up, and his whole huge body flew directly into the sky. Jiuling As soon as Lao He Bafang saw this situation, he immediately understood that although Zhao Hai's punch looked like a straight punch, it actually had an upward force, just like an uppercut, so Lan Zhuangfei Then it flew into the sky.

Although Zhao Hai's body is very huge, it is still far behind Lan Zhuangfei's. Lan Zhuangfei's current body is about ten thousand miles long, while Zhao Hai's current body is only a thousand miles long at most. About 3 meters, this is like the difference between an ant and an elephant, but now, this ant punched the elephant and sent it flying away. This made people feel shocked. They really didn't expect that, Zhao Hai's strength is actually so strong.

Seeing Lan Zhuangfei fly up immediately, Zhao Hai's figure also shrank rapidly, and in a blink of an eye he became normal size. Then he looked at Lan Zhuangfei who had stopped and couldn't help but click. He nodded and said: "Not bad. It's really good. It's very powerful. Hahahaha. It's a good material."

At this time, Lan Zhuangfei's body had slowly fallen down, but Jiuling Lao and Bafang were both old Jianghu. They could tell at a glance that Lan Zhuangfei seemed to have completely lost his body now. He is conscious, and although he is falling now, he is not controlling his body, but is falling completely unconsciously, just like a huge stone.

The two of them couldn't help but glance at each other, and then a look of fear appeared on their faces. Both of them knew Lan Zhuangfei's strength. Lan Zhuangfei thought that here in Shenlonghai Kingdom, he might Called the second master, the first master is the Dragon King, and he is the second master. In fact, both Bafang and Jiuling Lao recognize this. In the eyes of both of them, Lan Zhuangfei's strength can definitely be called the second master. He must be the second master, because even if Jiuling Lao is compared with him, there is still a gap in strength. Although the gap is not very big, if the two of them really fight to the death, Jiuling Lao He will definitely not die, but he will be injured. Although Lan Zhuangfei will also be injured, the injury will be very minor.

It is precisely because of this that there is no problem for Lan Zhuangfei to be called the second master of Shenlonghai Kingdom. But such a master, who in their opinion could be called the second master of the Shenlonghai Kingdom, was knocked unconscious by Zhao Hai with one punch. How could they not be surprised?

What surprised them the most was actually the method Zhao Hai used this time. Whether Zhao Hai was fighting against Jiuling Lao, dealing with the Swordfish Clan people, or dealing with the Whale Clan people, he They have always used a method similar to martial arts, and this method is more technical, so they have never thought about how strong Zhao Hai's power will be. Even the old Jiu Ling The time when he collided with Zhao Hai and was blocked by Zhao Hai, after Jiuling Lao knew that the Blood Killing Sect had an external incarnation, he had already determined that it might be the result of the external incarnation and not how powerful Zhao Hai was. Strong.

But this time, when Old Jiuling saw Zhao Hai transform into a thousand-meter-tall giant and knocked out Lan Zhuangfei with one punch, he already understood that Zhao Hai was also very powerful. It's very scary, and this only shows how scary Zhao Hai is.

Such a powerful force, coupled with such a powerful way to use skills, makes Zhao Hai much stronger than they imagined. So now the two of them have made a new estimate of Zhao Hai's strength. They can Certainly, the two of them together would not be enough for Zhao Hai to deal with him in one move.

As soon as Zhao Hai moved, he was already in front of Lan Zhuangfei and glanced at Lan Zhuangfei. Mr. Jiuling and Bafang didn't know how much force he used in his punch, nor did they know what happened with his punch. However, Zhao Hai knew very well that Zhao Hai's punch had already used all his strength, and that punch also used countless forces. At that moment, these forces were struck by him with a penetrating force. It penetrated into Lan Zhuangfei's body. It can be said that Lan Zhuangfei's body seems to be intact now, but his brain has been smashed by Zhao Hai's punch. Lan Zhuangfei did not faint, but died. .

After confirming that Lan Zhuangfei was indeed dead, Zhao Hai simply waved his hand and collected Lan Zhuangfei's body. He still had use for this body, so naturally it couldn't be wasted. Then he looked at the corpses that were still alive. He couldn't help but smile at the whales who were pressed to the ground with the runes of heaven and earth. Then he waved his hand, and the next moment all the whales turned into blood mist, and then turned into pieces of blood crystals. fell into his hands.

After taking the blood crystal in his hand, Zhao Hai turned to look at Jiuling Lao and Bafang, and then said in a deep voice: "If you want to see the Turtle Clan, just go and see them. You don't have to worry about things here. Zong I will also notify the door, you go." Zhao Hai knew that Jiuling Lao just wanted to go back and see his clansmen, and his clansmen really needed to go and see them. After all, he also learned from what Jiuling Lao and Bafang said I could tell that Jiuling Lao's clan members were suffering, and they really needed to take a good look.

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what Zhao Hai said, they all responded, and then saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai nodded, and then disappeared directly. After Zhao Hai left, Jiuling Lao and Bafang breathed a sigh of relief. They took a look around and found that there seemed to be no changes in the surroundings. It was as if nothing had happened before. Even the whale clan members looked at it. Not even a drop of blood could be seen.

But the two of them knew very well that the whale clan was finished, and all the masters of their clan had gathered here, but what happened in the end? But they were all wiped out by Zhao Hai, so the Whale Clan is finished. Not to mention that Shenlong Hai Kingdom is no match for Zhao Hai. Even if Shenlong Hai Kingdom can fight back the Blood Killing Sect, the Whale Clan people will also suffer from the loss. He defeated all the masters and has been depressed ever since.

But the current situation is that Shenlong Haiguo is no match for the Blood Killing Sect and will only be wiped out by the Blood Killing Sect. Although there are still some members of the Whale Clan, they should all be old and weak. The Blood Killing Sect's method would probably not be polite when faced with the old and weak members of the Whale Clan, so it was almost certain that the Whale Clan would be exterminated.

In the Shenlonghai Kingdom, an extremely powerful race was exterminated right in front of their eyes. How could they not be shocked by such a method? So the two of them really had mixed feelings in their hearts now. They didn't know what to say. They suddenly discovered that the strength of the Blood Killing Sect was much stronger than they imagined. Zhao Hai's strength was even more powerful than they imagined. They didn't know how many times stronger they were before. My estimates were all wrong.

After a while, Old Jiuling sighed softly and said: "Let's go and see how the Turtle Clan is doing. This time we must let the Turtle Clan join the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise the Turtle Clan will be finished. Anyway, we are now He is also a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. The stronger the sect becomes, the greater the benefits will be to us, so let’s go.”

Bafang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, we are all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now. The stronger the Blood Killing Sect, the safer we are. This is a good thing, that's all, don't think about this anymore. , let’s go and see what the Turtle Clan is saying first. As long as the Turtle Clan can join the sect, we will have fewer enemies.”

"They must join the sect. Do they have any other choice? Although I haven't returned to the Turtle Clan for so many years, I am still the leader of the Turtle Clan. If someone dares not to listen to me, then don't blame me. You're welcome." As soon as Jiuling Lao heard Bafang's words, he immediately said, with a hint of domineering in his words.

He does have the ability to speak like this. He is the leader of the Turtle Clan and has always been the leader of the Turtle Clan. When he was in glory, the Turtle Clan naturally suffered from countless villains. When he was chased by the Dragon King, the Turtle Clan also He has been implicated a bit, but he is still the leader of the Turtle Clan. If any Turtle Clan dares not to listen to him, then he will not be polite.