c7608 Turtle Breath Technique

As a superior person, Old Jiuling still has this in the city. He also knows very well that at this time, he cannot show too much worry, because he can't change the mission if he is worried. , The Turtle Clan has been living here for many years. No matter what happens to them, it has already happened. He has no way to change anything, so he might as well be like this.

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "There is nothing we can do about it. We are born with blue light. He tells others our identity and tells others that we are very dangerous. , but at the same time, we also tell others that we are here, and it will be easier for others to deal with us."

Jiuling Lao said with a smile: "This is also a manifestation of strength. In the sea, there are not many people who really dare to offend your blue-light octopus clan, right? In any case, this is the symbol of your blue-light octopus clan. In the entire Sea Clan, there is a sign that no one dares to underestimate."

Bafang nodded, and he agreed with this. Among the sea tribe, there were few people who did not recognize the symbol of their blue-light octopus clan. It was precisely because of this symbol that many people from the blue-light octopus clan were People attack and die, but more often than not, this sign tells others about their identity, so that ordinary sea people dare not touch them because they are afraid of the revenge of the Blue Light Octopus Clan.

Although the speed of the two people slowed down, they did not slow down much. They walked all the way into the trench. Soon they reached the edge of the trench, but the entire trench was still quiet. There was no sound, which surprised both of them.

This trench is really big. With the weak light they have now, they can't see clearly how deep the trench is. It's even more unclear how deep the trench is. They can only feel that it is dark, and this The temperature in the trench was even horribly low. After staying at the edge of the trench for a few breaths, the two of them already felt waves of chills on their bodies, as if there was endless cold air coming up from the trench. .

After taking a look at Haitou, Elder Jiuling let out a long breath and said: "With this temperature, it is difficult for us Turtle Clan people to survive here, but no matter what, I must see the Turtle Clan people alive. People must see their corpses when they die." Elder Jiuling felt guilty towards the Turtle Clan, because it was because of him that the Turtle Clan became what it is today.

Bafang nodded, and then he said: "Sir, we can use the external avatar to form a protective layer outside our bodies, and at the same time let the magic circle in the external avatar provide us with heat, so we don't have to worry about anything. , and we only need to give orders to the light brain in the external incarnation, and we don’t have to choose the magic circle ourselves."

Jiulinglao was stunned for a moment, then he couldn't help but patted his head and said: "Look at my head, I have completely forgotten this matter, so that's it." After saying this, he thought, and immediately the silver The liquid flowed all over his body, forming a layer of soft armor on the outside of his body. This soft armor was still warm and could provide him with enough heat, which made Old Jiuling feel better. got up.

After realizing his situation, Elder Jiuling couldn't help laughing and said: "This thing is really good. With this thing, we can fight in almost any environment. This is really amazing. I dare say, This is the most amazing invention of the Blood Killing Sect, hahahaha."

Bafang also smiled and said: "Yes, these inventions of the Blood Killing Sect are really amazing. This incarnation is one, and the real illusion is one. With that real illusion, we can do anything. It’s been tested and can even be used for actual combat training, real combat, which is really amazing.”

Old Jiuling nodded, then he glanced around, and then said in a deep voice: "I think we two should not act separately, but together, so that if we encounter any unexpected situation, we can also have mutual support. Just take care of me, let’s go, I believe that as long as there are still Turtle Clan members alive, we will definitely encounter them.”

Bafang nodded, and the two of them began to walk slowly along the edge of the dark trench. If they wanted to find the Turtle Clan, they had to use this method, because when Jiuling Lao wanted to come, even the Turtle Clan Even if they are alive, I'm afraid there won't be many people left, so they have to look carefully.

Time passed little by little, and the two of them walked forward faster and faster, because they had radar. If there really were Turtle Clan people, they would be able to find it through radar, so their speed also became faster and faster. It's coming faster and faster, and Old Jiuling's heart is sinking more and more, because they haven't met a Turtle Clan member yet.

After walking forward for several hours, the two of them still didn't meet a single Turtle Clan member. Bafang wanted to comfort Elder Jiu Ling several times, but in the end he didn't say anything because it was useless to say anything now. The fact is there, Bafang can't see Old Jiuling's face now, but he believes that if he can see Old Jiuling's face, then Old Jiuling's face will be frighteningly dark.

At this moment of entry, Old Jiuling, who had been moving forward, suddenly stopped. This made Bafang stunned. He immediately paid attention to his radar array. He also carried a radar array with him, and he The same thing happened, so if Old Jiuling discovered anything, he would definitely find something. Bafang thought that Old Jiuling had discovered something, and he also looked at his radar array to see if he had discovered anything, but this time Look, he is disappointed, because so far, he has not found anything.

Bafang looked at Old Jiuling with some confusion, but found that Old Jiuling was looking thoughtful now. At this moment, Old Jiuling suddenly said: "No, we seem to have overlooked something. We must have ignored something." There is something important that we have not thought of. Even if the Turtle Clan will be affected by low temperature, there are many masters among our Turtle Clan. It is impossible that none of them are alive. This is not right, it is not weird. ”

Bafang was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood. Yes, the Turtle Clan is also a strong fighting race in the Sea Clan. There are a lot of masters. Even if a Turtle Clan dies, there will definitely be others alive. Even if Even if they are all dead, there will be corpses of the Turtle Clan left behind. You must know that there are no other Sea Clan here who will not eat the corpses of the Turtle Clan. Their radar will definitely be able to detect the corpses of the Turtle Clan.

But the current situation is not like that. Here they have not discovered even a single Turtle Clan, not even a Turtle Clan corpse. This is something wrong. If the Turtle Clan is really so easy to wipe out, , then the Turtle Clan would no longer be called a powerful warrior race in the sea. None of the powerful warrior races in the sea is easy to deal with.

Old Jiuling was still thinking at this time. He always felt that there seemed to be something that he had overlooked, but what was it? This made him a little puzzled. After a while, he suddenly said: "By the way, I remembered, the Turtle Breath Technique, yes, it is the Turtle Breath Technique. Hahahaha, if there are really smart people in the Turtle Tribe, they will use the Turtle Breath Technique." If it’s magic, then all of my Turtle tribe members may still be alive now, it must be like this, it must be like this.”

When Bafang heard Elder Jiuling talking about the Turtle Breath Technique, he was stunned for a moment, but then he suddenly realized that it was the Turtle Breath Technique. There is nothing special about the innate abilities of the tribesmen. There is only one ability in this technique, which is to make the turtle tribe enter a state of suspended animation. In this state, the turtle tribe members are almost dead. Their blood will stop flowing, there will be no breathing, no heartbeat, and no breath of life in their bodies. The whole person will be like a stone and will become a dead thing.

This Turtle Breathing Technique has many uses. One is to restore one's own injuries. Although they are in a state of suspended animation, their body functions are actually still running slowly, but at a very slow speed. If If they are seriously injured, they can use the Turtle Breath Technique to slowly recover. Although the recovery speed will be very slow, it will not be life-threatening, and as long as they are given enough time, they will be able to recover sooner or later.

The second is that if they are in an extreme environment, Turtle Breath Technique can also save their lives. For example, in an environment like the Dark Trench, they can use Turtle Breath Technique to enter a state of suspended animation to save themselves. Under the state of Turtle Breath Technique, even if the turtle clan's entire body is frozen by ice, they will not be in any danger. As long as they return to an environment suitable for their survival, they can Come to life at once.

If the Turtle Clan people found a place to hide and then used the Turtle Breathing Technique, then they might still be alive, or even all of them alive, and none of them died. What they have to do now is to find these Turtle Clan people. Thinking of this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but become even more excited. He immediately turned around and looked around, and then said to Bafang: "If the turtle tribe really used the turtle breath technique, then they must be hiding under the trench. We dug a big hole under the trench, then hid from the attack, and sealed the entrance of the hole so that they wouldn't be in any danger. Let's go down and have a look."

Bafang nodded. In fact, he knew very well that there were no large sea tribes in the Dark Trench. In other words, they didn't have to worry about being attacked here. The most dangerous thing here was the ones here. Environment, the sea people are all cold-blooded, so they need to live in warm seas to live better. The environment in the dark sea is actually very deadly to any kind of sea people. Now he and Jiuling Lao all carries external avatars on his body. The magic circles in these external avatars can remind them of enough heat. They don't have to worry about the cold here, so they can live a good life here. So here, It can be said that they are not in any danger, and precisely because of this, Bafang has no objection at all to Jiuling Lao's proposal.