c7602 Persuading

After being silent for a while, Lan Zhuangfei finally said: "No matter what the reason is, you surrendered to the Blood Killing Sect and are still helping the Blood Killing Sect to deal with our Shenlonghai Kingdom. There is nothing wrong with this, right? Jiuling Sir, no matter what your reasons are, once you really let our Shenlonghai Kingdom merge into the Blood Killing Sect, then the Shenlonghai Kingdom will no longer exist, right? Isn’t this a betrayal of the Shenlonghai Kingdom? ?”

When Jiuling Lao heard what Lan Zhuangfei said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then he couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he looked at Lan Zhuangfei and said: "Chief Lan, I really don't want to talk to you about this matter anymore. You haven’t seen the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. I can tell you clearly that the Blood Killing Sect is not something we can deal with. I am doing this now just to save the lives of Shenlonghai Kingdom’s people. In order to save Shenlong The inheritance of the Sea Kingdom can be passed on forever. I don’t think I am betraying the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, I just think that I am saving the Shenlong Sea Kingdom.”

Lan Zhuangfei looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance and said in a deep voice: "Lord Jiuling, the Blood Killing Sect is good. That is the Blood Killing Sect. They are not the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. Can you guarantee that our people from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom will join us?" After the Blood Killing Sect, will our life be better than now? Will the people of Shenlonghai Kingdom always treat us well? Can you guarantee it?"

Old Jiuling looked at Lan Zhuangfei and said in a deep voice: "I can guarantee that there are three big clans that have joined the Blood Killing Sect. One is the Blue Light Octopus clan. They originally lived in Precious Pearl. After they joined the Blood Killing Sect, After killing the clan, they were reassigned to a city. This city was just like Pearl City. Although it was not made of pearl oysters, its layout and size were almost the same as Pearl City. The Swordfish Clan and the Sailfish Clan were also After surrendering to the Blood Killing Sect, the sect leader directly gave them a coral city. Although this coral city was built the same as the Coral City of the Swordfish Clan, it was large enough for the people of the Swordfish Clan. We all live there, we get the same treatment as other Blood Killing Sect disciples, and our inheritance is preserved. Isn’t that enough? Chief Lan, I really don’t understand, what exactly are you insisting on?”

When Lan Zhuangfei heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he looked at Elder Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "Lord Jiuling, did the people of the Blood Killing Sect really do that? Did he really put the two men together?" Did they just give it to us right away? Didn’t they have any precautions against us?"

Old Jiuling looked at Lan Zhuangfei, smiled bitterly and said: "Chief Lan, do you know how I joined the Blood Killing Sect? When I met the sect leader, he made a bet with me. He asked me to use ten attacks. , as long as I can make him move three feet, I will win. If I win, he will let me go. If I lose, I will join the Blood Killing Sect. As a result, I used five moves against the sect leader at that time. These five moves can I said it was all I could do, but the sect master stood there without moving. I really didn’t have the courage or ability to use the next five moves, so I gave up and finally added blood. Shazong, Chief Lan, do you think that with the strength of the clan leader, he needs to worry about us? Do you think you, the Whale Clan, can withstand the clan master’s attack? It’s not just you, do you think the Dragon King can withstand the clan master’s attack? ?"

Having said this, Old Jiuling paused for a moment, and then said: "The last time we persuaded the Sailfish clan to surrender, the Dragon King took action himself. He used the technique of resurrecting a corpse and melted the bones of a sea snake into his body. But in the end, he still couldn't catch even one of the sect master's moves. At that time, Tu Ying also took out something like a scale, saying that it was given to him by the Dragon King and asked him to take it with him when he practiced. On his body, he really believed it at first and really carried it with him, but then he got a pure crystal ball. The pure crystal ball directly swallowed the scales. Only then did he realize that the scales It is not a good thing at all. It is precisely because of this that the Sailfish clan will join the Blood Killing Sect. Chief Lan, the current Shenlonghai Kingdom is no longer the original Shenlonghai Kingdom, and the current Dragon King is no longer the same. The original Dragon King."

When Lan Zhuangfei heard what Mr. Jiuling said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then his face couldn't help but change. Then he said, "You mean, the Dragon King wants to use some special methods to control the swordfish clan?" Lan Zhuangfei couldn't help but change. Fei was really surprised. He didn't expect that such a thing would happen, that the Dragon King would do this.

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly, and then said: "I just joined the Blood Killing Sect, and I knew that the reason why the Blood Killing Sect appeared here is to hunt down a force of law, a force of law with its own consciousness. They call this power of law the power of the law of the shadow clan. This power of the law of the shadow clan is very powerful. It can silently affect a person's sanity and even change a person's mind. Body, the consciousness that the people of the Blood Killing Sect are chasing has entered the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Coupled with the Dragon King's completely different performances from before, this is enough to show that he has been given the power of the Shadow Clan's law. Total control."

When Elder Jiuling said this, the smile on his face became even bitterer, and he continued: "I had some doubts about these words before, but judging from some of the information we have now, these words are definitely true. Really, the Dragon King may really be controlled. This is what I am most worried about. If we do not surrender to the Blood Killing Sect and do not work with the Blood Killing Sect to deal with the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, then the final result will be, We may all be killed, and even if we repel the Blood Killing Sect, the final result may be that we are all controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws and become slaves of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws."

Lan Zhuangfei had been listening to Jiuling's words quietly for a while before he said, "I don't even know if the power of the Shadow Clan's laws exists now. How can I believe your words?" Obviously, Lan Zhuangfei was still suspicious of Jiuling Lao. After all, he had never known anything about the power of the Shadow Clan's laws before.

When Old Jiuling heard what Lan Zhuangfei said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he looked at Lan Zhuangfei and said, "Chief Lan, you haven't figured out one thing yet, that is, I am helping you now. You Do you understand? I am helping you, not you helping me. Whether you join the Blood Killing Sect or not join the Blood Killing Sect, it is impossible to stop the Blood Killing Sect’s attack. There are six hundred Blood Killing Sect disciples. Yi, are you still afraid of your Whale Clan? There are already six interfaces conquered by them. Will he be blocked by your Whale Clan? I tell you, it's impossible. You might as well join the Blood Killing Sect. , it doesn’t matter if you don’t join the Blood Killing Sect, the Blood Killing Sect will move forward all the way, and finally merge the entire Shenlong Sea Kingdom into the Blood Killing Sect. But if you join the Blood Killing Sect, then you Whale Clan members will You will survive, and the inheritance of your Whale Clan will continue to be passed on. If you don’t join the Blood Killing Sect, then you will die, and the Blood Killing Sect will still destroy the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Chief Lan, I say That's all, it's up to you what choice you make, I won't say anything more." After saying that, Old Jiuling hugged Lan Zhuangfei's fist and stopped talking.

Lan Zhuangfei was stunned by Jiuling Lao's current reaction, and then he couldn't help but frown. He glanced at Jiu Ling Lao, slowly closed his eyes, and thought quietly, And everyone's eyes were focused on him. To be honest, Jiuling always really didn't want anything to happen to the Whale Clan. The Whale Clan was a relatively gentle race. They rarely attacked anyone on their own initiative, despite their strength. They are powerful, but their reputation in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom is very good. They are much stronger than the Shark Clan. This is why Old Jiuling does not want Lan Zhuangfei to go against the Blood Killing Sect. The Killing Clan was so good. He knew that the Whale Clan could not be the Blood Killing Clan's opponent. If the Whale Clan did not surrender, the Blood Killing Clan would not show mercy.

Now, it depends on Lan Zhuangfei's choice. If he chooses not to surrender, then Jiuling Lao really has something to do. He has already done what he should do and what he should say. He said that if this happened and the Whale Clan still didn't surrender, then he would have no choice but to let them go.

After a while, Lan Zhuangfei opened his eyes. Then he glanced at Jiuling Lao, and then turned his eyes to Bafang. He looked at Bafang and said: "Clan Chief Bafang, you have now joined the Blood Killing Sect. I don’t know why you are still running around, does the Blood Killing Sect pay so little attention to you, the Blue Light Octopus clan?”

Bafang and Jiuling Lao were both stunned when he asked this question, but then Bafang became angry. He looked at Lan Zhuangfei's appearance and snorted coldly: "Lan Zhuangfei, you take yourself too seriously. Damn, you take the Whale Clan too seriously. You Whale Clan can’t rule the roost in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. What qualifications do you have to dictate? Let me tell you, the Blood Killing Sect really doesn’t lack you. In this way, if you want to surrender, then surrender. If you don't surrender, then you will have to wait for the war. Do you really think that we are afraid of you, so we came to persuade you to surrender? We are saving you. If you don't want to surrender, That's up to you. Lord Jiuling has said so much sincerely, but what about you? You are still doubting this and that. Do you really think that your whale clan is invincible? I won't say anything else. Just talking about our Blue Light Octopus Clan, our Blue Light Octopus Clan’s strength may indeed be a little worse than yours, but when you add Lord Jiuling, the Swordfish Clan, and the Sailfish Clan, you Do you really think that you, the Whale Clan, will definitely be able to defeat us? We alone can take care of you without the help of other members of the Blood Killing Sect. What else is so awesome about you? Do you think you are strong? His strength is on par with Lord Jiuling. Lord Jiuling made five moves, but the sect leader took them without even moving. How many moves do you think you can block from the sect leader? Lan Zhuangfei, let me tell you, you are precious If you are self-aware, have you been the leader of the Whale Clan for so long that you have become stupid? Do you really think you are invincible? Okay, I won’t waste any more words on you. If you agree to surrender, then you will I didn't say anything. If you don't surrender, you can give the order now to deal with me and Lord Jiuling, or let us go, and then you can just wait here to die. What you want to do is up to you, we all He’s from the Hai Clan, so he should be a little less narrow-minded.”