c7603 Show up

Compared to Jiuling Laolai, Bafang's words were very rude. He had long disliked these whale tribesmen. From the moment they met Lan Zhuangfei until now, the whale tribesmen have always treated him with a condescending attitude. When talking to them, it seemed that he didn't take them both seriously at all, which made Bafang feel suffocated all the time.

You must know that Bafang is the leader of the Blue-Light Octopus Clan. Even though the Blue-Light Octopus Clan is not as powerful as the Whale Clan, they are not nameless people. Even if they do not meet on such occasions, he usually calls him the Blue-Light Octopus Clan. As the leader of the clan, he goes to the Whale Clan to meet him. The Whale Clan must also treat them reasonably, but what about now? How could he not be angry that the Whale Clan would behave like this? You must know that he represents not only himself, but also the Blue-Light Octopus Clan. If the Blue-Light Octopus Clan is laughed at because of this matter, then it is his fault. But it’s big.

And the identity of Jiuling Lao is even more unusual. Jiuling Lao was the prime minister of the original Shenlonghai Kingdom. During the years when he was the prime minister, all the tribes in the Shenlonghai Kingdom received his favor, including the Whale Clan. Although the Whales The clan did not have much contact with Elder Jiuling, but Elder Jiuling did help them. In addition, Elder Jiuling was the prime minister of the Shenlonghai Kingdom and the leader of the Turtle Clan. His identity was very powerful. Here, Under such circumstances, when he comes to the Whale Clan, the Whale Clan people should treat him more politely.

But now if you look at the reaction of the Whale Tribe people, it seems that he and Jiuling are always homeless and have nowhere to go, so they are begging for help. Such a reaction makes Bafang not angry. In Bafang's view, These whale tribesmen are really too much, and they take themselves too seriously. When Mr. Jiu Ling was talking to Lan Zhuangfei, he was already suffocating. It was just that when he spoke The man was Old Jiuling, so he gave the Whale Clan people a face. Now Lan Zhuangfei asked him again, and in a questioning tone, which made the fire in Bafang's belly boil out. He got up, so he was not polite and fought back directly. At the same time, he was also ready to fight.

Elder Jiuling did not expect that Bafang would say this, so when Bafang said it, he did not have time to stop him. When Bafang finished speaking, Elder Jiuling also smiled bitterly, but he did not mean to reprimand Bafang. In fact, He is also very angry now. If he hadn't been the prime minister for many years and was very good at cultivating qi, he would have retorted a long time ago. Now that everyone has said this, what else can he say.

Lan Zhuangfei was stunned for a moment by Bafang, but then a smile appeared on his face. He looked at Bafang and said, "Forgive me, Bafang Clan Leader. It's your old attitude that is the problem, but you are also the leader of the clan. Then you should also understand that this matter is related to the happiness and sorrow of the whole family, I cannot take it lightly, so I am a little too cautious, please forgive me."

Seeing Lan Zhuangfei's attitude, Bafang did not press forward, but snorted. Then he saluted Lan Zhuangfei and said: "Chief Lan, what I said may not sound nice, but you should also know that I I mean, you are not the only one who is the clan leader, I am also a clan leader, Master Jiuling is also a clan leader. This time Master Jiuling is going to the Dark Trench because he wants to bring the Turtle Clan to the Blood Killing Sect, and We, the Blue Light Octopus clan, have all joined the Blood Killing Sect. Are we not careful? Do we just want to let our clan leader jump into the fire pit? Lord Jiuling and I will meet you, Jiuling Your Excellency has always been very polite to you. Why? Is it because Master Jiuling is afraid of you? No, it’s because we are all from the Hai tribe. He doesn’t want you to go to a dead end. Master Jiuling wants you to join the Blood Killing Sect. , when the number of us Hai tribe members in the Blood Killing Sect becomes larger and our strength becomes stronger, we will have a greater say in the Blood Killing Sect, and our lives will be better. Otherwise, he will waste that money. What are you doing with your strength? The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are already gearing up. They haven’t fought for a long time. They want to fight and are eager to fight. If it weren’t for you, he wouldn’t have to do this. Let the Blood Killing Sect The disciples of the sect can just come over and there won’t be any trouble at all. Chief Lan, please understand Lord Jiuling’s painstaking efforts.”

Lan Zhuangfei nodded, then he glanced at Mr. Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "Master Jiuling, I am being rude, but I have something unclear. Please answer me truthfully. I don't know if that's okay." Lan Zhuangfei nodded. After Zhuang Fei said this, he looked at Old Jiu Ling with fixed eyes, as if waiting for Old Jiu Ling's answer.

Jiuling Lao cupped his fist at him and said, "Clan Chief Lan, it's okay." Lao Jiu Ling felt that although Lan Zhuangfei was too cautious, it was still good to be more careful about this kind of thing, so even though he was angry before, But he still endured it. Now it seems that Lan Zhuangfei's attitude is a little better. The fire of hope in his heart can't help but rise. If Lan Zhuangfei can really lead the whale clan to surrender, That's all easy to say.

Lan Zhuangfei looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance and said in a deep voice: "Why are Lord Jiuling and Bafang Clan Chief, one soft and one hard, one soft and one hard, both soft and hard, talking to Xiang and me? Are the two of them under any threat? ? If that's the case, please tell me, I will never embarrass you."

As soon as they heard what Lan Zhuangfei said, Jiuling Lao and Bafang were both stunned. It took a while for the two of them to react. The fire in Jiuling Lao's heart suddenly burst into flames, and Bafang was even more angry. He almost cursed, and then Old Jiuling turned to look at Bafang, who also looked at Old Jiuling, and then Old Jiuling turned to look at Lan Zhuangfei and said: "So, Chief Lan, yes Are you really not ready to surrender to the Blood Killing Sect? But what does this mean?"

"Hahahaha!" Lan Zhuang burst into laughter. He looked at Jiuling and said, "Lord Jiuling, I used to respect you as a person, but now, you have lost your backbone. You have nothing to do with anything." No, that's all, you don't have to say anything anymore. After five moves, the opponent didn't even move. I still know the strength of your Jiuling Lao. With your strength, even the Dragon King doesn't dare to underestimate you. , when facing the Dragon King, even the Nine Kings dare not say that he can stand there and receive all your five moves without moving. Is the strength of the leader of the Blood Killing Sect even stronger than the Dragon King? Hahaha, really It’s funny. Could it be that the leader of the Blood Killing Sect is a god or demon? We, the Whale Clan, are members of the Sea Clan. We will always be loyal to Lord Dragon King and the Sea Clan. We are different from you weaklings. It is impossible for us to surrender. It will never be possible. We will stay here. I really want to see if the people from the Blood Killing Clan dare to attack us. Don’t think that we are afraid of you just because some of your clans have surrendered. I want you to know that here In the sea, our whale clan is the most powerful race."

Jiuling Lao and Bafang looked at Lan Zhuangfei's appearance. Both of their faces were livid. It took them a while to recover. Then Jiuling Lao burst into laughter and started to laugh. Then Lan Zhuangfei also followed suit. They laughed, and it took a while for the two of them to stop. Then Jiuling Lao turned to Bafang and said, "Bafang, I realize now that some people really take themselves too seriously. , are too arrogant, they don’t even know that there are people outside the world, and there is a sky outside the world. Lord Dragon King is very powerful in this world. That’s because the people in this world are all born because of Lord Dragon King. How could he let people in this world be stronger than him? But these people actually think that everyone is inferior to the Dragon King. It’s really awesome. Lan Zhuangfei, you will do it for you I regret today’s decision. It’s so sad that the Whale Clan has a leader like you.”

Lan Zhuangfei couldn't help but snorted coldly when he looked at Jiuling Lao and Bafang. When he said those words before, his face was flushed, as if he was very excited, and his whole person seemed to be dozens of years younger at once. He was as young as 20 years old, and even now, the color on his face has not completely receded, which made him look very energetic. His eyes were shining brightly and he said: "Jiu Ling, I warned you before when you were the prime minister of Shenlonghai Kingdom. I have done a lot of things for Shenlonghai Kingdom, so I have always treated you with courtesy. If you dare to talk nonsense here, then don't blame me for being rude." His voice couldn't help but become a little harsh, and then At the sound of his voice, all the whale tribes around him glared at Jiu Linglao and Bafang.

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang saw this situation, not only were they not afraid, but they laughed. After a while, Elder Jiuling finally said: "For so many years, you Whale Clan have not been very fond of the Dragon King. Respect, when the Dragon King's order comes to you, you can listen if you are willing to listen, and if you don't want to listen, don't listen. However, because your strength is not weak, the Dragon King does not want to deal with you, a strong fighting race, so he has been tolerating you. This was true even when I was Prime Minister. It has always been this way, so you have developed this arrogant and arrogant character. You think that no one in the world can offend you. You think that, except for the Dragon King, , your clan is invincible in the world. What a joke. Lan Zhuangfei, let me put my words here. If you really dare to take action, your whale clan will wait to be exterminated. I, the old man Jiuling, have also gone through countless battles in my life. I even faced the Dragon King directly. I am still alive today. Even if you whale people want to deal with me today, you may not be able to keep me here, but I will make you pay a heavy price. Come on, you stop here Aren’t you waiting for me here? What are you waiting for? Come on, I’m waiting for you, so come here.”

When Lan Zhuangfei heard what Mr. Jiuling said, a trace of murderous intent flashed across his eyes. He looked at Mr. Jiuling and snorted coldly: "Jiuling, it seems that you are seeking death. I really want to see how strong your Jiu Ling is. Come on, kill them." As soon as he finished speaking, the giant whales around him started to move, and each one was ready to pounce on Jiu Ling. Lao and Bafang were torn to pieces.

Just when Jiuling Lao and Bafang were about to transform into their own bodies and fight against the whale clan, a figure suddenly and silently appeared in front of them. When the two of them saw this figure, they were both stunned. , but then everyone paid homage to this figure: "Old Jiuling (Bafang), pay homage to the sect master!"