c7601 Lan Zhuangfei

Elder Jiuling also knows the Whale Clan very well. The Whale Clan is one of the most powerful races in the sea. They also have their own pride. Although they have always recognized the Dragon King as their king, they often have problems with the Dragon King's orders. They all refused to listen. They had their own pride. Even when Elder Jiuling was the prime minister, the Whale Clan was still like this. So it can be said that Elder Jiuling knew the Whale Clan very well, but there was no chance of real contact with the Whale Clan. But not many.

The two of them swam forward slowly. When they had swam about a hundred and fifty miles forward, several whale tribesmen swam towards them. These whale tribesmen were all very big in shape. Huge, the smallest one has a body size of about a hundred meters, and those large whales can easily reach dozens of miles in size. These small whales can only be said to be born with small mouths. The whale has a very low status among the whale family.

After a while, Jiuling Lao and Bafang saw those whales. When they saw those whales, they stopped directly. Then they all turned into human forms, and those few seemed to be hundreds of years old. The whale, which was about 3 meters away, slowed down after seeing the two people, and finally came to the two people.

These whales look very playful. Their heads are round and look like they are holding a ball. Although their mouths are big, the corners of their mouths are turned up, making them look like they are smiling. , their skin is also gray-white, and they don't look ferocious at all, but paired with their huge bodies, they are still very oppressive.

However, after the whales saw the two people, they slowly stopped. Then one of the leading whales quickly shrank in size, and finally became a giant about three meters tall. He was covered with blood. He has gray-white skin, a big head, and a mouth that seems to be talking all the time, giving people a very cute feeling.

Then the giant said: "But Master Jiuling and the Bafang Clan Leader are in front of each other? Jiang Lei is polite." His voice was very nice, and when he spoke, it seemed to have a rhythm, and their voices were also very interesting. Magnetism, just listening to this sound, you would never think that this sound would come from the mouth of this very funny giant.

However, Old Jiuling was not surprised. He nodded towards the giant and said: "It's the old man. The old man was passing by here and happened to meet the whale tribe army, so he wanted to come and pay a visit. I also asked my friend Jiang to be with me. For introduction." Elder Jiuling knew that this big man was the smallest race among the whale tribe, but don't underestimate them just because they are small, these guys also have good fighting power.

Jiang Lei smiled at Old Jiuling and said, "You're welcome, Lord Jiuling. Our clan leader is waiting for you. Please come with me." After saying this, he made a gesture of invitation on one side of his body. His actions made Jiulinglao stunned. He saw that the other party was not surprised at all by his appearance, but seemed to be waiting for him, which made them a little surprised.

You must know that the area of ​​​​Dragon Realm is not smaller than the other interfaces, and they are going to the Dark Trench, which is very different from the main attack direction of the Blood Killing Sect. If these whales The clansmen came to attack the Blood Killing Sect, so their location was a little off. However, Jiuling Lao and Bafang didn't think much about it before, because they knew the Blood Killing Sect's attack method, which was to attack across the board and attack the entire clan. All the horizontal sides of the interface were blocked, and then pushed all the way over. This kind of attack method was actually very unreasonable. In other words, the whale tribe stopped here to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, although the position was a little off. But it's not like they can't fight against the Blood Killer Sect. Maybe their current position is even better, so they didn't think much about it before.

But after seeing Jiang Lei's performance, Jiuling Lao and Bafang were a little unsure. He felt that these whale clan members were not just to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, they seemed to have other purposes. When he thought of this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but move in his heart. Then he turned to look at Bafang, and Bafang also turned to look at him. Both of them saw a look of understanding in each other's eyes. In their hearts, Almost at the same time, he understood what the other party meant, "They are waiting for us here on purpose."

Jiuling Lao knew very well that this was the nearest route to the Dark Trench, and the Whale Tribe people appeared right here. Coupled with Jiang Lei's performance, Jiu Ling Lao was almost certain that the other party He was waiting for him here, with the purpose of stopping them.

When they thought of this, a solemn look flashed in the eyes of both of them. They knew very well that if the other party was really waiting for them here, it meant that the other party had already calculated that they would leave from here, and It means that the other party's purpose is not just to meet them.

However, the two of them didn't say anything, because they discovered that they seemed to be walking in a world of giant beasts. They were surrounded by giant beasts, the least of which were hundreds of meters long, and the bigger ones were even worse. Now Elder Jiuling could already see a giant beast that was more than five hundred miles long. Five hundred miles, but not five hundred meters. Such a giant beast could not be underestimated anywhere.

Soon, they came to the group of giant beasts. Among the group of giant beasts, there was a small whale parked there. His body length was only a few dozen meters. Among the whales, he was the smallest existence. , but his head is very weird, it looks like a seat, and an old man who is only about 1.6 meters tall and looks very thin is sitting on the head of the whale.

This old man looks very old. In terms of appearance, he is no younger than Jiu Ling. In fact, this old man is also a famous master in the sea. His name is Lan Zhuangfei, and he is no older than Jiu Ling. Ling Lao Xiao, and his strength is no worse than Jiu Ling Lao, because he is the leader of the Whale Clan. It is precisely because of his presence that the Whale Clan can always stay outside the Dragon King's ruling circle, and he also has some influence on the Dragon King. So he doesn't listen to the announcement at all.

Jiang Lei came to the side of the little whale, saluted Lan Zhuangfei and said: "Clan leader, Master Jiuling and Bafang chief are here." After saying that, he stepped aside and stopped talking, and Lan Zhuangfei said At that time, he slowly opened his closed eyes and looked at Jiuling Lao and Bafang.

When he saw Mr. Jiuling and Bafang, he couldn't help but chuckle, and said in a deep voice: "Master Jiuling, you don't seem to have changed at all. It seems that the lifespan of the turtle tribe is really impressive. A talent that I envy." His eyes were already a little cloudy, and his energy seemed to be almost gone, like an old man who had come to the end of his life. Even his voice sounded... They all feel weak when they wake up.

Jiuling Lao saluted Lan Zhuangfei and said, "Clan Leader Lan is so polite. I thought I would never see you, Patriarch Lan, in this life, but I didn't expect that I could see you here, Patriarch Lan. It's really disappointing." I'm happy, but I don't know why, Chief Lan, you made a special trip to wait for me here? But you were ordered by the Dragon King?"

Lan Zhuangfei looked at Old Jiuling, chuckled and said: "Master Jiuling is really powerful. He immediately guessed why our Whale Clan appeared here. You are right. We, the Whale Clan, just obeyed the orders of Lord Dragon King. I specially waited for you here. Lord Dragon King expected that you would definitely go to the Dark Trench to visit your tribe, so he asked me to wait for you here."

Old Jiuling looked at Lan Zhuangfei, and then said in a deep voice: "Clan leader Lan should also know what happened to me back then, and he should also know that we turtle clan members are not at fault at all, but the Dragon King took all the turtle clan members out of his hands. Exiled to the Dark Trench, this means that I, the Turtle Clan, are not given a way to survive. I didn’t expect that he would send you here to wait for me. Does he want my life? Come on, do it.”

Lan Zhuangfei looked at Jiuling getting old and sighed softly: "Lord Jiuling, you did nothing wrong before, but what about now? Now you have betrayed the Dragon King, betrayed the Shenlonghai Kingdom, and even betrayed the entire Hai Clan, is there anything wrong with Mr. Dragon King in treating you like this?"

"Betrayal? What a joke! I, Mr. Jiu Ling, have not betrayed anyone." Upon hearing what Lan Zhuangfei said, Mr. Jiu Ling said directly: "If I really wanted to betray the Hai Clan, I would have raised an army long ago. You should You know, if I wanted to raise an army and establish myself as king, there would be no problem at all, but I didn't do that because I always thought that I was a member of the Sea Clan, and I didn't want the Sea Clan to be harmed like me, so I always We didn’t raise troops, we just found a place to hide.”

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then glanced at Lan Zhuangfei, and then said: "But now, look at what this place has become. Is it still our Sea Clan here? It's still our Shenlong Sea Kingdom. Really? Even now that I, Jiu Ling, am old, I can pat my chest and say, I have never done anything that has wronged the Hai Clan. Does he, the Dragon King, dare? Does he dare?" When the old man Jiuling said the last word, his voice became more and more serious. The bigger.

Hearing what Elder Jiuling said, Lan Zhuangfei could not help but be silent for a moment. To be honest, he had heard about what Elder Nine Spirits had done recently. Elder Nine Spirits had not taken action against the Sea Clan, although the Lobster Clan was said to be dead. A lot of people were killed, the crab clan also died a lot, and the swordfish clan also died a lot, but those people were not killed by Jiuling Lao, and to be honest, whether it was the lobster clan, or the crabs None of the clan is liked by the Sea Clan. As for the Swordfish Clan who died, they were also the Dragon King's subordinates. There really is nothing to say.

If there is any betrayal by Jiuling Lao to the Hai Clan, it is that Jiu Ling Lao persuaded many Hai Clan people to surrender. Although I don’t know how those Hai Clan people live, from the perspective of the Dragon King, Jiu Ling Lao betrayed It's not the Sea Clan, it's just the Dragon King.

But when this happens, a problem arises. When Mr. Jiuling was the prime minister, the Hai Clan was not what it is now. The Hai Clan at that time was very peaceful and everyone was living a good life. But now, Before the Blood Killing Sect attacked the Sea Clan, a large number of Sea Clan people died at the hands of the Dragon King and his men. Is this really the Sea Clan they are familiar with?