c7611 turn up

Bafang looked at Xiangshan, smiled slightly, and then said: "Do you feel that your whole body has begun to feel numb? That is normal, because you have been poisoned by our Blue Light Octopus clan, Xiangshan, you have been treating our Blue Light The octopus clan is not very convinced. You have always thought that we live by our poison, but you have not thought that your power is something that our blue-light octopus clan does not have. When it comes to fairness, this world is actually It's very fair. If I give you strength, I won't give you poison attack ability. This is normal."

Having said this, Bafang looked at Xiangshan and then said: "We, the blue-light octopus clan, are not the largest in the sea, nor are we the strongest, so how can we protect ourselves? Of course we can only rely on our toxins. The reason why you were poisoned this time is because of this. Did you see it? These iron thorns are hollow inside and contain venom. When the iron thorns hit you, they will release the toxins inside. It was injected into your body, so you were poisoned."

Xiangshan looked at Bafang. He knew Bafang's plan. He was just using words to delay time and make him more poisoned. He knew this very well, but he also knew at the same time that he was actually doing the same thing as Bafang. , he also delayed the time. The reason why he delayed the time was because he wanted to use this period of time to completely compress the toxins together so that the toxins would not affect his actions, and then he would do it before the next battle. Only when you hit the target can you win by surprise and conquer all directions in one fell swoop.

Now he has seen the situation of the Walrus Clan. The Walrus Clan is no match for those strange fish. He knows that the Walrus Clan has failed. It is precisely because of this that he wants to kill Bafang. Only by killing Bafang can he They have earned some capital, otherwise they will really have failed to withdraw from the bottom this time.

Bafang looked at Xiangshan and then said: "Xiangshan, I know what you are thinking. You just want to delay it for a while and then suppress the poison so that you can act and kill me. I have to say, you Such an idea is really too naive. Do you think I haven't thought of this? Let me tell you, I have thought of this a long time ago. The reason why I said these words is to delay you for a while. .”

Xiangshan couldn't help being shocked when he heard what Bafang said. He immediately wanted to attack Bafang, but he found that he couldn't move. His body couldn't move at all. It was as if his body had changed. Like turning into stone, Xiangshan was completely stunned. He clearly remembered that he could still move his body before, why couldn't he move now? But he soon discovered that he was wrong. His body was still moving, but it was no longer under his control.

Xiangshan noticed that his tail was still moving and his fins were still moving, but he had no way to control his body. This surprised him and made him feel extremely frightened. He really didn't know that this What on earth is going on and why does it become like this.

Bafang looked at Xiangshan and smiled slightly: "You must be very curious, right? Why is your body still moving, but you can't control your body? It's very simple. The reason why you are like this It looks like the poison you are poisoned is a kind of toxin called puppet poison. This poison is very overbearing. It can control your body, so that your body is not controlled by you, but is affected by this poison. control."

Having said this, Bafang looked at Xiangshan and then said: "This poison is not the poison of our Blue Light Octopus clan, but the poison of the Blood Killer Sect. The poison of the Blood Killer Sect is actually no worse than our Blue Light Octopus clan. How much, even stronger, so you haven't heard of it, and it's completely normal. You have no way to control your body now, and I naturally won't kill you. Have you seen them? They are an alien clan, They are a fighting race in the Blood Killing Sect. They will eat you, and you will become a trace of aura in their bodies. This is their ability, how about it? Isn’t it amazing? The most amazing thing is What? As long as they don't eat your head in one bite, you can clearly feel the feeling of them biting you bit by bit, but you can't move or resist, you can only watch them biting bit by bit. How about eating you? Isn’t it very interesting? "

Xiang Shan was completely stunned. He never thought that there would be such a poison in this world, that it could reach such a level, that it could allow him to watch the enemy bit by bit while staying awake. It was really overwhelming to eat him, but now he couldn't even move his mouth, let alone object.

Bafang looked at Xiangshan's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Be familiar with it, maybe you will like this feeling, but it's a pity, you can only enjoy this feeling once in your life, and there will be no second chance." Yes, hahahaha." Bafang couldn't help laughing after saying this, which made Xiangshan even more scared.

Following Bafang's voice, an alien clan swam to Bafang's side, smiled at Bafang and said: "Elder Bafang, thank you very much." After saying that, he rushed towards Xiangshan, and then opened his mouth, and his mouth stretched out. He picked up something like a tongue, but there was actually a mouth on this thing. The mouth bit Xiangshan at once, and then the tongue retracted in an instant. When he shut up, the piece of Xiangshan's body was The meat had completely disappeared, and then the tongue stuck out again and again, and then bit off a piece of meat from the enemy's body, and then spit it into the stomach.

Bafang was still not used to seeing those aliens eating, because when these aliens were eating, they looked so scary and cruel, which made them all feel very awkward, right here At that moment, more aliens came around, and soon Xiangshan was eaten by those aliens.

Everyone in Bafang couldn't bear to see this situation. Just when he turned his head to other places, a voice suddenly came out. This voice was very strange, like a roar or a whistle, very sharp. , in this voice, he could clearly hear the joy in this voice.

As soon as he heard this voice, Bafang immediately felt that this voice was made by Elder Jiuling. He couldn't help but look happy, and immediately said loudly: "Master Jiuling has found his tribe." What he said was true. Said by the other alien clan, because the other alien clan has almost taken care of all the walruses. As soon as they heard this voice, they all turned their attention to that voice. It seemed that they were going to attack that one. The voice is ready to attack.

When the alien clan heard what he said, they were all stunned, and then they all reacted, with smiles on their faces. At this time, the leading alien clan disciple said: "Leave some people, and leave the rest." Clean up those walruses below, others follow me, let’s go and see what Elder Jiu Ling looks like.” All the alien clans responded, some of them stayed to clean up the remaining aliens, and the rest The man followed him and swam into the trench.

Bafang glanced at the leading alien disciple and said in a deep voice: "What is your name? Are you now the leader of your alien clan?" He was really curious about this alien disciple. He commanded very well and was very powerful. They are strong and fight at the forefront. If all the alien disciples are like this, then there is really nothing wrong with the alien clan being called the most powerful fighting race of the Blood Killing Sect.

The alien disciple smiled slightly at Bafang and said: "I have met the Bafang elders. I am Shu Feng, and I am the leader of this alien team now. Our alien clan is led by the clan leader, and the clan leader of our alien clan is Shu Li. Elder." This disciple of the alien clan is Shu Feng. He is powerful and has certain commanding abilities, so he became the leader of this alien team.

Bafang nodded and said: "Okay, you performed very well. The fighting power of the alien clan really exceeded my expectations. Let's go and see Elder Jiuling." He originally called Elder Jiuling "Sir" or "Sir" It belonged to Master Jiuling, but because he was in front of the alien disciples, he didn't call him that. He just called Mr. Jiuling Elder Jiuling, because he knew very well that even if he respected Mr. Jiuling very much, he couldn't do it casually. In the Blood Killing Sect, there is only one person who should be respected, and that is Zhao Hai, so he changed his title.

Shu Feng responded and followed Bafang to swim into the trench. At the same time, they also discovered the location of Jiuling Lao. The location of Jiuling Lao was still some distance away from where they were fighting. It was precisely because of this that, So they had to swim a certain distance before they could reach the location of Elder Jiuling.

When they arrived at the location where Mr. Jiuling was, they stayed there because they discovered that the location where Mr. Jiuling was was turned out to be a large cave. There should have been a layer of ice in front of the cave. But now the ice has melted, and in the cave, there are two figures. One is Old Jiuling, and in his arms, he is holding a person. This person is very similar to Old Jiuling. His figure is He was not tall, and he was wearing a turtle shell, but now this man was lying in the arms of Old Jiuling. It looked like he was dead.

Bafang hurriedly walked over and said to Old Jiuling: "Sir, isn't this Jiuling Jade? What's wrong with him?" Bafang didn't see clearly who fell in Old Jiuling's arms at first, but when he waited When he walked up to him, he saw clearly that the person lying in the arms of Jiuling Lao was none other than Jiuling Yu, one of the few masters in the Turtle Clan and the son of Jiuling Lao.

Jiulingyu is the master of the Turtle Clan, second only to Jiuling Lao. He is also the son of Jiuling Lao. After Jiuling Lao's accident, he has been leading the Turtle Clan, but he did not expect that now he is in charge of the Turtle Clan. I saw him here, and judging from his appearance, he was probably dead, because there was no breath of life in his body. Bafang and Jiulingyu knew each other, so he could recognize Jiulingyu's identity immediately.