c7619 hill

The Dark Trench was still so dark that I couldn't see my fingers without any light, but in this extremely dark environment, a ray of light suddenly appeared, and then more and more lights appeared, and then the light became brighter, and a large area People with shining white lights appeared in this trench, illuminating the trench with light.

All Blood Killing Sect disciples, including Sheng Si, all put on armor, and their armors were all illuminated with white light. This white light was not very dazzling. On the contrary, this white light was very soft, but it could illuminate the surroundings. It was illuminated brightly. Although in this boundless darkness, the range that these white lights could illuminate was still very small, it still appeared extremely conspicuous.

This team is lined up in a formation that doesn't look very neat, but everyone's forward speed is consistent. This makes this team look like one person is acting, giving people a sense of It's a very strange feeling. If someone can take a look at this team from above, they will find that this team has been maintaining a complete formation when it moves forward. When encountering the enemy's time, they can respond immediately.

Although the team is not moving very fast, and everyone maintains the same speed, everyone has their own things to be busy with. The most important thing for Sheng Si is to take action when encountering a powerful enemy. , but the commander does not need him. The commander of this team is a disciple of the Jiujiao turtle clan. The reason why he became the commander of this team is because his ability to arrange magic circles is very good. of strength.

Now Jiujiao is looking at the radar display in his hand, but his body is still moving forward at a very stable speed, in line with everyone. This is actually the ability of his external incarnation. The reason why he can move forward at such a speed is not because he is controlling the speed, but because the light brain in his external incarnation is controlling the speed, so his forward speed will always be the same.

As for the other disciples around, some were on alert, while others were holding radars and paying careful attention to their surroundings. There were also some people who paid special attention to the situation of others to see if there were any unknown deviations in their positions. If there is any deviation, immediately remind the other party and adjust the speed.

The entire thousand-man team was moving forward slowly like a well-operated machine. After a while, Jiujiao suddenly said: "Stop." Then his voice made everyone stop, Then Jiujie turned to Sheng Si and said, "Elder Sheng, please take a look and see why I feel something is wrong with this thing." He

Sheng Si moved and came to the side of Jiujiao. He glanced at the projection in Jiujiao's hand and was slightly startled. He was familiar with the situation in the dark trench before. There were mountain walls all around. None. The only hole was dug by the Turtle Clan members themselves. The mountain walls in other places were as smooth as a mirror, as if they had been polished.

They have also seen the bottom of the trench. In fact, they are still about a hundred miles away from the bottom of the trench, but they have not thought about going down because there is no need for that. The radar can completely let them See clearly what is under the trench. The bottom of the trench is very clean and there is nothing. Moreover, the bottom of the trench seems to have a sharp bottom, as if someone is holding a huge sword and coming from the sky. It pierces straight down, and this trench is pierced out in this way. The reason why the bottom is sharp is because that is where the tip of the sword is. The tip of the sword is of course pointed.

But now, at the bottom of the trench, several hills suddenly appeared. The appearance of these hills was also very strange. They did not look like ordinary hills, but a very strange hill. The height of these hills has reached about two hundred miles. Each one is bullet-shaped. The bottom and the middle are both a cylinder. Only the head is pointed, which is not very sharp. This makes these hills , looks very weird, like huge bamboo shoots, but it is obvious that these things are not bamboo shoots.

There are hundreds of hills like this in this area. They are tall and short, and they all stand there quietly. In this vast and empty cave, they look very abrupt, making people want to ignore them. All difficult. Sheng Si glanced at the radar, calculated the distance, and said solemnly: "These hills are still more than a thousand miles away from us, nearly two thousand miles away. We are moving forward to see if there are other hills. After all, here We are already in the depths of the Dark Trench. The temperature here is very cold, but the strange thing is that there is no ice here, so there are no sea beasts here. We should be safe. We slowly move forward and advance. Go to the edge of the hill and see what this hill is."

Jiujiao responded, and then loudly ordered: "The army advances slowly, wait for my order." Everyone responded, and then the army slowly advanced at once, and then advanced for about ten miles, Jiujiao shouted at once Said: "Stop." The army stopped immediately.

This time, Sheng Si came to Jiujiao's side without calling Jiujiao. He glanced at the projection in Jiujiao's hand, and then said, "No more?" Of course he was asking about that kind of strange hill. Because he saw that all those hills were concentrated in that area. Now his hill had completely entered their radar, and there was a large blank area on the edge of the radar. This meant that the hill was only It is there, but it is no longer available elsewhere.

Jiuling nodded, then compared the radar projection, and then said: "This area covers an area of ​​about 500 miles, with a total of 128 hills. The shortest one is only a hundred meters tall. The tallest one is about 200 meters tall, reaching a height of about 230 miles. It really looks like a bamboo shoot that has just emerged, but the size of this bamboo shoot is a bit too big."

Sheng Si said in a deep voice: "There is nothing else in the entire trench now. There is only such a small mountain here, and it appeared very suddenly. There must be something wrong here. Let's move forward. After we get there, we will carefully Let’s take a look and see what’s in that hill. Let everyone stay in formation, don’t mess up, don’t panic, and move forward carefully.”

Everyone agreed, and then moved forward carefully. Although they were not moving very fast, it only took more than an hour to reach the hill. When they reached the outskirts of the hill, Sheng Si and the others were at once They stopped, and everyone looked at the hills through the white light. The hills were like stalagmites emerging from the ground, standing there quietly, with some water plants growing on their surfaces. , but the number is very small, and these aquatic plants are almost completely transparent and very small, but the aquatic plants that can grow in such an extreme environment are really good things.

After looking at it for a while, everyone really couldn't see anything. Sheng Si turned to Jiujiao and said, "Jiujiao, you guys wait here while I go into the hill to see what's inside." ." After saying that, he was about to swim forward. At this moment, he heard Jiujie say: "Wait a minute, Elder Sheng Si, wait a minute."

Sheng Si stopped immediately, and then looked at Jiujiao with some confusion. Jiujiao looked at the radar screen in his hand solemnly, and said in a deep voice: "I just seemed to see a small mountain move. The smallest one actually moved, not shaking, but shrinking."

Hearing what Jiujiao said, Shengsi and the others couldn't help but be startled, and then his face couldn't help but change. He immediately said in a deep voice: "Really?" Shengsi knew very well what Jiujiao meant. If Jiujiao said that If it is true, it means that this hill may be a living thing, and only living things can shrink.

When the others heard what Jiujiao said, they all became nervous, but they did not move. They all looked at the hills with vigilance. If what Jiujiao said was true and those hills were really alive, what could happen? Just the big horns. It's hard to deal with so many living things that are so big.

Although Sheng Si was asking Jiujiao, his eyes were fixed on the smallest hill, motionless. For about ten breaths, he also noticed that the hill on the radar seemed to be slightly It shrank for a moment, and then returned to its original appearance. Sheng Si couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he raised his head and looked at the hills, his face became extremely solemn, and then he said: "It seems that these hills, I'm afraid It’s really alive.”

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone became nervous and stared at those hills. Jiujiao was even more ready to fight. However, Sheng Si did not let them take action, but said in a deep voice. : "Back five miles, stand in formation. These things can grow to such a big size, maybe they have opened their spiritual intelligence. I am going to try to communicate with them to see if I can communicate with them. If I can talk to them, If so, let’s see if we can get them to join our Blood Killing Sect. I really don’t want to fight such an enemy.”

Everyone responded, and then the army began to retreat slowly until it was five miles away, and then it stopped. Sheng Si also retreated with everyone, and then he sat in the middle of the formation, slowly He closed his eyes and began to use his mental power to slowly explore those hills.

Sheng Si learned all the methods of using mental power from Zhao Hai, using mental power to communicate with strange creatures. Naturally, this trick was also learned from Zhao Hai. There are some creatures whose intelligence is not very high. You want to talk to them There is no way to communicate by speaking. Some creatures speak a language that is different from the language Zhao Hai and others speak. There is no way to communicate with language, so the simplest and most direct method is The method is to use mental power to communicate, so that both parties will understand what the other party means, and if there is a conflict, they will not be hurt. This is the best way of communication between strange races.