c7618 explore

Zhao Hai sat quietly in the sea water. The sea water here had no influence on him. He was even sure that even if the Dragon King could feel him through the sea water, he would not be able to feel him because he has now integrated into the sea water. In a piece of sea water, he is the sea water, and the sea water is him, so he is not worried that the Dragon King will find him. In fact, even if the Dragon King finds him, what will happen? Zhao Hai really doesn't believe how strong this Dragon King can be. Go, if this Dragon King was really powerful, he would have been dealt with long ago.

However, Zhao Hai is not monitoring the Dragon King now, but is watching the conversation between Jiuling Lao and the others. Jiu Ling Lao and the others still know too little about the Blood Killing Sect. It is impossible for them to know that in the Blood Killing Sect, Here, if Zhao Hai wants to know what they are talking about, he will definitely know, so everyone in the Blood Killing Sect knows that in the Blood Killing Sect, they have no secrets from Zhao Hai, but Old Jiuling and the others do not I don’t know, that’s why they dare to discuss those things.

After seeing the final decision of Jiuling Lao and the others, Zhao Hai couldn't help but shook his head and chuckled. Zhao Hai was actually very happy about the change of Jiuling Lao and the others. After Jiuling Lao and the others decided to get together, they wanted to When he asked for benefits, he already knew it. He was thinking about how to deal with Old Jiuling and the others afterwards. As for what Old Jiuling and the others were worried about, it was not impossible that Zhao Hai would deal with them directly afterwards. , if they really dare to join forces and confront him, then Zhao Hai will never be polite to them.

Fortunately, Sun Buyu's unintentional words made Jiuling Lao and the others wake up. They adjusted their thoughts in time, thus avoiding a fatal disaster. Otherwise, Zhao Hai would definitely deal with them. As for their current reaction, Zhao Hai is still very happy. After all, Zhao Hai does not really want them to die.

These people have joined the Blood Killing Sect. In Zhao Hai's opinion, they are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, they have just joined the Blood Killing Sect and they don't know much about the Blood Killing Sect. They don't understand what the Blood Killing Sect is about. , so it is quite normal for them to have such thoughts. After all, they were born in a place like the Dragon World. The various tribes are also infighting and wary of each other. In addition, there is the existence of the Dragon King. In order to take over power, the Dragon King But there are all kinds of ways, so they can't help but be on guard. It is normal for them to want to guard against the Blood Killing Sect, and Zhao Hai will not blame them.

Zhao Hai will give them the opportunity to let them understand the Blood Killing Sect, and he will split up their various clans as they wish. Then at that time, he will see if these Hai Clan people will slowly integrate into the Blood Killing Sect. In the sect, that's it. If they don't want to integrate into the Blood Killing Sect and still think about their own small group, then he won't be polite.

Zhao Hai rarely takes action now, because his strength is there. For ordinary battles, he doesn't want to take action at all, because there is no need, just leave it to his subordinates. If he always takes action, then he What else do you need these subordinates for? As for the Dragon King, he really didn't take it to heart.

Zhao Hai is now dressed more handsome than before. He wears a golden crown on his head. There is a hairpin on the golden crown. This hairpin is very special. The head of the hairpin looks like a halberd. The head of the halberd is the same, and the whole body is black, but there is a white dragon coiled on the hairpin, which looks very beautiful.

This is the White Dragon Halberd made by Zhao Hai. He used Lan Zhuangfei's body to refine this fake dragon body, and then merged it with the halberd to become what it is now, and The power of this halberd was also very great. Zhao Hai still liked it, so he treated it as a hairpin and carried it on his head.

As for the golden crown, it is also very useful. It is actually a magic weapon that improves people's mental power. It can not only increase the speed of people's mental power training, but also release mental power to attack the enemy, and can also block the enemy's mental power. Attacks can even nourish people's souls to a certain extent. Zhao Hai was very happy after discovering his ability, so he always carried it with him.

And he was still wearing black clothes. The black master had a robe, but it was not an ordinary robe. The black clothes had a long robe on the outside and a warrior uniform on the inside. It looked very handsome. Beautiful, even though he is sitting there, he has an air of immortality, which makes people feel like he is floating out of the world.

Zhao Hai knew that the eight realms of Tianlong and Tianlong were no longer very helpful to him, and they were not very helpful to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. After winning the Dragon Realm, they would not be able to win the Heavenly and Human Realm. , they can directly enter the Wanshan Realm. Now he really can't wait to compete with the people in the Wanshan Realm.

If a sect like the Blood Killing Sect stays in a place where there is no threat to them for a long time, it may not be a good thing for them, because there is no fighting for a long time and a comfortable life for a long time. It may make the people of the Blood Killing Sect become comfortable. If they lose their ambition, it will be too dangerous.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai wants to enter the Wanshan Realm as soon as possible, but he will not rush the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect too much. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been moving forward, and the speed of progress is not very fast. Slowly, and they used a relatively gentle method. Zhao Hai did not object to this method.

Zhao Hai knew very well that when they went to Wanshan Realm in the future, they would meet all kinds of people, some of whom might become their enemies, some of whom might become their friends, and some of whose enemies might become their friends. , some friends may become enemies, so disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must learn to use various methods to deal with enemies. Some enemies can be dealt with with relatively mild methods. In that case, they Maybe they will become members of the Blood Killing Sect. There are some enemies that must be dealt with with force. In that case, they can deal with all enemies.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai did not object to Sun Buyu's plan to let the Hai Clan surrender those Dragon King's men. He wanted to see if this move was feasible. He now has no regard for the commanders in the Blood Killing Sect. Generally speaking, we will not object to a decision, because it will affect a commander's prestige and his confidence. If a commander loses his confidence, it's over, the commander is over.

Now that the sea tribes headed by Jiuling Lao are willing to help persuade them to surrender, it is naturally a good thing. Zhao Hai will not object, he will only watch. If the Dragon King really wants to deal with them, then he will take action. Before Jiuling Lao and the others took the initiative to betray him, they were all members of the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai would not deal with them and would protect them.

Just after Zhao Hai watched, Jiuling Lao and the others came out of the Xuanwu Sea and directly found Sun Buyu and the others. After Sun Buyu agreed, the Hai people returned to the sea of ​​the Dragon Realm, and then they headed straight towards the Dragon Palace. Move forward, and at the same time be prepared to persuade other Sea Tribe people to surrender at any time.

Jiuling Lao and the others didn't know that Zhao Hai was watching them, but they still followed their plan and moved forward. Wherever they passed, all the sea beasts were caught by them in the Xuanwu Sea, because they already had Without the external incarnation, it is very easy to create a small teleportation array, and the wisdom of those sea beasts is not very high, so they can naturally take those sea tribes directly into the Xuanwu Sea.

They were moving very smoothly along the way. They had traveled nearly five thousand miles without encountering a single Hai Clan person. Although this made Old Jiu Ling feel very strange, he was not too worried because they were about to go ahead. They have arrived at Coral City. As long as they get to Coral City, they can take a rest.

Soon they arrived at Coral City. There were no accidents in Coral City. There was no enemy there, and there was a cavalry stationed there. Naturally, there was nothing to worry about, so Old Jiuling and the others entered directly. They went to Coral City to rest. The guard in Coral City was still Long Ying. Long Ying knew Old Jiuling and the others, so he was very polite to them. He arranged a place for them to rest and was on guard outside.

Soon, the Blood Killing Sect’s army came directly and took over the entire Coral City. Long Ying’s mission was also completed, and Long Ying had no objections to this mission. This time, they But they have gained a lot of military honors, and now they can go back, so naturally they won't have any objections.

After the army took over Coral City, they began to rest. After taking a rest, Jiuling Lao and the others began to move forward again. Jiuling Lao knew that Sun Buyu and the others wanted to fight the Hai Clan and gain military merit, but if If Sun Buyu really let them go to war, then they would not get much credit, so he was still very anxious.

But Old Jiuling still looked down upon Sun Buyu and the others. Sun Buyu and the others now had no time to care about Old Jiuling and the others. Now their attention was all focused on the Dark Trench. The exploration of the Dark Trench was even difficult for Jiuling. Ling Lao and the others had already started their investigation before they took action. This time the investigation was composed of a thousand elite members of the Blood Killing Sect, and the leader was none other than Sheng Si.

Sheng Si is very powerful, and he uses magic circle to attack. In such an environment, his environment has the least impact on his magic circle attack. He can completely use water magic circle or The ice magic circle will not only have no impact, but will even have a certain blessing effect.

The people led by Sheng Si are all the elites of the Blood Killing Sect. There are more than a hundred ordinary elder-level masters alone. The remaining disciples are all elites. If it weren't for the purpose of training those disciples. , this time they want to send more than a thousand elders. Anyway, there are a lot of ordinary elders of the Blood Killing Sect. The fighting power of these people is much stronger than those of the disciples, so they will be more confident in sending them. Some. However, considering the need to train disciples, they only sent more than a hundred elders and asked a master like Sheng Si to come and suppress them. In Sun Buyu's view, with the strength of their team, even if they encounter any danger , and retreated without any problems.