c7610 three-axe

As soon as he saw these strange fish, Bafang's face showed a smile. He knew that these strange fish were from the alien clan. He knew the fighting power of the alien clan. He did not expect that this bloody killing would The reinforcements sent by the sect turned out to be from the alien clan, which surprised him greatly. However, he still bowed to those people and said, "I've seen you all, I'm really sorry for bothering you."

The leading alien smiled slightly and said: "Elder Bafang is too polite. We just took care of those whale clan guys, but we didn't get much food. Those guys were brought back by the people in the sect. When I went to the sect, I heard that the blood would be refined into blood crystals. The skin seemed to be used to see what it could be used for. Although the meat was given to us to eat, it didn’t taste very good. The bones seemed to have been sent to the gods. At the Jitang, it just so happens that the news from you has been sent back to the sect, so we are here. These guys all look meaty and delicious."

When Bafang heard what the other party said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "These guys taste good, but they are a little fatter. I don't know if they suit your taste. Their skin is not as thick as that of the whale clan, and their bones are not as thick." If you want to use it, just give it all to everyone to eat. If the sect needs their blood, I can help collect it."

The leading alien smiled and said: "That's no need. The blood of those whale tribesmen is enough for us. We won't be polite to these guys. Kill them!" Following his order, the people behind him The aliens all followed him and rushed toward the walruses. They didn't have the habit of talking to the enemy and just did it.

As soon as Bafang saw the alien clan moving, he rushed over immediately. At this time, the alien clan was already covered in armor, and their bodies were shining with silver. These armors seemed to be very thick, but they were not It will affect their actions, which is very convenient.

Bafang also immediately put on armor on his body. His armor is a bit special. The reason why it is special is because there are many spikes on his armor. These spikes may not be very long, but they are now growing on him. On the armor, it actually looks very conspicuous, which makes Bafang look like a cactus.

Xiangshan and the others were angered by the conversation between Bafang and the Alien Clan. He found that the Alien Clan didn't seem to take them to heart at all. How could he not be angry? He knew that the Walrus Clan Now in the sea, no one dares to look down upon them. Just like those old strong fighting races, they have to give them some face when they meet them. Like the alien race, they don't take them seriously at all. This was their first encounter.

Now when they saw the Alien Clan rushing over, Xiangshan and the others also roared wildly, and all the Walrus Clan members rushed towards Xiangshan and the others. One characteristic of the walrus family is that all of them have a pair of long walrus tusks. These walrus tusks are not as long as the tusks on land, nor as thick, but they are very sharp and hard. They are also from the walrus family. The main weapon, they rely on this ivory to attack the enemy.

These walruses rushed towards the aliens, and the left forelimbs of the aliens had retracted. This was a way for them to attack, but the walruses didn't know it, and they still rushed towards the aliens, just like that. When the two sides were about to meet, the Alien clan's right forelimb swung forward violently, and a large pincer pinched directly at the Walrus clan's.

The people of the walrus clan all shook their heads and used their tusks to block the big claws. But at this moment, they felt that a huge force seemed to be on them. , they were hit at once, and this blow was not light. Although they had thick skin and thick flesh, and very strong defense, this blow caused them to fly backwards, and at the same time, a mouthful of blood spurted out of their mouths. come out.

But at this moment, they suddenly felt another pain on their bodies, and then they felt that their bodies were out of their control, being caught by something, and flew straight towards the strange fish. Just before they could react, they felt a pain on their bodies. They had been caught by the giant claws of the strange fish, and then they felt that they had received several heavy blows in succession. , this blow was very heavy, and their internal organs were directly shattered. By the time they reacted, they had no power to resist, and they vomited out all their internal organs one by one, and died in the end.

In fact, the death of these walruses is somewhat unfair. If they really value the aliens, they can still fight with the aliens. Although they are not a strong fighting race in the sea, their strength is also very good, but it is a pity. They didn't know much about the fighting methods of the alien clan, so they suffered a big loss right from the start.

The alien clan first attacked them with their big claws, which was just to attract their attention. The real killing move was the hammer like the forelimb of the mantis shrimp. The speed of the hammer shot out was very fast. It can be said to be the fastest attack in the sea. One of several things, so it was impossible for them to dodge, and they were directly injured by a hammer.

Just when their bodies were retreating out of their control, the alien's main attack weapon, the long tail, penetrated directly into their bodies, pulled them back, and then clamped them with a clamp. , and then repeatedly hit their abdomens with a hammer, killing them in a few blows.

This kind of attack seems to take a long time, but in fact it is very fast. This is also an attack method thought up by the alien clan. The attack speed of this attack method is very fast, and these moves can actually be used with each other. Switching, for example, the attack of the big claws may be a feint or a real move, or the attack of the big claws and the attack of the hammer are all feints, and the attack of the tail is the real move, or the attack with the hammer first , when using the big pincer to attack, although these are only a few moves, there are many changes, and when really using these moves against the enemy, the power is very huge. This is similar to Cheng Yaojin's three-blade axe. Different approaches but similar results.

However, Xiangshan did not face the alien clan. He directly faced Bafang. Xiangshan's attention was now all on Bafang. He looked at Bafang's cactus-like equipment and couldn't help laughing and said: "Bafang, you are really What’s more, the longer I live, the more I go back. It’s funny to see that you, the blue-light octopus clan, don’t use their poisonous skills, but you don’t know where you got such a strange thing, which looks like a sea urchin. Hahahaha, it’s really funny.”

Bafang looked at him and sneered: "Really? I don't find it funny at all. As long as you are hit by me once, I think you should know how powerful I am. Watch my moves." After saying this, his eight tentacles fiercely With one swipe, it was like eight soft whips with thorns, and it was whipped straight towards Xiang Shan's body.

Although Xiangshan's body is fat, he is very flexible. Even though he is so arrogant as he said before, he is still very afraid of Bafang. When he sees Bafang's attack like this, his figure flashes and he is immediately let go. After passing Bafang's attack this time, he turned around very flexibly, opened his mouth, and shot a water arrow straight at Bafang.

This is also an ability of the Walrus clan, but the lethality of this water arrow is not very high. At most, it can only interfere with the enemy. If you want to cause any damage to the enemy, it is really impossible, but they This kind of water arrow is usually aimed at the enemy's eyes. Even if you block the water arrow, it will explode and form a mist, blocking your sight. Therefore, this water arrow is also of the walrus family. A very good weapon.

Bafang's two tentacles waved and blocked the water arrow. The water arrow turned into a water arrow, blocking Bafang's sight. However, Bafang's other six tentacles were violently swung around, as if because of the sight of the water arrow. You can't see the enemy there, so you are beating around blindly, as if you don't want the enemy to get close.

Facing such an enemy, Xiangshan will naturally not be polite. He has encountered situations like Bafang countless times, so he is very experienced. As soon as he turned around, he had already reached Bafang. From the side, he then rushed towards Bafang's side. At the same time, the ivory had also been raised, ready to greet Bafang.

But at this moment, two soft whip-like tentacles swung upwards from below. When Xiangshan was still unprepared, they hit him directly. The tentacles had spikes. This time, two pieces of flesh and blood were directly removed from Xiang Shan's body, and two bloody wounds appeared on his body.

Xiangshan screamed and flew straight forward. When he stopped, he found that he could not feel any pain in his body. On the contrary, there was a sense of numbness in his body. This shocked him. He lowered his head and looked at himself, only to find that black blood was flowing from the two wounds on his body. Looking at the color of the blood, he knew immediately that he poisoned.

When Xiangshan discovered this situation, he couldn't help being stunned. Then he immediately glanced at Bafang from the top of the stage, and saw that Bafang had already rushed towards him at this time, and the eight tentacles were drawn straight towards his body. , Xiangshan's figure moved and retreated straight away, but at the same time his heart sank, because he had already felt it. Although he had only been poisoned for a short period of time, he now felt that his body seemed not to be It used to be so flexible.

The poison of the blue-light octopus is very famous among the sea tribe. In the entire sea tribe, there are really not many races that are more poisonous than them, so their poison is not so easy to bear. If the poison of the blue-light octopus is really If it were so easy to get rid of, they wouldn't be able to become a powerful race in the sea.

Although Xiangshan doesn't know how Bafang poisoned him, you must know that Bafang is still wearing that kind of spiked armor. Ordinarily, under this situation, Bafang can't poison him, but now he is indeed Poisoned, which puzzled Bai Si and also made him extremely surprised.