c7615 determination

Old Jiuling nodded. He used to be a superior person. He could even be said to be inferior to one person and superior to ten thousand people. He knew very well what kind of situation a superior person hated the most, and that was being under their hands. , a very powerful force appeared, and it was not under their control, just like the whale clan here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom.

The Whale Clan is very powerful and has always been outside the management circle of the Shenlonghai Kingdom. They often disobey the various orders of the Shenlonghai Kingdom. However, because they are very strong and it is difficult to deal with them directly, so The Whale Clan has always been a very troublesome existence for Shenlonghai Kingdom.

But this is actually just a superficial phenomenon. In fact, before Jiuling Lao was removed from the position of prime minister, he had already begun to prepare to deal with the whale tribe, because the whale tribe has always been out of their control, and no one dared to It is precisely because of this that Old Jiuling wants to deal with them. He will not allow such a force to exist, because this force will pose a threat to his rule. .

Although Elder Jiuling is not the Dragon King, and the Dragon Realm is not completely ruled by him, at that time he was less than one person and more than ten thousand people, and the Dragon King was not too busy at that time, so he can also be said to be his. In ruling the Shenlonghai Kingdom. In other words, he, who is not a ruler, cannot accept that there is an uncontrollable force under his command, let alone a true ruler. He will allow such a power to exist under his command. ? Not to mention, the Blood Killing Sect is not like Shenlong Haiguo. Shenlonghaiguo is trapped in the Dragon Palace because of the Dragon King. He has no way to leave the Dragon Palace. This also makes his control over Shenlonghaiguo a little weak. But the Blood Killing Sect does not have this situation.

They have seen how strong Zhao Hai's control over the Blood Killing Sect is. It can be said that if Zhao Hai wants to destroy them, it will really take no effort. Zhao Hai doesn't even need to take action, they will be killed directly. Destroy, in this case, if they really get together, don't listen to Zhao Hai, or even want to threaten Zhao Hai, will Zhao Hai attack them directly? If that was really the case, would they still have a way to survive?

Thinking of this, Old Jiuling's face couldn't help but become even more ugly. Bafang looked at Old Jiuling's appearance and said in a deep voice: "Sir, I think there is nothing wrong with our plan. I have also seen it these days. , the Blood Killing Sect still attaches great importance to us, but I carefully thought about the sect rules that the Blood Killing Sect told us before, and the conditions he promised us, there is one sentence, that is, he will treat us as the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect enjoy the same treatment as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but can we also look at this sentence in reverse, that is, we are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Don’t think about enjoying any preferential treatment. We are not like other Blood Killing Sects. Disciples are all the same. If we understand it this way, it is completely unnecessary for us to be united. I even think that when the matter in the Dragon Realm is over, they may disrupt us and assign us to different groups. The branch church gave us no chance to unite."

Old Jiuling nodded and said solemnly: "If it were me, I would do the same. I will never let my subordinates have a chance to unite, so the sect master will definitely do this. If this is really the case, then It doesn’t matter. After all, we are all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If we are broken up and assigned to other branches, then we will be treated the same as other disciples, so I feel relieved. .”

Bafang looked at Jiuling and said, "Sir, actually you want us to unite because you are afraid that we will be treated unfairly, right? You don't really want to get much power from the sect master, right?" Bafang said to Jiuling He actually knows Jiuling Lao very well. He knows that Jiuling Lao is actually not a person who is greedy for power. If the Dragon King did not deal with him back then and just wanted to take back the power of the prime minister, Jiuling Lao would not resist, so he would So asked.

Jiuling Lao looked at all directions and said in a deep voice: "There is really nothing good about power. Unless you become the supreme one, otherwise, all power will be of no use to you." Useful things, because your power is given by others, if they want to take it away, they can take it away directly, so I will not be greedy for those things at all. I learned this as early as when I was in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Already figured it out.”

Bafang nodded and said: "If that's the case, it would be even simpler. Sir, you have a very strong appeal among the Hai Clan. We don't have to stick together, but if the sect is really unfair to us, Sir You can stand up and speak for us. You are now a core elder with great power. If the sect master still has no reaction to your reaction, then you can directly call on us to unite and strive for greater benefits. In other words, we can not be united on the surface, but if necessary, we can unite."

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly and said: "It's useless. If we really do that, it will only arouse the resentment of the sect master, and the sect master will only hate us even more. Either we make our attitude clear, we just want to stick together, let's see What kind of reaction will the sect master have? Either we just give up the grouping completely. Only in this way can we gain the sect master's trust. It is absolutely impossible to be on both sides."

Bafang was stunned for a moment, then frowned and said: "But sir, the situation is not clear now. It is still difficult for us to make a decision now. If we make a decision now, we will regret it later, but we will not It’s an opportunity, and we told others before that we wanted to work together to fight for everyone’s interests. If we regret it now, then I’m afraid others will object.”

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly, and then he sighed softly and said: "Actually, we thought wrong at the beginning. After we saw how powerful the Blood Killing Sect was, we shouldn't have such a group to fight for any benefits. Thoughts, you have also seen the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. It is not because they are afraid of us that they accept our surrender. If they really don’t want to accept surrender, they are capable of killing us all. Here Under such circumstances, it is really unnecessary for us to stick together or not, what do you think?"

Bafang thought for a while, and finally he had to nod impatiently. To be honest, before joining the Blood Killing Sect, he might have had some ideas, but after joining the Blood Killing Sect, he truly understood the Blood Killing Sect. After the Sect, he no longer had any ideas, because he knew very well that facing such a powerful Blood Killing Sect, they could not have any ideas at all, and any ideas were useless to them. In the face of the absolute strength of the Blood Killing Sect, any thoughts will be directly shattered.

Thinking of this, Bafang couldn't help but sigh. Then he looked at Jiuling and said, "Sir, what should we do next?" Bafang really has no idea now. Originally, they wanted to They hugged each other to keep warm, but now they discovered that there was no way to keep warm even if they hugged each other, which made him really at a loss for what to do for a while.

Jiuling Lao glanced at Bafang, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, don't think so much. What we have to do now is to help the sect take down the Dragon Realm first. After taking down the Dragon Realm, We are waiting to see how the sect master will treat us. If the sect master really wants to cross the sea and tear down the bridge, then we must let the sect master know that the bloody nature of our sea men will mean death at most. I have lived for so many years. , I’ve long since run out of life.”

Bafang chuckled lightly. He did not believe that Jiuling Lao said that he had lived enough. No monk would say that he had lived enough, unless he already knew that it was completely impossible for him to ascend. Even then, They will still try their best to live a few more years, but it is absolutely impossible to live enough.

But this also shows the attitude of Elder Jiuling. Bafang is very clear that if the Blood Killing Sect really crosses the river and burns down the bridge, then the first one to die must be Old Nine Spirits, because if they join the Blood Killing Sect, it can be said that all It was Elder Jiuling who made it happen. If something unexpected happened in the future, Elder Jiuling would really have no shame in living.

Jiuling Lao looked at Bafang. He understood Bafang's thoughts. He also sighed softly and said: "To be honest, I don't regret letting you join the Blood Killing Sect now, because I saw the Blood Killing Sect's After becoming stronger, I knew that we would never be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect. If we join the Blood Killing Sect, there is still a way to survive. Otherwise, we will only have a dead end, so I don’t regret it. No matter what, I still let You have lived for such a long time, but if the sect master really fails to do what he said before, then I will have no shame in living."

Bafang said in a deep voice: "My lord, this is not your fault. As you said, you are just trying to keep us alive for a while. If it weren't for you, my lord, we would have died long ago. Do you think that with our blue light?" Can the octopus clan resist the attack of the Blood Killing Sect? Impossible, absolutely impossible. The strongest thing we, the blue-light octopus clan, have is poison, but what the Blood Killing Sect is least afraid of is exactly poison. We are here Although there is a fighting force in front of them, don't forget that they also have a race of aliens. No one dares to look down on such a race that is specially designed for fighting."

Old Jiuling stood up, patted Bafang's shoulder and said: "Okay, with your words, I feel relieved. I hope other people don't blame me. Let's go. It's time for us to meet them. We must Tell them, the sect’s mission still needs to be completed, and we must let the sect know that we people are useful.”

Bafang nodded, and then said: "Sir, I think we can call them all here, and then tell them the sect's opinions and see their reaction." Bafang knew where the identity of Elder Jiuling was. Look, if you go to meet the clan leaders of other clans one by one, that would be a bit too much. Judging from the current situation, Elder Jiuling is still the leader of them, and asking the leader to inform his subordinates one by one is indeed a bit excessive. Excessive.