c7613 Divide the troops

Shu Feng had no interest in awakening the turtle tribe, so he said hello to Jiuling Lao and Bafang and left directly. Soon Shu Feng returned to the frontline headquarters. He had to ask Sun Buyu had to give orders. As soon as he arrived at the frontline headquarters, Sun Buyu saw him. He immediately waved to him and called him over. After he arrived, Sun Buyu looked at Shu Feng. He said: "How is it? Is the matter done? Who is the person who wants to deal with the Turtle Clan?"

Shu Feng immediately said: "Yes, it's done. The ones who deal with the Turtle Clan this time are the Walrus Clan. The people of the Walrus Clan were ordered by the Dragon King to deal with the Turtle Clan. Now the Turtle Clan has already They have all been transferred to our Blood Killing Sect, but the Turtle Clan members have all used the Turtle Breathing Technique to enter a state of suspended animation. Now they are recovering, but I think it will take some time for them to recover, as you know Yes, the turtle people are never very fast in anything they do, and it’s the same this time.”

Hearing what Shu Feng said, Sun Buyu couldn't help laughing. Jiang Shenglin and the others also laughed. Chen Chu even laughed and scolded: "You guy, if Elder Jiuling hears this, he will definitely be unhappy. Yes, you better be honest, okay, you can go down." Shu Feng responded with a smile, turned around and left.

When Shu Feng left, Sun Buyu couldn't help but laugh and said: "This kid actually said that about the Turtle Clan, but it's really interesting. Forget it, let's not talk about this anymore. Let's talk about what we should do next. Come on, let’s talk about what we should do next.”

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "Now half of the powerful fighting races in the Shenlonghai Kingdom have surrendered to us. Next, we only need to attack with all our strength. Now the dragon king is probably only surrounded by the shark clan and the mantis shrimp clan. The Sea Serpent Tribe, are they considered a strong fighting race? Other species cannot be considered a strong fighting race. There is absolutely no problem if we deal with them, not to mention that we still have Coral City that we can use, and I I feel that we can also make use of the Dark Trench. For the sea people, it is a desperate place, but for us, it is really not considered. And to be honest, I feel that the Dark Trench is not It’s so simple, we have to be careful.”

Sun Buyu nodded and said in a deep voice: "Actually, our place is not far from Coral City now. In other words, we can no longer use Coral City, but we can really use it in Dark Trench. Let’s take advantage of it. The area covered by Dark Sea is actually very large, and there is a large row of them. We can choose the location to attack at will, which is very good.”

Chen Chu said: "Then let the Alien Clan go and occupy it, and then wait for the opportunity to move out and give the Sea Clan a blow. I think it will be easier for us to deal with the Sea Clan in this way. What do you think? ?" Sun Buyu and the others all nodded, feeling that what Chen Chu said was very reasonable. To be honest, so far, the battle here in Dragon Realm has almost been finalized. As long as they can fight the remaining ones After the race has been dealt with, they can definitely deal with the Dragon King. As long as the Dragon King is dealt with, then they will win.

Sun Buyu turned to Elder Zhen who was standing aside and said nothing: "Mr. Zhen, I still leave the battle plan to you. You must make it more detailed so that the commanders know what is going on. How they react in emergencies is very important.”

Mr. Zhen nodded, then he glanced at Sun Buyu, and then said: "Everyone, I want to talk about one thing, which is about the Dark Trench. The situation there is a bit special. Ordinarily, here, it is There should not be a place like the Dark Trench, because it is completely different from other places we have explored. In this case, such a place still appears. This is a problem in itself. What I mean is, The people we send to the Dark Trench must be careful, I am worried that there may be something under the Dark Trench, otherwise, the Dark Trench will not appear here in the Dragon Realm."

When they heard what he said, Sun Buyu and the others couldn't help but be stunned. Then they immediately understood what Mr. Zhen meant. Sun Buyu nodded and said: "That's true. If there is something in the Dark Trench, it will indeed be against..." We have had a great impact, okay, I will give an order to let the alien clan pay attention, and I will also send people to go to the Dark Trench to see what is under the Dark Trench."

Mr. Zhen nodded, then he saluted to several people, then turned and left. When Mr. Zhen left, Sun Buyu turned to several people and said, "What do you think of the Dark Trench?" said Mr. Zhen. Reminder, he then remembered that the situation in the Dark Trench was indeed very strange. He had been worried about this matter before, but because of the Turtle Clan, he had completely forgotten about it. Now After being reminded by the boss, he finally remembered that the Dark Trench was indeed very strange. It was a place that should not appear in the world of Tianlong Babu, but he really existed. What did Sun Buyu do? Can you not be surprised.

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "It is indeed very weird there. I also suggest sending a team of people to go down and have a look. It is best to bring experts who know magic circles so that they can set up defensive magic circles at any time. Only in this way can we To better ensure the safety of the disciples who enter, if we don’t understand the situation there, it will be a threat to us."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Yes, any situation that cannot be completely controlled and mastered by us is a threat to us. We must be more careful. Let's let the alien clan take a rest. After a few days, let them enter the Dark Trench, and at the same time send a team of people to enter the Dark Trench and check the bottom of the Dark Trench. They must fully understand the situation in the Dark Trench. "

Everyone nodded. Sun Buyu glanced at the radar screen, and then said in a deep voice: "Let everyone take a rest. The next time we advance, we must advance to Coral City, and then take a rest, and then in Move forward." Several people all nodded. They all felt that it was time for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to take a good rest.

At this time, the Turtle Clan's awakening plan is still in progress. Several Turtle Clan members have been awakened, especially the person who was awakened by the Nine Spirit Jade before. He has now fully recovered, but this long-term The suspended animation of time also made his body a little weak, and it took him some time to fully recover.

But this already made Elder Jiuling very happy. Watching the Turtle Clan people regain their vitality one by one, this was the happiest thing for him. Of course, what he cared about the most was the children of the Turtle Clan people. He wanted to see Let's see if the children of the Turtle Tribe can recover. After all, suspended animation for a long time is very taxing on the body. He is afraid that those children will not be able to survive.

Fortunately, the children of the Turtle Tribe recovered in the end. Although there were a few losses, in general, the losses were not very big. After all, suspended animation also had a certain recovery effect for the Turtle Tribe, so It's not surprising that they can recover.

It was already two days later when all the Turtle Clan members recovered. After seeing that all the Turtle Clan members had recovered, Jiuling Lao directly introduced Jiuling Jade to a Sea Clan member of the Blood Killing Sect, but he and Bafang... He returned to the frontline command ship of the Blood Killing Sect. He had to go to the front line to take a look, because this was the Dragon World, and he knew the Dragon World very well. He had to let the people of the Blood Killing Sect know that this place in the Dragon World was In this situation, the people of the Blood Killing Sect must understand his value.

When he and Bafang arrived at the frontline headquarters, they saw Sun Buyu and the others were there, and they were looking at the radar screen. But now there were two radar screens, one was the radar screen for the advancing army, and this one was It is very easy to identify. As long as you see the blood-killing sect's army moving forward under the radar screen, you will understand. However, the other radar screen does not display this, but some lights occupying an area. , patrolling around.

Sun Buyu and the others also saw Elder Jiuling and Bafang. As soon as he saw the two coming, he immediately saluted them and said: "Elder Jiuling, Elder Bafang, how are you here? The Turtle Clan can now Are you all safe? You don’t need to come here for a while. The Turtle Clan has just joined the Blood Killing Sect and there are still many things to do. You can stay and accompany them."

Elder Jiuling also returned the gift, then shook his head and said in a deep voice: "The turtle tribe has already arrived at the Xuanwu Sea. It only takes a period of recovery for them to have no problems. In fact, they have no problem fighting now, but It’s just that the combat effectiveness will be affected to some extent. We don’t need to keep watching. Now is the time for the sect to employ people. We want to put more effort into the sect master. After all, the two of us know the dragon world best."

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he did not object. Instead, he said to Jiuling Lao: "Okay, if you two think there is no problem, then just stay here. We, the situation here in the Dragon Realm, are better than Come on, we are too far behind. Now we are preparing for two armies to advance at the same time. One is the main army, advancing from the front battlefield. On the other side, we have sent people into the Dark Trench to prepare for surprise troops to come from the Dark Trench. At the trench, we are attacking the Dragon King's army. At the same time, we are sending a small team to conduct a thorough reconnaissance of the trench. We must understand the situation at the Dark Trench. We must have a good understanding of the Dark Trench. Otherwise, there will be It has always been a dangerous existence, and I will never allow any existence that is not controlled by our Blood Killing Sect to survive on the territory of our Blood Killing Sect."