c7612 wake

Old Jiuling also came back to his senses at this time. He turned to look at Bafang and the others, and then smiled bitterly and said: "He is dead. You also know that when the Turtle Clan enters the state of Turtle Breath Technique, there is almost nothing To fight back, he was worried that something would happen to the Turtle Clan people. After everyone else used the Turtle Breathing Technique to enter a state of suspended animation, he has been staying here. It is already very remarkable that he can persist until now. When he saw At that moment, he couldn't hold on anymore."

After hearing what Jiuling Lao said, everyone understood what he meant. Jiuling Lao had been looking for this cave entrance before, but the cave entrance was sealed by the cold. After finding the cave entrance, he opened it directly. He was very happy when he found the entrance of the cave. He couldn't help but let out a long roar, which was the sound they heard before in Bafang. But then he saw the Nine Spirit Jade, and the Nine Spirit Jade had already exhausted the hole. The lamp died. In order to ensure the safety of other turtle clan members, he consumed all his life and became what he is now.

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, his face became very ugly. To be honest, he really didn't expect that Jiulingyu would die like this, which made him very sad. But at this moment, However, Shu Feng walked to Elder Jiuling and said to Elder Jiuling: "Elder Jiuling, if you agree, you can turn him into a clan of undead. You should also know that the Jiuling we have killed with blood is What's going on with this clan? Turning him into the undead clan is equivalent to giving him a second life, and he will have two more lives. In other words, he can still be alive, but he has changed. It’s just a form.”

Hearing what Jiuling Lao said, Bafang couldn't help but be startled, and then he immediately said: "Yes, sir, you can turn Jiuling Jade into the undead clan. In our Blood Killing Sect, the undead clan belongs to the Blood Killing Sect. Disciple, he became a dead soul in the clan, but he is just living in another way, nothing will happen to him."

When the old man Jiuling heard what the two said, his eyes couldn't help but light up, and he said: "Yes, the undead clan can turn him into the undead clan. I will do it now." After saying that, he took it directly. He took out the identity card and prepared to crush it. He knew that as long as the identity card was broken, a force would appear and turn Jiulingyu into a clan of undead.

Shu Feng said quickly: "Lord Jiuling, it doesn't have to be like this. In your external incarnation, there is a magic circle that can turn people into the undead clan. You can just use your external incarnation, no identity card is needed. "Of course Shu Feng will not let Jiuling Lao use his identity card. The identity card cannot turn Jiu Lingyu into the undead clan, because the identity card is specifically for Jiuling Lao, and Jiuling Jade is It was useless, but now was not the time to talk about this, so he directly stopped Jiuling Lao.

When Jiuling Lao heard what Shu Feng said, he was stunned at first, but then nodded and said: "Yes, there is also an external incarnation." After saying that, he directly gave the order to the external incarnation, and following his order, from A burst of black smoke suddenly shot out from his body, directly covering Jiulingyu. When the black smoke disappeared, Jiulingyu also opened his eyes. He glanced around, and finally focused on Old Jiuling. His eyes immediately turned red, and he immediately saluted Mr. Jiuling and said, "Father, it's great that you're okay." After saying that, he actually started crying.

Jiuling Lao's eyes were also red, and then he patted Jiulingyu's back gently and said: "Yu'er, don't worry, I'm fine, you did a good job, I just saw it, we None of the turtle clan members died, they just entered a state of suspended animation, which is good, very good, and I am very happy to be a father, really very happy."

Jiulingyu also calmed down at this time. He glanced at Old Jiuling, and then said in a deep voice: "When the Dragon King accused my father of unfounded crimes, and he was about to die, I knew that we Turtle Clan people would definitely There will be a catastrophe, and we are ready to fight to the death, but the Dragon King does not want to kill us. Instead, he sends us to the Dark Trench. If we disagree at that time, he will immediately kill us. Attack, there were several races who attacked with him. We had no choice but to enter the Dark Trench. When we headed towards the Dark Trench, I was already prepared. After arriving at the Dark Trench, we immediately Just dig a cave, and then everyone uses the turtle breath technique to enter the state of suspended animation, so that we can survive. Otherwise, our turtle tribe will probably perish. After we got here, we dug out the cave, and then everyone They all used the Turtle Breathing Technique to achieve a state of suspended animation. I am worried about everyone's safety, so I have been staying here. By the way, am I not dead? What is going on?" After speaking, Jiulingyu quickly looked at his own Body, he really wanted to know, what was wrong with him? Why he was still alive now despite clearly remembering that he was dead, puzzled him.

Jiuling Lao looked at Jiuling Yu's appearance and smiled bitterly: "Yu'er, you are dead now, but I used the secret method of the Blood Killing Sect to turn you into the undead clan. I have now joined the Blood Killing Sect. Sect, and our Blood Killing Sect was born to overthrow the rule of the Dragon King. This time I come to you just to save you."

Jiu Lingyu has not had contact with the outside world for a long time. He does not know the situation of the outside world at all, so when he heard what Jiu Ling said, he looked at Jiu Ling with some confusion and said: "Father, you are talking about blood killing." What kind of organization is Zong? Why haven't I heard of it? Is it an organization organized by you?" Jiulingyu knew very well that Jiuling always had the strength to organize an organization by himself, so he That's why you ask.

Jiu Ling Lao simply explained the Blood Killing Sect to Jiu Lingyu, and then said: "Now Bafang and I have joined the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, there are also the Swordfish Clan and the Sailfish Clan who have joined the Blood Killing Clan. You As long as you remember these, don't worry about anything else. What we have to do now is to transfer the clansmen to the Blood Killing Sect as soon as possible, and then let them recover as soon as possible. Although the Turtle Breath Technique is a very good one of ours It is a life-saving method, but using Turtle Breath Technique for a long time will also cause certain damage to our bodies, so hurry up and act."

As soon as he finished speaking, he heard Shu Feng say: "Elder Jiuling, I'm going to set up a teleportation array. We people don't need a teleportation array, but the Turtles do. I'm going to set up a teleportation array and send everyone there." Right." Shu Feng knew very well that Jiuling Lao was very valued in the Blood Killing Sect. It was necessary to get the Turtle Clan into the Blood Killing Sect, not to mention that the sect leader had obtained the right to do so. 's permission.

Old Jiuling looked at it, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's gather all the people from the Turtle Clan, and then let each of our disciples take one or several Turtle Clan members with them and return to the Blood Killing Sect together. It will be faster to go there. We are not planning to build a base here anyway, so why not everyone leave. Even if we plan to build a base here, as long as we have the coordinates here, we can come back at any time. It won’t have any impact.”

Shu Feng nodded and said: "Okay, let's do it this way. We can send the turtle tribe back to the sect in the shortest time. As for how the sect will deal with the Dark Trench, then It's no longer under our control." Several people nodded, and then Shu Feng waved his hand, and all the alien disciples moved and moved all the turtle clan over.

Jiulingyu was still a little worried that the people from the Blood Killing Sect would be careless, but he soon discovered that his worries were unnecessary. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were very careful when moving those people. When the Turtle Clan used magic, they did not move those people directly, so the Turtle Clan people would not be affected in any way.

Soon all the Turtle Clan people moved out. There are quite a few Turtle Clan people, tens of millions in total. Of course, the bodies of these Turtle Clan people also vary from big to small. For the convenience of their own movement, the alien disciples moved these turtles The tribesmen are all stacked together, with the big ones on the bottom and the small ones on top, so that the area occupied by these turtle tribe members will become smaller.

After doing this, each alien stood next to a group of Turtle Clan people. Then the Turtle Clan people and the aliens all disappeared. The next moment they had appeared in the Xuanwu Sea of ​​the Blood Killing Sect. When they arrived in the Xuanwu Sea, Nine Only then did Ling Lao let out a sigh of relief. He knew that they would be safe once they entered the Xuanwu Sea.

Then the turtle tribe members were awakened, which had to be done by the turtle tribe members. The Turtles enter a state of suspended animation and will wake up in three situations. The first is when they encounter danger. This danger does not mean that they feel danger, it is not like that, but that someone attacks them and hits them. They feel danger on their bodies, and they will wake up only under such circumstances.

The second case is that they wake up on their own. They have been asleep for a certain period of time and suddenly feel the change in the outside temperature. They find that the outside environment is more suitable for their survival, and they will wake up on their own. In this case It is generally only suitable for use when they enter a state of periodic suspended animation. The so-called periodic state of suspended animation is actually a habit of the Turtle Clan. Some Turtle Clan people live in areas with warm seasons and cold seasons. During the warm season, they will move, but during the cold season, they will not move and will enter a state of suspended animation. When the outside environment warms up and the warm season arrives, they will move again. Wake up once.

The third situation is that someone wakes them up, but it is not so easy to wake up the turtle tribe. The turtle tribe must do it themselves, using a special method, so that those turtle tribe members can be awakened. Awaken, otherwise, those turtle clan members will not be awakened.

Fortunately, Jiuling Lao and Jiuling Yu are both from the Turtle Clan. They can both wake up the Turtle Clan. In fact, Jiu Lingyu has already done this before. He already felt that he could not support it anymore, so he Awakened a turtle tribe member and asked that turtle tribe member to take over his job, but it would take a certain amount of time for the turtle tribe member to wake up. Before the turtle tribe member woke up, Old Jiu Ling and the others arrived, so that turtle tribe member The clansmen haven’t woken up yet.