c7614 idea

When Elder Jiuling and Bafang heard what Sun Buyu said, they couldn't help but feel shocked. Then they glanced at Jiang Shenglin and the others, only to find that Jiang Shenglin and the others didn't seem to have any objection. This made the two of them have alarm bells. Judging from the performance of the two of them, the Blood Killing Sect has always had this attitude towards their enemies. They will never allow any forces beyond their control to appear within the Blood Killing Sect's sphere of influence.

What does this mean? It means that the entire Blood Killing Sect has this attitude. Thinking deeply, this must be Zhao Hai’s attitude. In other words, Zhao Hai is a very controlling person and he will not allow it. , if anyone who is not within his control appears, if that is the case, it is not good news for them.

Elder Jiuling had always been worried that these new members of the Blood Killing Sect would be squeezed out by those in the Blood Killing Sect. In order to gain greater benefits, they wanted to form a group to increase their right to speak, and now they are like this But problems with doing so have also arisen. The biggest question is, if they really do this, will they become uncontrollable factors in the Blood Killing Sect? If that is really the case, Then they would be very dangerous.

Sun Buyu did not pay attention to the eyes of Jiuling Lao and Bafang, but looked at the radar screen showing the Dark Trench, and then said: "We must be careful. Logically speaking, dragons should not appear in the Dark Trench. It is here in the world, but now it has appeared, so I thought there must be some problem there. If we don’t figure out the situation there, it will always be a threat to us, so this time I sent a small team The elites, including the disciples who are proficient in formations, are here to see what is under the dark trench."

At this time, Jiuling Lao and Bafang also collected their thoughts and nodded. They would not object to Sun Buyu's decision. They also wanted to know what was there in the Dark Trench after so many years. Well, they never knew the situation in the Dark Trench.

At this time, Sun Buyu turned to look at Jiuling Lao and Bafang, and then said to the two of them: "Don't you two know much about the situation in the Dark Trench? If you know anything, tell it now, and I will Inform those who enter the Dark Trench to prevent them from making any mistakes."

Jiu Ling Lao and Bafang shook their heads at the same time. Jiu Ling Lao smiled bitterly and said: "We really don't know much about the situation in the Dark Trench. It is not suitable for us sea tribesmen to survive there, so we don't know much about it. Pay less attention to it, that is a place of exile for our Sea Clan, so the races that were exiled there, except for our Turtle Clan, almost all other races have died."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "In this case, it doesn't matter. Let them explore slowly by themselves. We are not in a hurry anyway. Let's take a look at the situation on the frontal battlefield. Soon we will be able to put the coral on the ground." The city has been completely integrated into the territory of our Blood Slaughter Sect, and I plan to build it into a base, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded. The situation in Coral City is actually very good now. The people of the Sea Tribe may have focused all their energy on dealing with their army, so they have not sent troops there, so it is still very safe there. , there is really nothing to pay attention to.

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "Among the powerful fighting races under the Dragon King, the Shark Clan has not yet appeared, and the Sea Snake Clan has not appeared yet. Although the Mantis Shrimp Clan has appeared, the number is not very large, so the Mantis Shrimp Clan has not appeared yet. There should be a lot more of our army. In addition, there should be some whale tribesmen, some crab tribesmen, and walrus tribesmen. If these races are all added together, the number will not be small. We must deal with it carefully. That’s all.”

Several people all nodded, and Bafang suddenly said: "In the hands of the Dragon King, there should be two more powerful races, one is the jellyfish tribe, and the other is the moray eel tribe. There are a lot of people, and their fighting power is very strong. The jellyfish tribe has many tentacles, and they are very good at using poison. They are no worse than our blue-light octopus tribe, but their defense capabilities are not as good as our blue-light octopus tribe. , their speed is not as fast as our blue-light octopus clan, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to deal with them.”

Old Jiuling said: "The people of the Moray Clan shouldn't be too difficult to deal with. Their bodies look a bit like sea snakes, and they like to hide in rocks or sand to sneak attack enemies. But we There is a clan of aliens, so there should be no problem in dealing with them.”

Sun Buyu nodded. This is a new situation and they must pay attention to it. Old Jiuling said that the Moray Clan is good at sneak attacks in the mud. Because they have the Alien Clan, they are also good at fighting in the mud, so there is no need. Worried, but Sun Buyu knows that he has sent all the aliens to the Dark Trench. There are not many aliens in their frontline army now. If the enemy really launches a sneak attack on them underground, That would still be very troublesome.

However, he is not planning to transfer the alien clan back. They are here just to train their troops. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will encounter all kinds of enemies in the future. Who said monks won't sneak attack people underground? There are so many earth escape monks, and the combat effectiveness of those guys in the earth is not weak at all. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't learn to deal with such attacks, then they may suffer big losses in the future, so This time, just let them experience the attack of this moray eel first.

Jiang Shenglin said to Elder Jiuling: "Elder Jiuling, if there is any special race here in the Dragon Realm, please tell us so that we can have an idea. Even if the number of that race is not very large, you still have to Tell us, we must be fully prepared."

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "There are many races in the sea, and sometimes new races will appear. In fact, there are not many races that can really pose a threat to our Blood Killing Sect, so we don't have to We care too much. Apart from the races we mentioned above, I think the only races that can pose a threat to us are the seahorse clan and the stickleback clan. The characteristics of the seahorse clan are very obvious, and their defense power is very high. Strong, the attacks mainly rely on water-based spells, and they are known as sea magicians. However, the number of the seahorse clan is not very large, so there is no need to pay too much attention to it. As for the stickleback clan, it is a general term, and it is a general term for a large species. A collective name for fish groups.”

Bafang said: "Yes, there are many kinds of stickleback fish, including spiny ball fish, stone fish and many other kinds of fish, all of which have spines. We will collectively call them stickleback fish clan. These stickleback fish clan, generally They are all poisonous and have spikes on their bodies, but one characteristic of these fish is that they are very gentle in character and rarely attack people actively. In addition, they are generally not big in size and they all live in coral reefs. nearby, so under normal circumstances, they will not take the initiative to attack us, but if we attack them, they will definitely fight back, so what I mean is, can we let the disciples in the sect, When moving forward, we must pay more attention to this aspect. If we encounter these races, can we get them into the Xuanwu Sea instead of attacking them."

Sun Buyu thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "That's possible, but we have to have someone to communicate with them. You see, we are now inviting the Swordfish Clan and Sailfish Clan to enter the Dragon Realm to communicate with those fish. Can we communicate and let them join the Blood Killing Sect?"

"Let us, the blue-light octopus clan, also enter the Dragon Realm. We can also persuade those people, whether they are sea clans or ordinary sea beasts. We can do our best not to kill them. Of course, we cannot let them stay. On our territory, otherwise, they may pass news to the Dragon King. The Dragon King has this ability and can communicate with any kind of sea beasts and get news from the outside world from them. If we let those sea beasts on our territory, If we move, the Dragon King will know the news about us. Although we are not afraid of them, it may not be a good thing if they know our truth." Bafang said, he is really willing to let the Blue Light Octopus Clan, Also participate in the action of this exchange.

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Okay, then it's settled. Elder Jiuling, please go to Xuanwu Space with Elder Bafang to call for people, and tell them that they don't need to participate in the battle, they just need to help us persuade us to surrender." Those sea tribesmen and sea beasts are fine, our Blood Killing Sect is not a bloodthirsty race."

The two nodded, then saluted Sun Buyu, then turned and left. After the two returned to the Xuanwu Sea, they did not immediately gather people from other tribes, but went directly to Pearl City. Then they entered Bafang's study. Although Bafang now has his own yard outside, they are still used to living here.

After the two arrived in the study, Mr. Jiuling looked at Bafang and said, "Bafang, you heard what Elder Sun said before. Do you think he did it intentionally or unintentionally?" Mr. Jiuling and Bafang actually wanted to find excuses. The most important thing to talk about alone is to talk about what Sun Buyu said before. Those words Sun Buyu said before really made them feel frightened. It was precisely because of what-if that why Old Jiuling was like this. ask.

Bafang frowned and said: "This is really hard to tell. If he did it intentionally, it means that he already knows our plan, but few people should know about our plan, right? If he did it unintentionally, it means that they don't know our plan, so everything is fine. However, we must be vigilant about the meaning of his words. If the entire Blood Killing Sect thinks so Yes, then if we really want to unite and gain a greater say, I'm afraid we will run into their opposition."