c7616 tell each other

After a while, Jianlin, Tu Ying and Ba Zu were called to a small conference room of the Blue Light Octopus Clan. When they arrived at the small conference room, they immediately saluted Jiuling Lao and Bafang. They were usually arranging themselves these days. The tribesmen are learning about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. They now have a very good understanding of the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. They know their current status in the Blood Killing Sect, so they respect the two people even more. They also know that now they must unite with Jiuling Lao and Bafang, otherwise it will not be of any benefit to them.

Old Jiuling waved his hands at a few people, and then said in a deep voice: "I called you here today because there is a sect mission that I want to tell you about, and there is another thing that I want to remind you of. I hope You must be prepared in your mind. When it comes to this matter, you really blame me. I didn’t think about it before, so I did the wrong thing.”

What Jiuling Lao said made Jianlin and the others a little confused. They all looked at Jianlin in confusion. They didn't know what Jianlin meant by his words. Jianlin looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance and said. : "Lord Jiuling, what's going on? Has the sect given you some tasks that you can't complete? Don't worry, we will fully support you." In Jianlin's view, this is the only thing that can be done now. This thing can really give Old Jiuling and the others a headache, and nothing else will happen.

Old Jiuling shook his head, and then said in a deep voice: "That's not the case. This time the sect's mission was taken on my own initiative. The sect will use all its strength to deal with the Dragon King and the others, so I asked Elder Sun for permission. , let all our Sea Clan people enter the Dragon Realm, and collect all the ordinary sea beasts there into the Xuanwu Sea. If we encounter the Sea Clan, try our best to persuade them to surrender, so that fewer Sea Clan people will die. .”

When Jian Lin and the others heard what Mr. Jiuling said, their faces changed slightly, but they didn't say anything. Mr. Jiuling was also a man who matured with age. As soon as he saw Jian Lin and the others, he knew what Jian Lin and the others were thinking. , he immediately said: "I know you may be worried that the sect will let us attack the Dragon King and the others directly, and in the end we will lose both sides. If you really think so, then Don’t worry, that’s not the case. The sect doesn’t mean that. They just want us to persuade those sea beasts and sea tribesmen to surrender, and they have no intention of using us as cannon fodder.”

Jian Lin and the others breathed a sigh of relief, and then they all looked at Old Jiuling with some confusion. Old Jiuling looked at them and smiled slightly: "My headache is another matter. This matter says Look, it’s really a bit embarrassing. I made a mistake in my judgment and put everyone in a very dangerous situation. It’s my fault.”

Tu Ying looked at Mr. Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "Master Jiuling, please tell me clearly what is going on. No matter what it is, we will support you." Tu Ying was really a little worried. He didn't quite understand what Jiuling Lao meant, and Jiuling Lao hadn't said it yet, why he felt there was danger. This was what Tu Ying was most worried about.

Jiuling Lao sighed softly, but Bafang said at this time: "The thing is like this. Your Excellency suggested before that all of us Dragon Realm Sea Clan members should unite and strive for greater benefits from the sect, and he This is what I told everyone, but a recent incident has made you realize that his proposal may harm everyone."

Having said this, Bafang paused for a moment, and then said: "This matter also starts from what happened just now. We just brought the Turtle Clan people from the Dark Trench to the Xuanwu Sea. The Turtle Clan people are all safe. Elder Sun also issued an order for a full-scale attack, but one of his orders was for the Alien Clan. He asked the Alien Clan to station themselves at the Dark Trench, and then sent a small group of elite disciples from the sect to explore the Dark Trench. Trench, because he believed that they did not understand the situation in the Trench of Darkness at all, so no one knew whether there was anything in the Trench of Darkness that would pose a threat to the sect leader, and this matter, for them, It is absolutely unacceptable, they will not allow it, because anything that can threaten the sect exists within the scope of the sect."

Speaking of this, Bafang stopped once. Then he glanced at Jiang Lin and the others, and found that neither Jiang Lin nor Bazhu expressed anything. Only Tu Ying's face changed slightly. It was obvious that Tu Ying had almost thought of what it was. Something happened, but Jiang Lin and Bazu didn't think about it at all, which made Bafang sigh. It seemed that both Jiang Lin and Bazu were worse than Tu Ying in this aspect. A lot.

Bazu did not let Tu Lin say anything, but continued: "On the surface, this matter sounds like it has nothing to do with us, but in fact, for us, this matter has nothing to do with it. No, from these words, we can tell that the people of the Blood Killing Sect will not allow anything that can threaten them to exist, whether it is a person, a monster, or a force. , none of them work, and if we people really get together, it may also be a threat to the Blood Killing Sect, which they will never allow."

Upon hearing what Bazu said, everyone fell silent. Jianlin and Baxi's expressions became very ugly. Tu Ying, on the other hand, his expression had recovered now. He said in a deep voice: "This This situation is also normal. If I were the sect leader, I would not allow such a force to exist within my sect. It is true that we have thought too little about this matter. The Blood Killing Sect is powerful. Now it's not that he is begging us to surrender and join the Blood Killing Sect, but that we have to join the Blood Killing Sect in order to save our lives. This is fundamentally different. Perhaps it is because of this that we want to stick together more. Because only holding together can make us feel safer, but this is unacceptable to the sect."

Bafang and Jiulinglao all nodded. Tu Ying's reaction was really fast enough. He found the problem so quickly, and he was able to face his own problem. This was already very good. At least like this Come, he can understand the difficulties of Jiuling Lao, which is also a good thing for Jiuling Lao.

Tu Ying then said: "But if we don't stick together, then if the sect really wants to deal with us in the future, then we really won't have the power to fight back at all. This is not the case for us. It must be a good thing, right? I wonder what Master Jiuling and the Bafang Clan Chief have in mind."

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "I have really considered this matter. What I mean is that as long as the sect can give us the treatment of sect disciples, then we will not object, as long as the sect does not deliberately target We disciples, then we should just be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but if the sect really wants to target us, then we will unite and fight to the death."

Jiuling Lao's words made Jianlin and Bazu even more puzzled. He didn't quite understand what Jiuling Lao meant. He didn't know what Jiuling Lao was thinking. Why did he tell everyone not to stick together at one moment, and then say that they should unite at the next? Get up, what does this mean? Do they want to unite or not?

Tu Ying understood what Elder Jiuling meant, and he said to Elder Jiuling: "I almost understand what you mean, sir. Do you think that after what happened in the Dragon Realm, the sect may do something to our various races?" Split it up and assign people of all races to different branches. When that time comes, don’t resist? But what does this mean? "

Old Jiuling nodded and said, "Yes, that's what I meant." After saying this, he glanced at Jianlin and the others. Sure enough, Jianlin and Bazu's expressions were a little ugly, but Tu Ying, on the other hand, His expression was very normal and he even nodded. This made Elder Jiuling even more interested in Tu Ying. He felt that Tu Ying might really become a very important figure in the Blood Killing Sect. Yes, this political acumen alone cannot be possessed by others.

Old Jiuling then spoke: "I don't need to say more about the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone should have known about it these days, and where are we now? It is in the Xuanwu Sea, and the Xuanwu Sea is in In Xuanwu Space, and what kind of place is Xuanwu Space, I don’t think I need to say it, everyone understands it, right? To put it bluntly, Xuanwu Space is the inner space of the sect master’s external incarnation. In other words, all of us are In the inner space created by the sect, in this inner space, the sect leader is God. If he wants to deal with us, he may be very easy, maybe just a thought is enough."

Having said this, Elder Jiuling paused for a moment, and then said: "If after what happened this time, the sect starts to split us up and starts letting our clansmen join each branch, I will not What are you worried about? Because it means that the sect really wants to accept us and treat us as ordinary disciples of the sect, so he split us up in order not to give us a chance to unite. In case we make any mistakes, on the contrary, if the sect does not have any restrictions on us and still allows us to exist as various races, I will be even more worried, because the sect may find an excuse at any time Come and deal with us.”

"The sect is very powerful. If they want to deal with us, they don't need to use the method of dividing them first and then defeating them one by one, because there is no need at all. With their strength, there is no need to bother with that. You only need to find an excuse to get rid of us directly. Why do you need to separate us? So after what happened in the Dragon Realm, if the sect really wants to separate our various clans and separate the disciples of each of our clans, If we are assigned to each branch, then we have nothing to worry about, it means that the sect does treat us as true disciples, otherwise, then we must be careful."

Old Jiuling's words made everyone fall into deep thought. After a while, Tu Ying finally said: "But Sir, what if the sect really wants to deal with us? What if the sect does not split up after the incident in Dragon Realm?" What about us? According to what you said, it means that the sect may deal with us, so what should we do? Just resist directly? "