c7617 plan

When Old Jiuling heard what Tu Ying said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then said: "No, if that happens, there will be no room for maneuver at all. When the time comes, I will take the initiative and let the sect take care of us. People from all ethnic groups are divided into various branch halls. This is equivalent to telling the people of the sect that we have no intention of being independent. When the time comes, I want to see what the sect leader will decide. If the sect leader then If they still want to deal with us, it won’t be too late for us to rise up and resist.”

Jian Lin said in a deep voice: "But Master Jiuling, if we really do this, wouldn't it be equivalent to actively dividing ourselves? If the sect really wants to deal with us, wouldn't it be even more difficult? Is it easy?" Jianlin really didn't expect that Old Jiuling would say this, which made him a little puzzled.

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "You also said that if the sect really wants to deal with us, we will split up, just to make it easier for the sect to deal with us. In fact, even if we stick together, the sect will not be able to deal with us." It is not difficult to deal with us. If we take the initiative to split up, maybe the sect that wants to deal with us will not do so because the sect knows that we really want to join the sect. Otherwise, we There may be more severe punishment from the sect.”

Jian Lin and the others didn't say anything. Jiuling Lao's approach was indeed okay, but if the sect really wanted to deal with them, they would be separated and have no room to fight back. This makes them more or less unwilling.

Jiuling Lao looked at them and said in a deep voice: "Don't think too much, everyone. What we think about is just the worst case scenario. The sect didn't admit us to deal with us. , otherwise, with the strength of the sect, there is no need for him to persuade us to surrender, he can just push us over. Whether it is me or you, who can stop the sect's attack? So in my opinion, The possibility that Zong Rang will deal with us is very small."

What Elder Jiuling said made everyone look a lot better. They thought that this was indeed the case. With the strength of the sect, if they really wanted to deal with them, they would not need to surrender them at all, just directly Just let the army push them across. There is no need to use so many methods. If nothing else, they have seen all Zhao Hai's methods. Zhao Hai alone can handle them all well. Is the Whale Clan powerful? Zhao Hai had already dealt with them in a blink of an eye. Compared with the Whale Clan, these races were still inferior. If the sect really wanted to deal with them, it would be too easy.

Bafang also glanced at a few people, and then said in a deep voice: "I think what the Lord said makes sense. Now the Lord is also a core elder. No matter what, he will argue for our Sea Clan, so it really is There is nothing to worry about, I really have never heard of the Blood Killing Sect killing people who surrendered, so you don’t have to worry about anything, we’d better find a way to complete the sect’s mission.”

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Yes, we'd better complete the sect's mission. There is really no need to think too much about other things. If everyone has no opinions on the sect's mission, then It’s time to take action. We have only one purpose, to persuade as many sea people as possible to join the sect. This is not to increase our strength, but to save their lives."

Bafang said in a deep voice: "In fact, the disciples in the sect are now eager to fight. If those guys don't surrender, it will be a dead end in the end. The disciples in the sect will happily turn them into It’s your own merit, what do you think?”

Several people looked at each other and nodded. They knew the rewards of the Blood Killing Sect. In the Blood Killing Sect, the highest reward was military merit. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were not afraid of fighting at all. They are still eager to fight, and they hope that they can participate in the battle. Only in this way can they obtain military merits and materials, which is very important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

From the time the Blood Killing Sect entered the Dragon Realm to now, there have not been many real wars, and most of the disciples have not been able to participate in the wars. In other words, the Blood Killing Sect’s Most of the disciples have not gained any military exploits after entering the Dragon Realm. This is not necessarily a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are now very eager to fight. You are right, because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are indeed eager to fight, because they want military merit and training supplies.

Old Jiuling glanced at a few people, and then said: "Okay, as long as you agree, then go back and prepare, and send out all the elites in the sect as much as possible. We are going to carry out this mission. It was completed so beautifully that no one in the sect had anything to say. If the sect really dealt with us in the future, then we could justly ask why they wanted to deal with the hero. If the sect If you don’t deal with us, then what we do this time will become our military merit, and we will get more credit. Isn’t this great?”

Everyone nodded. To be honest, when they saw the list of supplies provided by the Blood Killing Sect on the automatic manager, they were all shocked. They never thought that the Blood Killing Sect would be so rich. Chengdu, all kinds of training materials, can really be said to be everything you need, and the most important thing is that their demand for these materials has suddenly become low, which makes them a little uncomfortable.

They really wanted to see what happened and why it happened. Later, they thought about it carefully and found out that the reason why their need for those supplies was reduced was because of the Blood Killing Sect. Many of the things given to them can replace those supplies.

In the past, when they practiced, a group had only one set of exercises. Everyone practiced that set of exercises. Some people were very adaptable and would practice faster. Some people were not adaptable and would practice better. Slower, some people with good backgrounds will get more supplies, and some people with poor backgrounds will get less supplies, and these also cause the gap in their strength, which will make their clan members Many people feel it is unfair.

But here in the Blood Killing Sect, it is not like that. Here in the Blood Killing Sect, it can be done. It is roughly fair. As long as the strength is about the same, then you will get similar treatment, and the training techniques you will get must be Suitable for you, but this method is not the best. If you want to get the best method for you at the same level, you need to use contribution points to exchange for it, and the contribution points are It requires military merit or other tasks to obtain it, which is actually fair to everyone.

If you don’t want to take risks and just want to do some safe tasks, then the contribution points you get may be less. If what you get is some combat merit, then you will get more contribution points, depending on how fast you practice. , it all depends on how many contribution points you have, it all depends on yourself.

Now they have also noticed that the contribution points of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect usually come from changing their cultivation methods, and few people come to exchange for supplies, because the demand for supplies by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is really not high. Those who practice are suitable for them. If you want to be the most suitable, you have to contribute, and the materials are the same. Everyone has an external incarnation, everyone has their own skills, and everyone will learn the same thing. , this is very fair to them.

The role of the external incarnation is really important for a monk. It can help them practice, and it can also replace all magical weapons. This allows them to not have to worry about the magical weapons. what. In addition to the external incarnation, there is also the existence of the real illusion. The use of the real illusion is really great. They can learn things there, conduct practical training there, and improve their skills there. All of this , which is unimaginable in other sects, and precisely because of this, their need for materials has reached a very low level.

So after they understood these situations, it was not surprising that the Blood Killing Sect had so many supplies. In other sects, some supplies that might have been taken over their heads were nowhere to be seen when they arrived at the Blood Killing Sect. They have to be well-received, because it is very normal. They practice very quickly and do not need pills to help them speed up their practice. If they speed up their practice, it may cause their foundation to be unstable. Yes, this is very dangerous for a monk, so those herbal materials are not very attractive to them.

This is especially true for magic weapons and materials. After they have the external incarnation, they no longer need those materials. What magic weapon can they use more easily than the external body? There are almost none, so such materials are not attractive to them.

The same is true for magic circle materials, because there is a light brain in the external avatar, and there are countless magic circles there. What kind of magic circle they want to use, they can directly let the light brain command the external avatar to turn it into that kind of magic circle. The formation is just that, there is no need to get a magic formation at all, so this kind of materials are not very attractive to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

The only thing that has some appeal may be some healing elixirs. In the Blood Killing Sect, there are very few other elixirs, but there are a lot of healing elixirs, and they are very cheap, so every Everyone will have some on hand, and I heard that the sect is currently researching better wound medicine, which is definitely a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

As for life-saving elixirs, they are almost impossible to see in the Blood Killing Sect. If you are really no match for the enemy and can't run away, then just try your best. Anyway, every Blood Killing Sect disciple has five lives. It doesn’t matter if you lose one, so in the Blood Killing Sect, there are really not many life-saving elixirs, and few disciples carry them with them. In this way, they need even fewer supplies. In addition to getting Apart from better practice skills, they probably don't need anything else.

: