c7627 warn

Tu Ying and others returned to Pearl City in confusion. In a small conference room of the Blue Light Octopus Clan, they all didn't understand why Jiuling Lao and Bafang sent someone to call them back just after they left. Well, haven't they already discussed everything before? Now what is this for?

Jiuling Lao glanced at a few people, then waved his hand and said: "Here, sit down." Several people glanced at Jiuling Lao and Bafang with some confusion, and found that their faces were not very good-looking, so They didn't ask any more questions. They all found a place to sit down, and then looked at Old Jiuling one by one. They knew that if Old Jiuling came to them, he would definitely tell them what happened, otherwise If so, I won't come to them.

Jiuling Lao glanced at a few people, and then said: "Er Zhuo may not know, but the rest of you must know that when you first joined the Blood Killing Sect, I told you that we must recruit more The Sea Clan has entered the Blood Killing Sect. Only in this way, the number of our Sea Clan in the Blood Killing Sect has increased. If we unite together, we can gain greater benefits for our Sea Clan. I think so. Everyone remembers it, right?"

Except for Wang Erzhuo, the others all nodded, and Old Jiuling continued: "Two days ago, I called everyone over again and told everyone that we can no longer hug each other, the sect will not Allowing this, if we do this, it may arouse the resentment of the sect, and at that time, the sect may deal with us, I believe everyone remembers this, right?"

Everyone nodded at once. Of course they remembered what Elder Jiuling said just now, and they would only have a few days. Moreover, what Elder Jiuling meant at that time was that everyone was not united, but if the sect really wanted to deal with them, , they would also fight to the death, and they all agreed.

Now that Elder Jiuling talked about this matter again, they thought that Elder Jiuling had regretted it again, so they all looked at Elder Jiuling with some confusion to see what Elder Jiuling was going to say next. Elder Jiuling looked at Everyone glanced at each other, and then said: "Today I discussed this matter with Bafang again. We feel that we need to make this matter clear to the sect leader, otherwise, it may cause misunderstandings in the sect."

Upon hearing what Jiuling Lao said, the expressions of several people couldn't help but change. Tu Ying immediately said: "Sir, do you really want to do this? If the sect leader doesn't know about this, how can you and the sect master be like this?" Once you say that, won't the sect leader be very angry? What if he punishes you for this?"

Bafang looked at Tu Ying's look, smiled bitterly, and then said: "Just when I was discussing this matter with the adults and was about to go to see the sect master, the sect master had already arrived. The sect master told us that from the time we entered The Sect Master has been monitoring us since the beginning of the Blood Killing Sect. Everything we said and did before was seen by the Sect Master. The Sect Master was very disappointed with our initial decision. If we really dare to unite , if we want to benefit from the sect, the sect leader will definitely destroy us, not just a few of us, but the entire Hai Clan."

When Tu Ying and others heard what Bafang said, their faces turned pale. They now also know the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. If the Blood Killing Sect wants to deal with them, the consequences will be really unimaginable. People like them are afraid No one can survive. Even Wang Erzhuo, who had just joined the Blood Killing Sect and didn't know much about the Blood Killing Sect's strength, had the same idea, because from what he had seen of the Blood Killing Sect's strength, it was already It made him feel very desperate.

Jiuling Lao looked at everyone, smiled bitterly, and then said: "And the sect master also said that even if he doesn't deal with us, if we really make such a request, then we will be equal to killing us with the blood. The other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are separated, which means that we have isolated ourselves. How should we face the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the future? Those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will probably not regard us as their own. ”

When Tu Ying and the others heard what Jiuling Lao said, they immediately understood what Jiuling Lao meant, and cold sweat broke out on their heads. They had just joined the Blood Killing Sect. If they were really joining the Blood Killing Sect, If they become isolated, they will be doomed. They may not be able to gain a foothold in the Blood Killing Sect in the future. The other disciples in the Blood Killing Sect will definitely try their best to suppress them. By that time, even if they are If Zhao Hai doesn't deal with them, they will be dead.

Old Jiuling looked at everyone and then said: "Finally, the sect leader told us to get rid of such thoughts as soon as possible. If anyone dares to have such thoughts in the future, he will deal with them. I will call you here today. I just want to tell you about this matter. You should never have such thoughts again. If you have said this to other disciples, you must also tell them that they will be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect from now on. You should never think like this again. I wonder if I am a member of the Sea Clan, do you understand what I mean?" Old Jiuling is really afraid that these guys will do something stupid. If they really do something stupid, it will be over. No one can save them.

When Tu Ying and the others heard what Jiulinglao said, they all understood what Jiulinglao meant. In other words, from now on, they would be blood-killed disciples. It had nothing to do with whether they were from the Sea Clan or not. It doesn't matter if they surrender here in the Dragon Realm, that is to say, they will not receive any special treatment, but equally, they will not be looked down upon by anyone.

Tu Ying and the others immediately responded, and then Tu Ying said: "For us, this is the end of the matter. We wanted to work together to fight for benefits before, but it didn't mean that we had to fight for something for ourselves. The good thing is that we just want to be like other Blood Killing Sect disciples. Now that the sect leader has said this, it means that we will be like other Blood Killing Sect disciples in the future. This is definitely a good thing for us. .”

When the others heard what Tu Ying said, they all nodded. They felt that what Tu Ying said was reasonable. They had never thought about how much preferential treatment they would get from the Blood Killing Sect before, because they all knew that if they joined the Blood Killing Sect, The Killing Clan did not help the Blood Killing Clan much. On the contrary, by joining the Blood Killing Clan, they saved their own lives, which was even better for them.

When Old Jiuling heard what Tu Ying said, he couldn't help but nodded, and then said: "Okay, it's best if you think so. Tu Ying is right, what we want is to let the people of the Hai Clan, Just like the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, now the sect leader has promised us. If we are messing around, we can't blame the sect for being rude to us. Okay, this is what I want to say, and there is nothing else to say now. It's over, you all go back, Erzhuo, you stay here for a while."

The other people all responded, then turned and left. Only Wang Erzhuo stayed. After everyone else left, Old Jiuling looked at Wang Erzhuo and said, "Erzhuo, what we said before, what do you have?" Don’t you understand? If there’s anything you don’t understand, just ask me directly.”

Wang Erzhuo said: "No, although I don't know the specific things, but after listening to your conversation with Tu Ying and the others, I know what's going on. I don't have anything to ask. You don't have to ask." Worry about me, Your Majesty said that we will be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect from now on, then we will be the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and to be honest, the Blood Killing Sect is really good to us. I have seen my tribe before, they They are all living very well now and are very happy. The sect really takes good care of them, and I am very satisfied."

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Okay, it's best if you think so. You should also go back and settle down your tribe. In two days, we will move forward. Although I also know that next we will The Sea Tribe we meet may not listen to our advice, but we still have to try. No matter what, they are all Sea Tribe people, so we can save every one of them."

Wang Erzhuo responded, stood up, saluted to Mr. Jiuling, then turned and left. Watching him leave, Mr. Jiuling let out a sigh of relief. This matter was finally resolved satisfactorily. He was very happy, but at the same time he was really scared. He never thought that Zhao Hai's control over the Blood Killing Sect had reached such an extent. He believed that Zhao Hai had indeed entered the Blood Killing Sect since they entered it. , and began to monitor them, but he also firmly believed that Zhao Hai must have also monitored other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because in his opinion, Zhao Hai was capable of doing so.

Jiuling Lao didn't think much about it before, but now he suddenly remembered that the place they were in was not an ordinary interface. This was the inner space created by Zhao Hai. It was the space inside Zhao Hai's external incarnation, that is, Said, if Zhao Hai wants, then he is the god in this space. As long as he wants, he can know what anyone in this space is doing at any time, and he can monitor everyone in this space.

This made Elder Jiuling feel very scared, but at the same time he also felt very lucky. Fortunately, Zhao Hai did not have any ill intentions towards them. Otherwise, if Zhao Hai wanted to kill them, he might only need a thought. Jiulinglao felt very scared when he thought of this matter. Now he finally understood why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had always worshiped Zhao Hai as a god, because Zhao Hai was, to a certain extent, , indeed their god.

Thinking of this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but smile bitterly. The lives of these people were saved by Zhao Hai. Normally, they should be grateful to Zhao Hai, but after joining the Blood Killing Sect, the first thing they thought about was not It's not that he is grateful, but that he wants to form a group to blackmail Zhao Hai. People's hearts are really dissatisfied.

At this moment, Bafang also walked in from outside the door. He looked at the old Jiuling who was sitting on the chair, closing his eyes and concentrating, and said: "Sir, if we act like this now, will it cause other members of the Blood Killing Sect to be harmed?" The disciples' resentment? You know, if we do this, we will block their opportunity to earn military merit. This is also a big deal for them. If this matter arouses their resentment, then it will be a big deal. Trouble."