c7629 confess

Two days passed in the blink of an eye. Old Jiuling and the others were ready for the battle. However, before going out to fight, he still went to see Sun Buyu. Sun Buyu met Old Jiuling at the frontline headquarters. Logically speaking, Elder Jiuling is now a core elder, but Sun Buyu is not a core elder. Elder Jiuling's status is higher than that of Sun Buyu, but now Elder Jiuling can only obey Sun Buyu's orders, because Sun Buyu Buyu is the frontline commander, not to mention Jiuling is old. When necessary, Sun Buyu orders, and even Ding Chunming and the others have to listen.

Elder Jiuling also specifically inquired about Sun Buyu's identity. He also knew that Sun Buyu was not a core elder, but he did not mean to look down on Sun Buyu. He knew that Sun Buyu was the captain of the cavalry, and the entire cavalry , is the most powerful team in the Blood Killing Sect. No one dares to look down on the commander of such a team, no matter whether he is a core elder or not, so Elder Jiuling is also very polite to Sun Buyu.

Elder Jiuling also felt that he should make it clear to Sun Buyu that it would not be good if they were always at the front and robbed everyone of their military exploits. Although the sect rules stipulated it, people's feelings would be affected. It would not be good for them if Sun Buyu and the others were really offended by the Zong rules.

It is precisely because of this that after meeting with Sun Buyu, Mr. Jiuling said to Sun Buyu: "Elder Sun, you also know that the war on the front line is changing rapidly. Although we are from the Sea Clan, we are now under the control of the Dragon King. Everyone in the Sea Tribe knows our identity, which is very disadvantageous for us, so if we fail to persuade the other party to surrender, and the other party attacks us, and we start a fight with the other party, we cannot be blamed for taking the credit."

When Sun Buyu heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that Elder Jiuling would actually tell this matter. He couldn't help being stunned, and then he laughed and said: "Elder Jiuling You don’t need to be so polite. As you said, the situation on the battlefield changes rapidly. No one knows what will happen next moment. If the other party really attacks you, you have to fight back, so it is reasonable to fight with the other party. I have nothing to blame you for."

Elder Jiuling looked at Sun Buyu. He felt that there was something in Sun Buyu's words. After carefully looking at Sun Buyu's expression, he saw a trace of displeasure in Sun Buyu's eyes, which made Elder Jiuling feel a little uncomfortable in his heart. Shen, he immediately said to Sun Buyu: "Elder Sun, we will try our best to avoid direct war with each other. Please bear this in mind." His words were still a test. He wanted to see, Sun I wonder what kind of reaction he would have after hearing what he said.

Sun Buyu smiled and said: "It's okay, it's okay. If the other party attacks you, just fight back." Although he was smiling, the coldness in his eyes was much stronger. This made Old Jiuling even more puzzled. He didn't quite understand what Sun Buyu meant. Why wasn't he happy?

Old Jiuling stood there with a frown on his face. He was thinking about what he said wrongly and why Sun Buyu reacted like this. After a while, Old Jiuling suddenly realized that Sun Buyu and the others were not fools. They knew what would happen on the battlefield, and he also knew what the Hai Clan would do. They didn't blame the Hai Clan for grabbing credit. What made him angry was that he didn't admit it frankly. They were members of the same sect. They wanted to If you want to make more contributions, just say it directly. There is no need to make so many excuses.

When he thought of what Zhao Hai had said to him before, Old Jiuling couldn't help but be shocked. He understood that he had brought some of the methods of doing things in the Shenlonghai Kingdom to the Blood Slaughter Sect, and the Blood Slaughter Sect had The Killing Sect here is different from the Shenlonghai Kingdom. When he thought of this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he put on a smiling face and said to Sun Buyu: "Elder Sun, in fact, you are not afraid of your jokes. We also know that our Hai clan has just joined the Blood Killing Sect. After joining the Blood Killing Sect, we have nothing, and we are very envious of some good things in the sect, so we want them. Get more contribution points and exchange them for some good things, so please don’t blame us for taking credit.”

When Sun Buyu heard what Elder Jiuling said, his expression could not help but soften slightly, and then he said: "No, no, Elder Jiuling, you are too polite. I also know your situation. You want more. Contribution, that's what you should do, I won't blame you, but there is one thing I want to remind you, that is, there are not many things that are really useful to you in the sect, because the sect gives you what you need. , I have given them to you, there are some things that you may have needed very much before, but now that you are in the sect, you no longer need them, so don’t just change them when you see them, it’s useless.”

When Old Jiuling heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but be stunned, but then a smile appeared on his face. Sun Buyu said this, which was considered to be true to his heart. This meant that his previous idea was right, and Sun Buyu did not He was not angry with them for taking credit, but angry with him for not confessing. Now that he told his true thoughts, Sun Buyu's attitude improved immediately, which meant that he made the right bet.

Elder Jiuling nodded repeatedly and said: "Thank you, Elder Sun, for reminding me. I understand. Elder Sun, please rest assured that I know what to do." After speaking, Elder Jiuling saluted Sun Buyu, and then led Bafang away. , Bafang did not speak during the whole process. In the end, what Jiuling Lao and Sun Buyu said and their reactions were all seen by him, but to be honest, he didn't quite understand. He didn't understand why Jiuling The old man suddenly wanted to be so honest with Sun Buyu. At the same time, he didn't understand why Sun Buyu suddenly wanted to be so honest with Jiuling Lao. This made him a little confused.

When the two of them arrived in the sea here in Dragon Realm and led the army of the Sea Clan to advance, Bafang finally couldn't help it and said to Jiuling Lao: "Sir, I have something to say, whether you ask it or not." Bafang was not sure about this. This matter was really too curious. He really wanted to know, but he still said it politely, because no matter what, whether it was before or now, Elder Jiuling's status was higher than his. .

Old Man Jiuling said without turning around: "Do you want to ask me why I told Elder Sun Buyu the truth, and why Elder Sun Buyu told me those words?" Old Man Jiuling guessed what Bafang was thinking. He wanted to ask something, so he said it directly.

Bafang nodded and said: "Exactly, sir, you told Elder Sun directly about our desire to earn more contribution points. Aren't you afraid of causing Elder Sun's dissatisfaction? Why did Elder Sun hear what you said? After saying that, not only did he not show dissatisfaction with you, on the contrary, he seemed to be very happy, and he told you those words? This makes me a little confused. "

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "It's very simple. This is the Blood Killing Sect, not the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom. In the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom, we have to scheming with other people, so we can't speak directly, even if we clearly want to To kill someone, you have to find a good excuse, but it’s different here. This is the Blood Killing Sect. We are all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. We are all from the same sect. We will fight side by side in the future and face it together. Enemies, in this case, we must completely trust them. If we want to do something, we can tell them directly. If they think we are doing something wrong, they will directly stop us. If they think we are doing something wrong, they will directly stop us. Yes, then they will take care of us, so we must confess."

When Bafang heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Before he could speak, Elder Jiuling continued: "When I was talking to Elder Sun before, I said that we only fought with the Sea Clan because we couldn't. During the fight, Elder Sun's eyes already showed a hint of displeasure. When I said we didn't mean it, the displeasure in his eyes became even stronger. I knew there was something wrong with what I said, so I carefully After thinking about it for a while, I understood that Elder Sun Buyu and the others were all experienced in many battles. How could they not understand what happened on the battlefield? If they really didn’t want to give us the credit, they could. Send people to follow us. In that case, when we face the enemy, they can just rush forward. There is no need to give the credit to us. He is not angry with me for taking the credit, he is angry with me for not telling the truth, so I directly He just told the truth, and sure enough, he was very happy, so he told us the following words, do you understand now?"

Bafang nodded and said in a deep voice: "I understand, that's it. They don't blame us for grabbing the credit. As long as we need the credit, they can give it to us, but we can't lie to them, because we will be the same sect in the future. , they want to live and die together, so they react like this."

Jiuling Lao nodded, then turned to Bafang and said: "Yes, that's what I mean, just understand it. When you face the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the future, you must remember to be honest and don't lie to them, otherwise , they might be really angry." Bafang nodded and stopped talking.

At this time, Sun Buyu was also standing in the command hall. Jiang Shenglin and the others were standing beside him. Jiang Shenglin looked at the figures of the sea clan on the radar screen and said to Sun Buyu: "Old Sun, why is Elder Jiuling's attitude? Changed suddenly? To be honest, his previous appearance was really not very likable."

Sun Buyu smiled slightly and said: "It's nothing. Elder Jiuling is a smart person. He found that he said the wrong thing and he also found that he used the wrong method, so he corrected it in time. It's not their fault. They used to do it He might have spoken and acted like this when he was in Shenlonghai Kingdom, so his current reaction is quite normal.

Jiang Shenglin and the others were stunned for a moment, and then they suddenly understood what Sun Buyu was thinking. Tang Yingyi looked at Sun Buyu and said, "Old Sun, is it because of you? If it weren't for you, Elder Jiuling wouldn't have understood this truth so quickly. , did you remind them? I understand, are you pretending to be angry, so he figured it out so quickly? Mr. Jiuling is an old fox, and he has been the prime minister of a country for so many years. , is not a simple character.”