c7624 repel

"You are right, this place is all because of the Dragon King, but you have forgotten one thing, that is, why was the Dragon King born? Why was the Dragon King born? He is one because of the great one who built this place. He is the great one. Yes, he put a treasure containing the blood of the dragon clan here, and then the Dragon Realm was slowly born, and the Divine Dragon Sea Kingdom was born. But this does not mean that this place belongs to the Dragon King. The Dragon King is just put here by others. It's just a treasure. He doesn't deserve to have this place, let alone the Dragon King who is now controlled by others. Although we were born because of him, each of us is independent. We are the monks and have the ability to cultivate independently. The monks who practice consciousness, speaking of it, we may be more advanced than the Dragon King." Tu Ying looked at Long Qi and said in a deep voice, but his words made Old Jiu Ling and all of them stunned.

Although Old Jiuling and the others were opposed to the Dragon King, they had never considered the problem from this perspective. Because of this, Old Jiuling and the others couldn't help being very surprised when they heard Tu Ying's statement, but At the same time, they felt that what Tu Ying said seemed to be very reasonable.

Tu Ying looked at Long Qi and smiled coldly: "Long Qi, you don't have to be proud. I have already seen that you have been deeply influenced by the Dragon King. That's why you behave like this. Everyone else Fellow members of the Sea Tribe, you should have heard what I said. I can tell you frankly that I did not lie, not a word. The Dragon King is just a magic weapon with the blood of the Dragon Tribe placed here by the monks. And we But it is real life, and we are the real monks. Magical weapons are meant to be used by monks, so we can use those magical weapons. We are higher-level beings than them, and we should not be under his command."

Having said this, Tu Ying paused for a moment, and then said: "I think everyone knows how the Dragon Clan has changed over the years. Lord Jiuling is here. The Dragon Clan was under the control of Lord Jiuling back then. What is the situation? You should also know that he takes care of all ethnic groups, but in recent years, all ethnic groups have been suppressed to varying degrees. I know that maybe you have not been suppressed, and you may even have received some support, but I don’t know if you have felt that while you are being supported, the characteristics of your race have changed. You can think about it for yourself. We are not afraid of you, but..."

Before Tu Ying could speak, he heard Long Qi shouting: "Shut up, Tu Ying, I will cut you into pieces today." After saying that, he rushed towards Tu Ying, not talking to Tu Ying at all. Whatever he said, Tu Ying had to stop what he was saying and went straight towards Long Qi.

As soon as the two of them took action, there was no need for the others to wait any longer. Everyone moved and rushed towards each other. The two sides fought together, but because of Tu Ying's previous words, for the The morale of these sea tribes will have some influence to some extent. It is precisely because of this influence that those people of the sea tribe cannot exert their full strength when fighting against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. combat effectiveness.

But the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect Hai Clan who came out with Elder Jiuling and the others had high morale. They rushed towards those people and fought against you. Moreover, their attacks were very fierce. Those people from the Dragon World Sea Clan were really unable to stand it for a while.

Old Jiu Ling and the others did not take action, but just watched Tu Ying and Long Qi fighting there. After a while, Old Jiuling smiled slightly and said: "Tu Ying did a good job, and his strength is really good. He actually put That Long Qi has been suppressed, let's take action. We must deal with these guys as soon as possible. We must retain more military merits. In the future, people from our Sea Clan can also get more benefits by entering the Blood Killing Sect. .”

Wang Erzhuo and the others also nodded, and then they rushed over. This time they rushed over, not in human form, but in their own bodies. Their bodies were all different. It was very huge. When it rushed over, the people of the Sea Clan could not withstand it. Although there were some masters among them, their strength was not as good as that of Jiuling Lao and Wang Erzhuo.

The war continued, but it didn't last very long, only about four hours. However, they couldn't kill those people, they just defeated them. Those people retreated directly, but were not defeated. Total annihilation made Elder Jiuling a little dissatisfied.

Jiuling Lao knew very well that if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect took action, even if they could not annihilate all those guys, they would definitely not escape so many. It was precisely because of this that Jiu Ling Lao treated people like the Hai Clan There are also higher requirements for their combat effectiveness, but he also knows that the current combat effectiveness of these people is only this. Compared with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who have experienced hundreds of battles, it is still far behind.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are fighting, they attach great importance to formations and formations. These formations and formations are not just about magic formations. Of course, we should pay attention to the formations and formations of magic formations, but battle formations are also important. The formation and formation also need to be paid attention to, especially in such a large-scale battle, the formation and formation are very important.

While Elder Jiuling was sighing, Bafang suddenly came to Elder Jiuling and said to Elder Jiuling: "Sir, the sect's army has arrived." Elder Jiuling was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately said to Bafang and the others: "Instruct all the disciples to line up and wait here. I'll go see Elder Sun." After saying this, Elder Jiuling disappeared in an instant.

After Elder Sun disappeared, Bafang immediately organized the disciples of the Sea Clan to form a formation and began to clean the battlefield. His order to the disciples was not to waste anything, anything that could be used, All things that cannot be used are collected by others.

At this time, Old Jiuling had returned to the frontline headquarters. Sun Buyu and the others were waiting for Old Jiuling at the headquarters. As soon as he saw Old Jiuling coming, Sun Buyu immediately greeted him with a smile. Elder Jiuling laughed loudly and said: "Elder Jiuling, you did a great job this time. You repelled an attack from the Hai Clan in one fell swoop. But to be honest, you don't have to do this. You are also Shenlong Hai." People from this country, the sect master doesn’t want you to go to war with other sea tribes, because those sea tribes are really considered your kin, so he doesn’t want you to go to war with them, but he didn’t expect that you would end up going to war. "

Old Jiuling smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Those Sea Clan can no longer be regarded as Sea Clan. In fact, they are all controlled by the Dragon King. Although some people are innocent, the moment they went to war with us , he has become our enemy, and we will never be polite when facing the enemy."

When Sun Buyu heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help laughing. He said in a deep voice: "Okay, Elder Jiuling, what you said is great. You must not be polite when dealing with enemies. Get rid of them as soon as possible. We can control the entire dragon world in our hands, so that the people of Shenlonghai Kingdom will die less."

Jiuling Lao nodded and said: "Exactly, that's what I think too. Let fewer people from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom die, and more people from the Sea Clan survive. This is also my purpose." Jiuling After the old man said this, he kept paying attention to Sun Buyu's reaction. He wanted to see what kind of reaction Sun Buyu had. Was he very afraid of them, or was he murderous? If it was these two If so, then he should be careful.

But just after Mr. Jiuling said this, he saw Sun Buyu laughing loudly and saying with a smile on his face: "Yes, that's what you should think of. The enemies we faced in the previous interfaces were all defeated. The Shadow Clan has been completely assimilated. If it weren't for the illusion, our Blood Killing Sect has not received any new disciples after so many interface battles. This is not a good thing. You have also seen how big the Xuanwu Space is, and we Although there are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they cannot fill the entire Xuanwu Space. Therefore, the sect leader has always attached great importance to the joining of new disciples in recent years. If all the Hai Clan can join our Blood Killing Sect, then for our Blood Killing Sect, It’s also a good thing. It would be great if all the sea people can really join our Blood Killing Sect and become our Blood Killing Sect’s disciples.”

As soon as he heard Sun Buyu say this and saw Sun Buyu's expression, Jiulinglao was completely relieved. He had naturally seen the Xuanwu Space of the Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, he had never thought about it. , an inner space can be so big, tens of billions of people can fit in it, and most of it is still empty. He really can't imagine how big this space is. For this reason, he deliberately briefly understood the history of Xuanwu Space. Only then did he realize that Xuanwu Space is actually composed of several spaces, and among the spaces that make up Xuanwu Space, there are several spaces. It is still composed of multiple interfaces, so the area here is very huge.

It is precisely because the area is too large and there are too few people that the Blood Killing Sect attaches great importance to the absorption of disciples. Otherwise, people like them from the Sea Clan would not be able to do so well if they joined the Blood Killing Sect. Treatment, so if more people from the Hai tribe can join the Blood Killing Sect, then for the Blood Killing Sect, not only will it not be a bad thing, but it will be a good thing.

Of course, Elder Jiuling is also very clear that if those Sea Clan mess up, the Blood Killing Sect will never be polite. Just like he said before, if they dare to mess up, then they will Become an enemy of the Blood Killer Sect, and the Blood Killer Sect never treats its enemies politely, and just kills the enemy directly, which is considered frivolous, so this is also a warning, although maybe Sun Buyu doesn't think so, He thought this was a warning, because he did not regard the Sea Clan as his enemy, but Old Jiuling thought it was a warning. He thought it was necessary to tell the people of the Sea Clan so that they should be more vigilant. Some people must never violate the Blood Killing Sect's rules, otherwise, no one can save them.