c7623 Long Qi

Wang Erzhuo didn't know about this at all, so when he heard what Elder Jiuling said now, he seemed extremely surprised. He looked at Elder Jiuling and said, "Sir, are you telling the truth? Why is this happening? We, the Sea Tribe people, , have always been very loyal to the Dragon King? Could it be that the Dragon King is really controlled by a force? "

Jiuling Lao sighed and said: "Although I don't want to admit it, I have to admit that judging from various signs, this matter is very likely to be true, and it is not false at all." Jiuling Lao is now I already believe that the Dragon King is controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, because the Dragon King's performance in recent years is really abnormal. It is impossible for a person to undergo such a big change in such a short period of time. It must be There was some external force that controlled him and made him do this.

When Wang Erzhuo heard what Jiuling Lao said, he was stunned. After a while, he finally said: "But sir, if this is really the case, does that mean that there is no need for the Blood Killing Sect to attack, slowly?" Will the Sea Clan be doomed by themselves? But even if the Dragon King is controlled by others, does the person who controls him also want to destroy the Sea Clan? What good will it do to them to destroy the Sea Clan? In my opinion, there is no The benefits.”

Old Jiuling shook his head and said in a deep voice: "No, you don't know. The one who controls the Dragon King is an energy system that is completely different from ours. He controls the Dragon King and then destroys the Hai Clan just to destroy the Sea Clan. The sea people have become people with the same energy system as theirs. Their energy system is completely different from ours. The energy we practice is different. If we really become like them, then If it’s really over, we are afraid that we will become their slaves forever, and we may even be the kind of slaves who have no thoughts of their own at all.”

Wang Erzhuo couldn't help but shivered when he heard what Elder Jiuling said. Then he looked at Elder Jiuling and said, "Is there really such a force in this world? How did this force appear? Why did it appear?" Wang Erzhuo really couldn't figure out why such a force would appear in this world. He had never heard of such a force before, so he really had no choice. believe.

Jiuling Lao sighed and said in a deep voice: "We have only seen a little more things. In fact, our place in the Dragon Realm is just an inner space created by a powerful person. In other words, we have always Living in an inner space created by others, we think that this is the whole world, but we don’t know that there are many worlds outside that are bigger than ours, there are many people who are better than us, and there are even worlds that are equal to ours. , there are seven more worlds created together. You can imagine how big the outside world is."

Wang Erzhuo was completely stunned. These words of Elder Jiuling completely subverted his world view. He never thought that the place where he lived would be an inner space created by others. So what were they? ? Are they pigs raised in inner space by others? These people thought they were people, but they didn't expect that they were just pigs raised by others!

Jiuling Lao looked at Wang Erzhuo and knew that this incident had a great impact on him, but he had to say these words, so he patted Wang Erzhuo on the shoulder. After Zhuo came back to his senses, he said in a deep voice: "Don't think about these useless things now. When you return to the Xuanwu space and look at the sect's information, you will understand what's going on. , I have been reading the sect’s information these days, but there is really too much information about the sect. I haven’t finished reading it yet. When you go back in the future, you should also read more about the information. After reading the information After that, you will know how powerful the Blood Killing Sect is, and at the same time we will also understand how big the sect leader is. It can be said that he is the god of everyone in the Blood Killing Sect, including us."

After speaking, Jiuling Lao swam forward, but everyone else was stunned by his words, but they still swam forward. They didn't ask any more questions, but they all made up their minds. , after going back, they must take a good look at the sect's information, especially some of the sect's historical materials. In that case, it will be more helpful for them to understand the sect.

Just as they were swimming forward, Old Jiuling suddenly stopped. Then he waved his hand and everyone stopped. Finally, everyone turned their attention to Old Jiuling, wanting to see what his orders were. . Elder Jiu Ling looked forward with a solemn expression, and then said: "A large number of sea people appeared in front of us. They were very large. Send the order, everyone gather. We must gather together and not give the enemy a chance to defeat us." , hurry up." Everyone responded, and then immediately went to deliver the order. After receiving the order, the other Sea Clan disciples immediately gathered together. Fortunately, they discovered the enemy with radar, so the enemy was still far away from them. It was very far away, giving them plenty of preparation time.

After everyone was assembled, and after waiting for about a quarter of an hour, their enemy appeared five miles away from them. Because the light in the sea was relatively dim, the five-mile range was already the limit of people's vision. And the other party obviously discovered them, and the army all stopped. Then among the sudden army, huge blue umbrella-like things rose up. This thing gave off a faint blue light, illuminating the surrounding area. There was a faint blue color, which made those armies look a bit strange, but at the same time, it also allowed Old Jiuling and the others to see clearly the situation of the army on the opposite side.

When he saw that situation, Old Jiuling couldn't help but sigh. He felt that it would be difficult for him to persuade the other party this time, because the other party's army was a miscellaneous army, not what he thought. An army composed of a single race. In the opponent's army, he saw a family of crabs, a family of lobsters, a family of mantis shrimps, a family of seahorses, and a family of walruses. The ones floating up and glowing blue were jellyfish. A clan.

And the leader of this army is a few huge sea snakes. These sea snakes are very huge. Their length has reached about a thousand miles, and their bodies are even stronger. They have two long fangs, and That cold and ruthless gaze, everything showed that these sea snakes were very dangerous.

The sea snakes also looked at Old Jiu Ling and the others. When they saw Old Jiu Ling walking at the front of the team, they couldn't help but smile. The leading sea snake laughed loudly and said: "Haha Hahaha, Jiuling Lao, Bafang, Tuying, Jianlin, okay, that’s great, all the traitors are here, hahahaha, it seems that I, Long Qi, am not bad at luck, to meet you guys here. Man, it’s so nice.”

Old Jiuling looked at Long Qi. He didn't know this guy, but Tu Ying did. He swam to Old Jiuling's side and said to Old Jiuling: "Sir, his name is Long Qi, and he is the seventh elder of the sea snake clan. , the leader of the Sea Snake clan is called Long Yi. From Long 2 to Long 13, they are the twelve most powerful elders of the Sea Snake clan. Their names are ranked according to their strength, and their dragons are given by the Dragon King. Given their surname, this Long Qi is the eighth-ranked master among the Sea Snake Clan. He must be very powerful, because these elders of the Sea Snake Clan have always been trained by the Dragon King himself."

Old Jiuling nodded, and Long Qi also saw Tu Ying talking to Old Jiuling at this time. A sneer appeared on his face, and then he said: "Tu Ying, why are you doing this? How much the Dragon King trusted you back then. You could have been our companion, but you betrayed the Dragon King, mixed with these traitors, and betrayed the entire Sea Clan. You will definitely regret it. Most definitely."

Tu Ying looked at Long Qi and sneered: "Long Qi, if others don't know you, don't I know your details? You were just a guard like me back then, but later you became a member of the sea snake clan. Seventh Elder, your strength has improved so quickly with the help of the Dragon King, right? But do you really think that since your strength has improved so much, you don’t need to pay the price? Let me tell you, You will definitely regret it, because you will forever become the slave of the Dragon King and a slave of other races."

Long Qi looked at Tu Ying and sneered: "Tu Ying, I know everything you said, but I don't care, you know? I don't care, I really don't care, so what if I become a slave? As long as I can become an elder, I would rather become a slave. We are monks. What are we pursuing? Immortality. As long as I can live forever, I can do anything you ask me to do."

Tu Ying sneered and said: "It's ridiculous. Being someone else's slave means you will live forever, so what? Long Qi, you have already entered the devil's path. No, you are not even the devil. You have already entered the devil's path. You can no longer be regarded as a monk, you are just a slave and a puppet now, you are not worthy of being called a monk at all."

When Long Qiyi heard what Tu Ying said, his eyes flashed coldly, and then he snorted coldly: "Tu Ying, don't think of yourself as so great. You are just a monk. Without the power of Lord Dragon King, Help, how can you become the leader of the swordfish clan, and now you are standing there talking about me, it is really shameless."

Tu Ying snorted coldly and said: "I never thought about becoming the clan leader of the Sailfish Clan. It was the Dragon King who killed our clan leader and pushed me to the position of clan leader. I became the clan leader of the Sailfish Clan. We have to consider it for the sake of the swordfish clan. What the Dragon King did is wrong. Naturally, I have to oppose it. Whether it is for the sake of the swordfish clan or the entire sea clan, I will not agree with the dragon king's actions. Moreover, the dragon king asked me to be the flag. The leader of the fish clan also had bad intentions. He wanted to control me, but unfortunately, I got a pure crystal ball, so I was not controlled by him. People like him are not worthy of becoming the king of my sea clan. "

"Fart, this interface was born because of Lord Dragon King. All of you were born because of Lord Dragon King's power. You don't know how to be grateful, and you actually rose up against Lord Dragon King. You people are all traitors. Shameful traitor." Long Qi roared immediately after hearing Tu Ying's words.