c7622 strength

After Wang Erzhuo arranged for several elders of the King Squid Clan to enter the Blood Killing Sect, he returned to Old Jiuling. Sheng Si didn't say a word from the beginning to the end, but he always Observe and listen carefully to the conversation between the two.

After the two of them had settled the matter, Sheng Si had to sigh. Jiuling Lao had a huge prestige among the Hai Clan. Not to mention what he had done, if all the tribes came to surrender, it would not be much different. It could be said that , Jiuling Lao can surrender to the Blood Killing Sect, which is definitely good news for the Blood Killing Sect, and there is no good news in the world.

Now as soon as he saw the two people coming, Sheng Si immediately came forward to greet him. Old Jiuling cupped his fists at Sheng Si and said, "Elder Sheng, are you still going to continue to explore this dark trench?" Old Jiuling knew very well. , Sheng Si received the order to explore the dark trench. If the dark trench was not fully explored, he would not go to anyone else, so he asked some questions.

Sheng Si nodded and said: "Exactly, my mission has not been completed yet. I must complete it before I can go back and give orders. Elder Jiuling, if something happens to you, just leave and leave us alone." Sheng Si Of course he wouldn't listen to Old Jiuling's command. The two of them were on the same level, and the orders they received were different. There was no need for him to listen to Old Jiuling's command.

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said: "Okay, then I won't disturb you in your mission. I will take Wang Erzhuo and others away, but I also ask Elder Sheng Si for a favor. Wang Erzhuo and others are still here." Without an external incarnation or a teleportation array, we cannot go to the front line, so please send us there."

Sheng Si nodded and did not speak. Instead, Wang Erzhuo spoke. He cupped his fists at Sheng Si and said: "Elder Sheng Si, in fact, you don't need to check anything anymore. In this dark trench, our king squid clan , I have checked it a long time ago, and there is nothing of value here. It can be said that there are no other creatures here except us and those small fish, so there is really no need to check it. "

Before Sheng Si could speak, Elder Jiuling said: "Er Zhuo, don't talk nonsense. This is the task that Elder Sheng Si received, and he must complete it. Elder Sheng Si, don't take offense, Er Zhuo. I just joined our sect and I’m not very familiar with our sect’s rules.”

Jiuling Lao is very clear about Sheng Si's identity. He is a core elder like him, but his strength is stronger than him. The most important thing is that he is Zhao Hai's adopted son. With such an identity, he is even higher than him. Yes, he didn't dare to say anything nonsense when facing Sheng Si.

Sheng Si smiled slightly and said: "Elder Jiuling, you don't have to be polite. Just ask. If there is really nothing here, we can go back and give orders as soon as possible. Please." After saying that, he waved his hands to Jiujiao and the others. Jiao and the others immediately adjusted the coordinates, and then Jiuling Lao led Wang Erzhuo and the others into the teleportation array. When they arrived at the teleportation array, they clasped their fists at Sheng Si, and then with a flash of white light, they had disappeared. In the teleportation array.

After Jiuling Lao and the others left, Sheng Si turned to Jiujiao and the others and said, "Let's go. Our mission is to investigate this place and we must complete it." After saying that, Sheng Si returned to the formation. , and the formation also changed its formation under the command of Jiujiao and continued to move forward.

When they returned to the front line, Jiuling Lao and Wang Erzhuo seemed very happy when they saw Bafang and the others. After Bafang met Wang Erzhuo, they were naturally very affectionate. You know, there used to be a king When the squid family was here, their octopus and squid were considered the same race, and their race could also be said to be the most powerful race in the sea, because not only did they have masters like the King Squid at their command, but they also had powerful men like the Blue Light Octopus. The race existed. At that time, no one dared to mess with their race.

Now that they meet, they naturally feel a lot of emotion. If it hadn't been for that incident, it's really hard to say what the sea would be like now, but no matter what, one thing is certain, that is The status of their clan here in Shenlonghai Kingdom will definitely be much higher than it is now.

After several people sighed for a while, they prepared to move on. Wang Erzhuo followed Jiuling Lao. As he walked forward, he said to Jiuling Lao: "Sir, who is that Sheng Si? I see Are you very polite to him? And the Blood Killing Sect, how strong are they? Can you tell us?"

He had just joined the Blood Killing Sect, and he had not even received the benefits that a Blood Killing Sect disciple should receive, so he did not understand the Blood Killing Sect at all, so naturally he was very curious and wanted to know what the Blood Killing Sect was all about. Son, I also want to know who Sheng Si is and why Elder Jiuling is so polite to him.

Seeing his look, Elder Jiuling couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Er Zhuo, you don't know much about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, and you don't know how powerful the Blood Killing Sect is. I am a core elder in the Blood Killing Sect. Elder Sheng Si is also a core elder in the Blood Killing Sect, and his strength may be higher than mine. The most important thing is that he also has an identity, that is, the adopted son of the sect leader Zhao Hai, so for him I’m still very polite.”

Having said this, he paused again, and then said: "As for the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, it goes without saying. Let's put it this way, the Blood Killing Sect can simply send out an army without accepting our surrender. Come attack us, and be sure to completely capture the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom within a year. With such strength, what do you think?"

When Wang Erzhuo heard what Jiu Ling said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help but look at Jiu Ling in surprise and said: "Sir, are you telling the truth? Is the Blood Killing Sect really so powerful? This is impossible, right? ? Our Shenlong Sea Kingdom has countless races, countless powerful races, and their strength is extraordinary. If you hadn't persuaded these races to surrender, how could the Blood Killing Sect have taken over the entire Shenlong Sea Kingdom in such a short period of time? Get off? I think it’s impossible.”

Jiuling Lao looked at his appearance and couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Er Zhuo, how could I lie to you? The Blood Killing Sect has 60 billion disciples. The strength of these 60 billion disciples, even if you take them out at random, is incomparable." We, the Hai Clan, are inferior. They also have countless masters. For people with my level of strength, there are probably no less than a thousand people. And the strength of the sect leader Zhao Hai is even more powerful. The reason why I surrendered to the Blood Killing Sect is because , the sect master stood there and asked me to attack him with ten moves. As long as I could make him move ten meters, even if I won, I wouldn’t have to join the Blood Killing Sect. However, I tried my best to attack him with five moves, but the sect master didn’t move at all. , I didn’t use the remaining five moves at all, and surrendered directly. Tell me, with such strength, what else can we use to resist?”

Wang Erzhuo was completely stunned. He knew the strength of Jiuling Lao. Jiuling Lao was known as the second master of Shenlong Hai Kingdom. He was not called that for nothing. In the past, he was probably the only one who had the power of King Squid. Only the clan leader and the whale clan clan leader can take action against Jiuling Lao. There is no way anyone else can be his opponent. It is such a person who attacks others with all their strength, but they don’t even move. This is How can one not be surprised by his strength.

Jiuling Lao looked at Wang Erzhuo's appearance, sighed softly, and said in a deep voice: "Okay Erzhuo, don't think so much. You have joined the Blood Killing Sect now, so don't think so much. Remember My word, after joining the Blood Killing Sect, you must never think of betrayal, otherwise you will definitely die miserably, and your clan will also be exterminated. Even if I plead for you this time, it is absolutely impossible. What the sect leader hates most is betrayal. If you really want to betray me, no one can save you."

Wang Erzhuo was stunned for a moment, and then immediately responded. Old Jiuling nodded, then turned his head and glanced ahead, and then said in a deep voice: "Shenlong Haiguo will disappear soon, but we people We will still be alive, and we can still pass on the inheritance of our sea clan. This is enough. No matter which force we are in, isn't our ultimate goal this? Let's go, keep moving forward, look Let’s see what other races we encounter.”

Several people all responded, and then rushed forward with Old Jiu Ling. Along the way, all the sea creatures they encountered were carried into the Xuanwu Sea. Wang Erzhuo and the others were the first to They didn't know what they were going to do yet, but they soon knew. They were doing it very quickly and seemed very excited.

Elder Jiuling saw their appearance and didn't say anything. He could understand what Wang Erzhuo and the others were doing. They had stayed in a place like the Dark Trench for too long, and now that they finally came out, they were naturally very excited, so Their excitement was not because they were doing these things, but because they were finally leaving a place like the Trench of Darkness.

Elder Jiuling could understand their mood, so he didn't care about them. Anyway, they haven't encountered a large-scale sea tribe yet, so just let them be happy. They will talk about it when they meet a large-scale sea tribe. However, Wang Erzhuo was obviously also a very self-controlled person. He was excited for a while and then calmed down. Once he came to the side of Old Jiuling, he then looked around, and then he took a long breath and said: " We finally came out of the Dark Trench. For so many years, we have dreamed of coming out of there, and now we are finally out. It’s great. This sea has not changed at all, it is still the same as before.”

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Actually, there have been changes, and they have become extremely strange. Over the years, the Dragon King has been suppressing the original strong fighting races. Now many of the original strong fighting races , have been suppressed, but new powerful fighting races have emerged, such as the snake tribe, walrus tribe, crab tribe, lobster tribe, etc., their status is much higher than before, and races like The Swordfish Tribe and Swordfish Tribe have been suppressed. Our Turtle Tribe was also exiled to the Dark Trench before, and the Blue-Light Octopus Tribe was also suppressed. These old strong fighting races were all suppressed, in order to let the Snake Tribe and others Those races came to power, so although Haili looks the same as before, in fact, it is completely different."