c7628 joke

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he shook his head and said: "You don't have to worry about this. There are regulations in the Blood Killing Sect. You haven't read the Blood Killing Sect's rules carefully, right? In the killing sect, what task was assigned to that person? Others cannot snatch it for no reason. What order did we get? It was to persuade those sea people to surrender. But if those sea people don't surrender and attack us directly, we We have to fight back, so as long as we confront the enemy and really start a fight, then other people will not be able to steal our actions, and naturally they will not be angry."

Bafang was stunned for a moment, but then nodded and said: "Yes, if the enemy gets involved with us, they can only support us, but this first achievement is still ours. Our Hai Clan has just joined the Blood Killing Sect, and we really need some military achievements." , as long as the sect master doesn’t blame us, then others really can’t say anything.”

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. As long as the sect master doesn't blame us, then others can't say anything. Therefore, there is no problem for us to participate in such a battle. You don't have to worry. Go back." Get ready, we will attack in two days, as long as we can persuade more people to join the Blood Killing Sect, then we will have saved those Sea Tribe people."

Bafang nodded, and then withdrew. As soon as Bafang left, Old Jiuling couldn't help but sigh, and then said: "I hope everything goes well." After saying that, he closed his eyes and remained silent for a long time. It can be seen that he seems to be very tired. Although he has good strength, he has been working hard for such a long time, and he does feel tired.

At this time, Sun Buyu and the others were also standing at the frontline headquarters. They were all looking at the radar map. After a while, Jiang Shenglin said: "Old Sun, I feel that Elder Jiuling and the others want to take credit. What do you think?" His words also aroused a burst of agreement from Chen Chu and the others.

Sun Buyu turned to look at Jiang Shenglin and the others, then smiled slightly and said: "You just saw it, I have seen it a long time ago. Why did Jiuling Lao and the others have to persuade those sea tribes to surrender? There are actually two reasons. One is that they want to save more people from the Sea Tribe, and the other is that they want to achieve more military exploits."

Having said this, Sun Buyu paused for a moment, and then said: "The purpose of persuading the Sea Clan to surrender is to leave more seeds for the Sea Clan. This is understandable. After all, although they belong to different races, Come on, they are actually all from the same race, all from the Sea Clan. Of course they want to leave more seeds in the Sea Clan. I am not opposed to this, and I even fully support it. "

"And they want to make more military exploits. In fact, I am very supportive. They, the Hai Clan, have just joined the sect. They are very unfamiliar to the sect. Moreover, they have nothing. When they arrived at the sect, After that, when they saw that there were so many good things in the sect, they naturally wanted to exchange them. This required military exploits. Many of these military exploits would actually be wasted by them. For example, they would exchange some medicinal materials. , will be replaced by some materials, but these things are really not very useful to them. Whether it is medicinal materials or materials, they are almost of no use in our Blood Killing Sect. They just didn’t have them before. I have seen those things, so I want to get them. In fact, those things are really not of much use to them. They may regret it in the future, but if you don’t give them to them now, they may be angry. , so we can give them some of our military achievements, and it can be considered as an expression of goodwill on our part.”

Jiang Shenglin and the others looked at the strange expression on Sun Buyu's face and felt that what he said was not the truth. He said he wanted to express goodwill, but in fact it seemed that he had no good intentions. If he thought about it carefully, Now if you give the military merit to Jiuling Lao and the others, they will directly clean up the other sea tribes. After the cleanup is completed, Jiuling Lao and the others will get the military merit, return to the Blood Killing Sect, and exchange some They may not use things at all. When they understand what happened later, they look at the things in their hands and find that they are useless. But if they want to return them, they will have to pay more than when they bought them. It's cheap, but their military merits have been used up and their contribution points are gone. In this way, the sect has made a lot of money for nothing, which is a good thing for the sect.

Thinking of this, Jiang Shenglin and the others couldn't help but turn their heads and glance at Sun Buyu, and then said: "Old Sun, is this move of yours too bad? This will cause misfortune to the Hai Clan. They fought a war, but... We only got some useless things. If we exchange these things for contribution points, we will lose a lot. Is this really good?" Jiang Shenglin and the others were really worried about this. If it was because This incident offended Sun Buyu and the others, which was not a good thing for them. After all, everyone would be in the same sect from now on.

Sun Buyu looked at Jiang Shenglin and the others and couldn't help laughing: "You guys really believe it, how could I do that? I'm just teasing you, don't worry, the sect will not take away their contribution." , I swallowed it casually, but letting Old Jiuling and the others fight was really for their own good. Think about it, they have just joined the Blood Killing Sect, and they have always felt that they are a little incompatible with our Blood Killing Sect. They are very If they want to be recognized by the sect, they will naturally work very hard when fighting. They hope to gain our recognition through their performance, and the disciples of the sect are actually watching them. If If they just persuade them to surrender without participating in any battle, what will the disciples of the sect think of them? At that time, the disciples of the sect will only look down upon them and let them participate in the battle. Only then will the disciples of the sect feel the same hatred and hatred. Only in the shortest time can we treat them as our own, which is more conducive to them integrating themselves into the sect, which is definitely a good thing for them."

When Jiang Shenglin and the others heard what Sun Buyu said, they couldn't help but be startled, but then their eyes lit up, and they nodded: "What you said makes sense, it is true. Okay, then I will give you the opportunity to attack, but We must provide support at all times, if they suffer too many losses, the sect leader may blame us."

Sun Buyu said with a smile: "Of course, the sect leader doesn't want them to have any problems, so we'd better be careful. They will also be our fellow sects in the future. Letting them participate in the war will help them integrate into our blood faster." I didn’t kill Zongli just to make them lose more.”

Jiang Shenglin nodded, then he glanced at the radar screen, and then said in a deep voice: "We have now occupied most of the area in the Dragon Realm. There shouldn't be many troops here in the Dragon Realm, right? What do you think, What kind of enemy will we encounter next?”

Chen Chu said in a deep voice: "We will definitely encounter the shark tribe, we will definitely encounter the seahorse tribe, the jellyfish tribe, the walrus tribe, these things are actually considered strong fighting races, as well as the lobster tribe, mantis shrimp One clan, plus the Crab clan, and of course, the most important, the Sea Snake clan, we will all encounter these races, so there will definitely be many enemies we encounter next."

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "It is true. We will all encounter these races, so we must be careful. Although we have almost encountered these races and defeated them all, to be honest, no matter these races, That race is not easy to deal with, and it is precisely because of this that I am so careful."

Jiang Shenglin said solemnly: "Then let's wait for two days to talk. After two days, it will be the time to officially attack. The sea tribe will take the lead and we will follow. It would be best if they can persuade them to surrender. If they cannot persuade them to surrender, it would be best." , then let’s go to war directly, but I think we can’t be too far away from them this time, we were too far away from them last time, what do you think?”

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "That's true. We were too far away from them last time, so we didn't arrive until their battle was over. This is actually very dangerous. If they encounter them, The enemy is very powerful. They are no match, so what should we do? We should stay closer to them, so that if anything happens, we can support them as soon as possible."

Jiang Shenglin and the others nodded, and Sun Buyu turned to face the old man: "Array leader, you still have to make a battle plan. For this battle plan, don't worry about the battle, just think about how to support the sea. That’s enough, you don’t need to be too detailed, you just have to figure it out.” Elder Zhen also nodded without saying anything, and then Sun Buyu asked everyone to leave.

Jiang Shenglin and the others all left, but Sun Buyu stood there, looking at the radar screen, and said in a deep voice: "Really, why would I encounter such a thing when I was commanding the battle? If what we encountered was not the Sea Clan If so, then we can definitely have a hearty battle, that would be great."

Although he said so, he did not mean to blame the Hai Clan at all. He could understand Hai Fang's mood, and he also knew that even if he was making meritorious deeds, he would not be able to become a core elder. His current status is high enough. Although he is not the core elder, his status is actually not much different from that of the core elders. Because of this, there is no need for him to compete with the Hai Clan for credit now.

After saying this, Sun Buyu also returned to his position and closed his eyes to rest. He was on duty now, so he couldn't go back to his room and could only stay here in the command hall, but he He was not very worried. He felt that now those sea tribes should not have the guts to attack them actively. After all, even if those sea tribes have the guts and they have radar, they have nothing to be afraid of. If the other party really If anyone dares to attack them, they will definitely be discovered by their radar. When the time comes, they can set up traps and take care of the opponent in one fell swoop.