c7626 beat

"No need to go." A voice suddenly came, making both Jiulinglao and Bafang stunned, but then their expressions changed, because both of them heard that this voice was Zhao Hai's voice, and The two of them felt that the sound seemed to come from the room, which made them involuntarily turn their heads to the direction of the sound. As expected, they found Zhao Hai standing in the corner of the room, but there were not many people there. They didn't pay attention, but they didn't expect that Zhao Hai was standing there.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang are considered masters in the world of cultivation, and the more masters they are, the more they tend to have a problem, that is, they are very confident. Confidence is of course a good thing, but sometimes, excessive Self-confidence is not a good thing. Jiuling Lao and Bafang are both masters, so when they want to say something in the room that they don’t want others to hear, they usually check to see if there is anyone in the room first. Others, and their way of observing is to use their mental power to scan the room to see if there are other people in the room. If there are others in the room, then their mental power will naturally find out. This method is better than seeing with eyes. , much more convenient.

But if the other party can avoid their mental power detection, then no matter how many people are hidden in the room, they will not find it because they are too confident in their mental power and they think that their mental power will not make mistakes. , so after using mental power to observe, he will not use other methods to observe, and this is also one of their biggest loopholes, and Zhao Hai also took advantage of this loophole.

This is not to say that Zhao Haizui was here from the beginning. On the contrary, Zhao Haizui was not in this room at the beginning, but he always paid great attention to the conversation between Jiuling Lao and Bafang. It seems that both Jiuling Lao and Bafang can be said to be unsettling factors in the Blood Killing Sect, and he must pay more attention to them. So he came to the room while the two were talking, and they didn't notice it.

Jiuling Lao and Bafang were frightened at this time. The two of them turned to Zhao Hai and said: "I have met the sect master, and we are rude. Please punish me." When the two of them said this, they Cold sweats broke out. To be honest, they were really scared, because there were many things they didn't want others to hear, especially what they didn't want Zhao Hai to hear. , but now Zhao Hai heard everything, how could the two of them not be surprised.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them, then walked to a chair, sat down, and looked at the two of them intently, which made them feel frightened. At the same time, their waists were also bent even lower. The two of them really They were very worried, worried that Zhao Hai would punish them because of this matter.

Zhao Hai looked at the two of them, and then said in a deep voice: "I heard everything you two said. In fact, from the very beginning when you entered the Blood Killing Sect, I know everything you said, no matter what I can tell you clearly what you think of this matter. I did it. I did it for the safety of the Blood Killing Sect. Ordinarily, you all surrendered to the Blood Killing Sect, so I should trust you. Yes, but if I trust you unconditionally and have no defense against you as soon as you say surrender, then I am not worthy of being a sect leader. I can only be a fool. In the world of cultivation, if it is really so easy If I just believed in others, I would have died countless times."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "So I know everything you said before, including your discussions on how to form a team and how to gain more benefits for yourself. I heard everything. , To be honest, I was really disappointed with you at that time. You didn’t straighten your identity at all. Where do you think the Blood Killing Sect is? You thought that if you united, I would give you more benefits. ?If I really do that, what will the other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect think? This will only cause greater conflicts in the Blood Killing Sect, and you will be at the center of the conflict. In the future, you will become, Blood Killing Sect. The enemies of all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, at that time, I won’t have to deal with you, other Blood Killing Sect disciples will take your lives.”

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, the expressions of Jiuling Lao and Bafang changed wildly, and at the same time, cold sweat broke out on their faces. When they thought about it, this was really the case. How many people did their Hai Clan have? If they really stick together and fight for their own interests, it will be equivalent to drawing a boundary between themselves and the other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and making themselves different from others. At that time, the Blood Killing Sect will The disciples of the Killing Sect will naturally no longer regard them as one of their own, but will regard them as aliens. By that time, their lives will definitely not be easy. As Zhao Hai said, I am afraid that by that time , the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will deal with them, without Zhao Hai taking action at all.

Zhao Hai looked at the two of them, and then said: "The Blood Killing Sect has the courage and magnanimity to accept all rivers, but it will not be coerced by anyone, so if you really dare to do that, I will definitely I’ll destroy you all in one moment, the Blood Killing Sect doesn’t need such a cancer.”

Both Jiuling Lao and Bafang had a look of fear on their faces, and they both said politely to Zhao Haite at the same time: "Please forgive me, Master, I don't dare to wait any longer." The two of them were really scared; What they didn't expect was that Zhao Hai would be monitoring them all the time. Zhao Hai knew everything they said. How could the two of them not be afraid?

Zhao Hai looked at the two people, snorted coldly, and then said: "Don't blame me, I have to do this, there are tens of billions of people in the Blood Killing Sect, and tens of billions of people have tens of billions of thoughts. , everything is fine in the Blood Killing Sect now, and everyone is working towards the same goal, but if one thing really changes people’s minds, then in the future, if the Blood Killing Sect wants to become what it is now, then it will be It’s difficult. Today, if you want to fight for the interests of your own people, can others, people of other races, also fight for their own interests? Can your Hai clan compare with other races? No, in this kind of situation What to do in this situation, I'm afraid it will turn into a big dispute in the end, so I must prevent this from happening. If you really do it, then I will definitely deal with you before you do it. , in the Blood Killing Sect, I don’t need any reason at all for who I want to deal with.”

There was more sweat on the faces of Jiuling Lao and Bafang, and at the same time, their waists were bent deeper. Looking at their appearance, Zhao Hai finally snorted and said: "Fortunately, you woke up in time." , the last time you found out that you were wrong and told several other people about it, do you know how happy I was? I am really happy for the decision you made, and now you can think of what to do Go see me and explain the matter clearly. This is good. What you did is right. I am also very happy. But at the same time, you must remember that you must handle this matter well and put those people from the Sea Tribe to good use. Get rid of any thoughts that may cause chaos, otherwise, I won’t be polite. If you clear out a group of people, I think it will be much better.” After saying that, Zhao Hai’s figure has disappeared.

After Zhao Hai completely disappeared, Jiuling Lao and Bafang all collapsed on the ground. The aura on Zhao Hai just now was really scary. Although Zhao Hai just sat there without much expression on his face, The eyes full of murderous intent made the two of them feel like they were falling into an ice cave, so that's why the two of them reacted like this now. ,

After a while, the two of them stood up. Old Jiuling wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, and then said: "The strength of the sect master is indeed extremely powerful. Even when he arrived in the room, we didn't notice it. Alas, Bafang, it seems We are really wrong. As the sect leader said, if we really strive for benefits for ourselves, then others will naturally strive for benefits for them, and we may not necessarily be able to win against them. Even if they do not If we strive for our own benefits, we will become everyone's enemy. By that time, we will be completely isolated in the Blood Killing Sect. By that time, we will really be finished."

Bafang nodded, and at the same time he glanced around. He really didn't dare to speak now. He always felt that Zhao Hai was standing somewhere in the room, looking at him coldly. It made him feel extremely scared, so he reacted like this.

Jiuling Lao looked at him and smiled bitterly. He sat down casually and said in a deep voice: "It seems that if we have time, we must have a good talk with the others. We will definitely dispel their worries." I have the opportunity to fight for my own interests, but after what happened today, I feel that such a sect leader is a qualified sect leader, what do you think?"

When Bafang heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he thought about it and finally nodded. He said to Jiuling Lao: "Yes, sir, you are right. Such a sect leader is a qualified one." Sect Master, there are tens of billions of people in the Blood Killing Sect. If we don’t have such means, there is really no way to control such a large sect. This makes me feel relieved, because what the Sect Master said to us means that Now, he will not punish us for what happened before. As long as we sincerely integrate into the Blood Killing Sect in the future, we will not be treated any differently, and from this incident, we can It can be seen that the sect master really wants us to join the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise there is no need to come to see us, and when we start, he will just kill us."

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Yes, that's right. I don't think there is any need to drag this matter out any longer. Bafang, go and ask Bazou to call the other people back. This matter must be dealt with." They made it clear that they must not be allowed to mess around. If they really dare to mess around, I will not be polite without Zongzong taking action, because this is related to the fate of our entire Hai Clan. If they make a wrong move, there will be Countless people from the Sea Tribe died with them. The reason why we asked them to surrender is because we want to save the lives of more people from the Sea Tribe, not just to let them come to kill the sect and die, so go ahead."