c7621 join in

Wang Erzhuo looked at Old Jiuling with a surprised look on his face and said in a deep voice: "Sir, what is going on? You are the most successful and most beloved prime minister in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. Why don't you become the prime minister? ? What happened?" Wang Erzhuo really couldn't figure it out. In his opinion, the phase of Jiuling Lao should be the most stable, and Jiuling Lao is very friendly to all the races of the sea tribe. Everyone supports him. How can a prime minister like him just say it is inappropriate? Although their King Squid was dealt with by the Dragon King and even wanted to kill them, they did not hate Elder Jiuling, because if Elder Jiuling had not spoken for them back then, they would have been exterminated long ago.

The fighting power of the king squid is one of the best among the sea flags. They are considered to be the boss of the squid, octopus and other sea tribes. However, they have a very big problem, that is the problem of quantity. The number of their king squid subordinates , has always been very small, and the sparse population also made the King Squid clan not have enough appeal, so it was eventually exterminated.

When Jiuling Lao heard what Wang Erzhuo said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "I have not been the prime minister for many years. Not only am I no longer the prime minister, but I have also become a wanted criminal in Shenlonghai Kingdom, and I have been for many years. If it weren't for the Blue Light Octopus and other races helping me, I'd probably be dead by now."

When Wang Erzhuo heard what he said, he was even more surprised. He looked at Jiuling and said, "Sir, how is this possible? You are dedicated to the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom. How could you become a wanted criminal? What happened? What? What happened to Shenlonghai Kingdom now?" Wang Erzhuo knew very well how important Jiuling Lao was to Shenlonghai Kingdom. He did not expect that Jiulinglao would become a wanted criminal. How could he Not surprised.

As he said before, Mr. Jiuling can be said to be the most successful prime minister of Shenlonghai Kingdom. When he was in power, he managed the entire Shenlonghai Kingdom in an orderly manner and took great care of all races. Under his management, it can be said that he is prospering. He has made great contributions to the Shenlonghai Kingdom. How could a person like this become a wanted criminal?

Jiuling Lao looked at him and couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "The Dragon King said that I was suspected of treason, so he attacked me directly. Fortunately, I ran fast, otherwise, I'm afraid now, just There is only a turtle shell left, and that's it, he still won't let me go, and he has been looking for me to this day. The time before I was taken away from him and he dealt with your clan was not very long, only a few decades."

Wang Erzhuo looked at Old Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "Sir, the person before said that they were from the Blood Killing Sect and that they were here to deal with the Dragon King. He also said that the Dragon King might be controlled by a force. Isn't it true?" This is the question that Wang Erzhuo is most concerned about. He doesn't need to know whether the Dragon King is controlled. He only needs to know whether Sheng Si and the others really want to deal with the Dragon King. If Sheng Si and the others If they really want to deal with the Dragon King, then there will be no problem. They can help Sheng Si and the others deal with the Dragon King. After all, in recent years, the King Cuttlefish clan has almost been wiped out, but it was all because of the Dragon King. Damn it, how can they swallow this breath?

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Elder Sheng Si didn't panic. They were indeed going to deal with the Dragon King, and they were going very smoothly. I was leading Bafang and the others to advance before they encountered the Sea Clan. When the time comes, persuade them to surrender to Shenlonghai Kingdom and deal with the Dragon King together, otherwise, they will definitely be exterminated by the Blood Killing Sect."

When Wang Erzhuo heard what Jiuling said, he was relieved. He looked at Jiuling and said, "Sir, we are willing to surrender to Shenlonghai Kingdom and follow them to deal with the Dragon King. We just ask them to find a safe place. , settle down some of the children in our clan. After so many years, our King Cuttlefish clan has finally recovered such a small population, but we can’t live here without suffering any losses.”

When Jiulinglao heard what he said, he couldn't help but turn his head and glance behind him, and found that there were indeed many hills around him, but those hills were swimming now. They did not turn into human shapes, and their length , also between 100 meters to 500 to 600 meters. With such a height, for people of the King Squid clan, they are just children.

Jiuling Lao withdrew his gaze and said to Wang Erzhuo: "Erzhuo, you don't have to worry about anything. In the Blood Killing Sect, there is a Xuanwu Sea. It is for the purpose of keeping our Hai clan people in peace. There will be no war there. , and no one will come to bully the children of your tribe, take them there, nothing will happen." After finishing speaking, Mr. Jiuling turned to look at Sheng Si, Sheng Si nodded, and then waved his hand. , the thousand people who followed him immediately began to change formations, and the last huge teleportation formation was quickly formed.

Jiuling Lao said to Wang Erzhuo: "Erzhuo, I have asked them to form a teleportation array. If you really want to deal with the Dragon King, then you can stay and let the children enter the teleportation array quickly. Come here, the environment here is really not suitable for those children to survive. If you are worried, you can use the teleportation array to enter the Blood Killing Sect and have a look, how about it?"

When Wang Erzhuo heard what Jiuling Lao said, he glanced at the teleportation formation formed by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Finally, he gritted his teeth and said in a deep voice: "I believe you, sir. Sir, please wait a moment and let me make arrangements. "After speaking, Wang Erzhuo turned around, gave a few instructions to an elder beside him, and then turned around.

The elder immediately organized the small king squids and directly entered the Blood Killing Sect's teleportation array. Upon seeing this situation, Jiuling Lao was very moved. He patted Wang Erzhuo on the shoulder and said: "You Zhuo, thank you, thank you for trusting me so much after so many years. I am really curious, how did you survive all these years? Can you tell me about it."

Wang Erzhuo smiled bitterly, nodded, and then he said: "Sir, you also know that this place is not suitable for us, the King Squid Clan, to survive. It is too cold here. People from our King Squid Clan, after entering here, After that, we have been thinking about how to survive here. Not only must we survive, we must also continue our race, so we have been thinking of ways, but because the environment here is so bad, The clan leader and several other elders who were seriously injured due to being attacked by the Dragon King all passed away one after another. In the end, I became the clan leader of the King Squid Clan and led everyone to find a solution."

"But the harsh environment has caused my people to die one after another. Even those who survive will not be able to give birth to the next generation. If our clan really cannot give birth to the next generation, then our clan will really be finished. , I really felt very desperate at that time, but I was still leading the tribe to think of a solution, because if we couldn’t come up with a solution, then we would really be doomed.”

"In the end, we really came up with a way. If we want to survive in the Dark Trench, we must conserve our physical strength and enter a state of suspended animation, just like the turtle breath of your turtle clan. The same technique as before. You took care of us back then and taught us some of the Turtle Breath Techniques of the Turtle Clan. We followed the Turtle Breath Technique and learned how to put ourselves into a state of suspended animation in this situation. , but in order for our race to continue, we must have an environment suitable for reproduction, so we came up with a way, that is, most of the year, we will pretend to be dead and sleep, only one month per year When the time comes, we will wake up. After waking up, we elders will surround the outside to form a huge room, and at the same time we will radiate heat, so that the area surrounded by us will form a huge room. In a room with a very warm temperature, people in the tribe can give birth in it. The children will be completely hatched in about a month, and then these children will attach themselves to us. body, and we will fall into a deep sleep.”

"After those children attach themselves to us, they will absorb part of our body's heat to survive. Although very few children will survive in the end, there will still be people who survive in the end. That's why we, the King Squid Clan, will survive here. They came down and have survived until now, but there are only a few real old people in the tribe, the others are all dead, and the remaining tribesmen are almost all tribesmen who have multiplied here."

Although what he said was an understatement, Elder Jiuling could imagine how difficult this process was and what kind of environment they were in before they could figure out how to use their own bodies as walls to emit heat at the same time. Providing enough heat to the people in the room so that they can have offspring, it can be said that they would never do this if they were not really forced to the point of being impatient.

Jiuling Lao sighed and said: "I'm sorry for you. When the Dragon King wanted to deal with you, I didn't agree with it, because the crime of dealing with you didn't exist at all. But the Dragon King insisted on dealing with you, and I didn't agree with it. There is really no other way, apart from preventing you from being killed on the spot, I have no ability to save you."

Wang Erzhuo shook his head and said: "It's not your fault, sir. If you hadn't fought for a glimmer of hope for our King Squid Clan back then, our King Squid Clan would have been wiped out long ago, so I'm very grateful. You, this is why I trust you so much, sir. If you had left us alone, we would have died long ago and would not be alive today, so I believe that you will not harm us this time."

Jiuling Lao looked at Wang Erzhuo and laughed suddenly, patted Wang Erzhuo's shoulder hard and said: "Don't worry, I believe you will never regret today's decision. I will definitely be grateful for your decision today. I promise, it's almost over. Those children have passed away. You are sending a few people to take care of them. I believe the people in the Blood Killing Sect will take good care of them." Wang Er Zhuo responded and turned around to make arrangements.