c7620 king squid

"Hello, I am Sheng Si, the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect. Who are you?" Sheng Si sent out a very kind spirit wave. After waiting for the other party to get some response, he immediately sent this sentence. , you must know that mental communication is not an easy thing. It is difficult to control your emotions in mental power. This is different from talking. Mental communication may be more direct, so you have to think To communicate with the other party, you must first let the other party feel your goodwill.

After Sheng Si made the other party feel his goodwill, he started to try to communicate with the other party. After saying this, Sheng Si waited there quietly, and at the same time, he still kept firing at the other party. A very kind spirit wave, hoping that the other party can respond to him as soon as possible.

But Sheng Si is actually very happy now, because anyway, the other party has given him a certain response. It is precisely because he saw the other party's response that he sent that sentence to him, otherwise , he wouldn't send those words over. At worst, he would just start a war. No matter whether those hills are alive or real, as long as they attack them, they will definitely react.

Without letting Sheng Si wait for too long, Sheng Si received a mental response: "Blood Killing Sect? What kind of place is Blood Killing Sect? Why haven't I heard of it? Are you a newly established department under the Dragon King? ?" The mental power of this answer seemed to be transformed into a very old voice, which surprised Sheng Si.

However, Sheng Si was very happy to get a response. He immediately said: "No, we are not the Dragon King's subordinates. We came to the Dragon Realm from other interfaces. We are here to hunt down a very special force. The energy came here. That energy is very special and very evil. He can control other people. When we got here, we found that the Dragon King seemed to be controlled by him, so we wanted to attack them, but the Dragon King We responded immediately, so we started a war with the Dragon King, and now the Dragon King has been repelled by us. We occupied the Dark Trench and discovered you, so we communicated with you." Sheng Si did not hide anything from the other party. , because he knows that in mental communication, it is actually difficult to hide things from others, because there is no way to hide your emotions, and emotions that cannot be concealed will reveal a lot of things, so he simply To tell the truth, this way it will be clear whether they are friends or foes.

Sheng Si is still certain that the other party is their friend, because he heard from Jiuling Lao and the others that the Dark Trench is a place used by the Dragon Realm to exile people. In other words, the races living here, Many of them were exiled. He originally thought that there was only the Turtle Clan, but now he did not expect that he would meet a race that could communicate with him. Regardless of what race this race was, they could have a spiritual relationship with Sheng Si. Communication means that they have corresponding spiritual intelligence, which is already very remarkable, so Sheng Si believes that they may also be a race exiled here by the Dragon King.

Sure enough, when Sheng Si's mental power was transmitted, the other party immediately responded: "Are you telling the truth? You are at war with the Dragon King? And you defeated the Dragon King? How do you prove it?" The other party's mental power was sent over. When they came, Sheng Si clearly felt a very urgent emotion, which made Sheng Si even more confident. If the other party didn't have a grudge against the Dragon King, then it was absolutely impossible for them to have such emotions. More It should be anger, not eagerness.

Thinking of this, Sheng Si immediately said: "Yes, we are now at war with the Dragon King. Now the Dragon King's original prime minister Jiuling Lao, the original leader of the Blue Light Octopus Clan Bafang, as well as the Swordfish Clan, Sailfish Clan, The Turtle Clan has also joined our Blood Killing Sect, and we want to overthrow the rule of the Dragon King."

As soon as Sheng Si's mental power wave had passed, he heard a bang. He immediately stopped sending out his mental power and opened his eyes. When he opened his eyes, he found the hill in front of them. , now they all moved, all the hills shook, and then slowly began to rise. Soon everyone discovered that under these hills, huge tentacles stretched out. These The tentacles swayed, because they were too huge, and every time they swung, they caused violent fluctuations in the sea water.

And these hills seemed to be moving their bodies. They stopped after a while, and then they saw the larger ones among the hills. Their figures began to shrink rapidly, and finally they became They are all about 1.7 meters tall, but their heads are a bit special. They look like a squid. The head is pointed, but there are also many tentacles growing on the chin, like a squid. Like a weird beard, it is somewhat similar to Bafang's original image.

And these people seem to be quite old. The leading ones have wrinkles all over their faces. They look very old. Moreover, their movements are also very slow, as if they have been walking for a long time. A person who is not moving is like moving his stiff body.

As soon as he saw these people, Sheng Si immediately waved his hand. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately put away their hands that were preparing to attack, but they still looked at those people with a vigilant look, but Sheng Si had nothing to worry about. Instead, he flew forward directly and soon reached the front of the army, standing there and watching those people quietly.

Those people also came to a stop about a hundred meters in front of Sheng Si. Then an old man in the lead looked at Sheng Si and said, "Are you the one who just communicated with me? Are you telling the truth? Do you have How can I prove that everything you said is true? Can you let me meet Mr. Jiuling?"

Sheng Si was stunned, but he still said: "Yes, of course, but Elder Jiuling is on the front line, commanding other sea clansmen, and they are constantly moving forward. They just want to persuade more sea clansmen to surrender. , if you really want to see Jiuling Lao, I will write to Jiuling Lao immediately and ask him to come over."

The old man looked at Sheng Si, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, if possible, you can invite Lord Jiuling over, and tell him that Wang Erzhuo wants to see him, so please come over." After that, the old man stopped talking, but stood there quietly looking at Sheng Si, waiting for Sheng Si's answer.

Sheng Si nodded, and then he directly connected to Elder Jiuling's communication array. As soon as the array was connected, Sheng Si immediately said: "Elder Jiuling, we met someone here in the Dark Trench. , he said his name is Wang Erzhuo and he wants to meet you, do you know this person?"

Elder Jiuling, who was leading the Hai Clan forward, couldn't help but be startled when he heard what Sheng Si said. Then his expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "Did he really say his name is Wang Erzhuo?" His voice sounded He seemed very eager, and it could be seen that he seemed to care very much about this name.

Sheng Si nodded and said, "Yes, he said his name is Wang Erzhuo and he wants to meet you. Do you think you have time?" The identities of Sheng Si and Jiuling Lao are actually equal, and even Jiuling Lao is His status is much lower than that of Sheng Si, but Sheng Si will not be rude to Jiuling Lao, because Jiu Ling Lao shows his age, and he must respect the old man.

Jiuling Lao immediately said: "Me, of course I have to meet. Wang Erzhuo was an elder of the King Squid clan back then. The King Squid was punished by the Dragon King and sent to the Dark Trench. He has never appeared before. , we all thought they were dead, but we didn’t expect that he was still alive. At that time, I was very opposed to the Dragon King’s dealing with the King Squid family. It was precisely because of my opposition that the Dragon King did not kill the King Squid on the spot. They were allotted, but unfortunately, no one has seen the King Squid since then. Did you see only him, or were there other members of the King Squid family?" Mr. Jiuling looked very excited. , and simply told Sheng Si about his relationship with Wang Erzhuo.

As soon as Sheng Si heard what Elder Jiuling said, he immediately said: "Elder Jiuling, not only Ming Wang Erzhuo is here, but there are also some of his clansmen, but the number is not very large, there are only a few hundred people, I will do it now I’ll send you the coordinates, and you’ll know after you come and take a look.” After saying that, Sheng Si directly sent the coordinates here to Old Jiuling.

While Sheng Si was talking to Jiuling Lao, Wang Erzhuo and the others kept looking at Sheng Si with puzzled eyes. Obviously, they only saw Sheng Si talking to Jiuling Lao there, but they didn't see it. There was nothing in Sheng Si's hand, and they didn't even feel any mental fluctuations in Sheng Si's body, so they were all curious whether Sheng Si was really in contact with Jiu Ling Lao or was lying to them.

At this time, Mr. Jiuling had also received the coordinates sent by Sheng Si. He explained a few words to Bafang and the others around him, and then directly activated the teleportation array. The next moment he had disappeared, and when he appeared , has appeared next to Sheng Si.

As soon as he appeared next to Sheng Si, Mr. Jiuling immediately looked around. Finally, his eyes fell on Wang Erzhuo. He looked at Wang Erzhuo carefully, then he sighed softly, and then said : "Er Zhuo, I really didn't expect you to be this old now, but counting the time, you are almost this old. Alas, time flies so fast." After finishing speaking, Mr. Jiuling looked at it again. A glance at the other members of the King Squid Clan.

When Wang Erzhuo saw Jiuling Lao, he was really dumbfounded. It took him a while to wake up, his eyes turned red, and then he immediately turned to Jiuling Lao. He bowed and said: "Wang Erzhuo has met you, sir. It's been a long time, sir. It's been a long time since I saw you. Your style remains the same. It's really gratifying to congratulate you."

Seeing his excited look, Mr. Jiuling really didn't know what to say. There was also a trace of despair and a trace of aftertaste in his expression. Then he walked to Wang Erzhuo's side and gently He gently patted Wang Erzhuo on the shoulder and said: "There is no need to call me sir, I am just an elder of the Blood Killing Sect now, and I am no longer the prime minister of the Shenlonghai Kingdom."