c7625 Decide

Jiuling Lao was accompanying Wang Erzhuo and looking around in the Xuanwu Space. While looking at it, Jiuling Lao was talking to Wang Erzhuo about the situation in the Xuanwu Space. He now has a certain understanding of the Xuanwu Space. In addition, he now has an external avatar. If he doesn't know something, he can directly retrieve the information from the external avatar, so he won't be wrong.

But Wang Erzhuo was completely stunned now. He never thought that there would be such a place in this world. This is really amazing. The Xuanwu space is so big and the terrain is so There were so many people and all kinds of wind shadows that he couldn't see them all, not to mention the various magical places in Xuanwu Space.

When the two finally returned to the sea and arrived at Pearl City, Wang Erzhuo finally came back to his senses. He glanced around, then let out a long breath, then turned to Old Jiuling and said: "Sir, Didn’t we look very ridiculous before?”

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he immediately understood what he meant. He couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then said: "I also have this idea. We used to really look very ridiculous, just at such an old age. Where we were, we already felt that we owned the entire universe, but now that we think about it, it’s really ridiculous.”

Wang Erzhuo sighed lightly, and then said: "Yes, we thought we owned the entire universe, but in fact we don't even have one percent of the Blood Killing Sect. It's really ridiculous, sir, this time Although we have repelled those sea tribes, the Dragon King will definitely send more people to deal with us, but they absolutely cannot be our opponents of the Blood Killing Sect. In the end, those people just died in vain. Can we Think of a way to save those people?"

Jiuling Lao looked at Wang Erzhuo and said in a deep voice: "Erzhuo, I also want to save them, but do you think it's possible? How can we save them? What can we do to save them? They don't believe us at all now. It can be said that they are now controlled by the Dragon King, and the Dragon King is controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. In this case, we have no way to save them. I feel now that we should do it as soon as possible. Push forward and get to the Dragon Palace as quickly as possible. As long as we destroy the Dragon King, maybe those sea tribes who have just been controlled by the Dragon King can still be saved."

Hearing what Jiuling Lao said, Wang Erzhuo couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then he no longer talked about saving those sea people, but said in a deep voice: "Well, it seems that this can only be the case. I hope We can save more Sea Clan, otherwise, the Sea Clan’s losses this time will be too great.”

Old Jiuling didn't speak, just nodded, and then said to Wang Erzhuo: "Okay, let's not talk about this anymore. You can go back and have a rest. We still have action to do next. Don't forget, the main force of the sea snake clan The main forces of the Shark Clan, the Walrus Clan, the Seahorse Clan, and the Jellyfish Clan have not appeared yet. The Crab Clan, the Lobster Clan, and the Mantis Shrimp Clan have suffered great losses, but their numbers were originally Even if there is a lot, there must be a lot left over, so we have to be careful.”

Wang Erzhuo nodded. He felt that what Jiuling Lao said was quite right. Although he had not been in the Sea Clan for many years, he also knew some things about the Sea Clan from Bafang and others. Speaking of fighting power, the strongest one is of course the Dragon King, but when it comes to the fighting power of a clan, I am afraid that the Shark clan is definitely one of the best. The people of the Shark clan are very crazy when fighting. When fighting, they They will forget what fear is and what fear is. They just want to tear the enemy in front of them into pieces. Similarly, in the Sea Tribe, the Shark Tribe people also have a characteristic, that is, they are very curious and very curious. This Sometimes the characteristics are very dangerous.

In the eyes of many people, the shark tribe may be very cruel and easy to kill, because sometimes they will attack others for no reason. If that person is in front of them, they may bite them for no reason just out of curiosity. , in the eyes of many sea people, this is a very cruel thing. They have not recruited you or provoked you, so why are you attacking them? Isn't this cruel and easy to kill?

But in fact, this is not the case. In fact, they are just curious. When they see something strange-looking, they may take a look and take a bite to see what it feels like and what it tastes. They are just curious. , not really wanting to attack the other party, but it is like an elephant playing a game with a rabbit. If the rabbit kicks the elephant, the elephant may only feel amused, but if the elephant kicks If you kick a rabbit, the rabbit may be kicked to death directly.

The same goes for the shark tribe. They are just out of curiosity and will do some things that others think are very cruel. In fact, they are not very courageous, but when they fight, they will forget fear and fear. It's true. If their bloodiness is really aroused, they will attack anyone. However, their attack power is very powerful. Not everyone can block it. This is very fatal. .

After everyone left, Mr. Jiuling and Bafang were still sitting in the small conference room. Bafang looked at Mr. Jiuling and said, "Sir, I think you seem to have something on your mind? But what did you think of?" Bafang and Jiuling He could be said to be the person he was most familiar with, so he found that although Old Jiuling didn't show it, there was still a trace of unhappiness between his eyebrows.

Old Jiuling turned his head and glanced at Bafang, then sighed softly and said: "Did you see it? In fact, I am still worried about the affairs of the Hai Clan. When I met Elder Sun Buyu before, Elder Sun Buyu told me In one sentence, there is no need to be polite when dealing with the enemies of the Blood Killing Sect, just destroy them directly. This sentence may not sound like anything special, but when I heard this sentence, I really It’s so scary.”

When Bafang heard what Elder Jiuling said, he was slightly startled at first, and then he immediately understood what Elder Jiuling meant. He looked at Elder Jiuling and said: "Sir, what you mean is that you are afraid that one day the people of the sect will be killed in blood. Will they regard us as enemies? But what does this mean?" Bafang understood what Elder Jiuling was worried about. A previous decision made by Elder Jiuling almost brought everyone in the Hai clan to the ditch. It was precisely because of this , that's why he is so worried now, worried that one day, if the people of the Blood Killing Sect really come to settle accounts with them, then they will really be doomed.

When Bafang didn't know what kind of sect the Blood Killing Sect was, he still had the courage to fight with the Blood Killing Sect's people, but when he knew what kind of place the Blood Killing Sect was, he He has already lost the courage to fight with the Blood Killing Sect. The more he understands the Blood Killing Sect, the less he wants to be an enemy of the Blood Killing Sect, not at all. It is precisely because of this that he Understand the thoughts of the Blood Killing Sect.

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said: "Yes, that's what I mean. Think about it, if the Blood Killing Sect really treats us as enemies one day, what will we face? Our Sea Clan, I’m afraid no one will survive, and by that time, we will truly become the eternal sinners of the Sea Clan.”

There was silence in all directions. It was indeed the case. If the Sea Clan died because of them, then the two of them would become the eternal sinners of the Sea Clan. Although by that time, no one would know about this matter, but they themselves would be If they can't pass their own level, although they are monks, they can't truly be ruthless and righteous. They also have feelings, so they can't pass their own level.

After a while, Bafang sighed softly and said: "Sir, it's too late to think about those things now. Let's think about other things, such as how to solve this matter as soon as possible." Bafang also knew that, We must find a way to solve this matter now, otherwise, something will happen sooner or later. If there are sea people who really want to resist the Blood Killing Sect, even if they don't know about this matter, in the end, I am afraid that this matter will It will also be counted on their heads.

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly and said: "What else can we do now? What we did before was indeed wrong, and now we really have no choice." Jiu Ling Lao really has no way now. What he said before Everything has been said, and it is impossible to take it back now. Although he has made it clear to Tu Ying and the others, Wang Erzhuo and the others are still not sure. Although he did not say those words to Wang Erzhuo and the others, if If something happens to Wang Erzhuo and the others, the fault will still be placed on them, which makes Old Jiuling now one of the leaders.

Bafang thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Sir, I think there is another way now, that is to tell the sect master all about this matter, tell the truth to the sect master, and let the sect master know about it, so that it will be considered a crime in the future. No matter what happens, the sect master will not blame us. Of course, this does not mean that everything will be fine for us in the future. It just allows the Sea Clan to develop freely. We still have to control the people of the Sea Clan with a little effort. , don’t let them mess around, only in this way can we let the Sea Clan truly integrate into the Blood Killing Sect, what do you think?”

Upon hearing what Mr. Jiuling said, Bafang couldn't help but be startled, but then his eyes lit up, and he nodded and said: "This is a good idea. We made mistakes before, and we really should admit our mistakes to the sect leader. , Okay, just do this, maybe we can get a chance from the sect master to make up for the merits."

Bafang nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean too. Instead of letting the sect master know the mistakes we have made, it is better for us to take the initiative to go to the sect master and admit our mistakes. This may be more beneficial to us." That's a good thing." Bafang really doesn't want to be an enemy of the Blood Killing Sect at all, so he made such a proposal.

Jiuling Lao thought for a while and finally nodded and said: "That makes sense. Instead of letting the sect master know about this mistake we made and explain it to the sect master later, it is better for us to explain to the sect master now what sins we have made. It will be much better for us to admit it now than if it happens later. Let’s go, let’s go to Elder Chang now and ask Elder Chang to help us ask for an audience with the sect master.”