c7631 There is a ghost

A group of people suddenly appeared in the sea. They seemed to appear out of thin air. In fact, they did, because the Blood Killing Sect's teleportation array no longer showed any color when teleporting, so When using the teleportation array, there was no reaction, those people just appeared out of thin air.

Those people who had just appeared in the sea were still in a daze. They all turned their heads and looked around. At this moment, an old swordfish slowly swam over. He glanced at those people and seemed to be slightly stunned, but He also smiled and said: "It turns out to be the seahorse clan and the agouti clan. Hello, welcome to the Xuanwu Sea of ​​the Blood Killing Sect. This will be your home from now on. Come down quickly. Will it happen later? Is there anyone else coming? If there are still people coming, get off the teleportation array quickly and don’t block the way of the people behind."

As soon as they heard what the old man said, the seahorse tribesmen and agoutifish immediately came down from the teleportation array. A seahorse tribesman swam up to the old man and smiled at the old man and said: "This old man has a good family, I am the leader of the seahorse tribe. Ma Rufei, I don’t know what you call me, old man.”

The old man looked at Ma Rufei and said with a smile: "It turns out that I am the leader of the Haima clan. I don't dare to be. I am from the Sailfish clan. My name is Tu Qianxing. People from the Ma clan, please come with me. I know someone is coming. I don't know if it's you, but I have arranged a place for you to rest. Don't worry, it will be safe when you get here, and you can live here without worry." After that, the old man led Ma Rufei and swam forward.

As Ma Rufei swam forward, he looked at the surrounding environment. He found that this place seemed to be inside a huge coral reef. It was somewhat similar to the coral city of the swordfish family that he had heard of before, which made him feel a little uncomfortable. Answer, you must know that their status is not as high as that of the Sailfish Clan. They have also been to Coral City, but the Coral City of the Sailfish Clan is not allowed to be entered at will, so they have only seen it from a distance. It looks like a coral city, and this place is also in a coral reef, very similar to the coral city of the swordfish family.

Tu Qianxing led Ma Rufei and the others to swim forward. After a while, he led Ma Rufei and the others to an area. This area was also a coral city, and caves could be seen everywhere. However, the caves in this area were all empty. After Tu Qianxing led everyone here, he said to Ma Rufei: "Clan Chief Ma, this is the resting place prepared for you. You take a rest here first. After you all arrive, I will give you a new one." Do you think there is no problem in allocating the territory to your clan?"

Ma Rufei immediately said: "No problem. Thank you, old man. It's good if we can have a place to rest." Ma Rufei looked at the environment around the station. To be honest, the environment here is really good. Of course he There was nothing dissatisfied about, so I agreed immediately.

Tu Qianxing nodded and said, "Okay, then it's up to Chief Ma to decide how to allocate rooms. I have to pick up other people, so please do it yourself." After saying that, he turned around and swam away. His speed was not very fast. , seemingly slowly and leisurely, and you can tell at a glance that he is really not in a hurry now.

After Tu Qianxing left, Ma Rufei glanced around, and immediately a member of the Ma Hai clan swam to Ma Rufei's side and whispered to Ma Rufei: "Clan leader, what should we do now?" His voice was very low, and There were people from the Kaiba clan all around, so there was no need to worry about anyone hearing them. When others saw them, they would just think that they were discussing how to allocate rooms.

Ma Rufei glanced around and said in a deep voice: "Sit down first, find out the situation around you, and then take action when you have the chance. We only have one chance and we can't waste it. Don't take action now, and don't contact Mr. Dragon King, in case We were discovered by them. I think we have just come in now. They should pay great attention to us. We can wait for a while. When they stop paying attention to us, we will take action." The person from the seahorse clan responded, and then turned around to make arrangements. The other tribesmen went to rest.

At this time, Tu Qianxing was also swimming forward, but the expression on his face was a bit solemn. He did not go to pick up other people from the seahorse clan, but left Ma Rufei and the others and headed upstream to a side road. Go, after realizing that there was no one around, he disappeared in a flash.

When he appeared once, he had already appeared in Pearl City. After arriving at Pearl City, he glanced around, and finally pointed his eyes in the direction of the City Lord's Mansion. He immediately swam over and arrived at Pearl City. At the mansion, two blue-light octopuses immediately came to greet them. These two blue-light octopuses were also quite young. As soon as they saw Tu Qianxing, they immediately asked in confusion: "Old Tu, why are you here?"

Tu Qianxing glanced at them and said in a deep voice: "I have something important to tell you. Let's go in and talk." The two blue-light octopus clan members looked at Tu Qianxing in confusion, but they were Without saying anything, Tu Qianxing was let into the room.

After Tu Qianxing sat down, the other party looked at Tu Qianxing with some confusion and said, "Old Tu, what on earth is going on? You can't tell it outside? It's so mysterious." They also knew Tu Qianxing. , Even though Tu Qianxing seems to be very old and still sitting in charge at home, in fact, he is also one of the few masters in the swordfish clan and is the elder of the swordfish clan. That's why he behaves like this now.

Tu Qianxing glanced at the two of them, and then said: "Just now from the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, two more races entered our Xuanwu Sea. They are the seahorse clan and the agouti clan. They directly entered the coral of our swordfish clan. In the city, do you know about this?"

The two members of the Blue-Light Octopus Clan are all elders of the Blue-Light Octopus Clan. However, because of their age, they did not directly participate in the battle on the front line and stayed behind. However, the two of them were very concerned about the matters on the front line. They were still very concerned, and they also knew what Tu Qianxing said, so they both nodded at the same time and said: "I know, the population here in Pearl City is already quite large, so we let them go to Coral City. What's wrong? Is there any problem?"

Tu Qianxing looked at the two of them and said, "I found that there are problems with the seahorse clan and the agouti clan. The leader of the seahorse clan is called Ma Rufei. I have met this man before. The two of us met when we were traveling outside. , we walked together for a while and discussed the use of spells with each other, but when I saw him today, he didn’t even recognize me. The most important thing is that I know that Ma Rufei has a characteristic, that is, on his tail, there is A gem-like scale, which is unique to him. He also specifically told me about it back then. He said that the scale could save his life, because the scale had the same effect as a pure crystal ball. As long as it When it encounters something unclean, its color will turn black, and the scales on the horse Rufei I saw today are black."

Having said this, Tu Qianxing paused again, and then said: "There is also the abyssin family. I have seen the abyssin family before. Although they are not strong in combat, their tempers are not good, and they are very... They are lively, but the agouti people I have seen are very honest. Although their expressions will change a little, the changes are not many. The most important thing is that I can see on their foreheads There was a small wound. If no one paid attention to this wound, it would not be easy to find. But after I suspected them, I paid attention. All the members of the agouti clan had such a wound on their heads. This is very wrong.”

Hearing what Tu Qianxing said, the two elders of the Blue Light Octopus Clan were all stunned. One of the elders said, "Then what do you mean? Do you think Ma Rufei is a fake by someone else? Those Ayurveda Clan also have problems. ?Are they being controlled?"

Tu Qianxing said: "Ma Rufei must be fake. I looked carefully and found that the scales on Ma Rufei's tail were stained. But he didn't know that the scales on Ma Rufei's tail were not actually black. It is dark blue. It will only turn black when it encounters something unclean. When the opponent killed Ma Rufei, he must have used shady means to make the scales on Ma Rufei's tail turn black, but they I don’t know, so they made the scales on their tails black instead of dark blue. As for the agouti family, I think they may really be controlled by others.”

Hearing what Tu Qianxing said, the two elders of the Blue Light Octopus clan also became nervous. One of them said: "But if this is really the case, why don't you tell Master Jiuling and Chief Tu? Let them contact them as soon as possible. Sect, let’s deal with all these guys.”

Tu Qianxing smiled bitterly and said: "Those guys haven't all entered the Xuanwu Sea yet. If I tell Master Jiuling and the others now, I'm afraid they will take direct action to deal with these guys. And these guys must have entered our Xuanwu Sea. Is there any conspiracy? If they take action immediately after discovering that the matter is revealed, then our swordfish and swordfish clan will suffer great losses. Now there are only old people and children in our two clans. If those guys suddenly If you attack, those children will be in danger."

When the two elders of the blue-light octopus clan heard what he said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then they nodded. It is true that this matter cannot be taken risks, but in this way, how to deal with those seahorses and agoutifish becomes There was a question, and both of them were silent for a moment, not knowing what to say. Although this matter did not fall on them, they did not dare to take it lightly. They knew very well that this matter related to the entire sea. clan, because those seahorses and agouti must be brought in by Jiu Ling Lao and the others. If they cause trouble here in the Xuanwu Sea, it means that Jiu Ling Lao and the others are not doing their job well. That is not a good thing for them. , so they must handle it carefully.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.