c7630 surrender

Jiuling Lao and the others have been moving forward for about ten hours, but they have not seen a single sea tribesman. Although they have seen some sea beasts, they are just some small fish and shrimps. Although Jiuling Lao and the others have already put those The sea beast was caught in the Xuanwu Sea, but for them, this was not a battle at all, so Old Jiu Ling and the others were a little anxious. But at the same time, they were also a little excited. They all knew that if the enemy did not come out now, it meant that the enemy had already assembled. When the enemy gathered, they would face a very powerful enemy.

At this time, the sudden Jiuling Lao stopped, and Bafang and the others stopped immediately. Everyone looked at Jiuling Lao, and Jiuling Lao said: "Two thousand meters ahead, there is a Sea Clan team. There are a lot of people and they are approaching us. The speed of their approach is not very fast, but the number is really large. Everyone is ready to fight."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone was stunned for a moment, and then immediately started to form formations, getting ready for the battle. Old Jiuling and Bafang also stopped there, looking quietly in front of them. After a while, Jiuling Lao suddenly said: "It's the Seahorse Clan and the Abyssinus Clan. What are they doing here? Do they want to fight us just because of them? Although the Seahorse Clan's water spells are good, but the Thorny Clan's Dolphins don’t have the ability to protect them.”

Bafang and the others were all stunned. They knew about the Kaiba clan. This is a special race in the sea. They are a race mainly based on the water-type magic sea. Their magic attacks are very powerful, but other than this, they are really There is nothing special about it. Although the defense is good, it is not the strongest. Therefore, when the Kaiba clan takes action, they will usually act with some melee races that can protect them. If they act alone If so, it would be difficult to defeat the enemy, and the agouti family is not a race that is very strong in close combat.

The agouti tribe is a race that uses poison. They have venomous spines on their bodies, and their bodies are also poisonous, so generally no one will provoke them. They also have an air sac in their bodies. If they encounter an enemy , they will inhale seawater into their bodies, and the seawater will continue to fill the air sacs, and their bodies will become larger and turn into a huge bead. With the addition of thorns all over their bodies, the enemy will have a... It feels like there is no way to start. Their defense is pretty good, so under normal circumstances, they are very difficult to deal with.

However, the agouti family is a good defensive race, but it is not a good melee race. Their melee ability is not very strong. It is precisely because of this that the agouti family is not a good one, compared with the seahorse. One race moves together, but now these two races are moving together, which is really puzzling.

Bafang and the others were also very puzzled. Bafang said: "Although no one wants to provoke the agouti clan, it is not because they are afraid of them. Their strength is not strong and their defense is okay. If you use magic to attack them, they will They will be knocked away directly. There is no way they can protect the Kaiba clan. Why would the two races act together? Is this too weird?" Bafang was really confused.

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "We will find out in a moment. I think these guys are not here to fight. They move very fast. This is rare among the two tribes, because they are not here to fight." The tribe is not a fast race, and if they really want to deal with us, they will not use such fast speed."

Tu Ying frowned and said, "Could it be that they came to surrender? Someone is chasing them, so they want to surrender?" Tu Ying really couldn't figure it out, so he casually guessed a reason. But when he heard what he said, a smile appeared on Old Jiuling's face. He thought about it and said in a deep voice: "This is indeed possible."

When Tu Ying and the others heard what he said, they were all stunned, but they didn't say anything. They all looked ahead. They knew that the other party should be arriving soon. Although the two races were not known for their speed, in the The speed in the sea is not very slow, it should be coming soon.

Sure enough, after a while, a large group of sea tribes appeared in the sight of Jiuling Lao and the others. Jiu Linglao and the others looked in that direction and looked at the sea tribes. Sure enough, they were the seahorse tribe and the agouti tribe. They all had faces now. They were swimming forward in a hurry, as if something was chasing them.

Old Jiu Ling raised his eyebrows suddenly, and then said: "Sure enough, someone is chasing them. They are the lobster clan. There are still a lot of them. Some of the backward seahorse clan and agouti clan have been killed by them. It seems that they are really The ones who escaped are the ones who escaped, so be prepared and ask them what happened."

All of them in Bafang responded, but with smiles on their faces, and the seahorse and agouti tribe seemed to have seen them. They swam faster, and soon they had reached Jiulinglao. They were about a hundred meters in front of them, and they stopped. Without waiting for Old Jiuling to ask, a seahorse swam out from among their army. The seahorse said loudly to Old Jiuling: "Lord Jiuling, please save my life."

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he immediately asked: "What's going on?" The seahorse clan and the agouti clan are not really strong fighting races in the sea clan. If they really put their If we rank the combat power, the Kaiba clan can only be regarded as the third class, but the Agatha clan is not ranked at all. The Kaiba clan also has spells as a means of attack, but the Agatha clan has almost no offensive means. They It's just that they are more difficult to kill, so no one wants to kill them. Their combat effectiveness is really poor, so Elder Jiuling really doesn't believe that they can do anything.

The seahorse said loudly: "Lord Jiuling, I am the current leader of the seahorse clan, Ma Rufei. Our seahorse clan did not want to be your enemy. You also know that our seahorse clan's combat effectiveness is not very strong. Being your enemy will do us no good at all, so we don’t want to be your enemy, but the Dragon King ordered us to be your enemy. Some traitors in our clan also participated in the battle with you. Among them, but recently, they wanted us to attack us again. If we didn't agree, the Dragon King would kill us. Fortunately, we were on the periphery of the army, so we escaped. Even so, the Dragon King was not going to let us go. Us, he ordered the lobster clan to come after us, and he is about to catch up with us, please save our lives, Master Jiuling."

Although his words were very short and confusing, Elder Jiu Ling understood the general meaning. These seahorses did not want to be their enemies, but the Dragon King asked them to attack the Blood Killing Sect, and their clan members There were also some traitors who followed others to attack the Blood Killing Sect. Now, the Dragon King should have gathered the army of the Sea Clan. They were on the periphery of the Sea Clan army. The Dragon King once asked them to attack the Blood Killing Sect. Zong, they didn't want to, but the Dragon King wanted to kill them, so they escaped. The Dragon King was furious and sent an army of lobsters to hunt them down.

Things should be like this. Looking at the seahorses and agoutifish, Old Jiuling could not help but reveal a smile. He said solemnly: "Okay, as long as you are sincerely willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, then you can come over. , we will protect you." Old Jiuling really didn't believe what these seahorses and agouti could do, that's why he said this.

When Ma Rufei heard what Mr. Jiuling said, his face couldn't help but reveal a hint of joy, and he immediately said loudly: "Yes, we are willing, Mr. Jiuling, we are willing to seal our cultivation to prevent you from misunderstanding." ." At this point, he wanted to seal his cultivation.

But at this moment, there was a huge chaos behind their group. Old Jiuling's expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "No, the lobster army has already caught up. You guys, hurry up and get behind me." , go quickly." Old Jiuling said this because he was afraid that they would block their way to clean up the lobster army.

Ma Rufei responded and immediately gave the order. The seahorse clan and the agouti clan immediately rushed behind Mr. Jiu Ling and the others. At the same time, they also made way for Mr. Jiu Ling and the others. They immediately passed through those passages. He rushed straight towards the lobster army.

But the lobster army realized that something was wrong. They immediately turned around and ran away without any intention of stopping. Their speed was not slow at all, and they ran cleanly in the blink of an eye. In fact, if the seahorse clan and the agouti clan hadn't wasted some time of Old Jiu Ling and the others, they could have caught up with the lobster clan, but they might not be able to catch up now.

Old Jiuling was not angry. When he saw that the lobster family had run away and they could not catch up, he gave the order to stop the pursuit. Then he turned to look at Ma Rufei and the others. Ma Rufei and the others were much calmer now. , although many people still have panic expressions on their faces, they are getting better.

As soon as he saw Mr. Jiuling looking at him, Ma Rufei immediately swam towards Mr. Jiuling. When he reached Mr. Jiuling's side, he saluted to Mr. Jiuling and said, "Thank you, Mr. Jiuling, for saving me." , we are willing to join the Blood Killing Sect and become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If you don’t believe us, then we are willing to seal our cultivation, please accept us."

"Please accept us!" The other people behind Ma Rufei shouted loudly at the same time, and also saluted Old Jiuling. Old Jiuling looked at those people and sighed lightly. He knew the situation in the sea. , if there really is a battle in the sea, the first ones to be sent out must be these races that are not very powerful in combat. They are cannon fodder in the sea, so the reaction of Ma Rufei and the others is also very normal.

When he thought of this, Mr. Jiuling said in a deep voice: "Well, you all know the situation here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom. The Dragon King may not be able to survive, and the Blood Killing Sect is still very good to our Sea Clan. We can You will receive the same treatment as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so I hope you can practice hard after joining the Blood Killing Sect. I will send someone to send you back to the Blood Killing Sect, so be prepared."