c7639 curse

Sun Buyu and the others greeted each other and looked at each other. They all wanted to see what kind of person the other person was. Sun Buyu didn't have any bad impression of Sha Sitian's appearance. In the sect, due to different races, there are many people with strange shapes. Although Sha Sitian looks vicious, he is still within the acceptable range of Sun Buyu.

When Sha Sitian saw Sun Buyu, his first feeling was that he was a very difficult person to deal with. Sun Buyu's aura was very powerful, like a long knife. His body was upright and his whole body was... It feels very energetic, but it also gives people a feeling of being very sharp and not easy to mess with.

After the two parties met with each other, Mr. Jiuling immediately said to Sun Buyu: "Elder Sun, I don't quite understand what you meant before. You said that the Dragon King might not be guarding against Lao Sha and the others, but wanted to take advantage of them. This It makes me a little confused, can you explain it to me carefully?"

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said: "Actually, there are many kinds of curses. There are countless kinds of curses. The curse that the Dragon King used to control the agouti clan was just another kind. There are many kinds of curses. Before, You said that the Dragon King may be on guard against you, so he placed a curse on you. I don’t think it’s that simple. The Dragon King may have other plans, such as placing a curse on you. This kind of curse It is controllable. When he encounters a strong enemy, he can directly activate the curse and control the shark tribe. The shark tribe can be completely under his control and attack the enemy desperately, and he can take the opportunity to escape. Yes, we have encountered a curse like this more than once."

When Elder Jiuling and the others heard what Sun Buyu said, they were all stunned, and then their expressions couldn't help but change. Elder Jiuling looked at Sun Buyu and said: "Elder Sun, you mean that the Dragon King is in Lao Sha's Is this curse placed on the body to directly control them to die when necessary? Is that right?"

Sun Buyu said: "I can only say that it is possible. There are too many types of curses, but judging from the current situation, this kind of curse is the most practical. Why do you say this? The most important reason is , this curse has many uses. For example, when we attack the Dragon King, he can make the Shark Clan people rush up to attack us in a desperate state, or self-destruct to attack us. If the Shark Clan people surrender to us, between us and When the Dragon King fights, if the Shark Tribe participates, he can also activate the curse, control the Shark Tribe, and then attack us. At that time, we will definitely take action and kill the Shark Tribe, and we may also be angry with the Shark Tribe for this. Those who are old and weak will be equivalent to being exterminated by the shark clan, and we will also suffer a lot of losses, but the Dragon King can benefit from it."

Both Jiuling Lao and Sha Sitian broke into cold sweat after hearing this. If there really is such a method, it would really be of great use, especially if it is used on the Sharks. It would be of great use. , if that is really the case, the consequences will be really unimaginable.

Sha Sitian's eyes shone with hatred. He betrayed the Dragon King before and joined the Blood Killing Sect. He still felt a little uncomfortable in his heart. After all, the Dragon King had treated them well over the years, but he did not expect that the Dragon King would actually He had already tampered with them. If it was true as Sun Buyu said, then the Dragon King's move was really amazing.

Sun Buyu looked at the expressions of the two people and said in a deep voice: "It's not certain whether the Shark Clan has been affected by the curse I mentioned. We won't know until the sect tests it, but you don't have to worry about anything, Dragon King If they want to play this trick in front of our Blood Killing Sect, they are really not qualified. When it comes to using curses, how can he compare with our Blood Killing Sect? He is far behind."

Elder Jiuling and Sha Sitian both nodded, but did not say anything. Sun Buyu looked at the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "All the Shark Clan members will soon enter the Xuanwu Sea. Elder Jiuling, you guys should also rest." Come on, stop moving forward. The Sharks have also joined us. Then the Dragon King will have fewer available soldiers and fewer soldiers capable of fighting. It will be easier for us to deal with them, so we There’s no need to rush, you can take your time.”

Both Jiuling Lao and Sha Sitian nodded. Sun Buyu clasped his fists at them and said, "Okay, I'll leave the matter here to you two. We'll go back first. If you need anything, just tell us." , As long as we can do it, we will help you two resolve it as soon as possible. Elder Jiuling, you should worry more about the Shark Clan's affairs. Let's go." After saying that, he led Jiang Shenglin and the three of them, turned around and left.

Looking at the backs of Sun Buyu and the others, Sha Sitian turned to Old Jiuling and said, "Sir, do they have high status in the Blood Killing Sect?" Sha Sitian actually pays great attention to these four people. Yes, because he could feel that these four people were not only Sun Buyu, but the other three were also very dangerous, and he could see that Sun Buyu might be as strong as him and older than Jiuling in terms of the strength of these four people. It's a little worse than him, and the other three people are a little worse than him.

Old Jiuling shook his head and said: "The status of these few in the Blood Killing Sect is really not very high. Elder Sun is the strongest team in the Blood Killing Sect and the captain of the Alien Cavalry. , have real power in their hands and have a very high status. The other three are all elders in the Blood Killing Sect, but their status is not as high as that of Elder Sun. They can only be regarded as second-rate in the Blood Killing Sect. The elder’s status is almost the same as mine.”

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling and said, "Are there any masters like you in the Blood Killing Sect?" Sha Sitian is very aware of the strength of Old Jiuling. The strength of Old Jiuling lies here in Shenlonghai Kingdom. It was definitely considered top-notch, so he wanted to know how many masters like Jiuling Lao there were in the Blood Killing Sect.

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly and said: "In the Blood Killing Sect, there are many people with my strength, and some of them are much stronger than me. As for the sect leader, let alone , The sect leader's attack here in the Dragon Realm is actually to train troops, otherwise it would only take one person from the sect to take action. In our Dragon Realm, there is no one, no race, who can withstand the sect's attack."

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling. He wanted to see from the face of Old Jiuling whether what he said was true or not. In his opinion, Old Jiuling was already so strong. How could there be anyone else who could compare with him? Is he still stronger? But what Elder Jiuling said shouldn’t be wrong, right? That means that the sect leader is much stronger than Jiuling Lao. Is there really such a strong person in this world?

Jiuling Lao looked at Sha Sitian's look and couldn't help but smile bitterly. He then said: "Okay, don't think about it anymore. You may not believe it when I say it. When you have the opportunity in the future, you will take action when you see the sect leader. Just believe me, stop talking, let’s go, let’s go to the Xuanwu Sea. I don’t know what the place arranged for you by the sect master is like. I heard that it will belong to you from now on, even if it is yours in the future. Now that you have joined the Blood Killing Sect, you can live there for a long time, which is great, and you will have a place to settle down."

Sha Sitian nodded, but there was a hint of worry on his face, but he still came to Jiulinglao's side. The next moment, the two of them had disappeared into the Shenlonghai Kingdom. When Sha Sitian came back again When he could see the surrounding situation clearly, he found that they had reached another sea area, because he saw many of his people, and at the same time, he also saw a huge light curtain in front of him. In front of the light curtain, people were killing each other. The disciple who had passed there was commanding his clansmen, and after passing through the light curtain, a piercing alarm sounded.

Old Jiuling was also watching this situation. When he saw the harsh alarm sound on the light screen, he couldn't help but frowned and said: "It seems that the alarm sound was because the curse on you was discovered. Come on, let’s go, you should go and take a look, don’t really fall for the Dragon King’s tricks then.”

Sha Sitian nodded, and then followed him, Jiuling Lao, to the light curtain. Then he flew directly past the light curtain, but immediately the piercing alarm sounded, and then the Blood Killing Sect's The disciple came up to him directly, looked at the appearance of the two people, and then saluted Elder Jiuling and said, "I have met Elder Jiuling."

Jiuling Lao nodded and said to the disciple: "This is Sha Sitian, the leader of the Shark Clan. Take a look and see if he also has a curse on him." Jiuling Lao recognized the disciple. , he was not surprised at all. Every time the Blood Killing Sect adds a core elder, the whole sect must be notified, and the elder's information will also be transmitted to everyone's optical brain, so the Blood Killing Sect There is no such thing as a disciple not knowing a core elder.

The disciple responded and came to Shasitian with an iron ball. Then a blue light was emitted from the iron ball and covered Shasitian. After the blue light swept from Shasitian, it immediately fell on Shasitian. Two very eye-catching blue dots appeared on the two legs of the sky. These two blue dots were very bright and could be seen at a glance.

Because Sha Sitian is a member of the Shark Clan, after he turned into a human form, the clothes he wore were also like tights. When paired with his tall figure, it really made people feel very tangible. Now On both of his little feet, there is a blue light spot, which is difficult to see.

The disciple pointed at the two light spots and said: "Elder Jiuling, Chief Sha, have you seen these two light spots? These two light spots are where the curse is. Others only have one light spot, and Chief Sha, you have two. In other words, there are two curses on you. These two curses may be different. Chief Sha, please don’t move. I will give you these two curses now. Come down." After saying that, a burst of green light emitted from the iron ball in the hand of the Blood Killing Sect disciple. The green light covered the two blue light spots, and then was directly pulled into the iron ball. , after it was done, the disciple let out a sigh of relief. He then saluted Sha Sitian and Jiuling Lao and said, "Okay, Chief Sha, you can pass through the light curtain. If not, Sirens, then there’s no problem.”