c7634 deal with

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, then waved his hand, and the next moment countless people from the Necromancer clan appeared in front of Zhao Hai. After they appeared, they immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I have seen the young master." All of these people They maintained the appearance of skeletons and did not turn into humans, but they were all wearing clothes, which made them look even more terrifying.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Bring all the people of the Seahorse clan to the blood pool and kill them. Don't put the blood directly into the blood pool. You must refine the blood into blood crystals and then add them to the blood pool." , don’t be afraid of wasting some, as long as you completely master how to refine blood crystals, the remaining corpses of the Seahorse clan will be left directly to the Alien clan, don’t turn them into the Undead clan, I don’t want to Let them become like you, and they will not admire you.”

All the people from the Necromancer clan responded, and then they swarmed up and captured all the people from the Seahorse clan. After each one of them caught a person from the Seahorse clan, they flashed and jumped directly He disappeared, apparently going to kill those people of the Seahorse clan and refine blood crystals.

After all the people of the seahorse clan were captured, Zhao Hai glanced at the people of the agouti clan, and then said in a deep voice: "This dragon king is really stupid, and he will use this method to control you. You must be able to hear me now and know what you are doing, but you have no way to control your body. This should actually be regarded as a curse. I will remove your curse and then watch your performance. Finished." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved his hand and saw ice needles flying out from the small wounds on the heads of the agouti clan. These ice needles were very small, crystal clear, and very beautiful. But this needle also has a trace of black light, which looks a bit weird, because the black light is not motionless, it seems to be constantly swimming on the needle, which is very scary.

Then countless ice needles gathered in Zhao Hai's hands, and finally turned into a black ice ball in Zhao Hai's hands. This ice ball was the size of a football, and it seemed that there were countless black air intertwining with each other, which looked very strange. It was so weird. When he saw this situation, Tu Qianxing couldn't help but shudder, because this thing was so weird and terrifying.

Zhao Hai glanced at Tu Qianxing, smiled slightly and said: "This thing is actually not terrible, I can dispose of it at any time, but it also has some uses, that is, it can be used to study new curses, so I put it I stayed here just to prepare for the people at Shenji Hall to study it carefully." After saying that, Zhao Hai immediately put the ice ball away.

After putting away the ice puck, Zhao Hai turned his attention to the agoutifish. Those agoutifish were still unable to move. Zhao Hai looked at the agoutifish and then said: "You can hear what I said, now the... The restrictions have been lifted by me. I will give you a chance to join the Blood Killing Sect. In a moment, I will remove the restrictions on you so that you can move. If any of you dare to act randomly, or If you want to use self-destruction to kill our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then I will no longer be polite to you. I will not only kill the person who did it, but also kill all the agouti clan. If you don’t believe it. , you can give it a try." After saying that, Zhao Hai flicked his fingers gently and snapped his fingers. Following his movement, he saw the agoutifish all moving, as if suddenly from some statues, Became like a living creature.

After the agoutifish could move, they immediately began to swim. Finally, under the leadership of a larger agoutifish, they swam in front of Zhao Hai. The leader saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Thank you, sect master, for saving my life." It is a great favor that we, the agouti clan, are willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, we are willing to be slaves and servants, and we will never dare to betray the sect master."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he was stunned at first, and then laughed loudly and said: "You guys have a good plan, but now you can only become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and want to become my servants. , you are not qualified now, what is your name?" Zhao Hai was very interested in the agouti family. This race did not have strong fighting power, but it seemed to be very united.

The man from the agouti clan immediately said: "He Luo has met the sect master, and I am the leader of the agouti clan." The agony dolphin was not angry because of Zhao Hai's previous words, and still stood there very respectfully. Answering Zhao Hai's question seemed very honest, and the other agoutifish all stood there honestly. In fact, they were really frightened, although they had no way to control their bodies before, But they still know everything about what is happening in the outside world. There are several million people from the seahorse clan participating in this operation, and the number of people from their agouti clan has reached about 20 million. So many people All people were actually controlled by Zhao Hai, especially those from the Haima clan. They were completely controlled by Zhao Hai and had no ability to resist at all. This is enough to show Zhao Hai's strength. In this case, How dare they resist.

Zhao Hai looked at the man named He Luo, nodded and said: "Okay, He Luo, this dolphin clan is still under your control. You will also live here first. Although I agree with you to join the blood killing Sect, but we need to test you for several months. We will have to wait until we destroy the Dragon King before you can officially become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. During this period of time, you can move around here in Coral City, but don’t let me know. What did you do to injure my Blood Killing Sect disciples? Otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude."

He Luo responded quickly, and Zhao Hai turned to Tu Qianxing and said: "Elder Tu, please arrange a place for them to live, and you don't need to take care of other things. But if they dare to hurt people of your clan, but other things People from the Sea Tribe, tell me right away, I won’t be polite to them, and I will definitely deal with them.”

Tu Qianxing responded, Zhao Hai nodded, and then turned around and left. After Zhao Hai left, Tu Qianxing turned to look at He Luo, and then said in a deep voice: "You guys are so lucky, even though it's You were controlled by someone to enter the Blood Killing Sect, but the sect leader allowed you to join the Blood Killing Sect. This is a great thing for you. You will know it in the future. I have assigned it to you before. Room, you can stay in that room. As for other things, I think the sect will send someone to tell you, I’m leaving." After saying that, Tu Qianxing ignored them and turned around and left. To be honest, Tu Qianxing really didn't have a good impression of the agouti clan, because the two clans had no friendship before. In addition to what happened this time, although the agouti clan was forced, Tu Qianxing still didn't treat him well. Impression, naturally I don’t want to say anything more to them.

Old Jiuling and the others who were advancing on the front line suddenly received a notice from the sect. When they saw the notice from the sect, their expressions couldn't help but change wildly, because what the notice said was exactly about the seahorse. It was only now that Jiu Linglao and the others knew how to deal with the seahorse clan and the agouti clan. It turned out that the seahorse clan and the agouti clan were actually sent by the Dragon King to wreak havoc in the Blood Killing Sect. This really made them feel extremely embarrassed. Shock.

"Sir, what should we do now? I really didn't expect that the seahorse clan and the agouti clan are actually intertwined. What should we do now?" Bafang's face also changed wildly. He really wanted to know what to do next. To be honest, they had to bear a lot of responsibility for what happened this time, which made him feel a little confused for a moment.

Jiuling Lao took a deep breath, stabilized his emotions, then thought for a moment, and then said: "Don't worry, the sect has already dealt with this matter, which means that this matter has not caused any harm to the sect. What kind of harm, and the sect didn’t send anyone to inform us, it means that the sect thinks that this incident has nothing to do with us, but we have to express an attitude and can’t pretend to be okay. , let’s let the army stop advancing and stay where it is. We must go back to the frontline headquarters and meet Elder Sun. Only in this way can we know what the sect’s attitude towards this matter is. "Attitude, let's go." They all responded, and then immediately gave the order to stop the Hai Clan army's advance and stay on alert. Then Jiuling Lao led Bafang and Tu Ying back to the frontline headquarters. They must know what is going on.

As soon as they arrived at the frontline headquarters, they saw Sun Buyu and the others waiting for them. As soon as he saw them coming, Sun Buyu smiled and said: "I think everyone will be here soon, so don't worry, this time What happened can only be regarded as an accident. We just have to be more careful in the future. The sect master has no intention of blaming us."

Jiuling Lao saluted Sun Buyu with a look of shame on his face and said: "Elder Sun, what happened this time was that we did something wrong. We trusted those people too much. Fortunately nothing happened. Otherwise, we, the people, would , a hundred deaths are inevitable, please Elder Sun, please tell the sect master that we really didn’t mean it, we were too careless, and we will correct it."

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he couldn't help but shook his head and said with a smile: "Don't worry, the sect leader won't blame us if he says he won't blame us. Speaking of which, I am also responsible for this matter. The sect is not blaming anyone, so you don’t have to worry. By the way, Elder Tu Qianxing of the Sailfish Clan made great contributions to this incident."

When Tu Ying heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Sun Buyu with some confusion. Sun Buyu smiled and said: "The one who first discovered that there was something wrong with the Haima clan was Elder Tu Qianxing. He originally wanted to I will inform you right away, but when I think about it, the seahorse clan and the agouti clan have not entered the Xuanwu Sea at that time, and they are still very close to you. If I inform you, if one of you does not handle it well, it will cause trouble. In a big melee, there may be a lot of casualties, and if not, the enemy may take advantage of it, so he didn't notify you, but directly reported it to the sect."