c7638 Mutation

Just when Jiuling Lao was talking, the Shark Clan people also entered the area where they lived in the Xuanwu Sea. This is a large sea area. In this sea area, there are already many Blood Killing Sect disciples standing there. As soon as they saw the Sharks appearing, those members of the Blood Killing Sect immediately came forward to greet them.

The Sea Clan people who brought the Shark Clan people here, when they saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they quickly saluted them. Those disciples also returned the salute very politely, and then smiled at those people and said: "Hello everyone, we are From the Logistics Department of the Blood Killing Sect, the mission we received this time is to help the Shark Clan settle down quickly. Everyone, your mission has been completed and you can go back to the front line. This is my mission certificate. "After saying that, the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect took out a jade slip and handed it to the Sea Clan who came with the Shark Clan.

The sea clan also knew about this newly added program. He took the jade slip, looked at it carefully, and then returned the jade slip to the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect and directed it at the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. He said with a salute: "In this case, I will trouble you, senior brothers." After saying that, he turned to the Shark Clan people and said: "Dear friends of the Shark Clan, these are the people from the Blood Killing Sect who have come to settle you. You just listen to his arrangements. Goodbye, everyone." After saying that, he saluted the shark clan members, turned around and left.

As soon as they left, the Shark Clan people all focused on the Blood Killing Sect disciples, but those Blood Killing Clan disciples were all experienced in many battles. Although the Shark Clan people looked very ferocious, and they looked They didn't seem to be good people, but they were able to remain calm. The leader smiled at the shark clan members and said, "Everyone, don't be nervous. We will be the same sect from now on. Although we can't be considered so now, we can still be considered. We are half fellow disciples. As long as we take care of the Dragon King, we will be officially fellow disciples, so you don’t have to be nervous. In the future, even if you become the official disciples of our Blood Killing Sect, you will still live here. Here This will be your home from now on, but before visiting this place, there are still some things I need to ask for your cooperation with."

After saying that, he waved his hand, and the two disciples behind him immediately took out two metal balls with a diameter of nearly one meter. They placed the two metal balls about a thousand meters apart, and then placed them on the two metal balls. Two red lights flashed out. These two red lights pointed straight towards the sky. At the same time, a layer of light curtain slowly appeared between the two red lights.

The disciple of the Blood Killing Sect said to the shark clan members: "Everyone, before you visit here, all of you, whether adults or children, must swim through this light curtain. You can rest assured that this light The curtain will not do any harm to you. It is actually a detection device. It can detect whether there are any dangerous things on all of you, or whether there are any restrictions. The reason why we do this is for your own benefit. .”

He paused for a moment, then said: "The Seahorse Clan and the Agouti Clan also surrendered to us before, but we found that there was a problem with them. Those members of the Seahorse Clan were all dead soldiers, and they just wanted to attack. We kill the members of the clan with blood, but those members of the agouti clan do not do so voluntarily. They are all cursed by others. This curse prevents them from controlling their bodies and makes them do things they don’t want to do. Of course there is no such curse on you, but we are worried that the Dragon King will do something else to you. If that happens, you will be in danger in the future, so please cooperate with us. This is a complete test, thank you all.”

When the shark clan members heard what he said, they were all stunned. Then they felt that it was nothing special. They just swam through the light curtain. What could they do? So they all responded. , and then swam straight towards the light curtain.

But just as they swam through the light curtain, a very harsh siren suddenly sounded. The sound was very harsh and startled everyone. When they heard this sound, the blood-killing sects The disciples were always nervous. They glanced at the confused shark clan members and immediately knew that there was something wrong with those shark clan members, but they themselves didn't know it.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not directly surround the shark clan members as if they were facing a formidable enemy. Instead, they walked over and comforted the shark clan members: "Don't be nervous, everyone, this voice means , from everyone, I really noticed something wrong, but you may not have noticed it, so don’t be nervous, let’s take a look and find out what’s going on.” After that, he took out an iron ball and walked over Around those shark tribesmen.

The shark clan members all stayed there, not daring to move. They really didn't expect that there was something really wrong with them, which made them don't know what to say for a moment. , and then they saw the Blood Killing Sect disciple holding a small iron ball and coming to them. The iron ball immediately shot out a blue light and swept over their bodies. They also looked at their own bodies. Body, they soon noticed that there was a blue light spot on their tail. This light spot was not big, but the color was very bright.

The Blood Killing Sect disciple Guangran also saw the light spot, and then he swam directly over to the light spot. From the iron ball, another green light shot out, directly covering the light spot. The blue light spot disappeared in the blink of an eye. After the Blood Killing Sect disciple finished what he had done, he turned to the shark clan member and said, "Okay, you can swim through the light curtain now. If there is no sound in the light curtain this time, it means you There is no problem anymore.”

The shark tribe member responded immediately, and then swam through the light curtain again. This time there was no sound as expected. He let out a sigh of relief, and the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect also let out a breath. Then he said: "Okay, you can visit here later. There are not many buildings here. If you need any buildings, you can tell us. If we can meet your needs, we will definitely satisfy you."

The Shark Clan member didn't dare to say anything, and then stepped aside, waiting for the other Shark Clan members. He was not the only Shark Clan member who was tested before, there were many Shark Clan members who were tested, and all of them had problems. , now they have also passed the second test, and there are no problems. They are just waiting here for those tribesmen who have not been tested to complete the test.

There are hundreds of detection points like this in this area, but they are all located in different small areas, so they don't know each other for a while, and the detection results also let People were very surprised. These shark tribesmen all had curses on their bodies, and those shark tribesmen didn't know it. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect secretly frightened. They really didn't expect that it would be so.

Jiuling Lao, who was in the Dragon Realm and watched the Shark Clan people enter the Xuanwu Sea, also received the news at this time. When he heard that the Shark Clan people were all carrying curses, those Shark Clan people didn't even know that Jiu Ling The old man's face suddenly became very ugly. He glanced at Sha Sitian who was still organizing the tribesmen to enter the Blood Killing Sect. After thinking about it, he finally said: "Lao Sha, come here, I have something to do." I want to tell you."

As soon as Sha Sitian heard Old Jiuling calling him, he hurriedly swam to Old Jiuling and said to Old Jiuling with some confusion: "Sir, what's the matter with you?" He also called Old Jiuling "Sir". This is to show respect for Jiuling Caijing, and also because everyone from all over the world calls Jiuling Lao "sir", so he also calls him "sir".

Jiuling Lao looked at Sha Sitian and said: "Lao Sha, I have something to tell you. When your tribe entered the sect, the sect conducted a test on them. The result was that all of your tribe members had With a curse, do you know what the curse is? It is a kind of restriction. If activated, it may control your body. The people of the agouti family have been cursed before. The agouti family does not want to be our enemy. , but if they fall under this curse, they have to become our enemies, because their bodies are not controlled by themselves, but by the Kaiba clan. Yes, the Kaiba clan can even make them self-destruct directly. In the end, it was the sect leader who personally took action and lifted the restriction for them, and all of you shark clansmen are cursed. Although I don’t know if it is this kind of curse, but it is true that you are cursed.”

When Sha Sitian heard what Elder Jiuling said, his expression couldn't help but change. He looked at Elder Jiuling and said, "Sir, are you telling the truth?" He really couldn't believe that the Shark Clan members actually had... How come they don't know about the curse? Speaking of which, he can be regarded as one of the best masters in the Sea Clan. Even he didn't notice it, which made him not surprised.

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "It's true, of course it's true. The sect has already done the testing. It's true. However, before those curses were activated, they were all removed by the sect's people. Now they have been removed." It’s okay, I’m just very strange. People in the sect said that it seems that you shark tribe members don’t know that you are cursed? What is going on?”

Sha Sitian shook his head and said: "To be honest, I still don't know what happened. I haven't even found out that I am cursed yet, but I think this matter must be related to the Dragon King." We can’t escape the key point, I really didn’t expect that he would have been guarding us a long time ago, damn it.”

"Maybe he wants to guard against you, maybe he wants to take advantage of you." A voice suddenly came, and the two of them turned around and saw that several people were swimming towards them. As soon as they saw this coming Several people, Old Jiuling immediately saluted them and said: "Elder Sun, Elder Jiang, Elder Chen, Elder Tang, you are all here. Come, let me introduce to you. This is the leader of the Shark Clan. Sha Sitian, Lao Sha, these are the elders of our Blood Killing Sect, Elder Sun Buyu, Elder Jiang Shenglin, Elder Chen Chu, Elder Tang Yingyi, they are also the frontline commanders of the Blood Killing Sect’s attack on Shenlonghai Kingdom.”