c7637 sincere

"Quiet!" Elder Jiu Ling also noticed that the Sea Clan disciples were in a bit of a commotion, and he immediately shouted loudly. His voice was very loud, and all of the Sea Clan disciples were quieted down, and they all looked at each other. Looking at Jiuling Lao. Old Jiuling glanced at those disciples, and finally turned his attention to Sha Sitian, and said in a deep voice: "Sha Sitian, do you have any evidence? You must know that they have joined our Blood Killing Sect, if I only Because you doubted them with these few words, wasn't I too careful?" Elder Jiuling still wanted to see what Sha Sitian would say.

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling and burst into laughter. He laughed loudly and said: "As expected of the Prime Minister, you are really powerful. If I guessed correctly, you have already given up to the seahorse clan and the agouti clan." Cleaned it up, right? You have long seen that they have a problem, but you still brought him to your territory, and then cleaned them up, and now you use this matter to test me, hahahaha, it is indeed the Prime Minister Sir, this is truly remarkable.”

Old Jiuling looked at Sha Sitian, and after Sha Sitian finished speaking, he slowly said: "How could I not be defenseless at all? Sha Sitian, it is not impossible for you Shark Clan members to surrender if you want." , but I want to make it clear to you, if you surrender, I will take you to the Blood Killing Sect and mark out a certain area for you. You can live in that area, but you cannot leave that area at will. , when will we take care of the Dragon King and you can officially join our Blood Killing Sect? What do you think?"

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling, and then said: "Okay, Prime Minister, if you don't do this, I will look down on you. It is only reasonable for you to do this. That's all. I agree. We Shark Clan people We are willing to join the Blood Killing Sect and live in the area you have settled in. We will not leave that area until you defeat the Dragon King, but you also want us to take all our Shark Clan members with us, and our Shark Clan family members will also Come with us."

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he believed Sha Sitian's words. If Sha Sitian didn't take their family, then they wouldn't have any worries and they could do whatever they wanted. But if they took them If they want to do something, they must think about their families. Previously, the people of the seahorse clan and the agouti clan did not bring their families with them.

Jiuling Lao looked at Sha Sitian and said in a deep voice: "Sha Sitian, I'm very curious, haven't the Shark Clan people always been very loyal to the Dragon King? Why did you suddenly surrender to us now? This is really disappointing. I feel very surprised." These were the true words of Elder Jiuling. He really didn't understand why Sha Sitian wanted to surrender to them. This was very inconsistent with the way the Shark tribe had always done.

Sha Sitian looked at Jiuling Lao's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Master Prime Minister, if I didn't show my loyalty to the Dragon King, do you think we, the Shark Clan, would be where we are today? I'm afraid we would have been suppressed long ago. ." When Sha Sitian said this, there was obviously a cunning look on his face.

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Sha Sitian, and after a while he laughed loudly and said: "Okay, Sha Sitian, I have always underestimated you. I really don't." Thinking that you have such a scheming mind, okay, where are your family members? Call them all over, I will send you to our Blood Killing Sect right away."

Sha Sitian turned to say a few words to a shark next to him. The shark also replied a few words, and then turned and left. Sha Sitian then turned to Jiuling Lao said: "Our family is here. There’s a place not far from here, and they’ll be here soon.”

Jiuling Lao looked at his appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Sha Sitian, you are really amazing. We have already made preparations for this. Yes, very good. Put your family in a safe place and follow us. Let's negotiate. If the negotiation goes well, you can bring all your family members over. If the negotiation doesn't go well, you can start a war with us and at the same time notify your family members to leave as soon as possible. You are indeed very good."

Sha Sitian smiled slightly and said, "You're too generous. Aren't these things a clan leader should consider?" He looked calm. Although his appearance was still so vicious, at this moment, Old Jiuling and the others were Everyone felt something different from Sha Sitian's body. How should I put it, there was such a trace of warmth. This was really weird. They could actually feel a trace of warmth from a shark.

"Hahaha, you are very good, you are really very good. You are a qualified clan leader." A voice suddenly came from above everyone. Everyone was stunned, and then looked up. , I saw a figure slowly falling from the sky. He was dressed in black and had a golden crown on his head. It was Zhao Hai.

As soon as they saw Zhao Hai, Jiuling Lao and the others immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I have met the sect master." When Jiuling Lao saluted Zhao Hai, he had already turned into a human, which was a sign of respect. Zhao Hai's respect, now Jiuling Lao is really respectful and fearful of Zhao Hai, and at the same time there is a trace of gratitude. Fortunately, Zhao Hai did not pursue them this time, otherwise their sins would be huge this time.

Zhao Hai nodded, then turned to look at Sha Sitian. At this time, Sha Sitian also knew that the person coming was the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. His figure flashed, and the next moment he had become a taller man. He was a big man over two meters tall, with very white skin and a ferocious appearance. He saluted Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Sha Sitian, I have met the sect master. I hope the sect master can take in our shark clan."

Zhao Hai waved his hand, and a force helped Sha Sitian up. Then he said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, I said I would take you in, and I will take you in. Sha Sitian, you are very good." , very good. You, the leader of the clan, are very good at being a clan leader. You are more qualified than me, the clan leader. I admire you very much, but the rules still cannot be changed. Before we take care of the Dragon King, you can only work in the place I designated. Living in a regional area, and not getting the treatment that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect deserve, after we deal with the Dragon King, you will all be our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, what do you think?"

Sha Sitian quickly shook his head and said: "I have no objection, thank you for taking me in." Sha Sitian lowered his posture, which also made Zhao Hai very satisfied. It seemed that Sha Sitian really wanted to surrender. They, this is also a good thing for them. For people like Sha Sitian and the others, Zhao Hai actually doesn't want to kill more. It doesn't make sense. The Blood Killing Sect needs to train troops, but the training is almost done. There is no point in killing these people.

Zhao Hai nodded towards Sha Sitian, and then said: "Okay, as long as you don't have any objections, Elder Jiuling, you have to handle the Shark Clan's affairs well." After saying that, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared directly. If he The appearance was as sudden as before Jiuling Lao could reply, Zhao Hai had already left.

Seeing Zhao Hai leaving, Mr. Jiuling couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he turned to look at Sha Sitian and said in a deep voice: "Old Sha, your luck is really good. The sect leader actually came out to see you in person. You, this means that the sect master appreciates you very much. It seems that your shark clan will have a very easy life after joining the Blood Killing Sect."

When Sha Sitian heard what Mr. Jiuling said, he couldn't help laughing. Then he gave a big salute to Mr. Jiuling and said loudly: "Thank you, Mr. Jiuling. Mr. Jiuling, please forgive me for what happened before. I As a clan leader, sometimes I have to make some decisions. I offended you at that time, so I ask for your forgiveness."

When Jiuling Lao heard what Sha Sitian said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "You're welcome, Lao Sha, you are too polite. Let him let go of what happened in the past. Now we are also members of the same sect. Blood The rules here in the Killing Clan are different from other places, I hope you can adapt as soon as possible."

At this time, the shark that left before also came back, and it also brought a lot of sharks with it. These new sharks are big and small. Some of them look very old, and some of them are very small. At first glance, You know it's just a kid, it looks like they really brought the entire tribe here.

When Jiuling Lao saw this situation, he immediately turned around and waved his hand and said: "Everyone, take action. Each person will take a few shark clan members and send them directly to the Xuanwu Sea. I believe there should be preparations at the Xuanwu Sea." Okay, let's go." The person behind him immediately responded, and then all the Sea Tribe people swam towards the Shark Tribe people.

Their reaction made the shark clan members a little worried, and they all took a step back subconsciously. Mr. Jiuling said to Sha Sitian: "Old Sha, don't worry, they all have portable teleportation arrays on them, let them pass. , just to bring all your people to the Blood Killing Sect, don’t worry.”

Sha Sitian was a little worried at first, but when he saw those people swimming into the group of shark tribesmen, he immediately called a few shark tribesmen to come to him, and then all those people disappeared, and he was relieved. Come, he immediately confessed to Old Jiuling, and then rushed over, organized the tribesmen to swim to those people as quickly as possible, and left with those people to avoid any chaos.

When Jiuling Laoyi saw this situation, he couldn't help but smile. Then he turned to Bafang and said: "How are the preparations at Xuanwu Sea? Are you prepared? There must be no trouble. The people of the Sha tribe live there. Didn’t the regional families make arrangements? After they arrive, they will immediately go to the area where they live."

Bafang said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, sir, everything is ready. They will be teleported directly to the area where they live. The coordinates were given by people in the sect, and there are people from the sect there to take care of them. They won't If you have any questions, the people who will deal with them are not the Hai Clan people, but the real disciples of the sect, so you don’t have to worry.”

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he took a deep breath and said, "That's good, we can't have any accidents this time. The fighting power of the shark clan is not comparable to that of the seahorse clan and the agouti clan. If they really cause trouble in the sect, the sect might really blame us, and by that time, we will really be unable to tell the difference."