c7636 Sharks

Jiulinglao stood there with a calm face, looking ahead quietly. After a while, he finally said: "Let's go." The eight-legged people following him all responded, and then moved forward directly. As they swam away, the Hai Clan's army also started to move. The entire army swam forward in unison, with an astonishing momentum.

Among these sea tribes, many people do not know what happened in the Blood Killing Sect. Jiuling Lao and the others did not tell them about the sect. They were not afraid of what they would think, but they were afraid of affecting their morale. Mrs. Ling knew very well that the sect did not blame them this time, but if he really told those disciples about this matter, then those disciples would inevitably have some thoughts in their hearts, wondering whether the sect would blame them for this matter. And if they don't trust us, will they punish us because of this matter? If they have such thoughts, then their morale will definitely be affected.

Old Jiuling and the others knew that at this time, the better they behaved, the less the sect would blame them, so he did not tell the disciples about this matter, so that they never knew about it. things, so that those disciples can move forward without any psychological burden as before.

However, if any attentive disciples of the Sea Clan notice Old Jiu Ling and the others, they will find that there is a hint of murderous intent in Old Jiu Ling and the others. This is very rare. Old Jiu Ling and the others are serious this time. They were very angry. Their momentary negligence almost caused all the sea tribe to get involved. How could they not be angry?

Along the way, their speed also increased, getting faster and faster. Although the disciples of the Sea Clan didn't quite understand what Jiuling Lao meant, they didn't ask any more questions. They just speeded up a bit, and their The increased speed also made the Blood Killing Sect disciples behind feel it, and they also increased their speed.

After going forward like this for about ten hours, Jiuling Lao suddenly stopped. Then he turned to Bafang and the others and said: "Get in formation, there is a large army coming in front." Bafang and the others responded, and then He gave the order directly, and then all the Hai Clan army stopped and began to form formation, quietly waiting for the enemy to arrive.

Jiu Linglao looked at the radar screen carefully, and then enlarged the radar screen. His eyes couldn't help but shrink sharply, because some giant beasts appeared on the radar screen. Each of these giant beasts were ferocious. Incomparably, their dark gray backs, white bellies, sharp teeth, and cold and ruthless eyes all show their identity. They are the shark clan known as the killers of the sea.

The Shark Tribe is definitely the most dangerous race in the sea. Their fighting power is very powerful and their attack power is amazing. In the sea, it is not an exaggeration to say that the group combat effectiveness of their race is the strongest. Even the Whale Tribe is unwilling to do so. Facing the attack of the Sharks, because if the Sharks really attack, they will seem to lose their minds. No matter how many enemies there are or what kind of people they are, they will attack with all their strength.

So as soon as he saw that the enemy shown on the radar was a member of the Shark Clan, Old Jiuling immediately said: "Everyone, pay attention, this is a member of the Shark Clan. Be prepared for battle. Call the sect and be ready for support at any time." After finishing speaking, , Old Jiuling lifted his figure forward directly, and then transformed into his true form.

Jiuling Lao's true form was a giant turtle, extremely huge, so he moved forward so that even if he showed his true form, it would not affect the people below. However, those people from the Hai tribe below just felt that There was a sudden darkness above the head, and a huge giant turtle appeared above the head.

When Wang Erzhuo saw Jiuling Lao's appearance, he was startled for a moment. Then he moved and flew up, directly drawing out his true body. Although Wang Erzhuo's figure was not as big as Jiuling Lao, But standing in the air is also very intimidating. With the two of them in the air, the morale of the Sea Clan immediately rose.

Jiuling Lao's two eyes were staring straight ahead. He was calculating the distance between the two sides. The distance between Dafang and Dafang was not very far. The speed of the Shark Clan was very fast. Soon, the Shark Clan reached the Sea Clan directly. In front of it, it stopped about five miles away from the Sea Clan, and then an extremely huge shark swam out from the Shark Clan's army.

Without the giant shark speaking, Jiuling Lao spoke first: "It turns out to be Shasitian, and you are still the leader of the Sha clan? I didn't expect that you will live a long life." This Shasitian Jiuling An old acquaintance, when he was the prime minister, Sha Sitian was the leader of the Shark Clan. Unexpectedly, he is still the leader of the Shark Clan now. It seems that the Shark Clan has developed quite steadily over the years.

Sha Sitian looked at Mr. Jiuling for a while and then said: "Master Jiuling, I really didn't expect that I would see you again. When you left the Dragon Palace, I thought we would never meet again in this life. I didn’t expect that we could still meet, it’s really surprising.”

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "You are right, I am also very surprised. I really didn't expect that we could still meet each other. Sha Sitian, you are standing in front of me today." , what do you mean? Are you here to fight with us? But I still want to advise you, you have to think carefully, because your decision now is related to the lives of countless people in your shark clan."

Sha Sitian looked at Mr. Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "Master Jiuling, I want to say that I am not here to attack you today. Do you believe it or not?" When he said this, he seemed very calm, but they were sharks. The tribesman is born with a bad guy's face, so although he has no expression, it makes people feel very depressed.

When Jiuling Lao heard what Sha Sitian said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned. Then he looked at Sha Sitian and said in a deep voice: "Sha Sitian, what do you mean by this? Are you not here to attack us? Are you still Come and surrender to us?" Elder Jiuling knew very well that the Shark Clan people had always been very loyal to the Dragon King, so he really never thought that the Shark Clan people would surrender to them. There was another reason that made him think that it was impossible for the Shark Tribe to surrender to them, and that was that his relationship with the Shark Tribe was not very good, and could even be said to be very bad.

When Mr. Jiuling was the Prime Minister, he had conflicts with the Shark Clan. The Shark Clan was definitely the dominant force in the sea. They acted very domineeringly and protected their shortcomings. They often had conflicts with other tribes in the sea. It is precisely because of this that the Sharks are not very popular in the sea, and Elder Jiuling has punished them more than once. However, after all, the Sharks are a powerful clan in the sea and have a huge influence, so he does not dare to punish them excessively. , even so, the relationship between him and the Shark Clan has never been very good. If he left the Dragon Palace and wanted to become a king on his own, there would be that race that would definitely not follow him. That must be The Shark Clan, precisely because of this, he did not believe that the Shark Clan would surrender.

Sha Sitian looked at Mr. Jiu Ling and said in a deep voice: "You are right. We are here to surrender. I don't know if you will accept it." When he said this, his face was still calm, and there was no trace of anything. Any joy or anger came, which made Jiu Ling stand there in a daze, and really didn't know what to say.

Old Jiuling never thought that Sha Sitian would say this. He couldn't help but look at Sha Sitian deeply, and then he said in a deep voice: "Sha Sitian, I have something to ask you. Can you Do you know what happened to the seahorse clan and the agouti clan? They also surrendered to us, and the ones who surrendered just before have been taken care of by us. Could it be that the Dragon King didn't have any reaction? In this case, you are still so relieved. When he asked you to come, he never thought that you would surrender to us?" Elder Jiuling was very worried about the Shark Clan, so he asked this question. He wanted to see what kind of reaction Sha Sitian would have. , make some judgments from his reaction.

When Sha Sitian heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but smile slightly, showing his big fangs. His smile made people feel even more frightened. It looked like he was grinning ferociously. Then Sha Sitian said: "Lord Jiuling, if you really think so, then you are too naive. The seahorse clan and the agouti clan do not really want to surrender to you at all. They are They will join you if they have other tasks. If you haven't dealt with them yet, you'd better deal with them immediately, otherwise, they will cause a big mess for you. It will hurt all of you."

As soon as he said these words, everyone was stunned. Old Jiu Ling and the others' expressions also changed. Old Jiu Ling really didn't expect that Sha Sitian would directly tell him that there was a problem with the Haima clan. He looked at Sha Sitian said: "Sha Sitian, what do you mean by this? Do you want to frame the Haima clan? Don't forget, he is now a disciple of our Blood Killing Sect. Do you want to sow discord?"

A smile appeared on Sha Sitian's face for once. He looked at Jiuling and said, "Lord Jiuling, I just don't want to see you being deceived. In this world, there are many bad people who look like good people. There are also many good people who look like bad guys. The seahorse clan and the agouti clan seem to pose no threat, but don’t forget that the agape clan has a trick to self-destruct. If they really have a chance to self-destruct, I’m afraid the loss it brings to you won’t be even a little bit, right?”

The expression on Old Jiuling's face had recovered at this time. On the other hand, the faces of the Sea Clan disciples who didn't know about this matter changed wildly after hearing the news. They already understood what Sha Sitian meant. , Sha Sitian means that the reason why the seahorse clan and the agouti clan joined them is to penetrate into them, and then find an opportunity to deal the most fatal blow to them. If that is really the case, then They are really in trouble. If those guys from the Seahorse Clan and the Agouti Clan really hurt the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then they will probably be greatly affected. After all, they have just joined now. No one can tell clearly how much the Blood Killing Sect trusts them. If the people of the Blood Killing Sect don't trust them because of this, then they will be doomed.