c7633 fall upon

Ma Rufei was sitting in the cave assigned to him, listening to the reports from his men. After they entered this area, they had been looking around, in the name of understanding the surrounding environment, and then Ma Rufei discovered that this was really the territory of the swordfish family, and almost all the adult swordfish here had been emptied out. The only ones left here now were just the old and the weak. This made Ma Rufei's mind suddenly become active. , but he did not immediately order the attack on the swordfish. He was still waiting. Now the people of the seahorse clan and the agouti clan have not completely entered here. If they move now, the seahorse clan outside The agouti family cannot play its due role.

Ma Rufei knew very well that the moment they took over this task, they were already dead. It was impossible for them to leave here alive. The Blood Killing Sect was so powerful that even if they entered the Blood Killing Sect, In the territory, after killing some people from the Blood Killing Sect and destroying some things, they would eventually be destroyed by the Blood Killing Sect, so they would have died long ago. However, Ma Rufei did not regret it and died for the Dragon King. He thought is worth it.

The main body of the action this time is the seahorse clan. As for the agouti clan, they are just cannon fodder. The dragon king has all placed a ban on them by the Dragon King himself. They are now like the walking dead. They can move. , is still alive, but their actions are not under their control. All control is in his hands, so the agouti family is cannon fodder.

The agouti family has always been famous for being difficult to deal with in the sea because of their strong defense. But apart from this, they don't seem to have anything special. Many races in the sea have forgotten that, in fact, they are one of the most difficult to deal with. So they are difficult to deal with, not because they are difficult to deal with, but because they also have a killer move, which is a move that will lead to death. It is precisely because of this that no one wants to mess with the agouti family.

When the agouti family encounters an enemy, they will absorb water and make their bodies bigger. However, if the enemy still dares to say something and wants to kill them, then the agouti family can explode. That's right, it will explode. , when they explode, they will first kill themselves, and at the same time, the spikes on their bodies will be blown away directly. When they explode, some blood will be produced, and the blood will also touch the spikes. When the sharp thorns pierce into the enemy's body, the enemy will be poisoned, ranging from severe pain to severe poisoning to death. It is precisely because of this characteristic of them that no one is willing to provoke them. The agouti family, and not just because the agouti family is difficult to deal with.

After so many years, everyone has become accustomed to it. The agouti family is difficult to deal with and cannot be eaten. In this case, there is no need to provoke them anymore, so people slowly tell them that they will self-destruct. Forgot, but the Dragon King did not forget, so the Dragon King used secret methods to control all the agouti clan. After controlling them, he let the agouti clan follow the Hailong clan into the Blood Killing Sect. As long as there are Given the opportunity, these people of the agouti clan can self-destruct, and in this way, cause large-scale casualties to the people of the Blood Killing Clan. This is the real purpose of the Dragon King.

Thinking of this, Ma Rufei couldn't help but said to a subordinate next to him: "How is the situation of the agouti clan? No flaw has been discovered by the swordfish clan, right? We must not show the truth, otherwise, our efforts will be wasted." Ma Rufei knew that with the strength of their clan, it was absolutely impossible to cause too much harm to the Blood Killing Sect. The real weapon against the Blood Killing Sect was the agouti.

His men immediately said: "Don't worry, Patriarch, there are not many swordfish left. They just brought us all here and went to do other things, so they didn't find any flaws. Patriarch, we Do we really want to do this? If we really take action in the Blood Killing Sect, then we will really be dead."

Ma Rufei looked at the subordinate and said in a deep voice: "We are doing this for the sake of the entire Sea Clan. The Shenlong Sea Kingdom is the Sea Kingdom of our Sea Clan people. We must not let the people of the Blood Killing Sect control us. They will only control us." Become their slaves, and the Dragon King said that as long as we complete the task and complete it beautifully, then the rest of our Kaiba clan will receive his best care. From now on, the position of Prime Minister of the Shenlong Sea Kingdom will be We belong to the seahorse clan."

"It's a good idea, but if even the Shenlonghai Kingdom is gone, then how can you still be the prime minister?" A voice suddenly came. This voice was very calm, but it made Ma Rufei and the others feel as if It was a thunderbolt, as if it exploded directly in his ears. Everyone's expressions changed wildly and they looked in the direction where the sound came from.

But just when they wanted to move, they suddenly found that they couldn't move. Their bodies couldn't move at all, not even their eyes could move, and the spiritual energy in their bodies also disappeared. Being sealed, they completely lost the ability to resist.

Then they saw a man walking in front of them. This man was very ordinary in appearance and had no temperament on his body. He was dressed in black, but he had a golden crown on his head. It doesn't look awkward at all, it seems to suit him very well.

The man walked up to Ma Rufei and looked at Ma Rufei coldly. Ma Rufei couldn't even move his eyes, but he still looked at the man with a look of despair in his eyes. Ma Rufei had never seen Zhao Hai before. But he has heard about Zhao Hai. He heard that Zhao Hai likes to wear black clothes and a golden crown on his head. Obviously this is Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Ma Rufei, smiled coldly and said: "Are you very curious, why did I suddenly appear? Where did you expose the flaw? It's actually very simple. You should know the elder Tu Qianxing of the Swordfish Yu Clan, right? ? He told me. Are you also very curious as to why he reported this matter? After all, you didn’t reveal any flaws? Right? This is even simpler, because Tu Qiandi and Ma Rufei have already I know you, so he saw that you are not really Ma Rufei."

Zhao Hai looked at Ma Rufei, smiled slightly and said: "I won't tell you the difference between Ma Rufei and you, but I can be sure that there will not be a living person in your Haima clan who will not just enter the Xuanwu space. There will be no living person in the seahorse clan in the country, and there will be no living person in the seahorse clan in the Shenlonghai Kingdom. You are all dead. As for the agouti clan, haha, I just saw it. They were killed by people. Controlled, this is very simple. I can easily remove their restraint. If they are willing to surrender to me, I will spare their lives. If they still want to resist, then they will only die. "After saying that, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared into the room, but Ma Rufei and the others still couldn't move. They could only sit there obediently.

Tu Qianxing had returned to Coral City at this time. He looked at the groups of people from the seahorse and agouti tribes who appeared in Coral City. Although he had a smile on his face, he was extremely anxious in his heart. I am really anxious and want to know how the sect will act.

When the last batch of people from the seahorse clan and the agouti clan entered the Coral City, no one came in from the teleportation array. Ou Qianxing's heart was also lifted, and he personally took these seahorse clan and spiny dolphins with him. The people of the Dolphin Clan entered the area where the two people lived. He wanted to appease these two clans and told them not to act rashly. At the very least, he had to stabilize them before the sect took action.

But when Tu Qianxing entered the area where the two of them lived, he was stunned because he saw that the people from the seahorse clan and the agouti clan were neatly lined up in that area. In the passage of the area, there were people of one clan standing in a row without interfering with each other. This made his heart skip a beat. He thought that the people of the two clans were about to take action, but then he discovered that it did not seem to be the case. The people of the two clans were all old. Standing there honestly, motionless.

Then he saw that the two tribesmen who came here with him in the end were all lining up there obediently, as if they had become marionettes. This made Tu Qianxing not sure what to do, but He stared blankly at the seahorses and the agouti clan, wondering what was going on.

At this time, a voice came from behind him: "You are Tu Qianxing, right? Yes, you have made a great contribution this time." This voice was very calm, but it shocked Tu Qianxing, and he immediately turned his head. Look, he happened to find Zhao Hai standing behind him.

Tu Qianxing had met Zhao Hai. He knew Zhao Hai's identity, so when he saw Zhao Hai, he immediately stepped forward and saluted: "I have met the sect master." Tu Qianxing saw Zhao Hai take action last time. Hai's strength was extremely impressive, so he was very afraid of Zhao Hai. He knew that if Zhao Hai wanted to deal with him, it might just be a matter of waving his hand.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "No need to be polite, you did a good job this time. After all, you are an old man and have rich experience. You can immediately see that there is something wrong with these seahorses. This time, thanks to your reminder, we We didn’t suffer any losses, otherwise, if we let the two clans stay in the Xuanwu Space, they will attack us directly at some point, and in that case, our losses will be too great."

Tu Qianxing immediately said: "Yes, this is what we should do. Sect Master, I don't know how we are going to deal with these people?" Tu Qianxing was still concerned about this. He did not want to plead for these people. He absolutely did not They will do this because these people were put into the Xuanwu space by Jiuling Lao and the others. If they really deal with the Blood Killing Sect, then none of them, including Jiu Ling Lao and Tu Ying, can escape. They are all responsible. , in that case, their tribes may also be responsible, and in that case, their good days will come to an end, so he hates these people to the core, how can he intercede for them.