c7635 Afraid

When Tu Ying heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but be overjoyed. Although Tu Qianxing did not tell him the news at the first time, Tu Qianxing's handling method was the best. If he had really told him the news at that time , he will definitely not let the seahorse clan and the agouti clan enter the sect, and will definitely take action against them. At that time, the seahorse clan and the agouti clan will definitely fight back. One side is prepared, and the other is not. Prepared, by that time, they will definitely be the ones to suffer, and there may be huge losses.

And Tu Qianxing directly reported this matter to the sect. The sect went directly to the Xuanwu Sea and wiped out all the seahorse and agouti clans. However, it was actually the sect leader who took action. The seahorse and agouti clans were completely There wasn't even a chance to resist, and it didn't cause any damage to the sect. This situation was indeed the best outcome.

Tu Ying let out a long breath, then saluted Sun Buyu and said: "This is what we should do. To be honest, if the people of the seahorse clan and the agouti clan really succeed this time, we, even if Even if they all commit suicide, the sect’s loss cannot be restored. After all, this is the mistake we made.”

Old Jiuling and the others also nodded. Sun Buyu said with a smile: "Okay, let's not talk about this now. You should go back and have a rest, and then complete the next task. But in the future, when persuading others to surrender, you must Be careful, and the sect has also decided that even if they surrender, they will not be treated like you clan anymore. They will be sent to the Xuanwu Sea, but they will live alone for a period of time. We will not give them any sect treatment. Only after we deal with the Dragon King can they officially become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. You must make this clear to them."

Jiu Ling Lao and the others all nodded, and Jiu Ling Lao even said: "This is what it should be. I don't want something like this to happen again. Let them isolate themselves for a while before talking. If they don't agree, then Don’t blame us for being rude, we’ll leave first, rest for two days, and then move on.”

Sun Buyu nodded. Mr. Jiuling led a few people and bowed to Sun Buyu, then turned and left. Looking at their backs, Sun Buyu couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "What happened this time is... They were frightened, but what happened this time was indeed a bit thrilling. We used to be too trusting in people, maybe because we have dealt with those guys here in the Tianlong Babu Realm too much, but our heads are now also confused. No more turning."

Jiang Shenglin and the others chuckled twice, and then Jiang Shenglin said: "What happened this time is really very dangerous. If the Kaiba clan really does anything in the Xuanwu Sea, then Sailfish The clan and the Swordfish clan will definitely suffer huge losses, this is really too dangerous.”

Sun Buyu nodded and said in a deep voice: "What happened this time is indeed a bit dangerous. I heard that the sect master has begun to prepare for a reform of the Xuanwu Kongmen's defense. I believe that such a thing will not happen again in the future. You guys Let's go and take a rest. To be honest, after something like this happened, I really am not in the mood to attack the enemy now."

Jiang Shenglin and the others nodded, then saluted Sun Buyu, then turned and left. Just like Sun Buyu said, after such a thing happened, they really were not in the mood to attack. Now they also want to Take a good rest. Every time they think about what happened this time, they feel frightened.

But Elder Jiuling and the others have now gathered in Elder Jiuling's room. Their faces were all very ugly, but they were all sitting there and didn't speak for a while. After a while, Elder Jiuling finally spoke. : "We must take a warning from what happened this time. We must not make such a mistake again. If something really happens, then we people will really be doomed. All our previous efforts will be lost." It’s all over.”

Several people also nodded, and Bafang said bitterly: "The Dragon King actually did this to us. I just figured it out just now that the agouti clan also has the ability to self-destruct. We have already killed their clan before. I forgot about this ability. I really didn’t expect that he actually remembered it and even figured out how to control the agouti clan and let them go to the Xuanwu Sea to explode themselves. Fortunately, they didn’t succeed. Otherwise, this time our sea clan’s The losses will definitely be huge.”

Several other people also nodded, and Tu Ying said with an ugly face: "Those seahorses lived in our Coral City at that time, and in Coral City now, they are all old and weak, and those children are not there yet. The external avatars don’t have that many lives, so if they are really allowed to self-destruct and attack, then our losses will be too great, especially the losses for the children, which will be even greater. The Dragon King’s move is quite cruel.”

Jian Lin snorted coldly and said: "Now he has begun to use all possible means to deal with us. He even used such a method. When he used this method, he should have thought of the most harmful thing. It’s us, it shows that he really hates us.”

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "Of course he hates us. If it weren't for us, even if the Blood Killing Sect could deal with him, I'm afraid it wouldn't be so fast, and it wouldn't be able to advance without a few battles. At this point, in the eyes of the Dragon King, all of us are traitors, the most shameful traitors."

None of them spoke, they just sat there with ugly faces. What happened this time was really too dangerous. Let’s not talk about how much harm the seahorse clan and the agouti clan would bring to them. If something really happened, Come on, I'm afraid the sect leader won't be so lighthearted and expose the matter. I'm afraid all of their clans will be punished by then. This is no small matter.

Now that several of their clans have just joined the Blood Killing Sect, coupled with their previous wrong decisions, their impression in Zhao Hai's heart may not be very good. It is precisely because of this that they are more careful, but they are still I didn't expect that something like this would happen. The Dragon King's plan could be said to be very vicious. Killing two birds with one stone would kill two birds with one stone. If he really succeeded, then none of their clans would have a good life. It was really ruthless. distinguish.

Jiuling Lao looked at them and said in a deep voice: "Okay, the matter has passed. There is no use thinking about it. The sect master said he would not blame us, so he should not blame us. Let's be more careful in the future. That is to say, the Dragon King has begun to use this method to deal with us, which means that they must be panicked, otherwise he would not use such a method. This may be a good thing for us Son, as long as we make it clear to them, surrender is okay, but after surrender, they must be isolated for a period of time. Only after we destroy the Dragon King can they officially join the Blood Killing Sect. If they agree, then let them join the Blood Killing Sect. , if they don’t agree, there’s nothing to say. Just destroy them. I found that we were a little too soft-hearted before. We regarded those Hai clan people as our clan members, thinking that we could save more people. One by one, but they have never thought that they may have different ideas from us. Maybe in their eyes, we are all traitors. We have nothing to be polite to such people. .”

Several people all nodded. What happened this time really frightened them. Just like what Jiuling Lao said, you treat them as clansmen, want to save their lives, and want to join the Blood Killing Sect. They are good, but you have never thought that the other party may not necessarily want you to save them, and maybe they are looking forward to your early death.

Elder Jiuling said to the others: "Okay, let's not say more. You should go back and have a rest. We must advance quickly. If we meet people from the Hai tribe, we will talk to them. If they agree, let them join." The Blood Killing Sect, as long as they are isolated, they will not pose any danger to the sect, and if they don’t agree, they will be destroyed directly.”

Everyone responded with a roar, and then bowed to Elder Jiuling, then turned around and left. After they left, Elder Jiuling also let out a sigh of relief. To be honest, after seeing the notice from the sect, When he was there, he really felt that his eyes were going dark. Fortunately, nothing happened this time. Otherwise, he was sure that none of them would have a good harvest.

Maybe others don't know Zhao Hai very well, but Elder Jiuling thinks that he already knows Zhao Hai well enough. The words Zhao Hai told him before still make him feel frightened. Zhao Hai has known about them for a long time. The plan was just to see if they would really do that. How could he not be frightened by such deep thoughts.

Fortunately, this time the incident passed safely, and he could breathe a sigh of relief, but at the same time it also made him feel extremely angry. During the years when he was the prime minister, he was very concerned about all the races in the Sea Clan. Taking care of him, in his opinion, the average race would give him some face, but he did not expect that something like this happened in the end. How could he not be angry? Now he finally understands that the current Sea Clan, He is no longer the Sea Clan he was when he was prime minister. When he had just fallen out with the Dragon King and escaped from the Dragon Palace, if he had climbed up and made a cry, countless people would really gather around him and join him. Fight against the Dragon King, but he didn't do that at the time. Now he really feels a little regretful. If he had done that at that time, then he must be the overlord of one party now. If he joined the Blood Killing Sect in this capacity, then The situation must be much better than now. When he thought of this, he couldn't help but sigh again. It was useless to think about it now. Everything was in the past. The past was the past. There was nothing more to say. Now he only hoped that he could kill the Dragon King earlier. Get rid of them and end the chaos here in the Shenlonghai Kingdom as soon as possible, so that all the people in the Shenlonghai Kingdom can have a good destination. This is enough. He really doesn't dare to think about other things now. .