c7632 report

Tu Qianxing looked at the two of them and knew that they didn't have any ideas for a while. He immediately told his plan. He looked at the two of them and said, "I actually have an idea. I I think we can report this matter directly to the sect and ask the sect to deal with this matter as soon as possible, but you also know that I have no way to contact the sect now, I wonder if you have any ideas?"

Hearing what Tu Qianxing said, the two heads of the blue-light octopus clan couldn't help but be stunned. Then he nodded and said: "This is a good way to let the sect handle it. I don't think the sect will let this go." I don’t care about this matter. As for contacting the sect, we have a way. Chief Bafang, there is a courtyard in the sect. In that courtyard, there are two servant puppets. I heard that those two servant puppets can We can do a lot of things, and when necessary, we can also ask them to contact the sect. We can go up and try. If we can really contact the sect, that would be great."

Tu Qianxing immediately said after hearing this: "Okay, let's go now. No matter what, we always have to try. If it really doesn't work, we will go to the sect and find someone casually and say, I want the sect The people in the door won't ignore this matter. Let's go. Let's go now." Oo Qianxing was really anxious, because he felt that the sooner this matter was resolved, the better. If it was resolved one minute later, they would Just a little more dangerous.

The two elders of the Blue Light Octopus clan didn't say anything, they all nodded, and then said directly: "Okay, let's go." After saying that, the two of them arrived at Tu Qianxing's side, and the next moment the three of them disappeared directly. When they entered the room, they also knew that this matter had to be resolved as soon as possible, that's why they were so anxious.

The next moment, the three of them had appeared in Bafang's courtyard in the Blood Slaughter Sect. The courtyard of Old Jiu Ling was not very far away, and the surroundings were full of water. The location where the three of them appeared was exactly the teleportation array in the courtyard. , because Bafang allowed them to enter the yard directly, so they appeared directly in the yard.

As soon as the three people appeared in the yard, they heard a voice saying: "Welcome everyone, the master is not at home. Please follow me to the living room to rest." The three people looked along the voice and found a puppet standing in front of the teleporter. The three of them were a little uncomfortable talking to them from the side of the formation, especially Tu Qianxing, who was seeing this thing for the first time.

An elder of the Blue Light Octopus clan immediately said: "Can you contact the sect? We have important things to report to the sect. The matter is very urgent and affects the Sea Clan." He knew that with these puppets, you No need to be polite, just tell them if you have any questions. If you are polite to them, you are wasting your time.

As soon as the puppet heard what he said, his eyes immediately lit up with red light, and then he immediately said: "Excuse me, do you have an emergency situation related to the Hai Clan that needs to be reported to the sect immediately?" Obviously, he was confirming the words of the elder of the blue-light octopus clan.

The elder of the blue-light octopus clan immediately nodded and said: "Yes, I have important matters related to the sea clan that I want to report to the sect. The elders of the sect that I contact should have a higher position, the better." He didn't know this either. What level of people can the puppets contact? That's why they say this. They hope that the people they contact can be of a higher level, so that they can rest assured.

The red light in the puppet's eyes suddenly disappeared, which made the elders of the blue-light octopus clan and Tu Qianxing stunned. They all stood there blankly, looking at the puppet, but the puppet seemed to be dead. , just standing there blankly, with no reaction at all.

But what they didn't know was that just when they were sure there was important news to report to the sect elders, although the red light in the puppet's eyes disappeared, they did not stop working. At the same time, Chang Jun's communication The magic circle suddenly received a message.

Chang Jun was stunned for a moment, and then glanced at the message. He couldn't help but froze, and then he immediately said: "Connect the projection on the puppet, and I will have a direct call with the elders of the blue-light octopus clan." Following him With a voice, the puppet standing motionless in front of Tu Qianxing and the others suddenly had a burst of blue light in his eyes, and then the image of Chang Jun appeared on the blue light. This was of course Chang Jun's projection. Jun's eyes looked around, and finally his eyes fell on Tu Qianxing and the others. He saw that the three of them seemed to be very young, so he immediately saluted to the three of them and said: "The core elder of the Blood Killing Sect , Chang Jun has met the three of them, and I wonder if they have anything to say to me."

When Tu Qianxing and the other three heard Chang Jun announce their names, they were all stunned. They really didn't expect that the person who saw them would be Chang Jun. They knew Chang Jun's name, the core of the Blood Killing Sect. Elder, his status is equivalent to the original Jiuling Lao's status here in Shenlonghai Kingdom, just like the prime minister of the Blood Killing Sect.

Tu Qianxing and the others did not dare to neglect, and immediately saluted Chang Jun, and then Tu Qianxing said: "Elder Chang, I am here this time for the sake of the seahorse clan and agouti clan who have just joined our Blood Killing Sect. When I was in the past, I knew Ma Rufei, the leader of the seahorse clan, and I knew some of Ma Rufei's characteristics, on his tail..." Tu Qianxing told the story about the scales on Ma Rufei's tail and the wound on the agouti's head. , tell Chang Jun everything.

Chang Jun had been listening to him quietly. When he finished speaking, Chang Jun said: "I see, okay, I know about this matter and I will deal with it immediately. You guys go back first and don't cause trouble to each other." Attention, don’t tell Elder Jiuling and the others about this matter yet. They are on the front line. If they hear about this matter, they may be distracted. If you have anything to report to me in the future, don’t bother. You It is possible for the light brain in your external incarnation to contact me directly, and you can also enter the real illusion and contact me without going through a puppet."

All three people responded, and Chang Jun saluted them. Then his figure disappeared. The red light in the puppet's eyes flashed, and the next moment the puppet head looked at the three people and spoke. He said: "Please three of you follow me to the living room to have tea." Obviously, the puppet started working normally again.

Tu Qianxing and the others shook their heads and said solemnly: "No need, we will go back now." After saying that, they disappeared directly to the place. Of course they had to go back. After all, Chang Jun had given them the order. They had to We need to go back as soon as possible to avoid any accidents.

At this time, Chang Jun was in contact with Zhao Hai and told Zhao Hai the news directly. After hearing the news, Zhao Hai moved and arrived in Chang Jun's room. Chang Jun saw When Zhao Hai arrived, he immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I have met the sect master."

Zhao Hai nodded, looked at Chang Jun and said, "Is what you just said true?" Zhao Hai really wanted to know whether what Chang Jun said was true. If it is true, then This means that whether they are members of the Seahorse clan or the Agouti clan, they are all spies, and they are all people who want to be detrimental to the Blood Killing Sect in the Xuanwu Space.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "I'm not sure yet, but I think the people of the Sailfish Clan will not lie to us. This will not do them any good at all, so I think what they say should be true. ." Although Chang Jun was not sure whether this matter was true or not, he believed that the people of the Sailfish Clan could still be trusted, so he also believed that this matter was true.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, I understand this matter, I will handle it, you don't have to worry about it." After saying that, Zhao Hai's figure disappeared, and the next moment Zhao Hai was already there Returned to the space, and when he arrived at the space villa, Laura and the others had already arrived at the space villa, and what was playing on the screen of the space villa was what Ma Rufei said to his men. From what the two said, it can be It was clear that they had no good intentions when they entered the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai glanced at the screen, then sat down directly, and then took a long breath and said: "I really didn't expect that this Dragon King would be so powerful. He even learned to send people into our Xuanwu space. If it weren't for Qi The people of the Fish Clan found out that they really succeeded. Although it is impossible to cause any damage to us, the impact is not very good."

Laura nodded, and then said: "It is true. Xuanwu Space is the safest place for all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect. If the enemy is allowed to sneak in, it will give the disciples some bad ideas, so We must deal with this matter as soon as possible.”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Have all those people from the Seahorse Clan and the Abackiose Clan entered the Xuanwu Space?" He really wanted to know if there are still people from the Seahorse Clan and the Abackigu Clan. They have not entered the Xuanwu space. If they all enter the Xuanwu space, then he will take action.

Laura said solemnly: "Not all of them have come in yet, but from the Sea Clan, you'd better control those who have entered the Xuanwu Space now. If they all enter the Xuanwu Space, I'm worried that they will take direct action. , if they don’t take action, then everything is easy to say, but if they take action, the nature will change.”

Zhao Hai thought for a while, nodded and said: "Okay, I'll handle this matter. You don't have to worry about it. I'm leaving." After saying that, he moved and left the space. This time Zhao Hai Hai was actually very angry. He did not expect that the enemy would use such a method, but he did not notice it. It seems that the management of Xuanwu Space will have to be strengthened in the future.

In fact, this matter cannot be blamed on Jiuling Lao and the others. Jiu Ling Lao and the others would not have thought that the other party would actually surrender. You must know that behind those guys, there is still a lobster family chasing them, and they are still dead. It can be said that the other party put a lot of effort and cost in order to perform this first scene well. In this case, it is very normal for Jiuling Lao and the others to be fooled. The main thing is The reason is still because his supervision is not strong enough.