c7647 meeting

The war is over, so all the corpses of the Sea Clan have been collected. Those Sea Clan who surrendered to the Blood Killing Sect have almost no corpses left behind. The complete corpses have become the undead clan and are incomplete. Almost all of the corpses were turned into minced meat and there was no way to collect them, so he didn't care. What they collected were mainly the corpses of the sea people who attacked them.

After collecting the corpses, the people of the Blood Killing Sect began to experiment on the corpses. Finally, they found that the blood on the corpses was very depleted, and their corpses seemed to have died of old age. There is almost no value left.

On these corpses, some remnants of curse techniques were also found, and these things are what the people of the Blood Killing Sect are really interested in. However, there are specialized people to study these things, and ordinary people are not It would work. Chang Jun once summoned everyone to the main hall for a meeting, but Old Jiuling and the others did not attend. The only person from the Hai Clan who participated was Tu Ying. Tu Ying stayed at the end to deal with the affairs of the Hai Clan. In addition, he was not injured, so he was directly stayed by the Hai clan people and asked them to participate in this meeting together.

After everyone sat down in the main hall, Chang Jun looked at everyone and said: "I think everyone knows what happened this time. Those Sea Clan are indeed controlled by the Dragon King. Our Sea Clan disciples, The losses were very heavy. Even Elder Jiuling and the others were injured. This also confirmed our previous suspicion that Dragon King Control has completely controlled those sea tribes. He just wants to use this method to attack us. , we must pay attention in the future, and when facing the Sea Clan in the future, don’t be polite, attack them directly, and eliminate them directly.”

Everyone responded, and Chang Jun then turned to look at Sun Buyu and the others, and finally his eyes fell on Tu Ying. He smiled slightly at Tu Ying and said: "Elder Tu, you members of the swordfish clan, this time You are on your best behavior, but I still don’t want you to participate in the next battle. After all, you are also members of the Sea Tribe, and I can’t bear to attack your former compatriots. What do you think?”

Tu Ying found out that Chang Jun did not criticize Jiuling Lao and put all the faults this time on the Dragon King. He was relieved. Now when he heard what Chang said, Tu Ying immediately stood up. He He said to Chang Jun: "Elder Chang, I think we should participate in this battle. Those people can no longer be regarded as members of the Hai clan, and we, the most powerful people in the sea, should let us participate in the battle. "

Tu Ying knew very well that Chang Jun was sincere in praising him now, but the more he did this, the less he could be proud. The reason why they suffered such a big loss this time was because Chang Jun and the others did not do anything to add fuel to the fire. things, but they did not stop them too much. From this point, it can be seen that Chang Jun actually wanted to teach them a lesson, and this can also be seen as a signal, that is, they wanted to tell them They, the people of the Hai Clan had better not act recklessly and follow the sect's arrangements.

It is precisely because of this that Tu Ying has been prepared for a long time. From now on, he will regard himself as a member of the Blood Killing Sect, obey the Blood Killing Sect's arrangements, and contribute to the Blood Killing Sect. As for the Sailfish Clan, , he has already thought about things like being assigned to various branches, and there is nothing he cannot agree to, so he said this.

When Chang Jun heard what Tu Ying said, he was stunned. Then he glanced at Tu Ying and said, "Tu Ying, have you really decided? You must know that those people used to be your tribe. Our Blood Killing Sect In fact, there is such a rule. No matter which interface we are on, as long as the person surrenders to us on that interface, we will generally not arrange for him to fight with the people on this interface. The same is true for you, so you don’t need to worry about what."

Tu Ying was stunned for a moment, then he nodded, and then said: "I understand, Elder Chang, I really want to participate in this war now. I am also a member of the bloodshed. In such an environment, If it is more suitable for us to fight, then there is no reason why we should not be allowed to participate in the war, don’t you think so?”

When Chang Jun heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought about it, then smiled slightly and said: "What you said makes sense, but you can participate in the war, but you can't take the lead. I'm going to put you in the back. Use it as a surprise weapon. You should also know that the sect is attacking the Dragon Realm. The reason why it keeps letting those disciples participate in the battle and rarely has powerful elders participating in the battle is that the most important reason is that we want to train troops, and we There are many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, they have never dealt with the enemy in the water, so this time I want to let them all participate in the battle, so that they also know what it is like to fight in the water. Son, if everything is left to you, wouldn't they have nothing to do? So let's leave the main attack task to them."

When Tu Ying heard what Chang Jun said, he immediately smiled and said: "Yes, it all depends on Elder Chang." After saying that, he clasped his fists at Chang Jun, and then sat down directly. At this time, Tu Ying I felt that the people in the hall looked at him differently. In the past, when the people in the hall looked at him, they were still a little distant, but now when they look at him, they don't feel that way at all. Feeling it, Tu Ying couldn't help but feel happy. He knew that he had made the right bet. The people of the Blood Killing Clan now really began to regard him as one of their own. This was definitely a good thing for the Sailfish Clan.

But Chang Jun didn't care so much, but turned to Sun Buyu and said: "Buyu, please tell me how the disciples on the front line felt when they were fighting those Hai Clan. Tell them carefully. ." The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered the sea directly and had too few opportunities to fight with the enemy, so Chang Jun wanted to ask how the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt when they encountered those enemies of the sea clan. , is there anything that needs attention?

Of course Sun Buyu understood what Chang Jun was thinking. He stood up, raised his fists towards Chang Jun and said: "Yes, Elder Chang, everyone, fighting the enemy in the water is indeed very different from fighting the enemy in the sky. The first is that there is resistance in the water. When we attack, it will be more strenuous. The second is that there is actually an undercurrent in the water, especially when fighting, the undercurrent also affects our actions. It will have a big impact. Sometimes, a small force will change our accuracy and the angle of our attacks, so when fighting in the water, these things need to be paid special attention to." What Sun Buyu said is really true. Since the battle with the enemy in the water, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have not used many energy weapons, nor have they used Mantianhuo. Energy weapons can be used in the water. It will be affected by water, and the impact of water is very huge. As for the Mantianhuo, although it can also be used, the Mantianhuo will also be affected by the water flow, and when the disciples fight against the enemy, they will also be affected by it. Influenced.

Everyone kept nodding. This was some very valuable experience, because they didn't have many opportunities to fight enemies in the water. They didn't have much experience in this area before, but now they finally have it. Of course they take it very seriously. . Sun Buyu looked at everyone, and then said: "In addition to these, when using spells, you must also pay attention. It is best not to use fire spells, because they will be affected the most, and water spells will be the most affected. Special attention should be paid to the use of spells, because water-based spells will receive certain blessings, but at the same time, they are more difficult to control. The best spells to use in water are actually metal spells. Law, everyone must pay attention to this."

When Sun Buyu said this, everyone was really stunned. They really didn't expect that the best magic spell to use in water would be the metal magic spell. When they thought about it, water magic was the best way to use it in water. The law is naturally the best, but they did not expect that there would be such and such problems. This was really beyond their expectation.

Sun Buyu looked at everyone and said, "We may not be very good at using water-based spells, but the sea clan's water-based spells are very good, so we are fighting against the sea clan. When doing this, we must pay attention to their water spells. When I say that our water spells are not used well, it means that they are not easy to control. This does not mean that we cannot use water spells. In fact, we can use them on our bodies. Blessed with some water spells."

"The blessing of water magic I am talking about does not mean to create a water-proof isolation cover around our bodies. This is not possible. It is equivalent to completely separating us from the water. We are a little bit We can’t even borrow the power. What I mean by blessing water spells is to bless some water spells on our bodies and our weapons. Only in this way can we make better use of the power of the water system and bless our weapons and weapons. Kung Fu to better attack the enemy, this is the best method so far." At this point, Sun Buyu stopped, this is indeed the best method they have come up with so far, the Blood Killing Sect The disciple used this method to wipe out all those crazy sea clansmen.

Chang Jun and the others all nodded. After a while, Chang Jun finally said, "Yes, it seems that you are really attentive. Can you tell me what are the characteristics of these sea people? Please tell me carefully." Chang Jun said. Jun knew very well that the Hai people must have advantages and disadvantages, so he asked this question.

Sun Buyu thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "The characteristic of the Sea Clan is that their water spells are strong, powerful, and powerful. Moreover, they are very flexible in moving in the water and are not affected by the current at all. They can even make better use of water flow. These are all incomparable to us. They also have some shortcomings. For example, their eyesight is not very good. Although their defense is very strong, they are unable to deal with some penetrating attacks. When attacking, they appear to be very weak, and there is no way to deal with them well, so when attacking the Sea Tribe, no matter how strong their appearance defense is, attacking them with penetrating power will have the best effect."