c7644 strive for

Everyone in the hall nodded. They all knew what Zhu Yong did, so they knew very well what Zhu Yong meant when he said this. If Zhu Yong said this, it meant that this matter might be true. This made them feel a little heavy, and they were all old men from the Blood Killing Clan. They had fought against the Shadow Clan not once or twice, so they were very familiar with the Shadow Clan's behavior. They were very clear about it. , none of the guys from the Shadow Clan are easy to deal with, so you have to be careful.

When Old Jiuling saw the reactions of the people in the hall, he couldn't help being surprised. He thought about it and felt that he could still fight for it. He quickly stood up, clasped his fists at everyone and said, "Everyone, please listen to me. I I also know that what you all said is very reasonable, but please give us a chance. Here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, there are countless races of our sea race. Although some races have been received into the space, there are still some Many races have not entered the space, so I would like to ask you to give us a chance to contact those sea tribes. It is best to leave some inheritance for those sea tribes. I hope everyone can agree. "

The reason why Old Jiuling said this is because he knows very well that in the Blood Killing Sect, it is best for you to tell the truth. If what you say is reasonable, then the people in the Blood Killing Sect may agree with what you say. If you Nonsense. If you lie to these people, even if your plan succeeds, if you let them know the truth in the future, they will not be polite. They will take your life lightly. Otherwise, your entire clan will be destroyed directly. , so he has now learned to tell the truth directly when encountering something.

Everyone in the hall was stunned when they heard what Elder Jiuling said, but they did not agree immediately. Instead, Chang Jun stood up and looked at Elder Jiuling and said: "Elder Jiuling, it's not that we don't want to Letting those sea tribes join the Blood Killing Sect is really not suitable for you to participate in. Just imagine, if you come into contact with those sea tribes, those sea tribes told you well at the beginning, Suddenly they start attacking you, what should you do then? So it’s not that we don’t want you to come into contact with those people, it’s really too dangerous.”

Elder Jiuling saluted to Chang Jun and said, "Elder Chang, we know the consequences of this matter, and we are willing to bear the consequences. We also ask for Elder Chang's permission." The reason why Elder Jiuling did this was because He doesn't have much trust in Chang Jun and the others. In his opinion, Chang Jun and the others may be doing it for military glory or something else, so they won't be allowed to come into contact with those sea tribes. That's why he has Such a request.

Chang Jun glanced at Mr. Jiuling. He had also been at the top of the Blood Killing Sect for many years. He was actually very clear about the thoughts of some of the people below. All the old people in the Blood Killing Sect knew that the top brass of the Blood Killing Sect, In fact, it is very fair, but some new people who join the Blood Killing Sect will inevitably have doubts of one kind or another. To deal with their doubts, the general approach of the top brass of the Blood Killing Sect is to give them an unforgettable lesson so that they can Understand this.

So Chang Jun looked at Elder Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "Elder Jiuling, have you really decided to do this? If you really decide to do this, then I can agree to it, but if something really happens, If something goes wrong, we won’t be able to rescue you immediately, and you may suffer great losses by then.”

As soon as Mr. Jiuling heard what Chang Jun said, he immediately said: "Yes, Elder Chang, we are going to do this. This is to give those sea tribes a chance. I hope you can agree, Elder Chang." Mr. Jiuling is now Iron He must give it a try, because he has always believed that the Dragon King would not do that, and what he is doing now is to save those sea people.

Chang Jun glanced at Mr. Jiuling, then nodded and said: "Okay, that's as you wish, but there is one thing I want to tell you clearly. Our army will be ready at any time. If those sea tribes If there is any abnormal movement, we will launch it immediately. I hope you will not stop the attack of the army, otherwise, military law will be engaged!" In these last words, he said firmly.

Jiuling Lao immediately responded, and he agreed. He was very clear that this was the way it should be. Jiuling Lao looked at him and said in a deep voice: "Okay, then it's decided, three days later." After that, take action immediately. It is better to serve as the front army in the Hai Clan. The main purpose of the Hai Clan is to persuade them to surrender. If the opponent really attacks, Elder Jiuling, you decide for yourself. The distance between the army and the front army is fifty miles. What is going on in front? , support immediately.”

Everyone immediately responded. Chang Jun glanced at everyone and then said: "Everyone, cheer up. The end of the Dragon King is not far away. We can't make any mistakes at this time. Okay. , let’s adjourn.” Everyone responded, then turned and left.

Old Jiuling and the others also left with the others, and then returned to their room. When they arrived in their room, Bafang looked at Old Jiuling and said, "Sir, do you think what Elder Chang and the others said are true? Dragon King really Will they do that? Will they control those who attack us?" He also had some doubts about the judgment of the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

Jiuling Lao thought for a while, then shook his head and said: "I think it's impossible. Even if the Dragon King is crazy, it's impossible for him to do such a thing. After all, those curses are all just what they said. Yes, it’s really hard to say whether that’s the case. I’ve always felt that those people from the Blood Killing Sect deliberately said this just for military glory. That is, if they don’t ask the Hai Clan to surrender, they can directly attack the Hai Clan. If they do it, they can get military honors."

The other people all nodded and approved what Jiuling Lao said. Jiuling Lao glanced at the others and said solemnly: "The more this happens, the more we must do a good job. We must make it clear to those disciples. We are saving the entire Sea Clan now, and even taking a little risk is worth it."

Everyone responded, and Old Jiu Ling said to them: "Okay, let's all go back first. We will officially take action in three days. I really want to see how many people from the Hai Clan this time." Will you do what they said? Go ahead." Everyone responded, then turned and left.

After everyone left, Old Jiuling felt a little uneasy. He felt that something bad was going to happen recently, but he couldn't explain it clearly. This made him feel very uneasy, but in the end he He still put the matter aside, thinking that he felt a little uneasy just because he was about to take action.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. This day was the time to start taking action. Jiuling Lao led the Hai clan into the Shenlong Sea Kingdom early. They were still at the front of the army. When they received Sun Buyu After giving the order, the army began to move forward.

Jiu Linglao and the others set out for a while, and the Blood Killing Sect's army also set off. They were only about fifty miles away from Jiu Linglao and the others. Along the way, Jiu Linglao and the others were carefully observing their surroundings. Although they They didn't really believe what Chang Jun and the others said, but they were still cautious.

They encountered some sea beasts along the way. There was no change in those sea beasts. They were still the same as before. However, Jiuling Lao and the others immediately took them to the Xuanwu Sea. This also made them feel relieved and their mood changed. They feel much more relaxed. Although the Xuanwu Sea is not bad, they are the most relaxed when they are here in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom.

After walking forward like this for about ten hours, a sudden light spot appeared on Jiulinglao's radar array. Before Jiulinglao could speak, he heard Sun Buyu's voice: " Elder Jiuling, please pay attention, there are a large number of light spots about two thousand miles in front of you, it should be that the Hai Clan army is coming, you must be careful."

Jiuling Lao responded, then turned to everyone and said: "I want to inform everyone to be careful. About two thousand miles in front of us, there is an army of the Sea Clan. We don't know their intention, so we must be careful." Bafang They all agreed and immediately gave the order. Then the army also began to make adjustments, and the army became a battle formation.

However, the army did not stop and was still moving forward, but the speed slowed down a lot. At the same time, Elder Jiuling also noticed that the speed of the Blood Killing Sect army also slowed down a lot, and they were also adjusting their formation. He didn't say anything. He knew that he was not qualified to command the Blood Killing Sect's army now, so he didn't say anything.

After a short time, they saw that the other party was approaching them, getting closer and closer to them. Soon the other party was only about two hundred miles away from them. Their speed became slower and more careful. After a while, they I saw a dark figure in front of me, appearing in the sea.

Jiuling Lao immediately ordered the army to stop, and the opponent also stopped when they were about five miles away from them. Then, five huge figures swam out from the opponent's army. Jiuling Lao took a closer look. , and found that the five figures swimming out were all members of the Walrus clan, which made Elder Jiuling a little nervous.

Elder Jiuling knew very well that the leader of the Walrus Clan, who originally had no good impressions of them, directly attacked them when he saw them. Although he was not present at the time, Bafang faced their attacks. , if the alien clan hadn't suddenly appeared, Bafang would have been really dangerous that time. Now it was the walrus clan coming again, which made him not nervous.

But what surprised Jiuling Lao was that the people of the Walrus clan stopped when they reached a place about a hundred meters in front of them. Then the largest member of the Walrus clan looked at Lao Jiuling and said, He saluted Mr. Jiuling and said, "But in front of Mr. Jiuling? Xiangshi is polite."

When Old Jiuling saw how polite he spoke, he couldn't help but feel relieved, but he still said: "You're welcome, Xiang Shi, are you the leader of the Walrus clan now?" Old Jiuling was really very worried. I am curious. The former leader of the Walrus Clan, Xiang Shan, was destroyed by them. Now, what is the status of Xiang Shi in the Walrus Clan.