c7646 warn

"Roar!" Old Jiu Ling let out an angry roar, and then he rushed forward, but at this moment, several blood elephants with red eyes appeared directly in front of him and bumped into him. When I came over, I heard a loud banging sound, and Old Jiu Ling was knocked straight back.

Just when Jiu Linglao was flying backwards, he felt several blood-red figures flash past him. When he stopped and looked forward, he saw the army of the Blood Killing Sect. , have already come to kill, and countless disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are killing the walruses with blood-red eyes.

As soon as he saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. He knew that he was saved. The army of the Blood Killing Sect was coming, and nothing would happen to them. However, looking at the battlefield, explosions flashed from time to time. Although the light was shining, his heart was bleeding. He never thought that it would end up like this. Their losses this time were very heavy.

At this time, everyone from Bafang gathered around Jiuling Lao. Each of them was seriously injured, but they all suppressed their injuries, but their faces were ugly. They looked at those people , didn’t even know what to say. After a while, Bafang sighed softly and said: "Sir, it seems that we have underestimated the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. We should not distrust them."

Tu Ying opened his mouth at this time and said: "Sir, I don't think we underestimate the Blood Killing Sect, but until now, we have not completely regarded ourselves as members of the Blood Killing Sect. We have no regard for the Blood Killing Sect." , not trusting enough, the reason why I was not injured this time is because, this time I regarded myself as a member of the Blood Killing Sect. I kept all the words of the Blood Killing Sect in my heart, so when I faced those people At that time, I still felt vigilant in my heart. In the end, I was not injured, and our swordfish family suffered the least loss. It’s not that I didn’t want to tell you about this, but you at that time wouldn’t listen to me. , Sir, I feel like you haven’t fully listened to what the sect master heard you say that day.”

When Tu Ying said this, Old Jiuling couldn't help but be startled, and then he couldn't help being surprised, because he found that what Tu Ying said seemed to be true, although he did listen to Zhao Hai's words when Zhao Hai beat him that day. went in, but in the past few days, he seemed to have forgotten it again. In other words, he actually did not take what Zhao Hai said seriously. If he really took what Zhao Hai said seriously, He would not have made such a request at the meeting. It is precisely because he has not completely regarded himself as a member of the Blood Killing Sect. He is still thinking, we are a Sea Clan people, and I should be a member of the Sea Clan. He had done more to say those things, and now he was reaping the consequences.

When he thought of this, he couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then he nodded towards Tu Ying and said: "Tu Ying, you are right, you are right, it seems that I really take myself too seriously. Oh, I forgot that after joining the Blood Killing Clan, I should first be a member of the Blood Killing Clan, and then a member of the Sea Clan. I regarded myself as the savior of the Sea Clan, but I forgot that I was actually a member of the Sea Clan. The people of the Blood Killing Sect, the first thing I thought of should not be the Sea Clan, but the entire Blood Killing Sect. The idea of ​​being the savior made my eyes unable to see the road ahead clearly, which is why today’s catastrophe happened. , this is my fault, my fault."

Everyone in Bafang was silent, and they didn’t know what to say. In fact, they discovered that they were actually similar to Jiuling Lao. They all regarded themselves as the savior of the sea tribe, and completely forgot that they should first be a blood person. Killing the disciples of the sect, that’s why they suffered such a big loss today.

Tu Ying looked at everyone, then smiled bitterly and said: "Fortunately, those tribesmen will not really die. Those who die will be broken into pieces. Ordinary tribesmen can become the undead tribe. The Blood Killing Sect Each disciple has five lives, and this time they will lose at most two lives without losing all their own lives. This is also a good thing for us, at least they are still alive."

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly, but didn't say anything. He and Tu Ying had different ideas. Tu Ying thought that was a good thing, but in his opinion, it was not necessarily a good thing. Those Sea Clan The disciples have become the Necromancer clan. Although they are still alive, strictly speaking, they can no longer belong to the Sea clan, but have become members of the Necromancer clan. In the future, if the Necromancer clan orders them , they were afraid that they had to listen. In other words, although those dead Sea Clan people would live in another way, they could no longer be regarded as Sea Clan. Their Sea Clan had lost those people forever. This This is their biggest loss.

When he thought of this, Mr. Jiuling couldn't help but think of the way Chang Jun looked at him in the hall. Chang Jun confirmed to him on the third day whether he wanted to do that and whether he wanted to persuade those sea tribes to surrender. , At that time, Chang Jun looked at him with a trace of pity in his eyes. Unfortunately, at that time, he was immersed in the emotion of becoming the savior of the Sea Tribe and did not pay attention to this matter.

Old Jiuling couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He knew that Chang Jun and the others were really not to blame for this incident. Chang Jun and the others had tried their best to help him and tried their best to persuade him not to do this. It was him. Chang Jun agreed because he had to do this. Chang Jun really couldn't be blamed for this incident, he could only blame himself.

Thinking of this, Mr. Jiuling said: "I'm the one to blame for this matter. I take it for granted. I won't make such a mistake in the future. Everyone should take this as a warning and don't make such a mistake again." Remember, we are members of the Blood Killing Sect, and we must obey the sect’s orders.” They all responded in agreement.

"Huh!" At this moment, a cold snort came. The sound was so loud that everyone on the battlefield heard it. Even the sea people who had lost their minds all heard the sound. Their movements also stopped for a moment, and then the red light in their eyes couldn't help but disappear a little, and then they heard a voice saying: "Remember today's lesson, go back and recuperate." After saying this, That voice completely disappeared.

Jiuling Lao and the others all recognized that this voice belonged to Zhao Hai. Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Jiu Ling Lao's expression couldn't help but change, and he quickly said loudly: "Yes, Sect Master, we have been convicted. "But Zhao Hai's voice did not appear, and at this time, the shouts of killing came from the battlefield again and again. When Old Jiuling and the others turned around to look, they found that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were still attacking those People from the Sea Clan, but the strength of those Sea Clan seems to be not as good as before. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have already gained the upper hand. Although those Sea Clan still look crazy, their momentum is not as strong as before.

When Old Jiuling and the others saw that Zhao Hai didn't answer, they couldn't help but look at each other. Then Old Old Jiuling turned to Tu Ying and said: "Tu Ying, you are not injured. Just stay here for a while and keep an eye on those clan members." Disciples, bring all the injured and all the disciples who have become the undead clan back to the sect. I’m afraid we won’t be able to participate in future battles against the Sea clan.”

Tu Ying responded and stayed, but Old Jiuling and the others disappeared into the sea in a flash. The next moment they had returned to the Xuanwu Sea. Old Jiuling didn't say anything. He immediately asked everyone to go back to recover from their injuries, but he himself returned directly to his yard, entered the state of Turtle Breathing Technique, and began to treat his own injuries. This time, his injuries were not serious.

It is precisely because of this that Old Jiuling did not know that this battle lasted for about ten hours. None of the sea tribes who attacked them ran away. They were all killed by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , but this time, about six of the sea tribesmen who followed them out were killed in the battle, and almost everyone on the remaining four floors was injured. Among them, the smallest casualties were the members of the swordfish tribe, and those from other tribes. The casualties were huge.

Some of these people have become the undead clan, and some have directly become the incarnations of life seeds. In other words, they have begun to use their third life. It can be said that this time the sea clan's Man, the losses are really heavy. The most important thing is that this incident is a huge blow to the prestige of Jiuling Lao and the others.

At the beginning, the sect decided to take action directly against those sea tribes, because those sea tribes were cursed and might be controlled by others. The sect had already told them the news of attacking them. It was Jiuling Lao who fought hard for them. This made They had the opportunity to persuade those sea tribes to surrender, and this news was originally released by Bafang and others in order to further increase the prestige of Jiuling Lao, but in the end it was such a result. Not only was this news It did not increase the prestige of Jiuling Lao, but actually reduced it.

Bafang and the others want to increase the prestige of Jiuling Lao, not that they want to rely on Jiuling Lao's huge prestige in the Hai Clan to unite the Hai Clan and negotiate terms with the sect, but they are preparing to do so. Relying on this prestige, the cohesion of the Hai Clan will be stronger. In this way, no matter which branch the Hai Clan people are assigned to, they will always be the Hai Clan people and will never forget that they are a Hai Clan person. This is also their The last one persisted.

But in the eyes of Chang Jun and others, this is absolutely not possible. They have seen with their own eyes the prestige of Jiuling Lao in the Hai Clan. So many Hai Clan people directly chose to surrender as soon as they saw Jiuling Lao. Although part of the reason is due to the situation, you have to admit that the prestige of Jiuling Lao is also a very important part of the reason.

So Chang Jun and the others were also thinking of ways to suppress the prestige of Jiuling Lao. It happened that Jiuling Lao himself ran into the muzzle of the gun, so they couldn't blame them. So Chang Jun and the others just went along with the flow and agreed to Jiuling Lao's proposal. They believed that, Jiu Ling Lao and the others will definitely hit each other and be bloody. At that time, Jiu Ling Lao's prestige will be greatly affected. In addition, many Sea Clan have become the Undead Clan. In this way, the Sea Clan will I'm afraid it won't be easy to be as united as before.