c7641 fish tide

When Sha Sitian saw this disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, he was very polite. He didn't want to offend this disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Years of experience told him that it is better to be an official than to be in charge. For a disciple like this, you'd better It's better not to offend, otherwise, they may ruin your business.

People like this usually can't help you accomplish anything, but if they want to ruin your affairs, it's actually not difficult, so it's best not to offend people like this, so Sha Si Tian also hurriedly saluted this disciple of the Blood Killing Sect and said: "Friend Taoist, you are too polite. We will be the same sect from now on. You don't have to be so polite. If you have any problem, just say it."

The disciple of the Blood Killing Sect smiled at Sha Sitian and said: "Clan Chief Sha, please be polite. My name is Su Xing. As long as you join the sect in the future, you will definitely be an elder at the branch level. That status is higher than I'm much taller. I don't dare to offend you now. This time I just want to tell you, Chief Sha, that all the Shark Clan members have been tested and no problems have been found. So we have to go back. But Chief Sha, please do the same. Pay attention to yourself and be sure to pay attention to yourself to see if anything abnormal happens. If so, notify us immediately, because our detection method can detect most curses, but there are some The curse cannot be detected, so we cannot guarantee that there will be no problems with the Sharks. I will give you this communication circle. He can communicate with me directly. If you find anything in the future, or If you have any requirements, you can tell me directly, no need to be polite."

When Sha Sitian heard what Su Xing said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately nodded and said: "Okay, don't worry. If anything really happens, I will definitely inform you. I just want to Let me ask, are these curses really troublesome? Why haven’t I heard of such a thing before?”

Su Xing smiled and said: "Curse is a name of our Blood Killing Sect. In other places, there may be other names, and there may be people who deliberately don't tell the truth. For example, they will say, this Planting something is not a curse, it is a special technique, or a special restriction, you might even say it is a special poison, it can be called anything."

When Sha Sitian heard what he said, he nodded, understood what he meant, and then said: "Then what's next? As long as we stay here, there will be no problem?" What he said here There is no problem. Of course, it does not refer to physical problems, but whether there will be people from the Blood Killing Sect who will cause trouble for them.

Su Xing smiled and said: "Please don't worry, Chief Sha. There will definitely be no problem. Maybe you will have a surprise after a while, but Chief Sha, please remember to ask your tribe not to leave this area." Area, this area is very big, enough for you to move around. Do not leave this area easily. Even if you leave, you must come back immediately. As long as you are not far away, there will be no problem. As long as you leave for a long time. It won’t be long, and no one will cause trouble for you, don’t worry about that, but it’s best not to leave this area.”

Sha Sitian nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Please rest assured, we Shark Clan people will definitely abide by this rule, but can I ask, what exactly is the surprise you are talking about? Lord Jiuling before You also told me that there would be a surprise, and now you say so, which really makes people very curious."

Su Xing smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, it's really a surprise. I won't say more, otherwise it won't be a surprise. I'm leaving." After saying that, Su Xing saluted to Sha Sitian and then took the As the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect left, he did not tell Sha Sitian what the surprise was, which made Sha Sitian a little suspicious.

Not long after Su Xing left, Sha Sitian called all the elders in the clan over. After everyone arrived, Sha Sitian said to them: "Does everyone in the clan know now? , how big is the area where we can move? Is there anyone who doesn't know?" He was still very concerned about this matter. He didn't want to leave a trace to the Blood Killing Sect before he officially joined the Blood Killing Sect. , I don’t have the feeling of ability, that’s why I say this.

An elder of the Shark Tribe said: "Please don't worry, Patriarch. Everyone knows it, even the children know it. This area is large, enough for us to move around. We will never go out from here. Please Don't worry." The other people all nodded, and what they said was absolutely correct. Now in the Shark Clan, even the children know where the boundaries of their activities are, and they will never go out.

Sha Sitian nodded, and then said: "We have not officially joined the Blood Killing Sect yet. We must not let the Blood Killing Sect think that we are a group of guys who don't know what discipline is, so we must be careful and understand me. Do you mean that?" All the elders responded.

Sha Sitian then spoke: "Lord Jiuling and Su Xing, the elder of the Blood Killing Sect, all told me just now that there might be a surprise waiting for us in the next few days. I asked them what the surprise was, but They just didn't say anything, so I don't know what happened. After you go back, I would like to remind everyone to pay attention to the situation around you. If there is any emergency, tell me immediately." The elders said again. After responding, Sha Sitian let them leave.

Two days passed peacefully like this, and nothing happened. However, this did not reassure Sha Sitian. Instead, he became even more nervous. He didn't know what kind of things would happen, precisely because In this way, he has been paying great attention to his surroundings in the past two days.

That day, he was patrolling around the clan. Suddenly, a shark clan member swam over with a happy face and shouted to him: "Clan leader, there is a fish tide, there is a fish tide, come quickly, there is a fish tide!" That shark clan member His excited voice changed, and his figure kept swimming quickly, looking extremely excited.

When Sha Sitian heard what the clan leader said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he was overjoyed. Of course he knew what fish tides were. Fish tides had also happened in Shenlonghai Kingdom before. Although the number of times was not many, it had happened. , it can be said that every time a fish tide occurs, it is a feast for these races, but since Jiuling Lao no longer became the prime minister, there has not been a fish tide in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom.

The so-called fish tide is just a name for them. It means that countless fish gather together to act. No one knows why they gather together to act. But when a fish tide occurs, there will be countless fish. Fish gather together, and these fish are different types of fish. Their number is so large that it is impossible to count. It is precisely because there are so many fish gathered together that it is called a fish tide, and they These people live by eating fish. So many fish gathering together is of course a great thing for them, so every time a fish tide occurs, it is a feast for them.

Sha Sitian's face also showed an excited look, and he immediately said to the tribesman: "Lead the way." The tribesman responded and swam forward quickly, and Sha Sitian also followed the tribesman toward him with great excitement. He swam forward, but he always felt as if he had forgotten something. When he thought of this, he couldn't help but be stunned, and he couldn't help but think hard.

Suddenly his eyes flashed with inspiration, and he suddenly thought of something, which was what Jiuling Lao and Su Xing told him before. Both of them told him that there would be a surprise in two days, and now it happened to be Two days later, there was a fish tide. Isn’t this a surprise? Sha Sitian couldn't help but be shocked when he thought of this.

Sha Sitian thought of what Jiuling Lao and Su Xing said, and when he thought of the fish tide, not only did he not feel happy at all, but on the contrary, he felt a kind of frightened feeling. Things like fish tides all happen suddenly. , almost no one knows when the fish tide will occur, but now, the people of the Blood Killing Sect can clearly know when the fish tide will occur. Isn't this strange? Can the people of the Blood Killing Sect control those fish? If they can really control those fish, does that mean that they can also control other things, such as Jiuling Lao!

When he thought of this, Sha Sitian broke out in cold sweat. He suddenly realized that if the people of the Blood Killing Sect could really control the old Jiuling, then things would be terrible. When he thought of this, Sha Sitian was really naive. The child's happy thoughts were gone, and his swimming speed was getting slower and slower.

But at this moment, I heard a voice saying: "Hahaha, Lao Sha, you are late, fish tide, you are still here so late." This voice was very familiar to Sha Sitian, It was Tu Ying's voice that instantly brought Sha Sitian back to his senses. When he looked up, he found that Tu Ying was swimming toward them with members of the swordfish clan.

As soon as he saw Tu Ying, a smile appeared on Sha Sitian's face and he said: "Old Tu, you are here, but you are chasing the fish tide? Why is there a fish tide here? What is going on? Son?" Sha Sitian was actually trying to trick Tu Ying. He wanted to know if Tu Ying knew what was going on.

Tu Ying was also a shrewd person. When he heard what Sha Sitian said and looked at Sha Sitian's expression, he was slightly stunned at first. Then he immediately understood what was going on. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Why? Lao Sha? Do you feel that this fish tide appears very strange? It shouldn’t appear? "

Sha Sitian shook his head and said: "That's not true. I just think the timing of this fish tide's appearance is too coincidental, right? Why did it appear at this time? We had just entered the Xuanwu Sea when this fish tide appeared. Isn't this too coincidental? I didn't say that this fish tide shouldn't appear." God Shasi knows that the appearance of the fish tide is a feast for all the people of the sea tribe. If he dares to say that the fish tide should not appear , that would offend all the people of the Sea Clan, that’s why he said that.