c7640 explain

Sha Sitian swam through the light curtain once, and this time the light curtain did not make any sound. This made Sha Sitian let out a sigh of relief. To be honest, when he saw the light spots on his body, he really He was very nervous. He really couldn't figure out where the light spot on his body came from. Now that it was fine and it was finally taken away, he could breathe a sigh of relief.

Then Sha Sitian turned to Elder Jiuling and said, "Sir, what are those two spots of light? Are they really a curse?" He actually still didn't believe what Elder Jiuling said, because In his opinion, what Jiuling Lao said was all said by him alone. Whether it was true or not, it was really hard to say.

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "It should be a curse. In fact, I have never seen it. However, I believe that the sect will not lie to us. You will understand in the future. Now let's take a look at the territory here. , this will be the territory of you Shark Clan people from now on, and you will continue to live here until the Dragon King is eliminated."

Although Sha Sitian was still a little confused, he didn't say anything. He just nodded. Then he looked around and found that this place seemed really big. At this moment, he heard Jiuling Lao say. : "In the future, if the Dragon King is eliminated, your Shark Clan will be rearranged. The people of your clan may be scattered and join the branches of the Blood Killing Sect. The population of your Shark Clan may be reduced. You must have A mental preparation.”

Upon hearing what Elder Jiuling said, Sha Sitian couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression couldn't help but change. He turned to look at Elder Jiuling and said, "Master Jiuling, what do you mean?" When he said this, , his face had darkened, and he seemed to be ready to take action if he disagreed.

Old Jiuling looked at him and said in a deep voice: "Don't get me wrong, this is not my intention, but the sect master's intention. In fact, speaking of it, this matter is also my fault. Before, we just joined the Blood Killing Sect. At that time, I have been thinking about letting all our Sea Clan gather together, form a group, and then put forward our demands to the sect together, so that we can win greater benefits for our Sea Clan."

When Sha Sitian heard what Jiuling Lao said, he was stunned at first, then he couldn't help but nodded and said: "You are not wrong in doing this. Our Hai Clan has just joined the Blood Killing Sect, so we should really stick together, otherwise , if the original disciples of the Blood Killing Sect suppress us, what can we do? Only if we stick together, no one will dare to bully us."

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly and said: "I didn't expect that you would think so too. I can't blame you, because we all lived in Shenlonghai Kingdom before, so this kind of intrigue is necessary. We only have Only by overpowering others can we get more benefits, but this is the Sea Killer Sect, not the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, you have to remember this."

When Sha Sitian heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "Sir, what do you mean by this? Could it be that the Blood Killing Sect is different from the Shenlonghai Kingdom? According to what you said before, The population of the Blood Killing Sect is much larger than that of Shenlonghai Kingdom. If we don’t fight for ourselves, can we get everything we want? Does the Blood Killing Sect really have so many supplies? "

Jiuling Lao looked at Sha Sitian's appearance, smiled bitterly and said, "You are really right. The Blood Killing Sect really has so many supplies. We can get everything without us fighting for it." What you want, I am telling you these now, you may not understand it yet, but there are some things in the Blood Killing Sect that I cannot tell you yet. I can only tell you that after you join the Blood Killing Sect, You will understand what I mean. Also, you must remember what I say. After you join the Blood Killing Sect, don’t change things when you see them that we thought were good things before. In that case, you will suffer a loss. , you must remember, it is best to tell everyone in the Shark Clan, we have suffered a lot."

Sha Sitian looked at him in confusion. He really didn't believe what Jiulinglao said. Jiulinglao looked at him and smiled slightly: "Okay, I can only say so much." , you don’t need to think too much, just go and have a good rest. Remember, the rules of the Blood Killing Sect are very strict. You’d better not mess around with the orders they give, otherwise, you may be the one who suffers. Do you understand what I mean? Don’t think that because you have just surrendered, you will receive any preferential treatment. There is no such thing. If you really violate the sect’s rules, someone will definitely deal with you. Even all of you Shark Clan members will be dealt with by then. It's useless to resist. The Blood Killing Sect won't care. I'm not afraid to tell you now that all the people from the Seahorse clan who entered the Blood Killing Sect have been killed, and the people from the Agouti clan, they Because they were cursed and controlled by others, they were fine. The Blood Killing Sect allows you to do many things, but there are two things you absolutely cannot do. One, disobey the sect leader’s orders, and two , do not abide by the sect's rules, these two are the iron rules of the Blood Killing Sect, you must not violate them."

Sha Sitian listened to Jiuling Lao's words quietly. Although Jiuling Lao did not explain some of his words clearly to him, he still heard something from Jiuling Lao's words. He finally knew that the bloody killing Zong does have his own set of rules. If they break them, no one will be able to save him.

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling and said, "Sir, what are we going to do now?" Sha Sitian knew his current identity. They were just surrenderers now. He would not do what Old Jiuling said. This idea is precisely because of this, so he is even more afraid that the people of the Blood Killing Sect will come to settle accounts with them. If they really fall into the hands of the Blood Killing Sect and the Blood Killing Sect wants to deal with him according to the sect, then they But there is no place to reason.

Elder Jiuling thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "You have not officially joined the Blood Killing Sect yet. There are many rules in the Blood Killing Sect that you do not need to abide by. However, there is one rule that you must abide by. Then Just don't leave the living area designated by the sect for you. As long as you don't leave here, the sect will not cause trouble for you.

Sha Sitian nodded and said: "Yes, sir, I have made a note of it. I will make sure those clansmen are honest these days, so you can rest assured." Sha Sitian actually still believes in Jiuling Lao. Because when Mr. Jiuling was the prime minister of the Shenlonghai Kingdom, he was really fair and took good care of all races. Although he also suppressed some races, it seems now that it was not suppression, but another. A situational balance.

The Shark Tribe is a race with a big appetite. They have always liked to eat. Even the Shark Tribe who are well-trained people will also eat. It is precisely because of this that they are more concerned about what they eat. They are more sensitive. They can be said to be the first people in the sea tribe to discover that there are fewer and fewer edible monsters in the sea. After analysis, they already know where the problem lies, but Sha Sitian did not say , and did not let the people in the clan say that it was precisely because of this that they were not suppressed by the Dragon King.

It was precisely because of this discovery that Sha Sitian truly understood what Elder Jiuling did. When Elder Jiuling was the prime minister, he ordered many races to never have too many children, including The Lobster Clan, as well as several other races, and people from the Sea Clan all thought that Jiu Ling was always suppressing their races. But now, Sha Sitian realized that this was not the case. Jiu Ling Lao was not He didn't really want to suppress those races, he just wanted to maintain the balance in the sea. When Jiuling Lao was no longer the prime minister, the balance was broken, and the result is that, up to now, the shark tribe has been It's been a while since I've had a full meal.

It is precisely for this reason that Sha Sitian has great trust in Elder Jiuling. Otherwise, it would not be possible for him to join the Blood Killing Sect directly after just saying a few words to Elder Jiuling. This is obviously unreasonable. , just a few words, he handed the fate of his sect into the hands of another person. This is really not what a qualified clan leader should do, but he did it, and looking at it now, what he did Still right.

Jiuling Lao looked at Sha Sitian's appearance and couldn't help but nodded. Then he couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "What I am doing now is just to leave some inheritance for our Hai Clan. If we don't do this If so, the strength of killing the sect with blood will only destroy us all, and by that time, we, the Sea Clan, will really be finished."

Sha Sitian nodded and responded. Old Jiuling looked at him and said in a deep voice: "Okay, I'll leave this to you. The sect will conduct some tests on the curses on you, and we have the results." , will notify me, and I will tell you when the time comes. Please comfort your tribe, and there may be a surprise for you after a while." After speaking, Old Jiuling clasped his fists at Sha Sitian, and then disappeared. By Sha Sitian's side.

Sha Sitian looked at the disappeared Jiuling Elder, but was slightly stunned. He really didn't believe that the Blood Killing Sect could give them any surprises, but as Jiuling Elder said, appeasing the clan members is the most important thing. Yes, he must not let any trouble happen to his tribe, otherwise, he might really get into trouble.

Fortunately, Sha Sitian has been the leader of the Shark Clan for many years. Everyone in the clan respects him very much. His prestige in the Shark Clan is unmatched by anyone. It is precisely because of this that no one in the Shark Clan objected when he said he wanted to surrender to the Blood Killing Sect, so everyone in the Shark Clan would listen to his orders.

Just when he went to appease the clansmen, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also put away the light curtain, and then a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect came to Sha Sitian's side, raised his fist at Sha Sitian and said: "Chief Sha. "He is still very polite to Sha Sitian. Although Sha Sitian and the others have not yet joined the Blood Killing Sect, as long as there are no problems in the future, Sha Sitian and the others will definitely join the Blood Killing Sect and become a sect. The elder has a much higher status than him, so at this time, he does not hesitate to form a good relationship. Even if he cannot become friends, there is no need to offend Sha Sitian, so he is very polite to Sha Sitian.