c7648 three days

"The reason why it is said that the penetrating power is the most lethal to the Sea Tribe is because the Sea Tribe's defense is really strong. Whether it is an ordinary sea fish or a crab, they are either protected by scales or in the carapace. For protection, even if they don’t have scales and carapace, their body skin is very smooth and has a strong force-releasing effect, and this force-releasing effect is also very effective in defending against attacks. ." Sun Buyu then spoke, explaining why the penetrating power was the most lethal to the Hai Clan.

Everyone couldn't help but nodded, and then everyone looked at him quietly. Sun Buyu then said: "In addition to the penetrating power, there is another kind of power that is also very lethal to the Hai clan, and that is earth. When we attacked the Sea Tribe, we used the power of the Metal Element. Although it was not the greatest, it was the most suitable for us. However, it was the Earth Element that was most lethal to the Sea Tribe. Because the power of the fire element cannot be used, the power of the earth element is the most lethal to the sea clan. The sea clan's defense against earth spells is lower than its defense against metal spells. Twenty percent is already very high.”

Chang Jun and the others were stunned, and then Chang Jun immediately said: "You mean, if we use earth magic to attack the Sea Tribe, the damage will be increased by 20% compared to using metal magic to attack the Sea Tribe?" He said I really didn’t expect that there would be such a big difference. The five element spells and earth spells are actually the worst in terms of attack power. But I didn’t expect that the earth spells would have such a powerful attack power on the sea clan. of strength.

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "That's true. We got a result after many calculations." Sun Buyu didn't lie. This is indeed a result they got after many experiments and calculations. As a result, to be honest, even Sun Buyu himself was shocked when he got this result.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Is there anything else?" He really wanted to know what other advantages and disadvantages those sea tribes have. This is very important to their Blood Killing Sect. And from this point, it can also be seen that Sun Buyu's performance is indeed very good.

Sun Buyu shook his head and said: "No, for now, we have discovered these. As for other aspects, we haven't discovered much yet." After saying that, he saluted to Chang Jun and the others, and then sat down. They have indeed discovered only these in this period of time. To be honest, it is already very remarkable that they can discover these in a limited number of battles.

Chang Jun nodded and said: "Okay, this is enough. I think everyone has heard this. Write it all down, and then tell the disciples below to get ready. Maybe in this way, we It will be easier when dealing with the Sea Clan." Everyone agreed, and they also felt that Sun Buyu's information was very useful.

Chang Jun glanced at everyone, and then said: "Okay, that's it for today's meeting. Everyone should go back. Tu Ying, you can go see Elder Jiuling and the others later to see how they are doing. Remember No matter what they need, come and tell me right away. If their injuries are really serious, we can also ask the sect to come forward and help them treat their injuries. By the way, the various healing arrays in the sect, I think you all can use it, right? There won’t be any problems, right?”

Tu Ying immediately said: "Yes, Elder Chang, don't worry. I can use all the various healing circles in the sect. There won't be any problems. Don't worry." Tu Ying said. When Ying heard what Chang Jun said, his heart was still very warm. They did something wrong this time, but it was good that Chang Jun could still care about them so much.

Chang Jun nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as there is no problem, everyone can go back." Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted Chang Jun, then turned around and left. They also To do your own things, you have to go back and make arrangements.

Sun Buyu and the others also returned to the frontline headquarters. At the same time, Sun Buyu also called Tu Ying over. After everyone arrived at the front line, Sun Buyu said to Tu Ying: "Elder Tu, what happened this time, the Hai Clan The losses were very heavy. Only you, the Sailfish Clan, did not suffer too heavy losses. From this point of view, you should know that our Blood Killing Sect’s understanding of the Shadow Clan is not just a joke, it is really very effective. , so you must be careful. This time, Elder Chang agrees that you will participate in the next action, but you are only used as a surprise soldier, that is, a reserve team. Don't blame us. After all, the disciples of the sect also need training. ,Do you understand it?"

Tu Ying responded and said: "Yes, Elder Sun, I understand. Please don't worry. We, the Sailfish Clan, will definitely obey orders." In fact, if he was not from the Sea Clan, he might not really do it. They will be participating in this war, because the disciples of their swordfish clan have just participated in a war and really need to take a rest.

But it is precisely because they are from the Sea Clan, and their previous performance was really bad, which has made many people in the Blood Killing Sect very dissatisfied, especially the sect leader, who also gave them a warning, which is why Because of this, Tu Ying wanted to participate in this operation, because in his opinion, as long as he participated in this operation, whether he was facing the enemy head-on or not, he would gain a lot of points for them. It's just good for their swordfish family, and it's also very good for the entire sea family.

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said: "I will inform you of the specific actions later. You go back and have a rest first. I believe that you, the swordfish family, also need a good rest. Go ahead, by the way, don't Forgot, go check on Elder Jiuling and the others." Tu Ying responded, then turned and left.

After Tu Ying and the others left, Sun Buyu turned to Jiang Shenglin and the others and said, "This time the Hai Clan suffered a great loss. It seems that they should feel at ease." Sun Buyu and the others also discovered that although Old Jiuling and the others They have always obeyed their orders, but because they are from the Hai tribe, they have always stayed together, which has a great influence on them.

It is precisely because of this that Sun Buyu and the others also want to teach the Hai Clan a lesson. Now this lesson is big enough. Sun Buyu and the others are really worried that the Hai Clan people will hate them for this. If that happens, then... It would be even more troublesome, but he believed that the Sea Clan people should not dare to mess around, because the sect master was also very dissatisfied with the Sea Clan's actions. If those Sea Clan people still dared to mess around, I believe even the sect leader would not be afraid of it. Will let them go.

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "That's true. I believe they will be honest. If they are not honest yet and can't correct their position, then they are really stupid. Forget it, let's not say it. They're gone, let's talk about what we should do next."

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said: "What I said in the hall before was also summarized by us in the last war. There are many disciples who still don't know about this matter. I think we can Conduct a training camp for all disciples. The training period lasts for three days. During these three days, the purpose is to allow those disciples to enter the real illusion for training so that they can master the most effective methods of dealing with the Sea Clan. Although It may not necessarily make it easy for everyone to deal with the Sea Clan, but it will definitely be of great use, what do you think?"

Jiang Shenglin and the others nodded, and Tang Yingyi turned to face the old man: "Arsenist, I still have to trouble you about the battle plan. You also know that the battle plan is very important to us, so please be sure. We have to do it as soon as possible." Mr. Jin has been staying with them on the front line, but he rarely participates in everyone's discussions. He will only summarize the results of Da Kong's discussion, and then follow these discussions, Make a battle plan so that you can see it clearly.

Mr. Zhen responded and said: "Don't worry, I will do a good job. I think next time, when those sea tribes see us, they will attack crazily. We must be more careful. So I will be very careful with this battle plan, but I don’t know whether you want to use the magic circle to deal with those Sea Clan people, or whether you want the disciples to personally deal with those Sea Clan people and deal with those crazy Sea Clan people. In fact, Using the magic circle is the best choice."

The veteran array is absolutely right. It is most suitable to use the magic circle to deal with those crazy sea people, because those crazy sea people have no ability to think at all. It is the easiest to use the magic circle to deal with them. Yes, but they are for military training. If they are really for military training, then it is very necessary to deal with those sea tribes personally. This is the reason why Zhen Lao asked them.

When Sun Buyu heard what Mr. Zhen said, he couldn't help but be slightly startled. Then he thought for a while and then said in a deep voice: "Let's do it ourselves. Using magic circles to deal with those crazy sea tribes is really too bullying. And there won’t be any surprises, those sea tribes absolutely cannot be our opponents.”

Mr. Zhen nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, I understand. I will make a battle plan as soon as possible. Please don't worry." After saying that, he gave a few people a fist, then turned and left. , Sun Buyu and the others also cupped their fists and saluted to Mr. Zhen. Although it seemed that Mr. Zhen was listening to their orders, Sun Buyu and the others knew very well that in the Blood Killing Sect, the status of Mr. Zhen was actually to His status was higher than theirs, so they didn't dare to fight against Old Rude.

After Mr. Zhen left, Sun Buyu continued to say to everyone: "Okay, even if this matter is over, let's go and take a rest. In three days, we will attack the Hai Clan, and this time it will be a real attack. , everyone must cheer up, those sea tribes are difficult to deal with, no matter it is the sea snake tribe, the crab tribe, or other sea tribes, none of them are easy to deal with. If we don’t cheer up, if it really happens If something unexpected happens, we will be completely humiliated." Several people responded, then gave Sun Buyu a fist and turned and left.