c7649 observe

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. Three days later, the Blood Killing Sect's army was ready. To be honest, only the Blood Killing Sect could support the army in fighting so frequently. If it were any other sect, , I am afraid that they have gone bankrupt long ago. Even if they can win again and again, I am afraid that they have already lost all their disciples and have been wiped out by others.

Compared with the battles of mortals, monks seem to be much simpler, because monks need less supplies, and they all have space equipment, and they can bring a lot of supplies with them, so there seems to be no need for logistics. What are you worried about, so most people think that the battles in the world of cultivation will be simpler than the battles of mortals.

In fact, this is not the case. The battles between sects in the world of cultivation will be more fierce, and the materials consumed will be greater. Yes, monks do not need to eat. Ordinary monks only need to take pills. , just meditate, it seems like you don’t need to eat, but be careful, the consumption here will also be very huge.

If not talking about anything else, let’s talk about elixirs. Of course there are many ordinary elixirs in the world of cultivation, because each sect will have its own medicine garden, just to make ordinary elixirs for cultivation, but these elixirs The effect is actually very limited, especially for some high-level monks, the effect of these elixirs is almost non-existent.

Even ordinary monks, if they take low-level elixirs for a long time, their bodies will develop a certain degree of drug resistance. In the end, those elixirs will have no effect on them, so each sect The sect must prepare several different low-level elixirs, so that the disciples in the sect can change the elixirs from time to time. If a sect has several low-level elixirs, they are all useless to you, and you are still If you don't enter a higher level, the sect will no longer care about you and will let you fend for yourself, because you are of no use to the sect.

In this way, the consumption of elixirs will be very huge, and the growth cycle of elixirs is much longer than that of ordinary spiritual plants. Not to mention, if the medicinal materials want to be turned into elixirs, there is still a refining process. In the process of making, the loss in the process is also very huge, so if you really calculate it, the consumption of a monk is much greater than that of an alchemist.

This is only the consumption of elixirs, but also the consumption of magic weapons. The consumption of magic weapons is also very huge for a monk, especially in some big times. Yes, in the world of cultivation, there are many high-level These magical weapons may be powerful magical weapons passed down by a sect for several generations or dozens of generations, but these magical weapons, without exception, are all made of high-grade materials. , or powerful magic weapons that have been nurtured by countless generations before finally taking shape. The quality of these magic weapons itself is very good, and naturally they are not easily damaged.

However, the magic weapons used by ordinary sect disciples are not such things, but some ordinary magic weapons. The quality of ordinary magic weapons cannot be compared with that of high-level magic weapons, so these ordinary magic weapons Magical weapons can be easily damaged during combat. Once a magic weapon is damaged, it means it can no longer be used. It does not mean that it can be used again by taking it back and refining it. That is almost impossible. , because re-refining, because the refining methods of various materials are different, if you re-refine it at will, it will only destroy the magic weapon, and there is no way to make the magic weapon reusable.

Even the most common magical weapons are much more powerful than the weapons used by mortals, and the materials required are much more precious. Therefore, these things are also a huge burden for a sect. Generally, If the sect really goes through a war but doesn't get replenishment, then they will probably slowly decline in the end.

In fact, in the world of cultivation, two sects fight each other. What they compete for is more of various materials. Sometimes it may be a mine vein, and sometimes it may be a piece of land most suitable for growing medicinal materials. Yaoyuan, they defeated the enemy. Although there will be certain losses, they will also make great gains. Only in this way can a sect slowly become prosperous. Even if they can get some benefits from the war, they cannot always launch wars very frequently. In that case, their sect will only be overwhelmed and eventually destroyed.

There are several reasons why the Blood Killing Sect can support such a long war. First, many of the supplies of the Blood Killing Sect were actually provided by Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai has space and countless supplies in the space. It is enough for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to use. Second, not many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect take elixirs. They use healing arrays to treat injuries. When practicing, they do not use elixirs. They eat spiritual plants and drink spiritual wine, and these things, because With the existence of the natural energy array, the Blood Killing Sect will produce a lot every day. In addition to the things eaten by the sect disciples, there are still many leftovers that need to be saved, so they don't have to pay for these things at all. Worry, the third thing is the invention of blood metal. This kind of metal can grow on its own and can be controlled by others to become larger or smaller. This allows the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to no longer have to worry about magical weapons in the future. This is precisely because In this way, the Blood Killing Sect could support this long-term battle, but there was no problem with logistics at all. If other sects had been there, they would have been unable to withstand it long ago.

Now the Blood Killing Sect's army is ready at once, and all the disciples are very excited. The Blood Killing Sect's disciples have not participated in the battle properly since they entered the dragon world. This makes the Blood Killing Sect's disciples , they all felt very unhappy. They couldn't participate in the battle. They all had military merit. Without military merit, they couldn't get what they needed. Of course they were angry, so they were all very eager to fight. Now they finally have to fight. Of course, they Excited.

Tu Ying, who was standing behind the army, looked at the excited faces of the Blood Killing Sect disciples and couldn't help but sigh. Seeing such Blood Killing Sect disciples, he understood why the Hai Clan was no match for the Blood Killing Sect. , the Sea Clan will never produce a disciple like this, such a war-like, war-hungry disciple, the Sea Clan has never appeared once, so even if the Sea Clan is equal in strength to the Blood Killing Sect, it cannot be from the Blood Killing Sect. The opponents, let alone the strength of both sides, are not on the same level at all, even more so. This is the most terrifying thing about the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, he received the order and the army set off. Following this order, the Blood Killing Sect's army began to advance slowly. Their advancing speed was not very fast, but the formation remained very complete. Although the entire army is advancing forward, the formation is not chaotic at all. It is as if the entire army is standing on a huge plate, and then someone is holding the plate and pushing it forward, flatly towards the enemy. Move forward without any fuss.

Seeing the actions of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Tu Ying couldn't help but sigh. To be honest, the behavior of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was really beyond their expectations. Their Swordfish Clan was already regarded as the leader among the Sea Clan. They are an elite force, but compared with the Blood Killing Sect, their strength is far behind and there is no way to compare.

In the past, the Sea Clan always walked in front of the army and did not observe the Blood Killing Sect's army carefully. They did not know much about the Blood Killing Sect's army, but now they are walking behind the army and looking at the army in front. With their actions, they discovered how big the gap was between them and the Blood Killing Sect army.

Tu Ying firmly believed that if they fought face to face with the Blood Killing Sect's army, with the same number of troops, they would definitely not be the opponents of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Just rely on the uniform actions of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Method, they cannot be the opponents of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Some people may say, what should an army do in an organized manner? What's the use? It can't be used to kill the enemy. In fact, this statement is very wrong. If an army can do this and be uniform when marching, it represents the strength of the army. The military discipline is very good, well-trained, and the cooperation is very tacit. Faced with such an army, even if this army has only been trained and has never been on the battlefield, no one dares to look down on it, because the army What is it? The military is a place where combat skills are trained to become instinctive. Even if those soldiers suffer at the beginning, when they react, their combat effectiveness will definitely be extremely powerful.

Tu Ying is not a person who doesn't know the soldiers. It is precisely because he knows the soldiers that he knows the horror of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. And those people from the Sailfish Clan behind him saw the actions of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. At this time, they all calmed down and followed the Blood Killing Sect's army in silence. They were really frightened by the power of the Blood Killing Sect's army.

The Blood Slaughter Sect's army marched forward for about ten hours before the army stopped. Then the entire army began to prepare directly, and Tu Ying also received the news that two thousand miles in front of them, a man appeared. There are a large number of sea people, and now those sea people are rushing in their direction.

Tu Ying looked at the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who were ready but not moving forward. He couldn't help but smile bitterly. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect went up to fight those Sea Clan, those Sea Clan They can still give it a try, but now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have made preparations, but are not moving forward. They are just waiting here for those sea people, so those sea people have no chance at all.

The reason why I say this is because the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are standing here without moving because they are very calm. They know very well that they don't need to move, they just need to be prepared, and the enemy will come forward. Come to attack them, and this kind of calmness is the most terrifying thing on the battlefield.

Time passed little by little, and in less than an hour, those sea tribesmen had arrived about a hundred miles in front of the Blood Killing Sect army. The reason why Tu Ying knew this was because he also had a small radar method on his body. Formation, he could clearly see the movements of the Sea Clan army. The Sea Clan army that came this time was another mixed army, with members of all races, but the leader was a sea snake.