c7645 raid

Xiangshi saluted Mr. Jiuling and said, "Yes, sir, I am now the leader of the Walrus Clan. The original leader of our Walrus Clan, Xiangshan, was actually appointed by Lord Dragon King. Now that he is dead, Lord Dragon King has not had time to command." I am the leader of our Walrus clan, and this time we come to see you, Your Majesty, just to discuss surrendering to you, Your Majesty."

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but feel at ease. He looked at Xiangshi and said, "Are the Walrus clan really willing to surrender? You know that Xiangshan died in our hands, are you still willing to surrender?" Old Jiuling said Although he felt at ease, he still decided to give it a try and see what the elephant stone said.

Xiangshi said with a serious face: "Yes, Master Jiuling, we are willing to surrender. Although our Walrus clan has received some support from the Dragon King in recent years, we do not fully agree with some of the Dragon King's actions. It is because of this that Xiangshan became the leader of our Walrus Clan. If we really talk about it, he is not qualified to be the leader of our clan, so we have no resentment towards you, sir."

Old Jiuling nodded, looked at Xiang Shi, sighed softly and said: "Xiang Shi, to be honest, Xiang Shan is not someone we are willing to kill. He attacked us as soon as we met. We actually don’t want to kill him, but we have to do it. Please don’t be offended. If you really want to join the Blood Killing Clan, it’s not impossible. However, because of the incident with the Seahorse Clan before, Blood Killing now The sect's requirements for those who surrender have become much higher. If you want to join the Blood Killing Sect, you must live in an area for a period of time. You must wait until we kill the Dragon King before you can officially join the Blood Killing Sect. Do you agree to become a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect?"

When Xiang Shi heard what Elder Jiuling said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he looked at Elder Jiuling and said, "Master Jiuling, I wonder if it was the same when the Shark Tribe surrendered before?" What he meant was very Obviously, he suspected that Jiuling was specifically targeting the Walrus clan, that's why he asked like this.

When Jiuling Lao heard what Xiang Shi said, his face couldn't help but darken. He then said: "Yes, the same is true for the Shark Clan. They are also staying in an area alone now. After we kill the Dragon King, they will Only then can they officially join the Blood Killing Sect, what? Don’t you agree?" Elder Jiuling was a little relieved now. Xiang Shi asked this, which means that they really want to join the Blood Killing Sect. If they don’t really join, If it were the Blood Killing Sect, then they wouldn't ask like this.

When Xiangshi heard what Mr. Jiuling said, he couldn't help but relax. He then said: "I'm sorry, Mr. Jiuling, please forgive me. It concerns our entire Walrus clan, and many people from other races. I have to Be careful, please forgive me." What he said was extremely sincere, and he really thought so. The people who came with him this time were all other sea tribes, and they all wanted to join the Blood Killing Sect. He wanted to be the enemy of the Blood Killing Sect, so he was just a representative. It was precisely because of this that he had to ask clearly.

Jiuling Lao's face couldn't help but relax. He waved his hand and said: "Wu Fang, you are right to ask this, but don't worry, as long as you join the Blood Killing Sect and don't mess around, then there won't be any Don't worry about it." Seeing Xiang Shi's performance, Old Jiuling couldn't help but believe his words even more. He believed that Xiang Shi really wanted to join the Blood Killing Sect.

Xiangshi nodded, and then said: "Okay, sir, please allow me to go back and tell everyone about this matter. I believe everyone will be very happy when they hear the news." After saying this, he turned to Elder Jiuling. He bowed, then turned around and walked away, leading several other members of the Walrus Tribe to swim towards the army.

Jiuling Lao looked at Xiang Shi's appearance and couldn't help but smile. He had already seen that the Sea Clan army they faced this time was a mixed army. There were all kinds of races in it, and some were even members of the Sea Clan. Among the non-combatant races in the Dragon King, it seems that there really aren’t many people under the Dragon King now, otherwise, such a miscellaneous army would not be displayed.

While he was thinking about these things, he heard bursts of cheers coming from the sea army on the opposite side. Upon hearing this sound, Old Jiuling could not help but reveal a smile on his face. The performance of these people is still very satisfactory. Judging from their appearance, it is a foregone conclusion that these people will join the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, Xiangshi swam back to Old Jiuling. His face showed a hint of joy, and he saluted to Old Jiuling and said, "Sir, we are willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, please make arrangements." He He was really happy. He had already seen that the Dragon King was at the end of his rope. Under such circumstances, if they still followed the Dragon King wholeheartedly, they would be the unlucky ones in the end, so he simply surrendered to Jiuling Lao. He felt this was right.

When Old Jiuling heard what Xiangshi said, he couldn't help but nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as you agree, Bafang, send people to them, use the portable teleportation array to send them back to the Xuanwu Sea , go." Bafang responded, and with a wave of his hand, those sea people immediately swam forward.

Xiang Shi looked nervously at the sea tribe swimming forward, wondering what they wanted to do. Old Jiuling also saw his nervousness. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, don't be nervous, it's nothing special. These people have portable teleportation arrays on them, and they will send you to the rear of the Blood Killing Sect. Go ahead, don’t worry.”

When Elder Jiuling said this, Xiangshi nodded. He was really nervous now, but after Elder Jiuling said this, he could only watch. But when he saw those sea people, After entering their army and chatting and laughing with the people around him, he felt relieved.

Just when about half of the Hai Clan behind Jiuling Lao had entered the Hai Clan's army, those Hai Clan were about to launch their portable teleportation formations to send those Hai Clan to the Blood Killing Sect. When they were inside, they didn't notice that the eyes of the sea clansmen who had been chatting and laughing with them suddenly started to practice. Then those sea clansmen directly used all their strength to attack those around them, the Blood Killing Sect. The Sea Clan attacked.

And Old Jiu Ling, who was looking at the sea clan army, couldn't help but be stunned when he saw the actions of those sea clans. Just when he was stunned, he felt that there was a strong force around him attacking him. Coming over, Jiuling Lao Chuyu instinctively dodged to the side, but his dodging was still a step too slow. He felt a huge force coming from his side, and his figure suddenly Flying out, he also felt that a huge force surged directly from his left arm and directly into his body, beating towards his heartbeat, and that force was so Along the way, it was still destroying his meridians, causing the left side of his body to become completely paralyzed in an instant, making him unable to move at all.

At the same time, Elder Jiu Ling also felt that the spiritual energy in his body seemed to be out of control and was bumping around. This feeling was so uncomfortable that he wanted to vomit blood. He couldn't help it anymore. He opened his mouth, A mouthful of blood spurted out, turning the seawater in front of him red.

At this time, Old Jiuling also noticed that Bafang and others who were following him were also attacked at the same time, and they were all vomiting blood. The only exception was Tu Ying. When the opponent attacked him, Tu Ying It seemed that he had been prepared in advance, and he immediately let go of the opponent's attack, and then immediately started to counterattack.

After seeing the situation around him clearly, Old Jiuling was shocked and angry, but he still forced himself to wake up because he knew very well that if he couldn't calm down, then they might really When he was about to finish, he tried his best to control the spiritual energy in his body. At the same time, he exerted all his strength and suddenly revealed his true body. His huge figure suddenly appeared in the sea.

But at the moment when his true body appeared, countless attacks also arrived. The power of these attacks was very huge. They directly knocked the old man Jiuling and flew back. His body was so huge. , were all hit and flew backwards, not to mention the others.

Although other people also reacted at this time and were resisting, they were all injured, so their resistance could only be to save their lives without force. Elder Jiuling, who noticed this, couldn't help but He was filled with regret and anxiety. He knew very well that what Chang Jun and the others were worried about had become a reality. Aren't these Hai Clan people attacking them now? And he had noticed before that the eyes of those Sea Tribe people had completely turned red. The eyes of those Sea Tribe people before were not of this color, and there was no emotion in those eyes. He could Certainly, those Hai clan people must have lost their minds. This is just what Chang Jun and the others were worried about, fearing that they were really being controlled.

Seeing Bafang and the others being seriously injured one by one, Jiuling Lao couldn't help but regret even more. He regretted why he didn't listen to Chang Jun and the others. Before attending the meeting, they also said that they wanted to listen more to Chang Jun and the others. Because Chang Jun and the others have fought more times with the Shadow Clan and know the Shadow Clan better, why don't they still believe what Chang Jun and the others say? If they had believed Chang Jun and the others, this situation would not have happened. Their losses this time would not be small.

Just when Mr. Jiuling had stabilized his body, suppressed his injuries, and was about to fight back, he heard a roaring sound. He looked along the sound, and couldn't help but feel his eyes tearing, because he saw , in the sea tribe's army, bursts of explosive light burst out. The latest explosion light allowed him to clearly see that a person from the Swordfish tribe was directly blown to pieces and died. They couldn't die anymore. They were obviously completely unprepared for such an attack. How could he bear it? You must know that he specifically summoned them to surrender in order to save these people, but he didn't expect that, In the end they died here.