c7642 chase

Tu Ying looked at Sha Sitian's appearance and laughed loudly: "Old Sha, Old Sha, you are really a slippery man, but in fact this is not a coincidence, but something that happens every year. If you want to say it is a coincidence, then It’s a coincidence for you, it’s a coincidence that you joined, even if you don’t join the Blood Killing Sect at this time, there will be a fish tide here in the Blood Killing Sect in these two days.”

Sha Sitian was stunned, then looked at Tu Ying with some confusion and said: "Old Tu, how do you know?" Sha Sitian really didn't believe Tu Ying's words, because he also knew that Tu Ying was just a Having only recently joined the Blood Killing Sect, less than a year ago, how could he possibly know that fish tides occur every year in the Blood Killing Sect? How is this possible?

Tu Ying looked at Sha Sitian's look, smiled bitterly and said: "I didn't believe it before, but then I believed it. We people have lived in the sea all our lives, but we don't know much about the ocean. Blood Killing Sect, the occurrence of fish tide is not an accident at all. There is a lot of knowledge in it. The reason why fish tide occurs is because some types of fish in the sea have reached the breeding season. These fish They gathered together, not only reproducing, but also migrating, which naturally produced a fish tide. Here in the Blood Killing Sect, fish tides occur several times every year, but the types of fish that occur each time are different. The environment here in Shazong is much better than that in Shenlonghai Kingdom. Our Shenlonghai Kingdom is only so big, but there are so many races. In the past, Master Jiuling was in charge, and the number of each race was about the same. With the increase The fish flow was not too fast, so sometimes, some fish would gather together to form a fish tide, but later, because of the shortage of food, there had not been a fish tide for a long time, and here in the Blood Killing Sect , the number of sea tribes is not very large, the ocean area is large, and there are many fish, so it is easy for fish tides to occur during blood killing."

Upon hearing what Tu Ying said, Sha Sitian couldn't help but be stunned, and then he said: "You mean, how many times a year does a decent fish tide happen here in the Blood Killing Sect? Is it true?" He said I really don’t believe Tu Ying’s words. In the Shenlong Sea Kingdom, fish tides are something you can encounter but cannot seek. Why does it happen several times a year in the Blood Slaughter Sect?

Tu Ying smiled and said: "Of course it's true, so you will know it later. Let's go quickly. If it's too late, the fish tide will leave your territory. We can run after the fish tide. You But no, don’t forget, you can’t leave the territory, hurry up.” After that, he accelerated and swam forward.

Sha Sitian also hurriedly accelerated to catch up. The two of them had just swam for a short time, and before they had said a few words, Sha Sitian was so shocked by the image in his eyes that he stayed there. He couldn't believe it. This is the fish tide, because this fish tide is much worse than the fish tide he imagined. It is not that the number of fish tide people here is small, on the contrary, the number of fish in this fish tide is really too much.

It was overwhelming, as if there was no sea water there anymore, only fishes were left, one fish next to another, one fish crowded together, countless fish swimming there non-stop, although it seemed that everyone was crowded in Together, but there is no mermaid together. They are still changing their shapes, but there are countless sea tribes around, preying on those fish, but their results are not very good.

Tu Ying also stopped at this time. He also took a look at the fish tide, and then exclaimed: "It is really spectacular, Lao Sha, you remember, there is a rule in the Blood Killing Sect. When the fish tide appears, we These sea tribes can only rely on their own speed and strength to catch these fish, and they must not use magic or martial arts, remember?"

Sha Sitian was stunned for a moment, and then said with some confusion: "Why? If we are not allowed to use spells and techniques, how many fish can we catch? Look at those fish, they are still changing their shapes, trying to catch them It's not easy." Sha Sitian really couldn't understand the rules of the Blood Killing Sect.

Tu Ying said solemnly: "I have also asked this question. People in the sect have said that this is to protect those fish. Think about it, if masters like you and me really use spells and techniques If we go to catch those fish, how many can we catch? How many fish are enough for us to catch? The reason why there are fewer and fewer fish in our Shenlonghai Kingdom is because there is no such regulation, so the fish are almost all caught, and the blood The Sha Zong has had such a rule from the very beginning, so there will be more and more fish here."

Sha Sitian nodded, and then said: "This rule is good. If we really catch all the fish, what will the next generation do? Maybe it is because of their rules that the Blood Killing Sect is here. , there will be several fish tides every year, and the scale of the fish tides will be so huge. We don’t use magic and exercises. In such fish tides, we can still catch a lot of fish, but not If we catch too many, most of these fish will be fine, which is the advantage of not allowing us to use spells and techniques."

Tu Ying laughed loudly and said: "Why are you thinking so much now? Just rush up and eat until you are full first." After saying that, he moved and rushed towards the fish tide, but he did not also go towards the fish tide. Rush in the center, because this fish tide is too big and there are too many fish. If he really rushes to the center of the fish tide, he may be surrounded by all the fish. Even if he is fine, if he is hit by those fish It would definitely not feel good on him, that's why it was like this.

When Sha Sitian heard what Tu Ying said, he couldn't help laughing and rushed forward. All the other sea tribes also rushed toward the fish tide. The fish tide kept changing its shape. Some fish have escaped the attacks of these sea tribes, but for the first time, some fish will still fall into the mouths of these sea tribes.

However, the fish tide does not always stay there. Those fish tides will keep swimming forward, and the speed is very fast. Sha Sitian and the others have been following the fish tide for more than an hour. Suddenly, A piercing siren sounded. Sha Sitian and the others were stunned and looked around in confusion.

Tu Ying laughed loudly at this time and said: "Lao Sha, you have reached the edge of your activity area. You can't follow me anymore, so we will leave first and wait until you officially join the Blood Killing Sect. , follow us to chase the fish tide." After saying that, Tu Ying laughed loudly and led the swordfish people to chase the fish tide, but Sha Sitian and the others could only stop, alone. His face looked a little unsightly.

But after a while, Sha Sitian took a deep breath, then laughed and turned to his tribesmen: "I haven't eaten so much for a long time, and now I realize that I have already been full, haha Haha, let Tu Ying and the others be proud of this. I wonder what it will be like when they catch up with the fish tide and find that they can't eat anymore. And fish tides like this happen every year here in the Xuanwu Sea. If it happens a few times, you don’t have to worry about anything. We will still have opportunities in the future. As long as we stay here honestly in the recent period, then we will be the official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect from now on, and we will chase the fish tide from now on. When the time comes, we won't be left behind. Let's go back and have a good rest. I ate a bit too much today." After saying that, he laughed and swam towards the shark tribe's settlement area.

When the other members of the Shark Clan heard what Sha Sitian said, they were stunned for a moment. Then they felt the feeling in their bodies and found that they were indeed full, and they were still very full. They were already a little full, which made them all They couldn't help laughing, and then they all followed Sha Sitian and swam back to their residential area to rest.

This time the fish tide incident made Sha Sitian think a lot. The most important thing is that he felt that he really made a right decision and joined the Blood Killing Sect directly, and as soon as he joined When they arrived at the Blood Killing Sect, there was a fish tide. This was really important to them. He could be sure that in the future, the Shark Tribe would really become prosperous. With such a strong backer as the Blood Killing Sect, If the Shark Clan people are not developed yet, then they will be really useless.

At the same time, Sha Sitian also remembered what Jiuling Lao had said to him before. If they joined the Blood Killing Sect, they might be broken up and assigned to different branches in the future. The people who really live here might Very rarely, this matter was originally very uncomfortable in Sha Sitian's heart, but now it is different. Now Sha Sitian feels that this matter seems to be nothing, just break it up, anyway. In terms of how to break up, they are also members of the Shark tribe, so there is nothing special about it.

Just when Sha Sitian was thinking about these things, Old Jiuling and the others were actually gathering in the conference room of the Blue Light Octopus Clan. Looking at this fish tide, races like the Turtle Clan and the Octopus Clan were not suitable. Those who chase the fish tide, especially after the Blood Killing Sect has such regulations, they will not chase the fish tide even more, because their speed is not very fast. If they chase the fish tide, they may not get anything. There was no benefit, so they simply didn't move.

However, this did not prevent them from taking a closer look at the fish tide. When they saw that the fish tide was about to swim out of the range of the radar, Old Jiuling let out a sigh of relief, and then said in a deep voice: "I used to go to the Shenlonghai Kingdom." When I was a kid, I had several fish tides, but I didn’t pay much attention at that time, and I was even more unprotected. Speaking of which, I’m really ashamed.”

When Bafang heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Sir, if you say that, then all of us will really die. Sir, do you know that since you are no longer the prime minister of the Shenlonghai Kingdom, the Shenlonghai Kingdom There, there has never been a fish tide. On the contrary, food has become increasingly scarce, which is far worse than when you were the prime minister."

Bazu also nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, since you are no longer the prime minister, let alone the fish tide, it is difficult to encounter even larger schools of fish, and the food is getting less and less. I heard that Some small races have begun to worry about food, and some small races have simply disappeared. I heard that they were eaten as food by races such as the crab clan or the lobster clan. Sir, Shenlong Haiguo , it’s completely different from when you were there.”