c7653 Injury healed

Tu Ying came to Jiuling Lao's yard. He knew that this time Jiuling Lao was recuperating in his own yard, because Jiuling Lao's yard was specially prepared by the Blood Killing Sect for the core elders. The facilities in the yard were very complete. Here Recuperating from injuries would be more beneficial to the casualties of Elder Jiuling, so he came directly here to find Elder Jiuling this time.

When he arrived outside Jiuling Lao's yard, he directly knocked on the door. As soon as he knocked twice, the door was opened. Then he saw a puppet servant who said to Tu Ying: "Elder Tu, please, the master is in the living room." I'll wait for you here." Tu Ying responded, walked straight into the yard, and soon came to the living room.

When they arrived at the living room, Tu Ying realized that Old Jiuling, Bafang and the others were all here in the living room. It looked like their injuries were all healed. As soon as he saw Tu Ying coming, Old Jiuling immediately smiled at him. Tu Ying waved and said: "Tu Ying is here, come and sit down. We have just recovered, but you got the news. The news is fast enough."

Tu Ying immediately clasped his fists and saluted to several people, and then said to Elder Jiuling: "Sir, I just attended the sect's war meeting. Just after the meeting ended, I heard Elder Sun say that your injuries have recovered. , I'll be right over." As he said that, he had already walked to Jiuling Lao's side and sat down.

When Elder Jiuling heard what Tu Ying said, he immediately asked curiously: "Oh? The sect held another war meeting? So this time the war is over? What was the result?" Elder Jiuling and the others also knew that, It didn't take long to treat his injuries. He also knew that the Blood Killer Sect would only hold a combat meeting after the war. It was called a combat meeting, but it was actually a summary meeting, so he asked this question.

Tu Ying said: "A great victory. This time the Dragon King sent an army of 50 million people from the sea tribe. They were surrounded by an army of one billion people from our clan. Not one of them escaped. However, the casualties of our army were only tens of thousands, and most of them were just injured." , not many people actually died in battle, so it can be said to be a complete victory."

Bafang said in a deep voice: "Are those sea people still crazy?" Bafang was of course talking about those sea people losing their minds and attacking the team. He wanted to see if it had become the norm for those sea people to go crazy. Well, he was still a little bit worried about this matter and couldn't let go.

Tu Ying nodded and said: "Yes, this time the leader of the sea army is the sea snake clan. With the people of the sea snake clan watching, people from other races do not dare to surrender. They may not have gone crazy at first, but they still They launched an all-out attack on our sect's army, and then they went crazy when they realized they were no match. At first they were still somewhat rational and wanted to retreat, but later they completely lost their minds and only knew how to attack."

After hearing Tu Ying's words, Sha Sitian couldn't help but look a little ugly and said: "I really didn't expect that the Dragon King would use this method to deal with us. It seems that he doesn't trust us at all." Sha Sitian knew that Jiu After Ling Lao and the others were injured, they also learned about the situation of that battle. Of course, they also knew about the fact that the sea people were cursed and went crazy.

Although they cannot leave the area where they live, the Blood Killer Sect has not completely cut off their contact with the outside world. They still know about the war outside, and even now let him come to see Jiuling Lao. This can be said to be a blessing to them. It gives them face, so he is here.

Tu Ying smiled bitterly and said: "Not only that, when we were fighting those sea clans today, some curses were actually released from those sea clans. Fortunately, the incarnation of our Blood Killing Sect has its own curses. The defensive ability of the curse blocks the attack of the curse, otherwise, all the Blood Killing Sect disciples who are fighting today will be cursed, which would be terrible."

Upon hearing what Tu Ying said, Jiuling Lao and the others' expressions all changed. Jiuling Lao looked at Tu Ying and said, "Tu Ying, are you telling the truth? Did the Hai Clan actually release a curse?" Jiuling Lao said He didn't know much about curses, but just like Tu Ying, he was certain that the Dragon King had never used curses before.

Tu Ying nodded and said: "Yes, they really released the curse today. Elder Sun also specifically informed me so that I don't have to worry, because at that time on the battlefield, we suddenly received an incarnation of someone who was attacked by the curse. Warning, to be honest, of course I was really confused. I really didn’t know what was going on. If Elder Sun and the others hadn’t reminded us, we might have really panicked. Fortunately, everything turned out to be okay in the end. No, of course, this is also because we are not the main attacker today, otherwise, it is really hard to say what the consequences will be."

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "Please tell me carefully about today's battle." They were really curious about today's battle. They really wanted to know what happened during today's battle. Tu Ying was not polite, responded, and directly told Old Jiuling and the others all about the situation of today's battle. He continued to talk about it until today's summary meeting, and Old Jiuling and the others were amazed when they heard it.

After Tu Ying finished speaking, Old Jiuling sighed and said: "Now I can be sure that the Dragon King is indeed controlled by others. Let's talk about this curse. In the past, the Dragon King would never do this kind of curse, because He has never used it before. The ability used for this kind of curse is somewhat different from the ability system we know. So I can be sure that the Dragon King will never curse before. He must be completely possessed by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. He took control of it, the power of Shadow Clan’s laws, and the curse technique taught to him.”

Several people all nodded, and Tu Ying said in a deep voice: "I think so too. I used to be the Dragon King's guard. Although I only did some peripheral tasks, I still have some understanding of the Dragon King. The Dragon King used to be absolutely He can't curse, otherwise he would have used it a long time ago, and he wouldn't have waited until now to use it. I even think that the Dragon King's curse may have been learned recently."

Several people nodded at once, and Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "We still knew too little about the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. We really didn't expect that besides the sect leader, there are people in the Blood Killing Sect who can. , withstood the Dragon King's blow. You must know that it is not far from the Dragon Palace now. The clone released by the Dragon King at this distance is already about eight levels of his own strength. In this case, it was still He was blocked, that person is definitely extremely powerful, even stronger than me, I really didn’t expect that the Blood Killing Sect would have such a master.”

Tu Ying said in a deep voice: "The person who blocked the Dragon King's attack should be the core elder Ding Chunming. I heard that he used to be the guard of the sect master, but the sect leader was too strong. As a guard, he just had a name. That’s all, it seems that he still carries this name now, but I heard that he is already one of the few masters in the sect, known as the number one person under the sect leader.”

Bafang sighed softly and said: "There are so many masters of the Blood Killing Sect. With such strength, how can the Shenlong Sea Kingdom be able to stop it? Even if the Dragon King is not cursed, even if all of us in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom , all unite to fight against the Blood Killing Sect, and they cannot be the Blood Killing Sect’s opponents. Maybe by that time, the Blood Killing Sect will kill us directly and destroy us directly.”

None of them spoke, but they knew very well that what Bafang said was absolutely true. Tu Ying looked at the faces of several people, and then said: "When we were holding a summary meeting before, the master of the Shenji Hall was famous and suddenly proposed a method that would allow us to use the flying swords of everyone in the Blood Killing Sect. , attacking the enemy by oneself, this method is equivalent to allowing our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to have an extra helper, and I think now, the sect has begun to promote this method throughout the sect."

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "In this way, the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect will become even more powerful, and the end of the Dragon King will be one step closer. It seems that we did not make any mistakes in joining the Blood Killing Sect in the first place. If we hadn't joined the Blood Killing Sect, I'm afraid we would have been doomed a long time ago." Although Old Jiuling said this, his voice was somewhat sighing. After all, he used to be a member of the Shenlonghai Kingdom, but later joined the Blood Killing Sect. Forced.

Tu Ying said in a deep voice: "What the elders in the sect want to do is to rest for a few days so that all the disciples in the sect can learn this new flying sword control method, and then launch an attack at once, and we will be together with them." Judging from the distance between the Dragon Palaces, I am afraid that in a few battles, we will be able to fight under the Dragon Palace, and by that time, we will face the Dragon King directly."

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "It's okay, now we have no way to save those people from the Sea Clan. The last time we were trying to save more people from the Sea Clan, but as a result, we people from the Sea Clan lost so many people. This is our fault." No, we are too selfish. We should think more about those who have been rescued by us. Only when we ensure their safety can we consider those who have not been rescued. This is also blood. The purpose of killing the clan has always been."

Everyone nodded, and Tu Ying said: "Let's finish things here in the Dragon Realm early. Even if those sea tribes were killed by the Blood Killing Sect, I wouldn't be surprised, but to be honest, seeing Those Sea Tribes were killed by the sect master. I still feel very uncomfortable in my heart. Now I understand why Elder Sun and the others won't let us participate in the battle against the Sea Tribes. I'm really afraid that I won't be able to go down by then. Hand, even if I can really do it, I'm afraid there will always be a thorn in my heart, and I might have inner demons in the future."

Bafang sighed and said: "The sect is still very experienced in this area. They have fought with different enemies on different interfaces. They know how to deal with people like us. I am very grateful to the sect for doing this. , what happened in the past was indeed something we were wrong about, and we must correct it.”

Several other people also nodded. In the past, they may not fully understand some of the practices of the Blood Killing Sect, but now they fully understand. Especially after experiencing the last incident, they now understand, Blood Killing Sect Sometimes, some seemingly ruthless actions may be the most correct.