c7659 arrange

Sun Buyu sat in his room, looking at the people sitting in front of him, listening to Old Jiuling talking about their speculations. When Old Jiuling finished speaking, Sun Buyu said solemnly: "That is, Said, after two battles like before, we will enter the scope of the Dragon Palace. According to your speculation, the Dragon King has only about 300 million troops now, but is this the case? "

Old Jiuling and the others all nodded. This is what they probably meant. Now they are a little unsure whether the Dragon King will send out these 300 million people or put all 300 million people in the Dragon Palace to fight with the blood. No matter which choice it is, whether it is a decisive battle after killing, the Blood Killing Sect needs to deal with it carefully. .

Although there are not many of the Dragon King's men now, one thing is certain, that is, the remaining people who follow Jiuling Lao must all be masters and elites. None of those people are easy to deal with, regardless of them. Whether they follow the Dragon King or come out directly to deal with the Blood Killing Sect, they are not that easy to deal with.

When Sun Buyu saw Jiuling Lao and the others nodding, he couldn't help but frown. Then he thought about it and said in a deep voice: "There is nothing to worry about. We have already calculated it. Every time we attack, we will move forward." The distance is almost 100,000 miles. We will calculate based on this distance next time. If we travel 100,000 miles and the enemy comes to attack us, then naturally we don’t have to think about anything. If the enemy does not come to attack us, then This means that if the enemy wants to fight us in the Dragon Palace, we must be more careful, what do you think?"

Jiuling Lao and the others thought about it and all nodded. Sun Buyu's method was really good. The most important thing is that the Blood Killing Sect has radar. With radar, they can see it from a distance. Their enemy, so they really have nothing to worry about.

To be honest, what Jiuling Lao and the others admire the most is this radar. With this thing, the entire Blood Killing Sect is like having a cheating device. There is no need to worry about being attacked by the enemy at all. Fighting with such an enemy, It was everyone's nightmare. Old Jiuling and the others really didn't know what to say. They just felt very lucky that they were members of the Blood Killing Sect and not the enemies of the Blood Killing Sect.

When Sun Buyu saw Old Jiuling and the others nodded, he didn't say anything more. Instead, he turned to look at Old Jiuling and the others and said, "This matter still needs to be discussed and some plans made. You guys should go back first, I know about this." Everyone responded, then saluted Mr. Jiuling, then turned and left.

After watching a few people leave, Sun Buyu immediately asked people to invite Jiang Shenglin and the three of them over. At the same time, he also invited Elder Zhen and Old Man Jiu Suan. After everyone arrived, Sun Buyu invited Jiuling. The things reported by the elders and the others were told to several people, and finally he said: "These are all the news reported by the elders Jiuling and the others. I think they should be true. You can also tell me. What do you have about this matter?" view."

Mr. Zhen said in a deep voice: "We should come up with several sets of plans. We must make arrangements. Moreover, they said that after we advance about 200,000 miles, we will almost enter the territory of the Dragon Palace. If we don't encounter If there is an enemy, then advance two hundred thousand miles, then stop, take a rest, and engage in a decisive battle with the enemy. But at the same time, we must not forget that the enemy we face this time is different from the previous enemies. They are They can act independently, so we must be prepared to avoid being attacked by them."

Several people all responded, and then Jiang Shenglin said: "What Mr. Zhen said is very reasonable. We must be more careful. The enemy may not necessarily act according to what we think. The enemy has his own Thinking, they can attack us at any time. Although the Dragon King may not be able to leave the palace, I think the remaining 300 million people will definitely obey his command. If the Dragon King still uses curses to control them If so, then it's okay to say that if the Dragon King does not rely on curses to control them, but uses the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to influence them, then this matter will make people very headache, because it means that they are autonomous. If they attack us, it will only be more difficult to deal with."

Sun Buyu nodded and said in a deep voice: "We have radar, so we don't have to worry about them sneaking up on us, but proper preparation is necessary, and if we advance 200,000 miles, we must stop. Otherwise, we may We will directly fight the Dragon King. If we fight the enemy directly at that time, it will not be good, because we will waste a lot of energy on the road, so at that time, we will fight the enemy directly. It’s very disadvantageous.”

Everyone nodded, and Chen Chu said: "What I'm worried about now is that we have traveled two hundred thousand miles, and if the enemy doesn't give us a rest, he will keep attacking us, leaving us with no peace of mind. Rest, otherwise it will give us a headache."

Sun Buyu was not too worried, but said: "I'm not too worried, our troops are there, and if we really camp at that time, we will definitely use the magic circle to defeat our army. With protection and radar, even if the enemy wants to attack us, it is impossible. We only need to dedicate a small part of our troops to block those guys. As for the other people, there is nothing good at all. worried."

Jiang Shenglin and the others nodded. Sun Buyu said this, and it made sense. They really had nothing to worry about in doing so, so Jiang Shenglin and the others no longer objected. Sun Buyu said: "But this does not mean that we and There is no danger in the decisive battle with the Dragon King. If no one of my guesses is wrong, the Sect Master may take action in this decisive battle with the Dragon King. If the Sect Master really takes action, the movement will definitely not be small. If the Sect Master continues to inform, If I really take action, ask all the disciples to stay away from me, otherwise, I am afraid they will die without knowing how. If the sect leader cannot take action with all his strength because he has to take care of them, then their sin will be great. "

When Jiang Shenglin and the others heard what Sun Buyu said, they were all stunned, and then they all froze. They knew very well that Sun Buyu's worry was not impossible. They must know that this time they were facing the Dragon King. The Dragon King is also a master. If Zhao Hai wants to fight against a Dragon King, he must be careful. Otherwise, he will attack with all his strength. Once he attacks with all his strength, the energy that will overflow will destroy those disciples. Life, if in order to take care of those disciples, if you can't take action with all your strength, then if you are injured, then the sin of those disciples will be really great, so they all responded and promised to pass on these words immediately, Let all disciples remember these words.

Sun Buyu looked at them and said in a deep voice: "The Dragon Realm is about to be taken. If nothing else happens, then we are conquering an interface and will have to leave the Tianlong Babu Realm. By then, we will face Yes, it is the sects of Wanshan Realm. The strength of the sects of Wanshan Realm cannot be underestimated, so we must not cause trouble to the sect master at this time. If it is really because of our affairs, the sect master If your strength is affected, no matter who it is, you will become the sinner of the entire Blood Killing Sect. When you go back, make it clear to those disciples."

Everyone responded, and Sun Buyu waved his hand and said: "Okay, everyone, please go back. Don't forget, we only have three days this time. After three days, we will attack with all our strength. At that time, we all know whether it is the final decisive battle or two small battles, so let’s prepare.”

Several people responded, and then they all stood up, saluted Sun Buyu, and then turned and left. They really needed to prepare well, especially the formation elders. They had a lot of plans to make this time. , a set of plans must be prepared, which is very important to them.

Three days passed quickly, and the army of the Blood Killing Sect was also gathering together. All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had a glimmer of excitement in their eyes, because they all knew that here in the Dragon Realm, The matter is coming to an end. Even if they are stalling for time, within ten days, they can almost have a decisive battle with the Dragon King. If the Dragon King did not send someone to stop them in the middle, the waiting period may be shorter. Of course they Excited.

Speaking of which, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are really uncomfortable here in Dragon Realm. After all, this is the sea. There is a huge difference between sea water and air, so the impact on them here is still very huge. They You have to be careful.

Following Sun Buyu's order, the Blood Killing Sect began to advance at once. The entire Blood Killing Sect was advancing at a very fast speed. They seemed to be flying in the sea. This time, there were still not many sea clans participating in the action. Even though There are some sea tribes who are just rear troops. They will not go to the front line.

In fact, those sea people are also very surprised now. They did not expect that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would advance so fast. They were flying in the water, which made them unable to keep up. This made those sea people unable to keep up. The clan disciples, apart from being surprised, also felt shocked for once.

Along the way, Sun Buyu and the others were also calculating the distance. The speed at which the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were advancing in the sea made the distance of one hundred thousand miles not very far, so they had to calculate the distance carefully. , and soon they reached a distance of one hundred thousand miles, but Sun Buyu and the others encountered nothing, no enemies, no obstacles, nothing, not even the number of sea beasts in the sea. They were all very few, which made Sun Buyu and the others relieved. It also made them understand that it seemed that the Dragon King had made a choice. He should concentrate all his troops in the Dragon Palace, and then concentrate all the troops. Sun Buyu and the others couldn't help but get a little excited when they thought of this.