c7650 curse

The sea snake clan finally appeared. Speaking of the sea snake clan, they are really a legend. In the past, the sea snake clan was really not a great race. They could only be regarded as a second-rate race in the sea. They Although the fighting prowess of this clan is not bad, they are not favored by the other clans of the Sea clan, so they have never been able to develop.

But since Jiuling Lao was kicked out of the Dragon Palace by the Dragon King, the Sea Snake clan has become prosperous. Somehow, their clan has been favored by the Dragon King. The Dragon King began to strongly support them and at the same time began to teach them to practice in person. , this makes the sea snake family's combat effectiveness increase very quickly. The most important thing is that the sea snake family's reproductive ability has also been improved. This is really incredible.

The people of the Hai tribe have always found it very strange. In the past, people like Tu Ying and others would only think that the Dragon King's magic power was unparalleled. After all, the entire dragon world was born because of the Dragon King. It is very reasonable for him to make a race's reproductive ability stronger, but Now Tu Ying doesn't think so. In Tu Ying's view, the sea snake clan's reproductive ability has become stronger, which may be related to the shadow clan's power of law and dehydration.

It is precisely because of the support of the Dragon King that the strength of the Sea Serpent Clan has developed very quickly. In recent years, the strength of the Sea Serpent Clan has risen linearly and has become incredibly powerful, even in the race as a whole. In terms of strength, they can compete with the whale clan, which shows how fast the sea snake clan has developed in recent years.

In the past, when they didn't know the details of the Dragon King, Tu Ying and the others would still be envious. After all, there is no race that doesn't want their own race to develop and grow. But now, after knowing the details of the Dragon King, Tu Ying is not at all interested. No longer envious, he was certain that the Sea Serpent clan was now considered half of the Shadow clan.

And the army that came this time was led by people from the Sea Serpent Clan. Regardless of whether the others were controlled or not, they would probably not be able to surrender to the Blood Killing Sect, because the Sea Serpent Clan would never allow it. Those races surrendered and killed the clans in blood, so this time it will be a fierce battle.

Tu Ying was about to remind the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but he saw that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect released flying swords almost at the same time, and the flying swords they released were very strange. Those flying swords seemed to be Like swimming fish, they stabbed straight at the sea tribe army. In the process, the flying sword could actually turn and swing its blade, just like real swimming fish.

Such an attack method made Tu Ying stay there. Sun Buyu said in the hall before that if they want to deal with the Sea Clan, the water flow will have a great impact on them. Under normal circumstances, it is impossible to use flying swords. Yes, who could have imagined that when facing the Sea Clan, they would suddenly launch a volley of flying swords, which made him not be surprised.

At a distance of a hundred miles, it is impossible for you to see that far on the dimly lit seabed. However, Tu Ying has a radar array, so he has been staring at the radar array. He wanted to take a look. What was the result of Sha Zong's attack? Can the flying swords of the Youyu clan be able to attack those Sea clans?

At this time, the flying fish-like flying swords flew directly in front of the sea clan and attacked those sea clans. Although the sea clans had noticed the flying swords for a long time, the speed of those flying swords was very fast. Fast, and the flight trajectories of those flying swords were very weird. They couldn't see clearly the flight trajectories of those flying swords, so they couldn't even hide. So when the flying swords shot in front of those sea people, , those sea tribes have various methods to block those flying swords.

But after those flying swords were blocked, they did not fall to the bottom of the sea. Instead, they flew back to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Instead, they turned around in a circle and rushed towards the sea clan one after another, as if they were one after another. Real swimming fish, not like flying swords.

Not to mention seeing such flying swords, Tu Ying had never even heard of them, so Tu Ying was shocked. He stared at those flying swords, wanting to see those flying swords. What else changed? Soon, those flying swords attacked those sea tribes at one time. Those sea tribes had to fend off the flying swords once, but those flying swords turned in a circle and attacked those sea tribes once. The tribe attacked.

After doing this several times, the sea tribe finally got tired. They hit the flying sword with all their strength, and the flying sword was knocked away far away. They were temporarily freed from the entanglement of the flying sword, and then They accelerated and rushed towards the Blood Killing Sect's army. It was obvious that they wanted to use this period of time to kill directly in front of the Blood Killing Sect and get entangled with the Blood Killing Sect's army, so that they didn't have to worry about it. That annoying flying sword.

The distance of a hundred miles was really nothing to the people of the Sea Tribe. They quickly rushed in front of the Blood Killing Sect's army, and the Blood Killing Sect's army was also ready. The two sides collided directly. The shouts of killing were loud for a moment, but Tu Ying and the others had nothing to do here. The armies of both sides were entangled, but Tu Ying and the others were in the rear army, and the flames of war were still burning here.

Tu Ying was still staring at the radar screen, because the number of the Blood Killing Sect's army was too great, about one billion. If he looked with his eyes, it would be absolutely impossible for him to see clearly the situation on the entire battlefield, so he We can only observe the situation on the battlefield through the radar screen.

The Blood Killing Sect's army numbered one billion, but the Hai Clan's army that rushed over this time was only about 50 million. Tu Ying knew very well that this number was already a very huge number for the Hai Clan. But compared with the Blood Sect, it is far behind, so the Hai Clan's army is currently attacking the middle position of the Blood Sect army. As for the two wings of the Blood Sect army, they really do not have that many troops to attack. I just want to break through the middle position of the Blood Killing Sect, and then directly rush into the Blood Killing Sect's army.

But Tu Ying knew very well that the Blood Killing Sect's army was not that easy to defeat. Just when the Hai Clan army rushed over, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples turned into huge metal blocks, and these The metal blocks were directly combined to form a huge city wall, blocking the attack of the Sea Clan.

While the Hai Clan was still attacking the central army of the Blood Slaughter Sect, the two armies of the Blood Slaughter Sect had begun to slowly move towards the two wings of the Hai Clan army, almost completing the three-sided siege of the Hai Clan army. When he saw this, Tu Ying knew that this sea tribe army was finished and they were dead.

But at this moment, he suddenly discovered that a red flash appeared on his radar screen, and there were also bursts of alarm sounds. Just when he was in a daze, he heard his light A voice came out in his head: "Alarm, alarm, an unknown curse has been discovered. It is trying to attack us. Start the curse defense program." Following this voice, Tu Ying felt that some changes had suddenly occurred outside his body. , before he could react, the periphery of his incarnation had been covered with a layer of green light. This layer of green light enveloped him, and then stopped, but it did not hinder the water flow. Flowed past him.

Tu Ying was stunned, and then he immediately received a communication request. He took a look and found that the communication request was sent by Sun Buyu. He immediately connected the communication request from Sun Buyu. As soon as he connected, he heard Sun Buyu's voice came: "Elder Tu, please be more careful. This time, this sea tribe army has come to fight us, but their main purpose is to infect the curse." Yes, they want to infect our Blood Killing Sect disciples with the curse, and then the Dragon King can control the cursed people to deal with our Blood Killing Sect’s purpose, but I think the curse defense program on you should Has it been activated? Please remind the disciples of the swordfish clan not to panic. As long as the curse defense program is activated, there will be no problem."

Tu Ying responded quickly, and Sun Buyu immediately cut off the communication. Tu Ying also knew that Sun Buyu was currently directing the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to fight. It was already very remarkable to be able to send him a communication at this time. So he didn't blame Sun Buyu for being rude. On the contrary, he was very grateful to Sun Buyu.

Then Tu Ying immediately sent a letter to everyone in the Swordfish clan, telling them that there was no need to panic. As long as the curse defense program was activated, there would be no problem and there was no need to worry about him. The people of the Sailfish clan who were originally a little confused slowly calmed down when they heard Tu Ying say this.

Looking at the appearance of the Sailfish Clan, Tu Ying couldn't help but sigh. He felt more clearly the gap between the Sailfish Clan and the Blood Slaughter Sect disciples. Look at the Blood Slaughter Sect disciples who were fighting on the front line. They They must be the ones who discovered earlier that the enemy used curse attacks, and the curse defense program on them must also be activated earlier, but they did not give any indication whether they should fight with the helper or the enemy. There is no strange performance in the battle, this is the difference.

At the same time, Tu Ying couldn't help but get to know the Dragon King even more deeply. The Dragon King had never used the curse technique before. Even Tu Ying suspected that the Dragon King might not have known the curse technique before. He should have been a member of the Shadow Clan. Only after the power of law had a deep influence could he use the curse technique. Otherwise, he would have used the curse technique on Old Nine Spirits back then, and it would have been impossible for Old Nine Spirits to escape smoothly.

Moreover, Tu Ying also had a certain understanding of the curse technique after discovering that all the Shark clan members were affected by the curse. He knew that the curse technique was not actually a technique in the world of cultivation. Among the techniques in the world of cultivation, There is no curse technique. The curse technique can be said to be the unique secret technique of the Shadow Clan. The Blood Killer Clan also learned the curse technique by chance. In other words, they can curse the technique. , is also a clear proof that the Dragon King is completely influenced by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Tu Ying still believes in this, so he is now even more sure that the Dragon King must be completely influenced by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Now, he is no longer the Dragon King he was before.