c7656 quarrel

In this battle, the Blood Killing Sect perfectly displayed the power of their sect's magic circle, allowing everyone to clearly see how powerful the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle was. Hundreds of millions of sea people The army charged towards the blood-killing sect’s army. After entering within two hundred miles of the blood-killing sect’s army, they died in droves. Even the farthest sea tribe was far away from the blood-killing sect’s army. There is still a distance of fifty miles, and there is no threat to the Blood Killing Sect's army at all.

The attack method of these sea tribes really made Sun Buyu and the others guess correctly. They mainly used self-destruction attacks. Groups of sea tribes, after entering within two hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect, They began to self-destruct. Not only did they not hit the enemy, they also blew up their own people. Groups of sea people were killed by their own people.

Jiuling Lao and the others were standing in the headquarters and saw with their own eyes the hundreds of millions of Sea Tribe people embarking on a road of no return. Until the last Sea Tribe man died in the battle, they had nothing to do. It was up to them. Their faces were a little gloomy, and no one said anything. They were not blaming the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, they could understand the Blood Killing Sect's approach. What the Blood Killing Sect did was nothing more than to make their disciples less It was just casualties, there was nothing wrong with their approach.

What Jiuling Lao and the others hate is the Dragon King. The Dragon King has made it clear that he wants the people of the Hai tribe to die. They really hate the Dragon King to death for doing this, but there is nothing they can do about it, because they can all see it. , those Sea Clan people have lost their minds, and it is impossible for them to save those Sea Clan people even if they want to.

After the battle, Sun Buyu and the others asked the staff officers to organize the army, and then they arrived at the main hall, because they had received notice that Chang Jun was going to have a meeting in the main hall again. In fact, this was also what they expected. After a war, they all have a summary meeting.

By the time Sun Buyu and the others arrived at the main hall with the gloomy-faced Jiuling Lao and the others, the rest of the Blood Killing Sect had almost arrived. As soon as they saw them coming, Chang Jun waved to them, and they always Everyone bowed, and then he found his seat and sat down.

Old Jiu Ling and the others have always looked very gloomy and unattractive. Their faces cannot look good because they have seen with their own eyes hundreds of millions of people from the Hai clan being wiped out, and those are all their own clansmen. So what's wrong with their faces? Maybe it's pretty good-looking, but everyone is sitting there with gloomy expressions.

Chang Jun also noticed the expressions of several people. He did not say anything, but said to everyone: "Okay, everyone, please be quiet for a moment. Let's talk about this battle. This battle. It has just ended. I think everyone has seen that during this war, Elder Sun and the others made some adjustments to our army in advance. As the army advanced, they had already begun to make adjustments. When the army stopped, At that time, the adjustment was basically completed. This time the army used a magic formation to face the enemy. What do you think about this?"

Everyone was silent for a while, and then a core elder stood up and said: "I think the army adjusted very timely. The enemy used a large number of self-destruction methods during this attack. If we had not made adjustments in advance, When our army faces such an enemy, it may suffer a lot of casualties, so I think the army's adjustment was very timely and very good, allowing us to avoid a lot of casualties."

Most of the people in the hall nodded. At this time, another elder stood up. He spoke to everyone: "I think this adjustment is necessary, but it is too much. In the whole process, , our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have no chance to engage in close combat with the enemy. Self-destruction is not only used by the Sea Clan. As long as they are monks, almost all of them will use this method when they are desperate. And we, the Blood Killing Sect, will definitely encounter There are all kinds of enemies. If we push the enemy hard when we are in close combat with them, and the enemy wants to die with us, then they will explode themselves, and by that time, our disciples will not be able to deal with it. This method would be very dangerous."

As soon as the core elder said this, everyone in the hall was stunned. Then everyone couldn't help but think deeply, thinking about what the elder said. Everyone understood the meaning of his words. He wanted blood. Disciples of the Killing Sect, when facing such enemies who can self-destruct, it is best to get in touch with these enemies, and then learn how to save their own lives when the enemy self-destructs. Otherwise, if they fight with the enemy in the future During the close combat, the enemy suddenly self-destructed, and their casualties would definitely be considerable. Therefore, he believed that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect should engage in close combat with the enemy in this battle.

Another core elder stood up and said: "I don't think it is necessary. If we still engage in close combat with the enemy when we know that they will self-destruct, then we are seeking death. We can destroy the enemy at a distance, why must we What about engaging in close combat with the enemy? There's no need. Apart from increasing casualties, I really don't see any benefit.

"We can't predict in advance that the enemy will self-destruct every time. If the enemy suddenly self-destructs when we don't guess that the enemy will self-destruct, then we don't have any experience in dealing with it, which will only increase our casualties. Big." The elder who spoke before stood up and said.

The hall was divided into two groups for a while, arguing constantly. Some people supported close combat with the enemy. Even if they knew that the enemy would self-destruct, they still had to engage in close combat with the enemy in order to accumulate some methods to deal with the enemy's self-destruction, so that they could In the future, when encountering an enemy self-destruction, you will know how to respond.

This was the first time for Jiuling Lao and the others to see such a quarrel among these core elders, and they were a little dazed for a moment. However, they soon discovered that although these elders of the Blood Killing Sect had been quarreling, they were just Arranging facts, reasoning, and constantly coming up with their own solutions, which surprised them all.

Chang Jun's voice suddenly came: "Okay, everyone, please be quiet." When everyone heard what he said, they slowly became quiet. Then everyone looked at Chang Jun, and Chang Jun also looked at everyone. , and then said: "What both of you said is reasonable, but I think that both of you are also a little unconsidered. When you know that the enemy will self-destruct, you still go up to fight with the enemy. That is asking for death. At the same time, It is impossible for us to always eliminate the enemy at a safe distance, let alone never engage in close combat with the enemy. This is impossible, so we must come up with a compromise."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then he glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I think we can think of a way from the real illusion. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can enter the real illusion to train, and use our The enemies are set to be able to self-destruct, but we don’t know when they will self-destruct. Let the disciples first get familiar with how to deal with the enemy’s self-destruction in the real illusion. It is best to find a way to deal with self-destruction. method, and then we are extending this method to the entire sect, what do you think?"

When everyone heard what Chang Jun said, they were all stunned, and then nodded involuntarily. To be honest, Chang Jun's method is really good. Although the real illusion is not completely the same as the outside world, it can't be completely different from the outside world. The similarity is at least 90%, which is not much different from being exactly the same, so training in a real illusion is the best.

At this time, Zhu Yong suddenly stood up, and he said in a deep voice: "Actually, I think it is not difficult to block the enemy's self-destruction. We have already used the automatic attack flying sword before, although it is only We tried it, but the effect still looks good. Now we can think about it the other way around, what do you think?"

Everyone was stunned, and then their eyes lit up. They already understood what Zhu Yong meant. Chang Jun looked at Zhu Yong with gleaming eyes and said: "Old Zhu, what you mean is to create a device that can automatically protect the body." Formation?" Chang Jun and the others were all smart people, so as soon as Zhu Yong said it, they reacted immediately.

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. Our flying sword can automatically attack the enemy, so can we also create a magic weapon that can automatically protect us? If there is such a method Formation protection, when we encounter an enemy self-destruction, we will have an extra layer of protection, so that we will be safer, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded. This method was very good. Then everyone's eyes fell on Wen Yuming. At this time, Wen Yuming was closing his eyes and meditating. After a while, he looked at everyone, Shen Sheng said: "I think it is very feasible, but we need to go back and study how to better use this magic circle to protect ourselves."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone's eyes lit up. They all knew what Shenlongtang was capable of. If they heard about it and really studied it, they would definitely come up with something different. They would kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the future. The defensive ability is probably about to be strengthened, which is definitely a good thing.

But Old Jiuling and the others were completely stunned now. They really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would come up with a solution so quickly for something that seemed extremely difficult to them, and it seemed like this The method seemed to be very feasible, which surprised them. It was also the first time they discovered that this summary meeting was really effective.

In the past, Mr. Jiuling and the others always felt that it was not necessary for the Blood Killing Sect to hold a summary meeting after the war, but now they no longer think so. In their current opinion, the Blood Killing Sect’s summary The conference seems to be really effective, and it can come up with a variety of methods, which is really amazing.

At this time, Chang Jun said at one time: "Okay, let's end today's meeting. Lao Wen, I leave this matter to you. You must take it seriously. Also, remember, if we want When making a magic weapon with automatic defense, don't just think about self-destruction." After Wen Yuming responded, everyone stood up, saluted and walked out.