c7655 self-destruct

Naturally, Sun Buyu and the others would not object. They immediately agreed to Jiuling Lao's approach and started to take action directly. As the Blood Killing Sect's army advanced, they began to make adjustments. This way of adjustment, This is something that Jiuling Lao and the others have never seen before. They have never thought that such a large army would make such fine adjustments while marching.

Sun Buyu also reported this matter to Chang Jun, and Chang Jun did not object. Sun Buyu and others, frontline commanders, actually have great power. Chang Jun and others will not object to some of their reasonable requests. , so Sun Buyu and the others' plan began to officially proceed.

The army had been moving forward for about eight hours, and a large number of sea tribes appeared in front of them. As soon as these sea tribes appeared on the radar screen of the Blood Killing Sect, Sun Buyu and the others noticed that these sea tribes were still a miscellaneous army. Moreover, it is still a miscellaneous army mainly composed of some weak sea tribes.

Although it is said that everyone can practice in the Sea Clan, the talent gap between the Sea Clan is very large. For some weak races, no matter how you practice, it is very difficult to surpass those races with good talents. Things, so the influence of talent on the Sea Clan is actually very huge. Among the Sea Clan, the class is almost completely solidified. It is too difficult to break through this solidification of class.

It is precisely because of this that there are still many weak races among the sea tribe, just like the agouti tribe before. In the sea tribe, they are actually a relatively weak race. They are similar to the shark tribe and whales. Compared to a race like this, it is far behind.

On the formal battlefield, such weak races are actually not of much use. Among these races, except for a very few, the average person has almost no ability to deal with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Any threat. Originally, these weak races did not need to participate in the war, but now they were pushed onto the battlefield. This made the people of the Blood Killing Sect really not know what to say.

But when he saw those weak races, Sun Buyu smiled slightly, then turned to a few people and said solemnly: "It seems that our guess was right. Those guys really want to use self-destruction." To deal with us, those weak races, if they use formal methods to attack us, there will be no results. Only the method of calculating explosions can pose a certain threat to us. What a pity, what a pity."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also nodded. As soon as they saw the people from the Hai Clan who came to attack them, they already knew what the other party was thinking. The other party did want to use self-destruction to attack them, but they had already done it. There was nothing to worry about, so no one had any big reaction.

On the contrary, Old Jiuling and the others were very surprised. They never thought that the self-destruction attack that Jiang Shenglin and the others mentioned before would now be used by the Hai Clan. Everything seemed to be planned by them. In this situation, how can the people of the Sea Clan fight against the Blood Killing Clan? They are simply beating themselves to death!

There are not many sea tribes on the front line now, only the swordfish tribe, and the swordfish tribe does not need Tu Ying to command. The swordfish tribe has someone to take command, so Tu Ying and the others are all here at the frontline headquarters, following Sun Buyu and the others. Watch the radar screen and pay attention to the situation on the front line.

Sun Buyu ignored them, but turned to the old man Jiu Suan and said: "Elder Jiu Suan, it's time to start. The enemies coming this time are not strong. Apart from self-destruction, they have almost no threat to us. I think the Dragon King also It should be discovered that his curse technique is of no use to us, so they can only use self-destruction."

Old Man Jiu Suan smiled slightly and said, "Don't worry, leave it to me." After saying that, Old Man Jiu Suan moved and disappeared into the headquarters. The next moment, the Blood Killing Sect's army stopped completely. , and then the army began to make adjustments. During the whole process, Sun Buyu and the others could only watch from the sidelines, and no one spoke.

Soon the Blood Killing Sect's army turned into a huge magic circle. Just as this magic circle was taking shape, the Hai Clan's army had already arrived about five hundred miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's army. At this moment , Old Man Jiu Suan activated the magic circle directly. Old Man Jiu Ling and the others clearly saw that a trace of blue light suddenly appeared on the radar screen, which immediately covered the Blood Killing Sect’s army. At that moment, on the radar screen, Above, only a blue light could be seen, and the Blood Killing Sect’s army could not be seen.

But soon, the Blood Killing Sect's army appeared on the radar screen again and again, but Sun Buyu and the others all smiled slightly, with excitement on their faces. Sun Buyu even said: "Okay, it's done. Next, we will wait for those sea tribes to crash in and see what other methods they have."

Jiang Shenglin stretched out his hand, gestured on the screen, and then said: "The range of influence of the formation should include two hundred miles outside the formation. In other words, as long as the enemy enters the range of two hundred miles of the formation, Everyone will be affected by the formation, but I don’t know how Elder Jiu Suan will deal with people and what method he will use.”

Chen Chu smiled and said: "What other methods can be used? Illusion formation, sword formation, and flying swords are enough. Elder Jiu Suan will never let us disciples of the Blood Killing Sect take risks in close combat with the enemy. In his opinion, if you can defeat the enemy from a distance, you should never engage in close combat with the enemy. This is his method."

Sun Buyu and the others laughed loudly, but Old Jiuling and the others stood there blankly looking at the radar screen. They really couldn't imagine how the Blood Killing Sect's army could be dealt with in one go even from a long distance. There are so many enemies. You must know that the number of enemies released from the sea this time is quite large. If you look at it, it is at least more than 500 million. Compared with the number of people who came last time, it is about ten times more. In this case , how can they destroy the enemy without engaging in close combat with them? This is really hard to imagine.

At this time, those sea tribes were already within two hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect. As soon as those sea tribes entered within two hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect’s army, those sea tribes immediately changed their appearance, baring their teeth and claws. , seemed to be fighting with someone, and there were even some sea tribesmen who directly fought with their companions around them, which was very tragic.

Then an unforgettable scene for Old Jiu Ling and the others appeared. They saw some weak sea tribesmen directly began to self-destruct. Balls of exploding light appeared on the radar screen. Every time a ball of exploding light appeared, Jiu Ling Elder Ling and the others' bodies would tremble unconsciously. It was really hard for them to imagine what would happen if they encountered such an attack. What would happen if Sun Buyu and the others had not prepared in advance and encountered such an attack? It was difficult for them to imagine the situation at that time, because it meant that they would have to pay a huge price.

At this moment, Jiuling Lao and the others have infinitely improved Sun Buyu's command ability. In their opinion, if they can guess in advance what method the enemy will use to attack and make preparations in advance, the enemy is really Just as they said, this kind of ability is really too powerful, so powerful that it is unimaginable.

In fact, they don't know that this is not to say that Sun Buyu and others have the ability to predict the future, but because they have experienced too many battles and experienced too many scenes. After fighting for a period of time, no matter how many methods the enemy has, they will Guan Buduo already knew, and they also didn't know how the enemy would use these methods. In this case, it would be easier for them to deal with the enemy.

Under the watchful eyes of Jiuling Lao and the others, they saw countless flying swords flying out of the Blood Killing Sect's formation. These flying swords were very strange. On the radar screen, there was only a light and shadow, but They couldn't see the entity, but after thinking about it carefully, they understood that the flying sword was simply an energy body, not a real flying sword.

Although these flying swords are energy bodies, these flying swords can really kill people. These flying swords are seen killing those sea people. As long as the sea people are killed by these flying swords, they will die. Injured, the Hai clan also suffered heavy casualties for a while, but Old Jiu Ling and the others also noticed something, that is, the attack range of those flying swords was within two hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect army, and did not reach two hundred miles. to attack the enemy.

But those sea tribes didn't seem to notice these flying swords. They still kept rushing forward, and then died one after another within two hundred miles of the Blood Killing Sect army. However, the sea tribes behind seemed to be It didn't look like he saw it, but he kept charging forward without even the slightest precaution.

At this time, the Blood Killing Sect released flying swords again. This time they released real flying swords, not the kind of energy flying swords. These flying swords were stronger than the flying swords they had seen before. It's a lot bigger. The flying swords they released before were just like ordinary long swords, more than three feet long, but now the flying swords they released are more than one foot long, very wide, and even more What is very rare is that the blades of these flying swords are actually very soft, and they can swim in the water like the previous flying swords, just like swimming fish. Seeing such flying swords, Old Jiuling and the others were a little surprised.

Tu Ying had seen this kind of flying sword before. He glanced at Jiuling Lao and the others and said in a deep voice: "The flying sword released last time was also like this, but it was not as big. Because it was not powerful enough, the sect It was decided to make the flying sword bigger, and at the same time, it can attack the enemy independently."

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Now these flying swords can't attack the enemy independently because our Mantianhuo is not used in conjunction. We should just let those disciples get used to using this flying sword." It feels like, after all, the size of the flying sword has suddenly become larger, and using such a flying sword also requires a process of adaptation."

When Tu Ying heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "I see, I was still wondering before. The sect has been talking about Mantianhuo, Mantianhuo, and I still don't know about Mantianhuo. What does fire look like? It’s no wonder it’s not used yet.” These words also caused Sun Buyu and the others to burst into laughter.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.