c7657 small meeting

Jiuling Lao and the others came to Jiuling Lao's room once. After a few people sat down in the living room, their puppet servants brought tea, but none of them touched the tea. Instead, they all Lost in thought, for a while, Jiuling Lao suddenly said: "Go, send someone to invite Clan Chief Sha Sitian." A puppet servant responded, then turned and left, and soon Sha Tongtian came to the living room. inside.

As soon as he entered the door of the living room, he saw Old Jiuling and the others sitting there in a daze, which made him slightly stunned. Then he glanced at a few people with some confusion, and finally said to Old Jiuling: "Sir, you guys What's going on? But what difficulties have you encountered?" He is not yet a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, nor is he an elder of the Blood Killing Sect, so he doesn't know much about the Blood Killing Sect, nor does he know about the war outside. I am completely ignorant, that’s why I ask this question.

Jiuling Lao and the others came to their senses immediately. Jiuling Lao glanced at Sha Sitian, then smiled bitterly, pointed to the seat next to him and said, "Come on, sit down." Sha Sitian responded and sat down directly. After coming down, he still looked at Old Jiu Ling with some confusion. He was sure that Old Jiu Ling and the others must have something going on, otherwise they wouldn't have reacted like this.

Old Jiuling looked at him and said with a bitter smile: "Did you know that the Blood Killing Sect had just fought a big battle with the Hai Clan. This time the Sea Clan sent an army of 500 million to attack the Blood Killing Sect. Although these armies , all of them are weak sea clans, but these sea clans come with the intention of dying together. They just get close to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and then blow themselves up to achieve the purpose of killing the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In the end Do you know what the outcome will be?"

When Sha Sitian heard what Jiuling Lao said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression changed and he said, "Self-destruction? I really didn't expect that the Dragon King would come up with such a method? What? Are the sect's casualties high?" From Sha Sitian's point of view, the Hai Clan even used self-destruction techniques, and the casualties suffered by the Blood Killing Sect would definitely not be small. He just asked this question for the sake of the face of Elder Jiu Ling and the others.

Old Jiuling shook his head and sighed softly, and Bafang, who was sitting aside, said: "The sect leader wiped out an army of 500 million without a single casualty." When he said this, there was a hint of emotion in his words. With a hint of bitterness, because he discovered that if he were the Dragon King, he would probably do the same thing, and the final result would be the same.

"Impossible, how is this possible? The Sea Clan even used self-destruction, how could the sect not even have a single casualty? Could it be that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are already so powerful that even the enemy's self-destruction cannot hurt them? Have you achieved enlightenment?" As soon as Sha Sitian heard what Bafang said, he immediately started shouting loudly. He really couldn't believe what Bafang said.

"It's true, there really aren't any casualties." Tu Ying said from the side, with a hint of bitterness on his face. Today's fighting method of the Blood Killing Sect really opened their eyes, and at the same time, it also made them They were extremely surprised. They really didn't expect that an army of hundreds of millions would be wiped out without even touching a hair of the enemy. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, I'm afraid he wouldn't have known it. believable.

"This is impossible. How did they do it? That's an army of 500 million, not 500 million fish. Even if it is 500 million fish, if there is a fish tide, it will be very dangerous, let alone an army of 500 million. ." Sha Sitian still looked at Tu Ying with a face of disbelief. He really couldn't imagine how this battle was fought.

Old Jiuling glanced at Sha Sitian, then sighed softly and said: "What they said is true. There are indeed 500 million Hai Clan coming this time, and the result is exactly what they said. Zong There were no casualties among the disciples, but all the 500 million troops were wiped out, and no one could escape. Although those Sea Clan had lost their minds, they were still Sea Clan after all. Seeing them being wiped out, I really feel a little heartbroken, but there is nothing I can do about it.”

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling blankly. He was really speechless. He really couldn't imagine what it would be like for 500 million enemy companies to be wiped out without even touching them. What if They really encountered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It was impossible for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to suffer no casualties. The fact that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not suffer any casualties could only mean that the enemy did not encounter them at all.

Old Jiuling shook his head, and then said: "Before the Hai Clan attacked, Elder Sun and the others had already thought that the Hai Clan might use self-destruction to deal with them, so they directly adjusted the army and After adjusting to the form of a magic formation, the army formed two magic formations, one was a phantom formation and the other was a five-element killing formation. Then the sea tribe's army appeared. They were really preparing to use self-destruction to attack us. This just happened to be a trap, and before they could reach the sect’s army, they were wiped out by the sect’s army in various ways.”

Sha Sitian was stunned for a moment, then he looked at Old Jiuling and said: "Sir, you are saying that Elder Sun and the others guessed that the Hai Clan might use self-destruction to attack us before they saw the Hai Clan's army. An army? Are their command capabilities really that strong?" Sha Si naively couldn't believe that there would be such people in this world, which he couldn't accept.

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "It is true that Elder Sun and the others had guessed it before they attacked. We also held a summary meeting afterwards. At the meeting, the core elders of the sect quarreled and quarreled. The content is that some core elders believe that the disciples of the sect should still fight the enemy in close combat even if they know that the enemy will self-destruct, so that they can accumulate some experience in dealing with the enemy's self-destruction."

Sha Sitian was stunned for a moment. He looked at Jiuling Lao Dao: "Are they lunatics? If they still want to fight the enemy in close combat when they know that the enemy will self-destruct, isn't that looking for death? The core of the Blood Killing Sect Elder, why would you make such a suggestion? With him as the core elder, the Blood Killing Sect can still develop to this day?"

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly and said: "He is not crazy, and the people in the Blood Killing Sect even think what he said makes sense. Lao Sha, you may not know that almost all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are There are several lives. As far as I know, including their own first life, each of them has five lives. Most people now only use their third life. That is to say , Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have at least three lives, so even if they really commit suicide once, it is not a big deal." There are some things that Jiuling Lao really didn't say to Sha Sitian before. , but now he feels that he should tell Sha Sitian. There is no harm in letting Sha Sitian gain more understanding of the Blood Killing Sect.

When Sha Sitian heard what Jiu Ling said, he was completely stunned. He looked at Jiu Ling in disbelief and said, "Five lives? You mean, every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has five lives." ? Including you?" Shasi really couldn't imagine how one person could have multiple lives? He had never heard of it.

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Yes, including us, we all have five lives now. If you join the Blood Killing Sect in the future, you will also have five lives. This is a benefit of the Blood Killing Sect. , the first life is our original life. If we are killed, as long as the body is not too damaged, our identity card will emit black light, turning us into a clan of undead. In the Blood Killing Sect, Here, the undead clan is an independent race. They have their own training methods, which are the same as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This is the second life. If even this life is lost, there is still the seed of life. , in the Blood Killing Sect, everyone's body will be planted with life seeds. When the current two lives are lost, the life seeds will be activated, and then re-form your body. This is the third The first life, the fourth life is our external incarnation. When the third life is also lost, our soul will automatically wake up in our external incarnation. This is our fourth life. , and the fifth life is the most mysterious, because the fifth life is called the energy array clone. No one has used this life until now, only when the incarnations outside the body are completely destroyed. Only then will the fifth life be used, but in my opinion, that is almost impossible, because our external incarnation is almost impossible to be destroyed."

Speaking of this, Elder Jiuling paused for a moment, and then said: "It is precisely because of this that the elder's opinion was supported by so many people. However, the sect finally decided to give it to the sect first. Train inside, and then find out how to defend against self-destruction. Don’t ask me where I train, I won’t tell you. That’s the secret of the sect. Before you become a disciple of the sect, if I really tell you This secret, not only will you be unlucky, but I will be unlucky too."

Sha Sitian listened blankly to what Elder Jiuling said. After Elder Jiuling finished speaking, he looked at Elder Jiuling and said, "Sir, if everything you said is true, then the Blood Killing Sect is really too powerful." It's terrible. The Blood Killing Sect has more than 60 billion disciples, but the first person among these 60 billion disciples all has five lives. So in total, there are more than 300 billion disciples. How terrible is this? Such a force, I’m afraid no one in this world can be the opponent of the Blood Killing Sect, right?”

Jiu Linglao was stunned for a moment. He really had never thought about it that way, but then his expression changed, and then he said in a deep voice: "You are right, but even the Blood Killing Sect with such power is still against the shadow." The Shadow Clan is very fearful, and it can be seen from this point how powerful the Shadow Clan is. It seems that we have indeed thought of things too simply before."

When Bafang and the others heard what Jiuling Lao said, their faces all changed. They also suddenly remembered that the Blood Killing Sect had always been very afraid of the Shadow Clan, but now they thought about how powerful the Blood Killing Sect was. How terrible is it that despite his strength, he is still so afraid of the Shadow Clan? When they thought of this, Bafang and the others' faces became even more gloomy.