c7654 magic circle

This time the Blood Killing Sect took a longer time to rest and recuperate. There were five days in total. During these five days, the Blood Killing Sect, from the elders to the disciples, were all learning how to add the kind of flying sword that could The automatic attack circle, at the same time, Shenlong Hall is also working hard to make Mantianhuo. Of course, some of the original Mantianhuo are reserved for future use, but now they want to make this new Mantianhuo. , for the convenience of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Five days is not a long time, but the powerful manufacturing ability of the Blood Killing Sect made the Blood Killing Sect fully prepared. Then the Blood Killing Sect directly began to attack the Shenlonghai Kingdom. The entire Blood Killing Sect After Zong's army was assembled, it began to advance directly.

At this time, Old Jiuling and the others had all arrived at the frontline headquarters of the Blood Killing Sect. They were standing with Sun Buyu and the others, looking at the radar screen of the Blood Killing Sect. There was really nothing on the radar screen now. It looked good, so a few people were chatting.

Sun Buyu looked at Elder Jiuling and the others, and said, "Elder Jiuling, have your injuries fully recovered? You don't have to worry about the things here, we can handle it." Sun Buyu and the others really didn't expect that , Mr. Jiuling and the others actually arrived at the front line so quickly. Their injuries had just recovered. I originally wanted them to rest for a while, but I didn't expect that they would come so quickly.

When Elder Jiuling heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Don't worry, Elder Sun, we have all recovered. What happened this time was because we were careless. We didn't listen to your advice, but it was precisely because That’s why I want to come here even more, because I want to see with new eyes that we have killed the Dragon Sea Kingdom and killed the Dragon King with blood.”

Jiang Shenglin looked at Elder Jiuling and said in a deep voice, "Didn't Elder Jiuling always want to leave more inheritance to the Hai Clan? Why have you changed your mind now?" Jiang Shenglin knew very well what Elder Jiuling had thought before; I want more sea people to join the Blood Killing Sect and become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so that I can leave more inheritance for the sea people.

However, what he said also meant that he was asking questions knowingly. It was actually very obvious why Old Jiu Ling and the others changed their minds. The losses suffered by the Sea Clan last time were too great. Now some people who were killed by those in the last incident The Sea Clan killed by the crazy Sea Clan already resented Old Jiu Ling in their hearts. If Old Jiu Ling still wanted to save those Sea Clan, he was afraid that even those Sea Clan members would not agree if he joined the Blood Killing Sect.

Old Jiuling also knew that Jiang Shenglin and the others were a little dissatisfied with him. He was also very impatient. What he did before was indeed wrong, so he could only smile bitterly and said: "It's useless. Those sea tribes are now gone." They are completely controlled by the Dragon King. As long as the Dragon King is willing, he will make them lose their minds at any time. In this case, we have no way to save them. Although I want to save them, I must do it for those who survived. For the sake of my clan, I am a member of the Sea Clan, but I am not the savior of the Sea Clan. Those Sea Clan have been completely controlled by the Dragon King, and there is nothing we can do."

Tang Yingyi glanced at Elder Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "It would be best if Elder Jiuling thought this way. The sect leader also said that the purpose of our Blood Killing Sect is to consider all living disciples and protect them as much as possible. Life." Tang Yingyi and others are dissatisfied with Old Jiuling mainly because of what happened last time. You must know that Old Jiuling and the others are still under the control of the frontline headquarters, and what happened during their visit was not Xiao, their frontline headquarters also has certain responsibilities.

Although the idea of ​​Elder Jiuling to save people was brought up at the battle meeting, none of them expected that the losses would be so heavy. One of the most important reasons was that the people of the Sea Tribe, Without any precautions, they directly arrived at the enemy's side and wanted to use the magic circle they carried with them to bring the enemy into the Xuanwu Sea. This was the real reason for their heavy losses.

In the eyes of Tang Yingyi and the others, Old Jiu Ling and the others seemed to have gone crazy. They were sure of one thing and insisted on saving those people from the Hai tribe. In the end, they almost got themselves involved and even hurt them. So they were always angry in their hearts, and naturally they became less polite after speaking.

Jiuling Lao nodded and said nothing. The last injury also made him completely sober. He found that he really took himself too seriously before. If he didn't take himself so seriously, Otherwise, they wouldn't have made so many mistakes, so now he had to listen to whatever Tang Yingyi and the others said and had no way to refute them.

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Okay, this matter has passed, let's not talk about it anymore, let's talk about the next battle. I think there are not too many people under the Dragon King now, but the more In this way, we have to be more careful. The last time the enemy attacked us, they used the curse technique, but that thing was of no use to us. I suspect they will use other methods to attack us again, for example, Explode."

As soon as Sun Buyu said this, Jiang Shenglin and the others stopped talking. They also knew that they couldn't go too far. After all, Old Jiuling and the others would all be their own people in the future. If they went too far, everyone's future would be ruined. They couldn't save face, so as soon as Sun Buyu changed the topic, they also changed the topic immediately. Jiang Shenglin said: "It is indeed possible. As long as they are monks, they can self-destruct. It is not just the agouti family. It will self-destruct. If the Dragon King really controls those sea people to self-destruct, it will be very troublesome. After all, many sea people are very large and will be very powerful when they self-destruct. We really need to guard against this."

Old Jiu Ling and the others all nodded, and their faces became very ugly at the same time. Self-destruction is a very cruel way to die. After death, there are really no bones left. They were plotted by those sea tribes before. At that time, many sea clansmen blew themselves up. Those sea clansmen who blew themselves up killed many disciples at once. How could they not be impressed?

Wang Erzhuo said: "Don't we have flying swords that can automatically attack them? Can we attack them from a distance and just block them without giving them a chance to fight in close combat? If it's really close combat, if they explode themselves, I'm afraid Even our armor cannot completely defend against their self-destruction attacks, and the disciples will be seriously injured even if they die."

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "Although long-range attacks can kill them, it is impossible to completely block them. My idea is that we can cooperate with the magic circle to deal with them. We didn't use the magic circle to deal with them before. We want our disciples to feel what it’s like to fight in close combat with the Sea Clan, but now I think it’s no longer necessary. I wonder what everyone thinks?”

Chen Chu immediately understood what Sun Buyu meant. He looked at Sun Buyu and said: "What you mean is that Zong Rang's disciples' melee combat in naval combat can be regarded as a training, and it can be carried out directly in the real illusion. There is no need to do it in the real illusion. Put it in the sea and fight against the real sea people? Because those sea people may self-destruct and cause greater damage to our disciples? But is that so?"

Sun Buyu nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. In fact, we have already seen the methods used by the Sea Clan. They have even used curse techniques. I really can't see it. They also have new methods, so I think there is really no need to engage in close combat with them now. Not only will we not learn anything, but it will also increase a lot of unnecessary casualties."

Everyone nodded, and Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "I also agree. We will be in command here on the front line. I think that's what we have decided. But if we do this, we will have to trouble Elder Jiu Suan. Elder Jiu Suan, What do you think?" Old Man Jiuling has also been staying at the front line, but because the Blood Killing Sect has been fighting the enemy in close combat and has not used the magic circle, he has not said anything.

Now when he heard what Jiang Shenglin said, he nodded and said: "No problem. If you really want to use the magic circle to deal with the enemy, I have no problem here. You can do it at any time." For Elder Jiu Suan, arranging the magic circle The formation was really too simple for them, so he wasn't worried at all.

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Then what magic circle do you think is the most suitable for us to use this time to deal with the enemy?" Although Sun Buyu thought of using the magic circle to deal with the enemy, he had no idea about the magic circle. My understanding of magic is still too shallow, so I have to listen to the advice of the old man Jiu Suan on what magic circle to use.

The old man Jiu Suan said in a deep voice: "I think it is best to use the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation. In fact, I think we used the Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation wrongly before. The Five Elements Ultimate Killing Formation is very powerful and can It is said to be ever-changing, but if it is just there, it will be too conspicuous. We can completely set up a phantom array outside the Five Elements Ultimate Array so that the enemy cannot discover the existence of the Five Elements Ultimate Array, and then Depending on the environment, different energy kills are used to make the Five Elements Killing Formation more targeted, so that the power of the Five Elements Killing Formation will definitely become more powerful."

When Sun Buyu and the others heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then several people nodded involuntarily. Sun Buyu even said: "Okay, let's use the Five Elements Killing Formation. How to set up the formation?" , it’s up to you, Elder Jiu Suan, all of us will obey your command, how about it, Elder Jiu Suan, what are we going to do next?”

Sun Buyu is very clear about the status of Old Man Jiusuan in the sect. He is also the leader of the clan, and the Jiu Shugui clan is different from the Hai clan. They are Zhao Hai's servant race, and they are a race that can definitely be trusted. Of course, The status of their race in the Blood Killing Sect is also very high.

The old man Jiu Suan said in a deep voice: "Now we must make some adjustments to the sect's formation. Now our formations are all battle formations, not magic formations. Some adjustments must be made. If the enemy is discovered after Although it is possible to make adjustments, there is no guarantee that the power of the formation will be fully exerted, so it is best to make adjustments now."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.