c7658 I want to understand

Sha Sitian looked at them and said with a smile: "I see that there is nothing to worry about. If the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is really that strong, then the Blood Killing Sect will not survive until now, no matter what How about it? We are all members of the Blood Killing Sect. The more powerful the Blood Killing Sect is, the better it is for us. I really don’t understand why your faces are so ugly? Is it because Those sea people who were killed?"

Having said this, Sha Sitian paused for a moment, and then said: "Those Hai tribe members who were killed, what's there to sympathize with? They are no longer Hai tribe people. Even if they are not killed by the sect today, they will be killed sooner or later." If you become a member of the Shadow Clan, what's there to sympathize with? If you can't save them, then don't save them. Just treat them as enemies. Are there not many cases of killing each other in the Sea Clan? Just the races that have been exterminated. How much? Just think of this as a major reshuffle of the Sea Clan."

Sha Sitian was very thoughtful, and when he said this, Old Jiu Ling and the others were all stunned. Then they thought, yes, there have been internal fights in the Hai Clan before, although the scale was not large. , but every time there is internal fighting, almost a race will be exterminated, and the race mentioned here does not refer to those weak races, but to some powerful races, just like the original King Squid Clan, they Being exterminated, although on the surface, it seems that only one race has been exterminated, but in fact it is not the case. In fact, the King Squid clan was exterminated, and there were several races that were exterminated together, because every powerful one Every race will be surrounded by several vassal races. Once something happens to this powerful race, trouble will follow from these vassal races. Therefore, not just one or two races will be wiped out in the Sea Tribe, but Some small races will have one characteristic, that is, they have a large population, so the total number of the sea races that were wiped out will definitely not be small.

When they thought of this, Jiuling Lao and the others suddenly felt much better, and in their opinion, what Sha Sitian said really made sense. They had now joined the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect was becoming more and more powerful. The stronger they are, the more benefits they have. What else do they have to be dissatisfied about now?

Old Jiuling smiled bitterly, then turned to look at Sha Sitian, and then said in a deep voice: "We still haven't corrected our problems. We always unconsciously regard ourselves as Hai Clan people, and even treat ourselves as Hai Clan people. I think of myself as the savior of the Hai Clan people, but this is actually not necessary at all."

When Sha Sitian heard what Mr. Jiuling said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Sir, I don't think you need to think that way. We have now joined the Blood Killing Sect, so naturally we must regard ourselves as members of the Blood Killing Sect. Yes, we are the Sea Clan, but don’t forget that there are also Sea Clan in the Blood Killing Sect. The Sea Clan in the Shenlong Sea Kingdom have been affected by the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws. They can no longer be regarded as the Sea Clan. They are actually a vassal of the Shadow Clan, and we are the real Sea Clan. They are our enemies. We and them have been completely different for a while. If the Dragon King really still regards us as the Sea Clan, he will There will be no curse planted on us, so there is no need for you to think that way. It is enough for you to just remember that you are an elder of the Blood Killing Sect."

Old Jiuling nodded, and then said with a wry smile: "Those of us, we don't understand it as well as you, the last person who joined the Blood Killing Sect, that's all, don't think so much, and we won't think like this in the future, either. Let’s talk about the next battle. Now we are very close to the Dragon Palace. I am afraid that after two attacks, we can officially enter the range of the Dragon Palace, and the Dragon King can It operates within the scope of the Dragon Palace, which means that after two attacks, we may have to directly take over the Dragon King. What do you think about this?"

Bafang said in a deep voice: "I think we should tell Elder Sun and others about this matter. Although they know that the Dragon Palace should be in front, they are not very clear about how far it is from the Dragon Palace, so we should tell this news Let them make some preparations in advance.”

Old Jiu Ling nodded and said, "Yes, that's exactly how it should be, but the current strength of the Sea Clan should not be much, right? In my opinion, the total strength of the Sea Clan now is probably 300 million." , if the Dragon King sends them out to fight against the sect, I'm afraid that by the time the sect's army arrives at the Dragon Palace, he will be the only one left."

Bafang and the others were stunned for a moment, and then Tu Ying said: "Sir, you mean that the Dragon King might shrink all his troops to the Dragon Palace to fight the Blood Killing Sect to the death? Is this possible?" Tu Ying really said He couldn't believe it. In his opinion, the possibility of the Dragon King choosing to do this was not high.

Tu Ying has been following the Dragon King for many years. He knows very well what kind of person the Dragon King is. The Dragon King is definitely a very selfish person. If he can sacrifice others, he will not let himself suffer any loss. If If the Dragon King really concentrates all his troops in the Dragon Palace, then by then, he will have to fight with those people, and maybe take care of those people. This may not be what the Dragon King will do.

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "I doubt that the Dragon King will do this, because he only has so few troops in his hands now. If he stands in front of our Blood Killing Sect, he will only be wiped out by our Blood Killing Sect. At that time, there may not be many troops in his Dragon Palace, and he will not have many helpers, so I doubt that the Dragon King will really gather everyone into the Dragon Palace, which is very possible."

Tu Ying thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "The Dragon Palace can be said to be the Dragon King's home. I heard that in the Dragon Palace, the Dragon King can get certain blessings. He can even use the Dragon Palace as a magical weapon. , I don’t know if it is true or not. If it is true, then he may directly send everyone out, and he will wait for us to attack in the Dragon Palace. Sending those people out has two advantages, one is There is no need to take care of those people. Secondly, we can use those people to consume some of the strength of our Blood Killing Sect. The remaining people are not weak races, but they are all races with strong fighting power. Dragon King doesn’t know If our Blood Killing Sect disciples have a few lives, he might send those people out to consume our Blood Killing Sect’s combat effectiveness.”

When Elder Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought for a while, then nodded and said: "It is possible, so let's tell Elder Sun all these two possibilities. What will happen in the end?" The decision still depends on Elder Sun, what do you think?" Elder Jiuling also felt that what Tu Ying said was reasonable, but he felt that if he were the Dragon King, he might gather everyone to the Dragon Palace, so He finally decided to report the matter directly. The final decision would depend on Sun Buyu and the others.

Everyone nodded, and Tu Ying said in a deep voice: "We, the Hai Clan, don't want to get together and ask for benefits from the sect, but we can make meritorious deeds. If we make more meritorious deeds, judging from the sect's rules, we won't have to ask for the benefits when the time comes. It will naturally fall on us. As for dividing the disciples of our various races into various branch halls, I don’t think that is a problem at all. In fact, the sect except Shenji Hall, Spiritual Beast Land, and Lingzhi Hall , and the Logistics Department, there are no separate halls in other places. We just live in different courtyards and are divided into different courtyards. It can basically be regarded as one family."

Everyone nodded, and now they have figured it out. Let’s separate. No matter what, they are all members of the Blood Killing Sect, and it is normal to separate. And in their opinion, in the Blood Killing Sect, they are Even if people are separated, they are just divided into various parts of the Xuanwu Sea. It is really nothing special. Every disciple has a portable teleportation array, and everyone can still move around each other. There is nothing to worry about.

Sha Sitian was listening quietly on the side. When he heard a few people say this, he almost understood how the Blood Killing Sect was going to deal with them. He had no objection at all to the way the Blood Killing Sect dealt with them. No, he is different from Jiuling Lao and the others. After he entered the Blood Killing Sect, he received great favor from the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect helped the Shark Tribe people to remove all the curses on them. Let him feel grateful to the Blood Killing Sect, so any decision made by the Blood Killing Sect is acceptable.

And he also heard it from the words of Old Jiuling and the others. He was afraid that Old Jiuling and the others originally wanted to form a group and seek benefits from the sect, but later changed their minds. If Old Jiuling and the others really thought that way, Then they are really stupid. With the blood killing sect's strength, how could they be threatened by them?

At this time, Old Jiuling also turned his head to look at Sha Sitian and said in a deep voice: "Old Sha, your shark clan has performed very well recently. It is precisely because you have performed very well that the sect will allow you. When you come here, you must restrain the people of the Shark Clan and don't act recklessly. The battle here in Shenlong Sea Kingdom seems to be over soon. When the battle is over, you can officially join the Blood Killing Sect. At this time, there must be no trouble."

Sha Sitian nodded and said: "Yes, sir, please rest assured that we will not act recklessly. The sect is so powerful. If we act recklessly, we are really looking for death. Therefore, sir, please rest assured. We will never mess around." The reason why Sha Sitian was still able to make waves even after the Dragon King's temperament changed drastically was because he was very aware of current affairs. Otherwise, he would have been finished long ago, so He would not be stupid enough to go against the Blood Killing Sect.

When Jiulinglao heard what Sha Sitian said, he couldn't help but blush secretly. If they could think as openly as Sha Sitian, then they would not have been warned by Zhao Hai before. Now it seems that they are still He really takes himself too seriously, far from what Sha Sitian thought. No wonder Sha Sitian was liked by Zhao Hai when he joined the Blood Killing Sect. This is not without reason. When he thought of this, Mr. Jiuling couldn't help but sigh. It seemed that he was really old.