c7652 new method

And something happened that left Tu Ying even more speechless. After Chang Jun said those words, there was a silence in the hall. No one spoke, as if they had nothing to say about this battle. This really made Tu Ying What's more, I don't know what to say. Judging from the behavior of those in the hall, it seems that they really have nothing to say.

At this time, Chang Jun glanced at everyone and said, "What? Don't you have anything to say? Bu Yu, tell me. You are a frontline commander. You should have something to say, right?" Chang Jun saw that there was nothing to say. When the person spoke, he directly named him, although he also felt that there was really nothing to say about this battle.

Sun Buyu stood up, clasped his fists at everyone and said: "I really don't have anything to say about this battle. I only want to say two points. First, our swimming fish sword is really powerful in the water. It's very useful, but I think our Fish Sword is still a bit too small. We can make it bigger. Although it may be difficult to control, the power is greater, and in the Fish Sword, More magic formations should also be added, so that the lethality will be greater. Second, the battle plan this time was perfectly arranged, and the enemy was immediately surrounded and eliminated. I think such a battle plan is very effective. It's very good, I want to take credit for Mr. Jin and his staff."

Hearing what he said, everyone else chuckled. Chang Jun also waved his hand, making him sit down, and then said: "What Bu Yu said is very reasonable. I also think that what he did this time The battle plan is very perfect. The chief of staff and his team should be credited with a great contribution. As for the swimming fish sword, I think it is feasible. Making the swimming fish sword larger and increasing its lethality is better than increasing the size of the swimming fish sword. The number of swimming fish swords is better.”

Everyone nodded. At this time, another person stood up. This person Tu Ying had never seen before, but he knew who this person was because he had seen this person's photo before. This person was Xue Sha. The leader of the Zong Shenlong Hall is well-known. He is the person who should not be ignored in the Blood Killing Sect, because Tu Ying knows that many good things in the Blood Killing Sect all come from the Shenji Hall. Likewise, Shenlong The church is also the largest branch of the Blood Killing Hall.

Wen Yuming stood up and said: "Everyone, I think our flying sword is still a little bit behind when we want to attack the enemy. That is, when we use the flying sword, we have to be distracted to control the flying sword." Sword, I think this is a waste for us Blood Killing Sect disciples, so we came up with a way to let our flying sword attack the enemy by itself."

As soon as they heard what Yu Ming said, everyone became excited. Everyone looked at Wen Yu Ming. Even Chang Jun immediately spoke: "Lao Wen, please tell me carefully, what do you want to do?" Chang Jun said Jun Jun is very clear. If they really come up with a method that allows flying swords to automatically attack targets, then they will save a lot of worry.

Wen Yuming nodded and said with a smile: "Our method is very simple. It is to use Mantianhuo and Feijian together. Add two magic formations to Mantianhuo and Feijian, and use The purpose of Mantianhuo attacking the enemy is not to kill a large number of enemies, but to apply the magic circle on Mantianhuo to those enemies. This is equivalent to marking those enemies, and our flying sword There will be an identification circle that will automatically identify those marks. When we release the flying sword, we can directly let the light brain control the flying sword to attack those enemies, and there will never be a wrong attack. What I said The optical brain does not refer to the optical brain on our external body, but to an ordinary optical brain that we put on the flying swords. It mainly controls the magic formations on the flying swords. This simple optical brain is actually very It’s so simple that you don’t need to inject soul into it.”

Upon hearing what Yu Ming said, Chang Jun couldn't help but be stunned. He immediately said to Wen Yu Ming: "You mean that after the flying sword is released, he can identify and attack the enemy by himself, and we don't have to worry about it at all. ? But if there is a light brain on the flying sword, will it affect the control of the flying sword by our external avatar?"

Wen Yuming shook his head and said: "No, the optical brain on the flying sword cannot actually be called an optical brain, but can also be called a program. It is used to identify ourselves and the enemy. It is completely affected by the light on our external avatar. The control of the brain can only be controlled by the light brain in our external body. When given permission, it will automatically attack the enemy. Normally it is of no use."

After hearing what Yu Ming said, everyone felt relieved. Now there are many programs in the brain of the Blood Killing Sect, but these programs generally have some special uses. Outside of the Blood Killing Sect disciples The light brain on the avatar is actually a clone, one of their clones, so it has no program, but this clone is just a brain. This brain wants to better control the external avatar and better help the blood. A disciple of the Blood Killing Sect needs various procedures to complete his mission. Only in this way can he better control the external incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect disciple and help the Blood Killing Sect disciples fight.

Chang Jun and the others clapped their hands vigorously. This function is too important, and this function can be used not only in the sea, but also in any place. As long as it is touched by those golden needles in their fire all over the sky, then The flying sword can automatically attack the enemy without them having to worry about it. This is equivalent to giving them an extra helper. This is of course very important to them, and everyone is naturally very excited.

Wen Yuming hugged everyone with a smile on his face, and then said: "And we have also set several forms of flying swords. As long as it is necessary, these flying swords can also change their forms, such as It is said that in the water, the flying sword can be used with metal or water-based magic arrays, or with earth- or fire-based blessing magic circles to attack the enemy. In other places, other magic circles can also be used to attack the enemy. , this will make Feijian more difficult to deal with."

Chang Jun laughed loudly and said: "Okay, great, Lao Wen, your Shenlong Hall has made great achievements again this time. Later, we will introduce this method to the whole sect, so that the disciples can become familiar with this method as soon as possible. With this method, it will be easier for us to deal with those sea tribes." Wen Yuming smiled slightly, hugged his fists at everyone, and sat down directly.

After Wen Yuming sat down, Chang Jun continued to speak: "In this battle, Mr. Jin and his staff also took the greatest credit. They did a good job. Their battle plan helped us a lot." , so that we, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, can understand what to do when we encounter any situation, please ask Mr. Zhen to say a few words to us." After saying this, he took the lead in applauding.

Everyone also applauded, and the elder Zhen also stood up and saluted everyone. After a while, the applause of the crowd calmed down. The elder Zhen looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "We, the Blood Slaughter Sect, each of us The division of labor is different, and everyone has their own things to do. The most important thing for our staff department is to make a battle plan. Of course, we must put all our thoughts on this aspect. In the past, our battle plan may still be There are all kinds of problems, and what we have to do now is to correct them all."

Everyone nodded and waited for Elder Zhen to continue. Elder Zhen looked at everyone and said, "Although our current battle plan may still have some flaws, we have begun to use another method to fight. The plan is made by simulating combat and then making countless calculations to create a combat plan. Although this method is not perfect, it is the method closest to real combat. Our staff department will also work harder, so please rest assured." After saying that, he gave everyone a fist and then sat down.

Everyone applauded vigorously. Tu Ying was also infected by the atmosphere and clapped his hands vigorously. To be honest, the way the Blood Killing Sect held meetings was really refreshing to him. Only now did he realize that he originally had no feelings for the Blood Killing Sect. He really only had a superficial understanding of it. It could even be said that he had almost no understanding of the Blood Killing Sect. This made him even more curious and full of curiosity about the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, Chang Jun stood at the main seat. He glanced at everyone, and then said: "What Mr. Zhen said is very good, but I think there is only one core point of what Mr. Zhen said, and that is that everyone has different division of labor. Everyone has their own things to do, and we just have to do our own things well, and then we will develop after we kill each other, right?"

Everyone agreed in unison, and Chang Jun then continued: "Okay, that's it for today's meeting. Let's go back and think carefully about what Mr. Zhen said, and at the same time, we should familiarize ourselves with what was proposed by Shenji Hall." New method, we will try to use this method in the next war, okay, let’s let it go.”

Everyone responded, then stood up and walked out. Tu Ying also followed Sun Buyu and the others. As they walked out, Sun Buyu said to Tu Ying: "Elder Tu, Elder Jiuling and the others have recovered from their injuries. They’re almost there, do you want to go see them?”

Upon hearing what Sun Buyu said, Tu Ying immediately nodded and said, "Really? Master Jiuling and their injuries have been healed? That's great. I'll go see them right away and say goodbye." After that, He saluted Sun Buyu and the others, then moved and disappeared from the spot.

Sun Buyu didn't take his actions seriously. Instead, he smiled slightly and led Jiang Shenglin and the others back to the frontline headquarters. They still had a lot of things to do, including the rotation of disciples and the new flying sword method. Promotion, they have to watch a little bit of these, and they also have to prepare for the next attack. They are very busy.

Especially for the promotion of the new method of using Feijian, this is very important, and Chang Jun also said that he will strive to fully use this method during the next attack. If they don't seize the time, If they don't keep an eye on it, I'm afraid that the new method of using Feijian won't be able to be used directly during the next attack. Therefore, after they go back, they must keep an eye on this matter and make sure that the disciples are able to use it in the shortest possible time. Within a short period of time, you will learn this method.