c7651 confidence

The battle is still going on. The Blood Killing Sect's army has completed the encirclement of the Hai Clan army. The Hai Clan army also discovered this. Just when they were about to retreat, they suddenly found that countless flying swords appeared in front of them. Behind their army, those flying swords were the same flying swords that were knocked away by them before. Now those flying swords came back and blocked their retreat. This made the people of the Sea Clan extremely surprised. They began to Attack those flying swords desperately, trying to find a way out.

Just after they finally fended off the flying swords, they suddenly discovered that a large number of enemies appeared in front of them. These enemies turned out to be strange fish. These strange fish actually had four legs, and he The two long legs are very strange. One looks like the big claw of the crab family, and the other is the hammer of the mantis shrimp family. The tails of these strange fish are very long and look like Incredibly weird.

As soon as those strange fish appeared, they immediately launched an attack on the sea tribe's army. As soon as the sea tribe's army got into contact with these strange fish, they immediately discovered that the strength of these strange fish was extremely powerful, and they could not break through it. The defense lines of these strange fish, as well as the other three lines of the Blood Killing Sect, also pressed forward with all their strength. Suddenly, the Hai Clan's army was surrounded by enemies on all sides, and there was almost no hope of escaping.

Tu Ying was watching this situation from behind. When he saw the alien clan appearing behind the Hai Clan army, he couldn't help but sigh. He knew very well the fighting power of the alien clan. The combat power of the alien clan was very powerful. It is almost impossible for the clan to break through the defense line of the alien clan. It seems that the people of the Blood Killing Clan are cruel this time and must keep these sea clan, so they also transferred the alien clan. Come over.

However, after he thought about it, he could understand that the alien clan had been staying in the Dark Trench before, but now that the Dark Trench has been almost explored and there is nothing left, then naturally they don't need to stay there anymore. The reason for staying there in the first place was to look for an opportunity to directly attack those sea tribes. Isn't this the opportunity now? By leaving these Sea Clan here, some of the Sea Clan's vitality will be wiped out, and the Sea Clan will be even less able to fight back. This is exactly what the Blood Killing Sect wants to see.

Tu Ying also knew that he would have nothing to do in this war. He had no chance to participate in such a war, so he stopped directly and looked at the battlefield in front of him quietly. He was very worried. It is clear that those sea tribes are finished. Unless there are strong reinforcements, it is impossible for those sea tribes to escape.

While he was thinking this, he suddenly felt an extremely powerful momentum coming from the direction of the Dragon Palace, which was in the direction of the battlefield. This momentum was extremely powerful, and it rushed straight towards him. It seemed that he was going to attack the enemy. Here on the battlefield, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are attacking.

Tu Ying's face couldn't help but change. He could clearly feel that this power was the power of the Dragon King. Only the Dragon King had such great power. As he was reminding him, he felt an equally powerful power coming from the Blood Killing Sect. Li rose up, and what surprised him was that this power did not seem to be Zhao Hai's power, which surprised him very much.

Just when he was surprised, he suddenly discovered that the force in the Blood Killing Sect rushed forward. He didn't see anyone at all, so he immediately took out the radar. He wanted to see, Who was the person who sent out this power? When he took out the radar, he immediately discovered that there was a person standing on the outermost edge of the battlefield, closest to the Dragon Palace. He stood there quietly, wearing a There is nothing special about the armor.

If there is anything special, it is the weapon in his hand. He is holding two sledgehammers and standing there quietly. At this moment, a huge dragon head hits the battlefield. Coming over, this faucet is made entirely of water, but it is black and looks particularly ferocious.

The faucet hit the man. When the man saw the faucet, he also waved the sledgehammer in his hand and struck it with a hammer. Hearing a loud bang, the sledgehammer hit the faucet directly. For a moment, the dragon's head shook, and then disappeared. The man holding the sledgehammer was also hit and flew backwards, flying nearly a hundred meters before stopping.

After stopping, he waved his hand. It seemed that his arm was numb, but it seemed to get better soon. Then he glanced around, and then disappeared in a flash. This immediately made Tu Ying realize that that person must be the master of the Blood Killing Sect, and he was specifically designed to deal with the clone of the Dragon King.

But he really didn't expect that the masters of the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful. This surprised him extremely. But what surprised him even more was the performance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He can guarantee that those Blood Killing Sect's disciples would be so powerful. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must have felt the aura of the Dragon King's clone, because he could feel the momentum even while standing behind the army, let alone the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect on the battlefield in front of the army.

However, none of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated or stopped. They were still attacking the Sea Clan with all their strength, as if they had not felt the momentum at all and were still attacking with all their strength. Attacking those sea tribes made Tu Ying extremely surprised.

Tu Ying was sure that they felt it, they just didn't react. This was what surprised Tu Ying the most. He knew very well that the reason why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect behaved like this was because those bloody The disciples of the Killing Sect all know that nothing will happen to them. They have extremely strong confidence in their sect. They believe that the sect will definitely send out masters to repel the momentum that attacks them and will not affect them. They, that's why they behave like that.

Looking at the looks of those people, Tu Ying really didn't know what to say. He found that his understanding of the Blood Killing Sect was still too little. He decided that after returning, he must spend more time understanding The Blood Killing Sect can shorten the training time. Anyway, when the strength reaches his level, it is no longer easy to improve one level.

This battle lasted for more than twenty hours in total. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect kept attacking the sea clan. In the end, not a single one of the sea clan army escaped. They were all killed by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They were eliminated. Such a result was within Tu Ying's expectation, and it also allowed him to truly experience the horror of the Blood Killing Sect for the first time.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect retreated, he also arranged for the people in his clan, and then retreated to the frontline headquarters. When he got there, he saw that Sun Buyu and the others were listening to the report of his subordinates, nothing more than Some of the casualties. The Sea Tribe people they faced this time were also crazy. However, because of their experience, their casualties were not very large. When he heard that the Blood Killing Sect only had tens of thousands of casualties, Tu Ying really There is a feeling of going crazy.

The army sent by the Sea Clan this time amounted to 50 million. Although the Blood Killing Sect's army was superior in number, there were only such a few casualties. This is really unjustifiable, right? This also made him understand for the first time the terrifying nature of the Blood Killing Sect's battle formation.

Sun Buyu also saw Tu Ying's arrival. He nodded to Tu Ying, and then waved his hand to ask the reporting staff to retreat. After the staff retreated, Sun Buyu smiled at Tu Ying. Said: "Elder Tu, you arrived very quickly. Just in time, come with me to the main hall for a while. After every battle, we have to go to the main hall for a while. This is also the practice of our Blood Killing Sect. Let's go Bar."

Tu Ying didn't say anything, nodded, and then followed Sun Buyu and the others to the Blood Killing Sect's main hall. As soon as they arrived at the Blood Killing Sect's main hall, they found that all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect had arrived. Everyone was discussing the battle there, but there was not much excitement on their faces. They just seemed to be talking about a normal thing, as relaxed as discussing what to eat tonight.

Tu Ying looked at the core elders, and his heart felt cold for no reason. He felt scared. He didn't feel that these core elders were cold. In fact, as a superior, if you can't be so calm, Then you can't be a good leader at all, so he is not afraid because of this incident. What he is really afraid of is the attitude of these elders. They are too calm, as if they are fighting against the bloody sect. Winning this battle is nothing special at all, just like eating and drinking, it is something that should be done.

Tu Ying knew very well that this actually represented a kind of self-confidence, a kind of self-confidence that came from the bones. They believed that they must be the final winner. They never thought that they would fail. They felt that their victory was Of course, that's why they behave like this.

This kind of self-confidence cannot be developed overnight. It requires long-term cultivation. Only long-term cultivation can give him such confidence. That's why Tu Ying was shocked because he knew very well. , an army with this kind of confidence is almost invincible, because this kind of confidence will allow them to burst out with unimaginable power in adversity, so an army like this must not be provoked.

Chang Jun was standing at the front of the hall at this time. When he saw that everyone had arrived, he said: "Okay, everyone has been quiet for a while. Let's talk about the situation of this battle. Well, this time we defeated the enemy. Is there anything you want to say about this battle?"

His tone was also very calm, as if he was asking everyone if tonight's meal was delicious. This performance made Tu Ying speechless for a while. That was 50 million people, 50 million enemies, directly They were wiped out by them. Although they were a superior force and completely wiped out the enemy, was it too much for you to act so calmly? Can't you act a little happier?