c7668 curse

Under the attack from several sides, the black mist was slowly retreating. At this moment, countless sea tribes suddenly appeared on the edge of the black mist and launched an attack on the sky-swallowing nets. Seeing this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, under the command of the captain, all released flying swords to attack those sea tribes. After releasing the flying swords, they also pounced on them and killed them head-on. It finally started.

Attack, attack non-stop, everyone is attacking desperately. At this stage, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect no longer pay attention to any formations, they are just attacking, and they can see that there are many formations outside their bodies. Fa Xiang, attacked those sea clans. Although those sea clans were powerful and large in size, after the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect released Fa Xiang, they were not small in size. It was not easy to attack those sea clans. Don't suffer.

Old Jiuling and the others were all dumbfounded. They had really never seen the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fight in such a form. In their opinion, the fighting power of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could only be considered average. The reason why they can defeat so many people is because they cooperate very well, but now it seems that it is not just that. Not only do they cooperate well, but their personal strength is also very strong, especially when they fight with all their strength. When they let go of their own strength and started attacking with all their strength, their strength was indeed extremely surprising.

Elder Jiuling finally couldn't help but said to Sun Buyu next to him: "Elder Sun, what's going on?" Of course he was talking about the appearance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He looked at the disciples who had been killed by blood. , turned into metal giants one by one, how could they not be surprised, that's why he asked.

Sun Buyu looked at this situation and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "It's okay, it's really okay. These metal giants are actually the Dharma of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. When the Dharma is combined with the incarnation outside the body, such an effect will occur. These Dharma Appearances are still controlled by our Blood Slaughter Sect disciples, and our Blood Slaughter Sect disciples are within the bodies of these Dharma Appearances."

When Jiuling Lao heard what Sun Buyu said, he couldn't help being surprised. He then said: "How can this Dharma be so powerful in such a late age? It's incredible. Why didn't everyone use Dharma to fight in the past?" Sun Buyu really Some people can't understand why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect didn't use the Dharma to fight before. This Dharma is so powerful. If they directly use this Dharma to fight, the effect will be better and it will cause greater casualties to the enemy.

Sun Buyu shook his head and said: "When fighting with the Fa Xiang, there are too many uncontrollable factors. The power of the Fa Xiang is very huge, and the attack power is also very huge. If you use the Fa Xiang to fight, in terms of coordination, it may be There will be some problems, and to be honest, even if our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fight without the Dharma Aspect, their combat effectiveness is still good. The reason why the Dharma Appearance is shown now is because the enemy's size is really too big, so they Fighting with Dharma signs does not mean that if they fight without Dharma signs, they will be at a disadvantage."

Old Jiuling nodded and said nothing. He saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect fighting with those sea clans. However, the combat effectiveness of those sea clans seemed to be greatly affected. Some sea clans even It didn't take a few blows before it turned into black smoke and disappeared.

Jiang Shenglin said with a smile: "It seems that our plan is very successful. The Swallowing Sky Net and Mantianhuo will still do a lot of damage to them. These sea tribes should have been transformed by the Dragon King in a short time. Yes, so there are still some shortcomings, and compared with the real Shadow Clan, they are still a little behind."

Tang Yingyi nodded and said: "Yes, it is indeed a little bit worse. The real Shadow Clan will never be defeated after just two hits. Now it seems that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws absorbed by the Dragon King , it shouldn’t be too much, otherwise he would have made a large number of Shadow Clan warriors.”

Sun Buyu said in a deep voice: "He can't absorb too much of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Don't forget, we have been chasing the power of the Shadow Clan's laws for several interfaces, and we have eliminated so many of them. There are only some remnants left, and they fled to the Dragon Realm. The Dragon King should have been controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws a long time ago, but they were overtaken by us before they could fully invade the Dragon Realm. , ruined their plan, and they had to mobilize more power to deal with us. After being eliminated by us, their power became weaker and weaker, and they were even less able to support the Dragon King, so the Dragon King has never been able to completely control it. Here in the Dragon Realm.”

Several people all nodded. Sun Buyu looked at the situation on the radar screen and said in a deep voice: "If it really looks like this, then the next time we enter the world of heaven and humanity, we may encounter the power of the Shadow Clan Law. will be weaker, then we have nothing to worry about.”

Several people nodded at once, and their eyes shone brightly. In their opinion, if there really is not much power of the Shadow Clan's laws in the world of gods and humans, then when they enter the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, they will If they pass the test easily, then even if they capture the Tianlong Babu Realm, they will have an easy time.

At this time, the battle on the radar screen had almost decided the winner. Although it didn't last long, those sea tribes really couldn't withstand the Blood Killing Sect's attack. The Blood Killing Sect's attack was too fierce. Not only did the disciples release the Dharma, but those flying swords also gave those sea tribes a headache. You must know that those flying swords all carried Buddha power, and their bodies were still stained by the fire that filled the sky before. Needles, those needles were constantly consuming their strength, greatly affecting their combat effectiveness.

Seeing this situation, Sun Buyu couldn't help but smile on their faces, and then he said in a deep voice: "Elder Ding and the others are asked to be prepared. If the other party really has experts to come forward, please ask Elder Ding and the others to take action and kill those Even though our disciples have Dharma status, they are still far behind the real masters."

A staff officer responded immediately, and then turned around and left. Sun Buyu looked at the screen and said in a deep voice: "I don't believe that such an attack can't lead the Dragon King out. I think it's fast. The Dragon King will definitely It will come out as soon as possible, for sure." Several other people also nodded, and they also felt that it was almost time for the Dragon King to appear.

Just when they entered, a dragon roar came, which shocked the spirits of several people, but then they saw countless white figures suddenly appearing in the black mist, and then suddenly emerged from the black mist. He rushed out and attacked them. When he saw those figures, Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment. Then his face couldn't help but change, and he said in a deep voice: "Good guy, I really didn't expect that this Dragon King actually learned how to do it." This move is not bad, it’s really good.”

The reason why he said this was because the figures that rushed out were not monks, but skeletons. Those figures were all members of the undead clan. Sun Buyu couldn't help but be surprised. He really didn't expect that now the Dragon King could use the undead clan to attack them.

But then they thought about it, and they understood that when the Necromancer clan fought against the Shadow Clan's power of law, they suffered a big loss at the beginning, and were almost assimilated by the Shadow Clan's power of law. Now, not only the undead clan, but also the alien clan is like this. Therefore, it is very normal for the shadow clan's power of law to be able to use the undead clan. They should also be able to turn the corpses of animals into the undead clan. .

At this time, a burst of sirens came from the sudden command headquarters. Upon hearing this sound, Sun Buyu was stunned for a moment, but then his expression changed. He immediately said loudly: "Send the order, level 2 alarm, enemy. There is a powerful curse on his body. This curse only appeared after the undead clan appeared. It must be related to the undead clan. Everyone must be careful. I repeat, everyone must be careful about each other. The power of the curse."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone was stunned, and then they all nodded, and the staff officers went straight to pass the order. At this time, a figure appeared silently at the headquarters. He walked slowly to the screen, glanced at the screen, and then smiled slightly and said: "These guys from the Shadow Clan finally have something. I’ve grown a little bit.”

Sun Buyu and the others thought at first that it was Jiuling Lao and the others who were squeezing over, so they didn't pay attention. Everyone's attention was focused on the radar screen. Now when they heard this sound, they were all stunned, and then They turned around and realized that the person walking over was actually Zhao Hai.

Sun Buyu and the others immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Meet the sect master." Sun Buyu really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would come over in person, so when they saw Zhao Hai, they were all stunned. Fortunately, they I haven't forgotten to salute, and Sun Buyu and the others are also very excited. Zhao Hai has appeared here, which means that Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the situation on the front line, which makes him relax a lot.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Okay, let's go. These undead people do have the power of curse on them, and they are very strong. It seems that I have to take action this time. I leave it to you to command the army." We still have to rely on us, but when the Dragon King appears, leave it to me to deal with it." After saying this, Zhao Hai disappeared.

Before Sun Buyu and the others could say a few words to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai had completely disappeared. Then they saw Zhao Hai's figure appearing on the front line. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand and a golden light appeared. Flying out from his hand, this golden light directly covered the undead clan inside. Then the golden light slowly gathered together and turned into a golden light group, and finally fell on Zhao Hai. In the hand, in this golden light group, there is a trace of black energy. The black energy seems to be alive, twisting and struggling, but there is no way to escape from the golden light group. He rushed out of it, only to be trapped inside by the light group. Although the undead clan were still moving, the curse alarm had disappeared.