c7666 attack

Five days later, the Blood Killing Sect's army gathered together. Sun Buyu stood in the headquarters, looking at the radar, and then he said to the staff officer next to him: "Open the public channel for me, I want to say a few words. "The public channel Sun Buyu mentioned is a communication channel that can be heard by all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. This channel is actually used a lot. The sect sometimes uses this channel when sending notifications.

The staff officer responded, and then immediately gave an order. All other staff officers in the room became busy. Soon the staff officer came to Sun Buyu, saluted Sun Buyu and said: "Commander, public channel It’s open, you can talk.”

Sun Buyu nodded, and then he came to the podium, where there was a magic circle. That was the magic circle that was preached on the public channel. Sun Buyu took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice: "All the Blood Killing Sect's Disciples, I am frontline commander Sun Buyu. After such a long and hard battle, we finally arrived outside the Dragon Palace City. Although we have not seen the Dragon Palace yet, we are already outside the Dragon Palace's sphere of influence. When we take one step forward, we will enter the scope of the Dragon Palace. Once we enter the scope of the Dragon Palace, we may encounter various battles that we cannot imagine. I hope all of you can be prepared to face this. In the final battle, use 120,000 points of mental strength. Don’t let yourself be harmed at the last moment. Preserve yourself and destroy the enemy. This has always been the purpose of our Blood Killing Sect. I hope everyone can always keep it in mind. .”

"The enemy we are facing now is the Dragon King, but there are also Sea Clan, and these people may have all been affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Everyone must remember that what we are facing may not just be a single person. It is the Sea Clan that exists, but the Shadow Clan. I hope everyone will not forget the abilities of the Shadow Clan. They can atomize their bodies to reduce our attacks. I think you all know how to deal with them. , remember, don’t treat them as ordinary Sea Clan, treat them like Shadow Clan, now, go forward, my warriors, go and occupy the entire Dragon Realm.”

His voice spread throughout the entire Blood Killing Sect through the public channel. In the Xuanwu Space, this voice echoed throughout the space. Not only the ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard it, but all the Sea Clan members also heard it. When they arrived, all the sharks who had not yet joined the Blood Killing Sect heard it. Sha Sitian was even more excited. He really regretted it now. He regretted why he did not join the Blood Killing Sect earlier. , failed to catch up with this final battle.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all coaxed and rushed forward. Although they were very excited, they still maintained their formation, and their formation was not chaotic at all. , Such a reaction also made Old Jiu Ling and others who were paying attention to the Blood Killing Sect army at the headquarters extremely surprised. They really did not expect that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect could still maintain such a good attitude at this time. So calm, it's really scary.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are constantly moving forward. Although their eyes are full of murderous intent and excitement, they are very careful and are always paying attention to the changes around them. The army moved forward steadily, but slowly the murderous aura gathered from their bodies, and finally turned into a murderous aura dragon, condensing in the sky above the army.

At this time, a dragon roar suddenly came. The sound was very loud. Following this sound, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt that a black cloud suddenly appeared in front of them, and on the Blood Killing Sect's radar On the screen, another situation appeared. Half of the radar screen suddenly turned into pitch black, and nothing could be seen. And that black color was still rushing towards the Blood Killing Sect army. It was as terrifying as a huge ocean tide that was about to completely engulf the Blood Killing Sect's army.

This was the first time for Mr. Jiuling and the others to see this situation. They couldn't help but be stunned. Mr. Jiu Ling even said, "What's going on? What is that?" They were really nervous. Because the momentum created by the Dragon King this time was really too great. In an instant, half of the radar screen was swallowed up. How could they not be surprised?

Sun Buyu had a calm expression on his face. He looked at the radar screen and said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect it. I guessed it right. I guess the Dragon King might transform some of the sea clan into shadows." The clansman did not expect that he actually did this and asked everyone to prepare. The people who will attack this time will definitely be the Shadow clan." A staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. After the order was conveyed, the blood The killing clan's army immediately stopped, and then everyone was ready to fight.

I saw countless armies, directly forming a formation. At the same time, a faint golden light appeared on everyone's bodies. This golden light not only appeared on their bodies, but also appeared on all their weapons. , and at the same time, the armor on their bodies all turned into pale gold, as if everyone had turned into pale golden statues.

But from their bodies, there was a trace of tranquility and peace, and at the same time, there seemed to be bursts of Sanskrit sounds resounding in the formation. Then the sounds became louder and louder, and the entire army immediately became fierce. Suddenly, from the tranquility and peace, a faint aura of chilling came out.

These are two completely different temperaments, but now they are all concentrated on them. This feeling is very weird, but it is real. The Blood Killing Sect disciples now feel very strange. They feel as if they have entered a very wonderful realm. Their spirits are extremely peaceful and peaceful, but their hearts are full of The killing intent made them feel very weird.

And at this sound, they saw a black mist appearing less than five miles in front of them. A series of extremely weird sounds came from the black mist. The sounds were like countless venomous snakes. He was spitting out snake letters, and it seemed like there were countless fish swimming non-stop in the sea. It was so weird that when people heard it, they felt the hairs on their body stand on end, and they were upset, and the whole person seemed to be irritable. stand up.

But fortunately, Sanskrit sounds came from time to time, and their spirits had been extremely peaceful. Only then could they suppress the irritability in their hearts and withstand the attack of this sound. The two sides were facing each other five miles apart, and the enemies were not There was no attack, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not attack either. The two sides seemed to be just confronting each other.

After a while, Sun Buyu saw that the other party really had no intention of attacking. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "You are smart, but do they really think that we can only defend and not attack? Send the order to the army and the Dharma Prime Minister to attack. I'm here." We want to see if they can withstand our attack."

The staff officer responded and immediately went to deliver the order. Following his order, long knives suddenly appeared in the sky in front of the Blood Killing Sect army. These long knives were all made of energy. The long knives The whole body is light gold, but in this light gold, there is still a hint of red, but there are countless scriptures and Buddhist seals on the blade.

As soon as these long knives appeared, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect shouted. As they shouted, the long knives flew directly from their heads and slashed towards the enemies. The speed was actually very fast. As soon as it was launched from the top of the heads of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, it was already in front of the black mist in the blink of an eye, and then directly entered the black mist, like little golden fishes. It's like entering a black sea.

As the long knife entered the black mist, the black mist was calm at the beginning, then slowly seemed to boil, began to fluctuate violently, and finally began to slowly calm down again, and the blood killing The disciples of the sect were not surprised, because countless pale golden long knives appeared above their heads, and these long knives rushed into the black mist.

The black mist fluctuated again, and finally calmed down. However, although the black mist calmed down, it shrank back about five miles, and the Blood Killing Sect's army immediately retreated when the opponent retreated. Five miles ahead, the two sides still maintained a distance of five miles, but Hei Wu obviously suffered a big loss under the long knife.

Then, long knives appeared one after another on the heads of the Blood Killing Sect army. Just when the long knives appeared and before they attacked the black mist, the black mist began to fluctuate again, and then countless The completely black Sea Clan jumped out of the black mist and rushed towards the Blood Killing Sect's army.

The bodies of these sea tribes are very huge. They are all black, only two eyes are red. When he saw the appearance of these sea tribes, Sun Buyu couldn't help but his eyes lit up, and then he laughed and said: "Okay , Hahaha, they finally came out, and as we expected, they are really from the Shadow Clan, hahaha, they finally couldn't bear it anymore."

Jiang Shenglin and the others also had happy faces, and then they directly enlarged the radar screen so that they could observe the situation on the front line more intuitively. Old Jiuling and the others also focused their attention, and they wanted to You have to know what the Shadow Clan is, because they have only heard of the Shadow Clan's power of law before, but have never seen it. This makes them very curious, and they want to see what the Shadow Clan's power of law is. What's it like?

Soon those sea tribes rushed in front of the Blood Killing Sect army. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately released countless flying swords. These flying swords were shining with a pale golden light, and they stabbed directly at the Sea Tribe people. When those flying swords stabbed at the Sea Tribe people, those The people of the Sea Tribe suddenly turned into a ball of black mist. The flying sword passed directly through the black mist. When the flying sword passed through, the black mist immediately condensed again and turned into a sea. The tribesmen still looked like they were killing the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and their aura was still extremely powerful and intimidating.