c7662 war

Facing the sudden magic attack, the black ring and the others were all stunned, but they had to face this attack, because these magic attacks were very powerful, and they were different from the magic attacks they imagined. It's completely different. All kinds of magic attacks are very powerful, and they can't attack them forcefully.

Black Ring and the others each used their own abilities, either blocking the magic attacks or giving way to the magic attacks. However, countless electric currents suddenly appeared around the bodies of the three moray eels. With a flash of this electric current, they were instantly All the spells attacking them were destroyed.

In the sea, the spells used by Sheng Si are naturally ice-based spells. When others use water-based spells in the sea but ice-based spells, they may become very difficult to control due to the blessing of sea water, but Sheng Si No, his control over magic is actually very powerful, because his mental power is much stronger than that of others.

Of course, Sheng Si's magic attacks are also different from other people's magic attacks. Under normal circumstances, Sheng Si's magic attacks are very simple. Sheng Si rarely uses that kind of magic attack. This kind of magic looks very shocking and very huge. He should be able to use that kind of magic, but in his opinion, that kind of magic is too wasteful, so under normal circumstances, he will not use it. Using that kind of magic.

Many people may be very surprised, why is Sheng Si not fond of such a powerful spell? This is actually very simple, because it is too wasteful. The waste here refers to the waste of energy. Take Meteor Fire Rain, which is very powerful in the eyes of ordinary people. This technique can be said to be A very powerful technique, but what is its function? It is a mixed technique of fire and earth elements. These two techniques are mixed together to form a huge fire cloud in the sky, and then countless boulders like meteors emerge from the fire cloud, burning, When it hits the enemy, it can release up to thousands of meteors at a time. The attack area is also very huge, and the power is also very huge. It can be said to be a famous ultimate move in the magic world.

But in Sheng Si's opinion, such a move is too wasteful, because it is a mixed technique, and it can be said that the mixed technique is not a very good one. Fire clouds appeared in the sky because of this. The mixture of these techniques was not very good. The fire cloud was actually composed of the burning sea of ​​fire and earth elements, and those meteors were actually huge stone balls slowly formed in the fire cloud. Then After being burned by the fire in the fire cloud, it will finally fall to the ground. In this process, most of the energy is wasted in the fire cloud, and only a small part of the energy is actually used to attack the enemy. .

When those meteors fall from the sky, it is difficult to control them. It can even be said that there is no way to control them. He is the kind of regional attack that attacks an area. As for wanting him to do it Accurate, that's almost impossible to do.

In Sheng Si's view, this method is really useless, because what you have to face is a living enemy, and living enemies can move. They will not stand there and wait. If you attack him, he will dodge and fight back. Therefore, in addition to dealing with those mortals who have no aura or destroying cities, spells like Meteor and Fire Rain are actually very practical in Sheng Si's opinion. It's too low.

But Sheng Si's techniques are different. His surgical techniques are all the simplest techniques, such as wind blades and ice picks. Although these techniques are very common, when used properly, they are very powerful. The power of his spells is very huge. The number of ice cones he releases will be large, and they can also be controlled by him. The most important thing is that the spells will also contain a variety of powers. Once he is used like this The magic hit was just like receiving a real blow from the monk, there was no difference.

This kind of spell control is more convenient, and the power is more concentrated. Once the power is completely concentrated, the power will naturally increase. If ordinary spells are used, it is absolutely impossible for the masters like Black Ring to do this. Fearful, but the spells released by Sheng Si made Heihuan and the others feel extremely fearful.

And Sheng Si's attack immediately disrupted the attacking rhythm of Hei Huan and the others. At this time, Ding Chunming and the others rushed over immediately. Hei Huan and the others were immediately at a disadvantage, and Sheng Si was not idle either. He kept attacking Black Ring and the others, and his key targets were the three moray eels.

Those three moray eels are capable of thunder and lightning spells. Their electric spells are very powerful. This was already evident from the previous strike. The power of that strike was so great that it directly destroyed Sheng Si's spells. The attack was completely blocked. Such strength was really surprising, so Sheng Si also focused on those three people.

Although the magic power of the three moray eels is also very powerful, compared with Sheng Si, the skills in using it are still far behind. It is precisely because of this that the three moray eels were directly used by Sheng Si. Si was held back by one person, but Sheng Si was even in the mood to use magic to support Ding Chunming and the others from time to time, causing chaos for Heihuan and the others.

After Heihuan and the others fought against Ding Chunming and the others, they immediately realized that something was not right. Ding Chunming and the others were very powerful, and Ding Chunming was the strongest among them. If Heihuan's movements were not very flexible, He is afraid that he has been injured by Ding Chunming. Even if he is not injured now, he is completely at a disadvantage.

The situation of the other three blue snakes was not very good. Those three blue snakes had to face five masters of the Blood Killing Sect. Two of the blue snakes were held back by two masters of the Blood Killing Sect. Four people The fight was inextricable, and it was no longer possible to decide the winner in a short period of time.

Only the last Blue Snake is the most unlucky, because he has to face the siege of three masters of the Blood Killing Sect. Although the battle has just started not long ago, the situation is already very dangerous. This is also a characteristic of the Blood Killing Sect. When they face the enemy, if the strength of both sides is about the same, they will use this method, first using one person or a few to kill most of the opponent's people. Hold on, then concentrate your strength to deal with several other enemies, destroy the other enemies, and then turn around to help others deal with the remaining enemies.

Their method is actually very simple, which is to first form a local advantage in military strength and eliminate the enemy, and then help others to form a local superiority in military strength and eliminate some of the enemies. In this way, slowly their The troops will have an absolute advantage, and when the time comes, they can directly destroy the enemy.

But if this situation doesn't work, then the masters among them will use all their strength to deal with the enemies they face first, and then attack other enemies with all their strength, wiping out all the enemies one by one. , so that their local advantages are established again.

Of course, this has a premise, that is, the masters of the Blood Killing Sect can indeed solve the opponent in a short time. Otherwise, this plan will not be formed, but the Blood Killing Sect disciples There are many methods, and with the help of external avatars, ordinary people really cannot be their opponents, so their method has always been very successful.

This is the situation now. Sheng Si directly held down the three moray eels. Although the three moray eels also formed a local strength advantage, they were unable to capture Sheng Si in a short time. In fact, if it continues, they will be defeated in the end, not Sheng Si.

On the contrary, when the three masters of the Blood Killing Sect attacked the blue snake, the blue snake was a little unable to withstand it. Although his movement was very flexible, especially in the sea, it was much better than the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the sect are too flexible with their body skills, but if they really face the people of the Blood Killing Sect, it would be impossible for him to rely on his body skills to keep dealing with the people of the Blood Killing Sect.

In fact, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are least afraid of opponents with good movement skills. In fact, he has traces of any movement technique. Generally speaking, it may be difficult to find some rules of these movements, but the Blood Killing Sect disciples are not afraid of them. The disciples of Zongzong are different. They have the help of optical brain. When they fight with the enemy, the optical brain will always calculate the enemy's movement route. As long as the data is enough, they will calculate the enemy's next move. When the time comes, they can launch an attack and eliminate the enemy in one fell swoop. This is the most terrifying thing about the incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect.

The current situation is like this. After such a long period of calculation, the optical brain has calculated the action pattern of the blue snake. They already know the position of the blue snake's next move. Of course, the action position they calculated has not Not one, but it doesn't matter. They are not one person. They sent one person to attack the most likely position, and the other two blocked several other possible positions, just like herding sheep. Go to the position where they want him to go, and then have someone waiting for him there. That is to say, they want the blue snake to hit the knife by himself.

The three people kept in contact while fighting the blue snake. They quickly made a plan, and then the three took action. Their plan was after ten moves. They can now confirm it. Ten moves. After that, the blue snake will definitely appear in that position. Although there are still a few positions that are possible, the other two people will seal all those positions after ten moves, so that he can only go to that position. Go, and a master is lying in ambush there, and kills the blue snake with one move.

Soon, the ten moves were over, and several masters of the Blood Killing Sect also launched their plans. Two of them directly blocked several possible hiding places of the blue snake. Of course, he also had to pretend Act casually, as if the move is like that, so that the blue snake will not become suspicious.

Sure enough, the blue snake did not become suspicious. Under the attacks of the two, he moved and dodged to a certain position. However, just as he had already made his move and moved, But suddenly he discovered that a master of the Blood Killing Sect appeared there, slashing at him with all his strength...