c7664 state of mind

At this time, those moray eels were also killed directly under the siege of Sheng Si and several other elders. Among them, Cheng Wanchun's force was also the greatest. Cheng Wanchun used It is also a physical training technique, but he is still a little inferior to Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming entered the Tao with strength, and now he can achieve both hardness and softness.

But Cheng Wanchun is not good enough. His talent is not as good as Ding Chunming's, his strength is not as great as Ding Chunming's, and his training time is not as long as Ding Chunming's. Therefore, he still cannot be as strong and soft as Ding Chunming, and he can lift his weight with ease. So he still lacks a lot, but his strength is already very good, and he also contributed a lot this time.

After wiping out these seven sea tribes, Ding Chunming waved his hand and collected the bodies of these people. Then he led Sheng Si and the others and disappeared directly. They were not going to the headquarters. They met Jiang Shenglin there because there was no need. They just came to deal with these seven sea clans. Now that these seven sea clans have been dealt with, they can just go back because they believe that Jiang Shenglin can definitely see their fighting situation. , so there is no need to see Jiang Shenglin again.

Jiang Shenglin and Old Man Jiusuan were indeed at the headquarters and saw the battle situation clearly through the radar screen. It was precisely because of seeing the battle situation clearly that Jiang Shenglin couldn't help but sigh: "It's really amazing, Elder Ding." Known as the second master of the Blood Killing Sect, they are indeed well-deserved. Elder Sheng Si and the others are also very strong and powerful. They are really amazing. This battle is really exciting. It should be made into a projection to show to all the disciples. Take a look at them all.”

The old man Jiu Suan smiled slightly and said: "If you want to do it, then do it. This battle is indeed very exciting, and all the disciples should see it." Jiang Shenglin nodded, and then started to make it directly. It was actually not difficult to make a projection of the content on the radar screen, so he finished it quickly. However, he did not plan to put this projection into the sect now and let the disciples Go and see, this matter must be approved by Zhao Hai.

After completing this matter, Jiang Shenglin glanced at the radar screen, and then said in a deep voice: "I don't know what the Dragon King is thinking. Does he want to send these masters to harass us all the time? If he really does this, then He made the wrong calculation, we have a lot of masters in the Blood Killing Sect, and if he does this, besides losing some masters in vain, I'm afraid it won't have any effect."

The old man Jiu Suan said solemnly: "The Dragon King doesn't have too many troops in his hands. Apart from this move, I'm afraid he has no other options. However, he may have other ideas when he does this. We still have to be careful. It's better for you." Jiang Shenglin nodded and didn't say anything. They couldn't know what the Dragon King was thinking. They could only rely on guessing, and they were not sure whether their guess was correct.

Jiang Shenglin ordered the staff officers to pay attention to the situation on the radar. He went directly to the side with Elder Jiu Suan and sat down. Then Jiang Shenglin said to Elder Jiu Suan: "Elder Jiu Suan, can you please give me Please tell me carefully how to practice this tea ceremony. I like tea, but I really know nothing about tea ceremony. Please give me some advice."

When the old man Jiu Suan heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "This is simple. Come, I will explain it to you. Tea ceremony can be called a method. It naturally has its own uniqueness. Tea ceremony is exquisite. There are many things, but they can generally be divided into four types: utensils, tea, water, and heart. Utensils are the utensils used to make tea. These utensils are not magical utensils, but they can also be said to be a kind of magical utensils. They don't need any magic circle, but the materials they use are also very particular. For example, the water for tea is best boiled in an iron kettle, and the fuel for boiling water is best made of pine cones. And different teapots are used to make different teas, and our Blood Slaughter Sect’s spiritual teas are also divided into many types..."

While the old man Jiu Suan was telling Jiang Shenglin, he took out a lot of utensils. There were many kinds of pots for boiling water, as well as other teapots, tea cups, and tea boats. They were all exquisite and made of various materials. There are all kinds of things, as well as tea leaves, water for making tea, etc., all of which are particular.

In Jiang Shenglin's view, it should be very simple for monks to make tea. Whether it is boiling water or using water, it can be solved with magic. However, the old man Jiu Suan believes that after lighting pine cones, the water will be burned with It is best to make tea, and it is best not to use magic to get the water for making tea directly. Although such water is clean and good, it is not suitable for making tea. The water for making tea is not suitable for making tea. It is best to have living water, but what is living water? Water lives because of the soil, which means that it must be water flowing on the soil. That is the real living water.

The water that Old Man Jiu Suan used to make tea was taken from a spring in the Xuanwu Space. He couldn't always go to the spring to get water. He didn't have that much time, but if he put the water directly into the space equipment, After a long time, the living water will turn into dead water, so he came up with a way to use a pottery urn to fill the water, and put some high-quality stones in the pottery urn. These stones are not spiritual stones, but They are some ordinary stones produced in the Lingshi Mine. These stones are of no use to ordinary blood-killing disciples. However, these stones, when placed in a pottery urn, can make the water in the pottery urn flow for a long time. Keep it active and use this water to make tea, which is the best thing.

The most important thing in making tea is actually the heart. This seems very mysterious to say, but it is actually very simple. The process of making tea is a process of refining the heart, the changes in the water flow, the degree of the flowers blooming, the tea leaves When to put it in and when to make the tea, these are all very particular, not to mention you have to make those tea sets. This process requires you to be patient, as long as you devote all your body and mind. When this happens, your mind will naturally calm down. Finally, when the aroma of tea rises and the tea soup enters your mouth, your state of mind will feel extremely peaceful. And in the future, when you practice, you will unconsciously Just bring this state of mind into practice, and this state of mind is actually the most suitable for practice.

Jiang Shenglin listened quietly to what the old man Jiu Suan told him. Finally, the old man Jiu Suan took out a few more pine cones and made a pot of water himself. When the water filled the eyes, he started to make tea, and finally made the tea soup. When he entered the mouth, Jiang Shenglin felt that although the taste of this tea soup was very light, it seemed to have washed all his internal organs, making his spirit unprecedentedly peaceful and his mind unprecedentedly clear. This feeling , it’s really amazing.

After a while, Jiang Shenglin slowly opened his eyes, then he stood up, saluted to Elder Jiu Suan and said, "Thank you, Elder Jiu Suan, for your advice. Today's cup of tea is really helpful to me." It’s very big. I will definitely study tea ceremony in the future and live up to the kindness of the elders’ guidance.”

The old man Jiusuan smiled slightly, stretched out his hand to help Jiang Shenglin, and said with a smile: "The tea recipe seems very simple, but it is also profound and profound. I am just getting started, but there is one thing you must pay attention to. , that is, you must not set too many rules for the way of tea. The way of tea is the way of nature, and the way of nature should be allowed to take its course. If you make the way of tea, set dead rules for every step, Then it can’t be called a tea ceremony. It will become a craft and a procedure without any sense of beauty. Maybe it looks beautiful to you, but in fact it has completely changed and become If it is a mechanical movement, it has long lost the divine essence of nature.”

Jiang Shenglin once bowed down to receive teachings, and then the old man Jiusuan continued: "The most important thing about tea ceremony is actually the heart. If you are in an environment where there are not enough materials, not enough utensils, and not enough good tea, there will be no If the water is good enough, don’t you want to drink tea? With the most ordinary water, the most ordinary tea leaves, the most ordinary utensils, and the most pious heart, you can still brew a cup of good tea. Tea is drinkable. It’s that tranquility of mind, even if you’re distracted, even if I drink the best tea, you won’t be able to taste the three flavors. What you drink from tea is the tranquility of your mind, not the external processes.”

Jiang Shenglin responded. He really paid too much attention to the various procedures and actions of the old man Jiu Suan before, and ignored the problem of his mood. So when the old man Jiu Suan finally talked about the most important mood when making tea , and then he realized that he had almost gone astray before.

Old Man Jiusuan pointed at the instruments in front of him, and then said with a smile: "Of course, if you have the conditions, you still need to have these procedures, because these procedures can help you and make you It is also very important to restore peace of mind as soon as possible.”

Jiang Shenglin nodded and said: "Yes, thank you for the elder's advice." He learned how to make tea from the old man Jiu Suan today, and he really benefited a lot. Unknowingly, his mood had changed slightly. But he just hasn't noticed it yet. When he notices it in the future, he will realize that making tea really helps him a lot.

Elder Jiusuan nodded, and then said with a smile: "Some people in the sect are very particular about making tea now, and even finally said that it is best not to drink more than three cups of tea, otherwise, you will lose it. Yunwei, hahahaha, how ridiculous. Just imagine, three or five friends get together, cook tea, drink it, and talk about everything. Although they drink tea, it is undoubtedly better than nectar and jade liquid. Three cups are not enough. Thirty cups, Three hundred cups is enough, hahahaha." After saying that, the old man couldn't help laughing.

When Jiang Shenglin heard what Mr. Jiuling said, he couldn't help but nodded. There are really many people in the Blood Killing Sect who like to drink tea, but there are very few people who can really master the tea ceremony. People are too I focus too much on the process of drinking tea, pay too much attention to the procedures of drinking tea, pay too much attention to those ritual things, but I lose the original intention of drinking tea.

Drinking tea alone is to calm down and make one's mind more peaceful. Several friends gather together to drink tea and chat for the sake of that friendship. How can one drink tea completely in one way? Is the form fixed? That's it.