c7663 Kill the enemy

The blue snake was shocked, but it was too late for him to change his move. The knife came very quickly and accurately. The timing was just right, and the knife slashed directly to the blue snake's seven inches. Snake also knew that he couldn't escape. He couldn't help but a flash of determination flashed in his eyes. His body twisted forcibly and moved past his seven-inch position. At the same time, his entire body almost turned into a circle. , his head and tail went straight towards the elder of the Blood Killing Sect, and he used his middle position to face the elder of the Blood Killing Sect. This was obviously a lose-lose approach.

But the elder of the Blood Killing Sect seemed not to have seen the attack of the Blue Snake's head and tail. He still slashed forward with all his strength. This time he really concentrated all his energy, energy, and spirit on this sword. , all concentrated in this sword. With this sword, he was sure that he could cut the enemy in two, and the energy would completely destroy the enemy's body. As for the enemy's attack, he was not afraid of it. , because he believed in his comrades.

Sure enough, when the blue snake saw that the elder of the Blood Killing Sect had no intention of stopping, his eyes flashed with determination. He was already ready to die together, but just as his head and tail were about to When he attacked the elder of the Blood Killing Sect, he suddenly felt a huge force coming from his head and tail, which directly grabbed his head and tail, making him unable to move at all. There is no way to advance a point.

Just before he understood what was going on, he felt a pain in his body. The next moment, he felt an extremely sharp energy rushing directly into his body. As soon as it passed by, all the meridians in his body were destroyed. He didn't have time to scream or even twist a little more, and he died immediately. He didn't understand until his death why his head and tail would If he can't attack the elder of the Blood Killing Sect, what are the two forces that prevent him from attacking the elder of the Blood Killing Sect.

And when they entered, the other two elders who had been killed directly took back the iron chains in their hands. It turned out that they had just turned the weapons in their hands into iron chains, and directly killed the blue snake. The head and tail were entangled, and then they pulled hard. Of course, the blue snake was unable to attack the elder of the Blood Killing Sect, and was directly chopped off by the man.

After killing this blue snake, the three of them immediately turned around and attacked another blue snake. Although the other two blue snakes were fighting against the elders of the Blood Killing Sect, the situation on several other battlefields was also Those who had noticed, now that they saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they immediately rushed over to kill them. Their expressions could not help but change. They did not expect that the three elders of the Blood Killing Sect would kill the Blue Snake so quickly. , both of them were a little panicked, especially the blue snake who was about to be surrounded by four blood-killed elders.

Of course, Black Ring also noticed the situation there. He did not expect that the blue snake would be eliminated so quickly. His expression also changed, and then his cold and ruthless eyes stared at Ding Chunming. Then he snorted coldly: "I really didn't expect that the people of the Blood Killing Sect would be so despicable and shameless, and they would use more methods to deal with us. It's really disappointing." Heihuan also knew that this kind of The situation was very normal, but he couldn't help but say something. He also knew that what he said was useless, but he still said it.

Ding Chunming ignored him at all. Other elders of the Blood Killing Sect might have quarreled with him, but Ding Chunming would not do that. From Ding Chunming's point of view, doing so was meaningless. With that time, he might as well attack twice more, so he attacked more urgently. This time he was almost mad that he didn't have the black ring, but at the same time, he didn't dare to be distracted. He knew very well that if If he is distracted while fighting against a master like Ding Chunming, then he is seeking death.

And at this time, the three moray eels also reacted. In their opinion, they could no longer struggle with Sheng Si. If they continued to struggle with Sheng Si, all the people who were waiting for the bloody murder would have their hands free. , it’s time to deal with them. They are not stupid, and now they understand the plans of the Blood Killing Sect, so they want to get rid of Sheng Si and attack other Blood Killing Sect elders.

But they had good intentions, but facing Sheng Si's attack, it was not easy for them to escape. Sheng Si seemed to know what they were thinking, so he attacked even more urgently. All kinds of spells came overwhelmingly, making it impossible for them to get away.

A member of the Moray clan still wanted to survive two spells and get rid of Sheng Si's attack, but when he really suffered a spell from Sheng Si, he didn't dare to mess around anymore. , because when Sheng Si's seemingly universal technique hit him, he felt an extremely powerful energy rush directly into his body, causing great damage to his body. Destruction was going on, and the external manifestation of such destruction was that part of his body exploded directly, blowing a big hole in his body.

This is because the moray eel reacted quickly and used his own strength to block the power of Sheng Si's technique. Otherwise, he would be injured more seriously. It is precisely because of this that they can't fight against Sheng Si now. In their opinion, Sheng Si's magic was too powerful and they really couldn't stand it.

At this time, the second blue snake was also killed by the elders of the Blood Killing Sect, and those elders rushed towards the third blue snake. Black Ring was shocked and angry, but just When he was avatar, his movements couldn't help but slow down, and just at this slowness, he was directly rubbed by Ding Chunming's hammer, before it was hit hard.

But at this moment, Heihuan felt that some power rushed into his body and destroyed the inside of his body. Heihuan was shocked, and his body twisted quickly. After a few moves, the power disappeared, but he didn't dare to clone himself anymore. When fighting against a master like Ding Chunming, he was really looking for death when he cloned himself.

But he didn't know that in fact Ding Chunming had been calculating his movement patterns before, and now he has almost completed the calculation. Ding Chunming had tried it several times before, but the effect was not very good, but it has also improved. He was getting closer to his target, and he believed that with a few moves, he could kill this black ring.

But Ding Chunming is not in a hurry. He knows very well that he must not be anxious at this time. If he is anxious, he may let the black ring escape in the end. You must know that the black ring is also a master. If If he really gave him a chance, there was a real possibility that he would escape. He didn't want the black ring to escape.

At this time, the last blue snake also died under the siege of the five elders. After the five elders killed the last blue snake, they did not come to help Ding Chunming, but turned around, He went straight to kill the three moray eels, but this time Heihuan did not pay attention to the situation there. All his attention was put on Ding Chunming.

Ding Chunming's face was expressionless, but the sledgehammer in his hand was hammering harder and harder. Black Ring also felt that his situation was becoming more and more unfavorable, and he had more and more room for movement. Too small. If this continues, it won't be long before he loses his space to move and has to fight with Ding Chunming.

Just when he was thinking about how to escape, Ding Chunming suddenly hit him with a hammer. Hei Huan's figure flashed to the side, but just as he moved, a black shadow suddenly appeared. The shot was shot out from Ding Chunming's hand, and the target was exactly where the black ring was hiding. At this time, the black ring had no way to hide, and was directly hit by the black shadow.

When the black shadow hit him, he felt that the black shadow was actually a hammer. When the hammer hit him, he didn't feel any pain at all. Just when he was stunned, But he suddenly felt that his heart felt like it was hit directly by a sledgehammer. He suffered a sharp pain, which made his eyes darken. Then he didn't know anything. He was actually hit by Ding Chunming. With one hammer, he was crushed to death.

Heihuan didn't understand until his death why he was killed by Ding Chunming with one hammer. Moreover, Ding Chunming was still far away from him, so how could he be hit with one hammer? He didn't see that there was an iron chain behind the hammer that hit him, and the other end of the hammer was the hammer's handle, and the hammer handle was in Ding Chunming's hand.

Heihuan is even more confused about why he was beaten to death but his life-saving moves were not used. In fact, Heihuan has a life-saving move, and that is the black rings on his body. There are thirteen black rings in total, which are called thirteen life-preserving rings. If someone attacks his body, one of the black rings will disappear. In other words, the black rings can offset the power that attacks his body. Yes, it can offset as many as thirteen times in total.

It was precisely because of this that he felt strange. He didn't know why the black ring on his body was useless and why it didn't offset the hammer Ding Chunming hit him. In fact, the black ring was not seen, just there. When the hammer hit him, the remaining ten black rings on his body had completely disappeared. The reason why there were ten black rings left was because of the hammer that Ding Chunming hit him with before. , causing him to lose three black rings directly, but he didn't notice it at the time.

Ding Chunming is called the second master of the Blood Killing Sect, and that is not for nothing. His strength is very powerful, and his most powerful thing is the use of force. His method of using force has already been used in the Blood Killing Sect. Li Zhiyuan has opened up. It can be said that he is already a figure who can establish a sect. Can such a figure be achieved easily?

Ding Chunming's last blow was too real, and his blow contained multiple powers. One force was able to offset a black ring, and the last remaining force was a penetrating force. , this power directly hits the enemy's heart. All the black rings on Heihuan's body disappeared. Finally, a penetrating force directly hit the heart. The heart was shattered with one blow, and the entire heart was shattered. If it is broken, it will naturally be dead and cannot die anymore.