c7661 enemy attack

While the two were talking, a harsh warning sound suddenly came. This sound completely destroyed the relaxed and peaceful atmosphere in the headquarters. The atmosphere in the entire headquarters suddenly became tense. Jiang Shenglin and The old man Jiusuan also stood up immediately and walked towards the array plate and radar screen respectively. .

When Jiang Shenglin came to the radar screen, he saw a group of people rushing towards the blood-killing sect's army. They were already less than two thousand miles away from the blood-killing sect's army. Such a distance was too far for the sea. For the clan, it can really be said that it arrived in a blink of an eye.

However, Jiang Shenglin was not nervous and immediately ordered: "Elder Jiu Suan, activate the magic array immediately." After saying that, he directly enlarged the radar screen to see who was coming this time. When he saw the radar screen, his eyes could not help but shrink slightly, because he found that all the people who came this time were masters of the sea.

There were seven people who came this time. The leader was a sea snake. This sea snake was not like other sea beasts. It was very huge. It was not long or big. It was only about ten meters in length and thick. He was no more than a bucket, which was already considered a small figure among the Sea Clan. But this sea snake is completely white with black rings on it. It looks like someone put many black jade rings on a white jade belt. It is very beautiful.

Next to this sea snake, there are three sea snakes. These three sea snakes are all blue. Their whole bodies are blue, without a trace of color. They are only more than 20 meters in length, but when they swim, It is full of momentum, and you can tell at a glance that it is definitely not a simple thing.

In addition to the three sea snakes, there are also three sea snake-like fish. Of course Jiang Shenglin knows these fish. They are the moray eel family. The moray eel family are the sea snake-like fish hiding on the seabed that attacked them before. Their teeth can bite through the armor of Blood Killing Sect disciples, and then penetrate into the bodies of Blood Killing Sect disciples to destroy them, which is very terrifying.

In the past three days, moray eels have been completely black and their body length has reached more than 20 meters. However, their bodies are very thin. When swimming, they are more agile than sea snakes. But you can't see them now. mouths, but Jiang Shenglin did not dare to underestimate these guys. The mouths of these guys were very weird. Their mouths were usually closed tightly, and they would only open when they attacked the enemy. And they Their lips are like suckers that can suck the enemy directly, but their teeth are growing in circles in the mouth, like an internal whorl, which is very scary.

You can tell at a glance that these moray eels are the masters of the moray eel family, and these guys have some characteristics, that is, they seem to be very rational and not controlled by others. This means that they should be controlled by others. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws has affected them, or they are loyal to the Dragon King. It is absolutely impossible for them to be the Sea Clan controlled by the Dragon King's curse.

As soon as he saw this situation, Jiang Shenglin knew that he might not be able to stop these guys by relying on the magic circle. These sea tribes all have some characteristics. Except for some races with no brains like crabs or lobsters, generally The Sea Clan, when they are awake, have strong resistance to phantom formations. Maybe it’s because they are from the Sea Clan. They are very good at building phantom formations, so they are very resistant to phantom formations. , naturally has a strong resistance ability.

Jiang Shenglin immediately connected to Ding Chunming's communication array, and then said directly: "Elder Ding, there are seven masters here on the front line. You'd better take a look. I think these guys are not simple." Jiang Shenglin was very surprised. It was clear that the enemy's masters came to attack, and their best way was not to let ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples attack, but to let Ding Chunming and other masters deal with it, so he immediately asked Ding Chunming for help.

Ding Chunming didn't say anything more, he just responded directly, and then ended the communication. The next moment, he, Sheng Sicheng, Wanchun, and several masters of the Blood Killing Sect arrived at the headquarters. When Jiang Shenglin saw Ding Chunming, They arrived so quickly, and he immediately stepped forward to salute, but Ding Chunming waved his hand to stop him, then went directly to the radar screen, glanced at a few people on the screen, then nodded and said: " It's a few experts, leave it to us, let's go." After saying that, he led the experts and disappeared directly from the headquarters.

Jiang Shenglin came to the radar screen immediately after Ding Chunming and the others left. He was still a little worried. If something happened to Ding Chunming and the others, he would have no way to explain it to Zhao Hai, so he stayed at the radar screen now. Watching there, wanting to see the outcome of this battle.

Ding Chunming led Sheng Si and others outside the Blood Killing Sect's formation and stood there quietly. He knew that those few people were less than two hundred miles away from the Blood Killing Sect's formation. Such a distance , for those people from the Sea Tribe, they can reach it in just a few breaths. Sure enough, just after they stood there, only about ten breaths later, seven figures had already appeared in front of them. As soon as those seven figures saw Ding Chunming, The seven of them immediately stopped and looked at Ding Chunming and the others up and down.

Ding Chunming looked at the seven sea tribes with an expressionless face, and then said: "Ding Chunming, the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect, is here. Everyone knows each other by name." Ding Chunming doesn't like to talk nonsense, but he also knows that in the At this time, these words must be said, which shows respect for the opponent.

The leading black-ringed sea snake looked at Ding Chunming and suddenly changed his body shape to look like a human. He saw that this was a tall and thin man from his tribe. He had long black hair and skin. He was very white, but his eyes were very dark. He had an evil feeling about him. Then he cupped his fist at Ding Chunming and said, "Hei Huan, the leader of the Sea Snake Clan, has met Elder Ding."

Following his movements, the people behind him all turned into human forms. The three blue sea snakes turned into three blue-skinned tall and thin men, while the three sea kuns turned into three They have black skin and are very thin, but not very tall. They are pitifully thin, as if they are just bones wrapped in skin, and their eyes seem to grow directly into the skeleton. They look very scary.

At this time, the people transformed from the three moray eels were looking at Ding Chunming and the others with a very hostile look. Many of their clansmen had died at the hands of the alien clan. Of course, they had settled the accounts to their blood. The killing clan was on the head, so when they saw Ding Chunming and the others, they naturally had a bad look on their face.

Ding Chunming looked at Heihuan and said in a deep voice: "Heihuan, why are you here? Do you want to have a decisive battle with my Blood Killing Sect in advance?" Ding Chunming did not say so much nonsense and directly asked him why he came. If it is true If you want to fight, then just fight. He will never be polite to these guys.

When Heihuan heard what Ding Chunming said, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Elder Ding, why are you so hostile to us? Can't we just come to surrender to the Blood Killing Sect?" Heihuan was actually there. Delaying time, he was still a little unclear about the strength of Ding Chunming and the others, and while he was speaking, he had already asked several people from the sea snake clan behind him to release the snake venom they had prepared before. Snake venom is breathless and odorless, and can slowly flow to Ding Chunming and the others through sea water. He did not expect that the poison would poison Ding Chunming and the others. He just wanted to see what Ding Chunming and the others would do when they encountered such a snake. What kind of reaction will there be when attacking, so as to judge the strength of Ding Chunming and the others.

Ding Chunming looked at the black ring and said in a deep voice: "It is impossible for you to surrender. The Dragon King has already suffered a lot from surrendering before. Now he is probably very worried about the Sea Tribe surrendering. And you have not been defeated by the Dragon King." Control your mind, it can only show that you are absolutely loyal to the Dragon King. The Dragon King is not afraid of your surrender, and it is impossible for you to surrender, because I feel a very familiar power from you, the law of the Shadow Clan. force."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then glanced at Heihuan, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, you don't need to test it anymore. Your poisons are of no use to us, so it's better to save money." Save it, just fight if you want. Why are you talking so much nonsense?" After saying that, two sledgehammers suddenly appeared in Ding Chunming's hands, and several other members of the Blood Killing Clan also had weapons in their hands, even There was an extra staff in Sheng Si's hand, and countless stars were shining above his head, while Ding Chunming and the others had already rushed towards Heihuan and the others.

Heihuan really didn't expect that Ding Chunming would beat him at any time, and directly pointed out the poisoning. This made Heihuan very surprised. You must know the poison they made this time. , but there is a secret poison among the snake clan. It is colorless and odorless. As long as it touches the skin of a person, the other person will be poisoned immediately. The most important thing is that the other person will not realize that he has been poisoned at all, so he treats them He still has some confidence in their poison. In his opinion, even if their poison cannot kill Ding Chunming and the others at once, it will make them scramble for a while and their combat effectiveness will be greatly reduced. By then, they can deal with Ding Chunming and the others. , but they did not expect that Ding Chunming and the others would discover it immediately, and kill him without saying a word, which surprised Heihuan and the others.

But now that Ding Chunming and the others have come over, they can't refuse to fight, so they all transformed into their own bodies in an instant, and pounced directly on Ding Chunming and the others, but just as they pounced on Ding Chunming and the others, At the same time, they had to face his attack, which was Sheng Si's magical attack.

Ding Chunming and the others fight, but they are different from Heihuan and the others. Heihuan and the others are all masters. In their opinion, their fighting is one-on-one and does not require any cooperation. After all, their strength has reached this level. , where you still need to cooperate with others. But Ding Chunming and the others are different. Ding Chunming and the others are very cooperative, and Sheng Si's role in this team is to provide fire support.