c7660 tea ceremony

The Blood Killing Sect has never been afraid of any enemy. Whether the enemy wants to fight with them or wants to play a conspiracy, the Blood Killing Sect has never been afraid. It is the same now. The Blood Killing Sect has never been afraid of the enemy. He really wanted to see how the enemy wanted to fight them this time.

So when they passed the first 100,000 miles, Sun Buyu and the others did not let the army stop, but let the army continue to advance. They must rush to the 200,000 miles, and then stop, take a rest, and prepare. It's time for the final battle with the enemy.

But just as they were moving forward, they encountered an attack. Countless snake-like sea fish rushed out from the bottom of the sea and attacked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. His attack was very weird. Their mouths could actually When their mouths touch the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, their teeth can actually destroy the external incarnation of the Blood Killing Sect. Once they bite the skin of the Blood Killing Sect disciples, they will directly burrow in. To be honest, this is a very insidious and cruel way of attacking.

After discovering this situation, Sun Buyu immediately sent out the Alien Clan. The Alien Clan immediately released their bugs. The bugs went directly into the mud at the bottom of the sea and attacked the monsters. The fish attacked, and with the addition of the alien clan, the attacks of those strange fish on the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect slowly stopped.

However, Sun Buyu gave an order to the Alien Clan, that is, let the Alien Clan collect more teeth of those strange fishes, and then send them to Shenji Hall, and let the people there to deal with those strange fish teeth. Study the teeth of strange fish. Those teeth of strange fish can bite through the armor of Blood Killing Sect disciples, which means that their teeth are very powerful. This really needs to be studied carefully.

Of course, as long as enough teeth are collected, it is up to the alien clan to decide how to deal with those strange fish. Sun Buyu will not care about it. At this time, they will still attack the Blood Killing Sect, even if there is no Those who are controlled by the Dragon King are also affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Even if they are not affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, they are still loyal to the Dragon King. There is no need to be polite to such people.

Time passed little by little. Finally, after nearly thirty hours of traveling, the Blood Killing Sect’s army advanced two hundred thousand miles. According to Old Jiuling and the others, the area ahead was the Dragon Palace. , the Dragon King can attack them later within that range, so they stopped and did not move forward. Instead, they camped on the spot and prepared to take a good rest. When they had rested, they went to fight the decisive battle with the Dragon King. .

But this time the army stopped to rest. There were many magic formations arranged around the army. All disciples had to enter the inner space to rest. This inner space was not the Xuanwu space, but some temporary ones. Resting in an inner space is always safer than resting outside.

Seeing that all the disciples had gone to rest, Jiang Shenglin turned to Sun Buyu and said: "Old Sun, you should also go and have a rest. Elder Jiu Suan and I are watching over here. There will be no problem. If it is true, If there is a problem, I'll just call you, go ahead." Jiang Shenglin knew very well about the upcoming battle. Sun Buyu and the others still needed to command the army. At this time, one of them had to stay and watch, so he chose to stay. Watch and give the command opportunity during the decisive battle to Sun Buyu and the others.

Sun Buyu and the others all understood what Jiang Shenglin meant. You must know that directing a decisive battle like this is a great achievement for a person of his status, and he will get a lot of benefits, not to mention that Sun Buyu is not a core elder. , with this contribution, he might become a core elder, but in this case, Jiang Shenglin would have no chance, so Sun Buyu looked at Jiang Shenglin hesitantly. To be honest, he didn't want to give up this opportunity. At the same time, he He didn't want Jiang Shenglin to give this opportunity to him, which made him really not know what to do for a moment.

Jiang Shenglin also saw Sun Buyu's expression. He smiled slightly and said: "Okay, it's okay. Don't think about it too much. We are a whole. This mission was completed by all of us. I will definitely take the credit when the time comes." , having said that, what we want to take credit for now is not of much use anymore. Even if we want to enter the time acceleration area to retreat, we have to wait until we are strong enough. To be honest, our current strength, It’s really a little bit worse, but after this mission, our strength should have improved to a certain extent, so you don’t have to worry about us.”

When Sun Buyu heard what Jiang Shenglin said, he thought about it and nodded: "Okay, then we are not polite. Elder Jiu Suan, I will leave this place to you and Elder Jiang. Everyone else should go back and rest. This time we will rest for five days and then attack. The next attack will be a decisive battle with the Dragon King. The Dragon King may send people to attack you in the past few days. You must be careful. I will ask Elder Ding and others to help. If the Dragon King If any experts are sent to deal with us, then please ask Elder Ding and others to take action and be sure to block their attack."

Several people all responded, and then Tang Yingyi and the others saluted Jiang Shenglin and the old man Jiu Suan, and then returned to their rooms to rest. They also knew that they were preparing for the final battle, so they had to They needed to rest well, but they were all experienced in many battles, so they were not too nervous.

Jiang Shenglin was standing in the command hall at this time, looking at the radar screen. When he found that there was nothing going on, he turned to look at the old man Jiu Suan. The old man Jiu Suan was also looking at an array disk in his hand. This array Pan is the array that controls the current outer circle of the Blood Killing Sect army. He is doing the final inspection.

Jiang Shenglin couldn't help but walked over curiously, but when he saw the contents of the array disk, he couldn't help but shook his head, because he couldn't understand the things on the array disk at all, it was too complicated, and it took him a while to count the old man Then he raised his head, glanced at Jiang Shenglin, and couldn't help but smile and said, "What? Are you interested in the magic circle?"

Jiang Shenglin shook his head, then smiled bitterly and said: "No, it's not that I'm not interested, but the sect tested me before and found that I have no talent in this area, so I had to give up. Now I find that I I really don’t have any talent in this area, and I couldn’t understand the patterns on the formation plate just now.”

The old man Jiu Suan smiled and said: "That's normal. This array is very complicated. Let alone you, even some people who have studied the array very well may not be able to understand it. However, Zongfang's test is still It’s very accurate, they said you don’t have experience in this area, so you probably don’t have experience in this area, okay, let’s not talk about this anymore, let’s go have two cups of tea.”

Jiang Shenglin nodded, and the two of them walked to the side of the command hall. Old Man Jiu Suan took out a tea set and tea leaves, and brewed a pot and cup himself. The tea that Old Man Jiu Suan drank was not ordinary tea, but a tea. Grow tea like Kung Fu tea. Drinking this kind of tea is not just about the taste of the tea. The entire process of making tea is the process of tea tasting. The speed of the movements and whether it is beautiful are all very important. Now in the Blood Killing Sect, There are many people who like this.

Jiang Shenglin also likes this, but his tea making skills are really average, and Old Jiuling is obviously a master in this way, so Jiang Shenglin watched and asked Old Jiuling for advice, and the two of them had a very easy time. As for the staff officers in the command hall, they were not very busy when entering. They only needed to pay attention to the alarms. When there was no battle, they were actually very relaxed.

When Old Man Jiusuan made a pot of tea and put a teacup in front of Jiang Shenglin with a fork, Jiang Shenglin picked up the teacup and sniffed it gently. A faint aroma entered his nose. Then it seemed to turn into a stream of clear water, flowing all over his body, and he couldn't help but close his eyes. Then he directly put the tea cup to his mouth and drank the cup of tea in three sips.

After drinking, he put down the teacup, closed his eyes, and closed his mouth. He didn't make a sound or show any expression for a long time, and even his breathing seemed to have stopped. After a while, he took a deep breath, then slowly opened his eyes, and then he cupped his fists at the old man Jiu Suan and said: "I have always known that there are many masters of tea ceremony in the sect, but I never knew , what is the difference between tea brewed by tea ceremony masters and tea brewed by myself? Now I know, the taste is really completely different. This cup of tea seems to have washed away all my worries. Same, it’s really amazing.”

The old man Jiusuan smiled slightly and said: "I am not a master of tea ceremony. I am just getting started. In our Blood Killing Sect, there are only a few real masters of tea ceremony, and the most powerful among them is Meg. Madam, Mrs. Meg has only made tea for the sect leader all her life. The tea she brewed is so wonderful that there is no way to describe it. I was lucky enough to be given a cup by the sect leader. I will never forget it, even though it has been brewed many times. I asked Mrs. Meg for advice, and Mrs. Meg also wanted to teach without reservation, but compared with Mrs. Meg, I am still far behind."

Jiang Shenglin smiled and said: "I'm afraid I won't be able to drink Mrs. Meg's tea. Today I can see Elder Jiu Suan making tea in person. I feel very satisfied. I will definitely study hard in the future, because just now I found that when you were making tea, the concentration on your expression and the temperament of your body were also changing, which seems to be very beneficial to your practice."

"Hahaha, you actually saw it. Yes, that's it. The sect master said that there are three thousand avenues. Any of the three thousand avenues can actually lead to the avenue of immortality. Some are real avenues, and some are real avenues. Some are trails, and the development of trails is not necessarily worse than the main roads. Some trails may be shortcuts, so I have been studying those trails, and the tea ceremony is one of them, and it is a very easy way for people to learn. It's a small way to get started, so I use it a lot." Old Man Jiusuan laughed.