c7665 Prepare

Old Man Jiusuan and Jiang Shenglin were chatting and drinking tea, and they were doing well. However, there was no response from the Dragon King. Ever since the Black Ring and the others were destroyed, the Dragon King had not sent anyone to attack. Perhaps in his opinion, sending people to attack the Blood Killing Sect was just looking for death, so he simply stopped sending people to attack.

When Sun Buyu and the others showed up at the headquarters, neither the old man Jiu Suan nor Jiang Shenglin were attacked. When Sun Buyu and the others arrived at the headquarters, they saw Jiang Shenglin making tea there. They had seen Jiang Shenglin before. Making tea, but now when I saw Jiang Shenglin making tea, I found that Jiang Shenglin's movements were very smooth and he looked much stronger than before.

The old man Jiu Suan was sitting opposite Jiang Shenglin, watching Jiang Shenglin's actions with a smile. When Jiang Shenglin finished brewing the tea, he personally held a cup of tea and placed it in front of the old man Jiu Suan. The old man Jiu Suan then reached out to pick up the tea. He picked up the cup of tea, took a sip, and then drank the tea in two sips. Then he put down the tea cup and said with a smile: "Very good. You have done a good job. Pay attention to your state of mind. You are just because The change of state of mind, so the tea I make now is much better than before. I will pay more attention to my state of mind in the future. Making tea is actually similar to Buddhism. Buddhism pays attention to the three realms. The first realm is to see a mountain as a mountain. , the water is still a mountain, the second level is that the mountain is not a mountain, the water is not a mountain, the third level is that the mountain is still a mountain, the water is still water, and making tea is the same, the first level, then What kind of tea you make will taste like the tea you drink. In the second realm, what kind of tea you make will reflect the changes in your mood in the tea. And in the third realm, what you brew will taste. The tea still tastes like the same tea, but it is absolutely different, so you must pay attention to this aspect."

Jiang Shenglin responded and lowered his head to accept the instruction. At this time, Old Man Jiu Suan turned to Sun Buyu and the others and said with a smile: "You are here too, come on, let's have a drink together." In fact, Old Man Jiu Suan and Jiang Shenglin had already I felt that they had arrived, but I never said it out loud. Now that the tea was brewed, I naturally wanted to ask them to come over and have a taste together.

Sun Buyu and the others immediately responded, and then they all came over. Each of them took a cup of tea and drank it. As soon as the tea entered their mouth, they felt that the tea was indeed very fragrant and had a very strong feeling. They all nodded involuntarily. They had all drank the tea Jiang Shenglin made before, and the tea he made this time was indeed much better than the tea he made before.

After putting down the tea cup, Sun Buyu said to the two of them: "Elder Jiu Suan, Lao Jiang, have you been making tea? Didn't anything happen?" Sun Buyu was still very worried about the situation here. Yes, but because Jiang Shenglin didn't tell him about the previous battle, he didn't know.

When Jiang Shenglin heard this question, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Something really happened. Not long after you went to rest, several masters from the sea clan came to attack. The leader was Hei Huan, the leader of the sea snake clan. , he brought six people to attack, but I directly asked Elder Ding and others to take action and kill them all. Apart from them, there is nothing else going on, so don’t worry."

After hearing what Jiang Shenglin said, Sun Buyu nodded, and then he said: "What is the strength of the other party? Why did they only send so few people to attack us?" Sun Buyu really wanted to know this. , it's a bit strange why they only sent so few people to attack them.

Jiang Shenglin said in a deep voice: "The opponent's strength is very good. They have been dealing with Elder Ding for a long time. Maybe the opponent just wants to send some masters to harass us. After we destroyed them, they did not show up. I think the opponent There are probably only a few masters like Black Ring, so they can't afford to lose."

Sun Buyu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Do you think the other party wants to delay time, so they sent people to attack us, and now that this move is useless, why don't they use it?" If that's really the case, it would be really troublesome." Sun Buyu is actually a little worried about this. The Dragon King has been forced to a dead end now, so who knows whether he will use some special methods to get rid of this problem. To strengthen Suan Ji's strength, if that is really the case, then he will definitely need time. Sending people to attack them and slowing down their attack speed is a good way.

Jiang Shenglin shook his head and said: "I really don't know about this. If the other party really has such a plan, then it doesn't matter. We all know the details of the other party. He is just a guy controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. Even if he is strengthening his strength, how can he strengthen it? It's just using Shadow Clan's method, how much more can his strength be improved? We don't need to worry too much."

When Jiang Shenglin said this, Sun Buyu couldn't help but nodded. It was indeed as Jiang Shenglin said. There was really no need to pay too much attention to this matter. When the power of the Shadow Clan's laws was the most powerful, they all gave each other to each other. After it was wiped out, let alone now, they really had nothing to worry about.

Old Man Jiusuan looked at Sun Buyu and smiled slightly: "Buyu, you are too nervous. Maybe this is your first time commanding such a battle, so you are always worried that something will go wrong. In fact, there is no need at all. Okay, sit down and have a good rest, you don’t have to worry about anything at all, everything will be fine.”

When Sun Buyu heard what the old man Jiu Suan said, he was stunned at first, and then nodded involuntarily. After sitting down, he drank another cup of tea. Then he took a breath and felt much better. Then he turned to Jiu Suan. The old man bowed and said, "I'm sorry, Elder Jiusuan, I really made you laugh. I originally thought I wouldn't be nervous, but I didn't expect that I ended up being nervous. I'm really embarrassed."

The old man Jiusuan smiled slightly and said: "Okay, don't be so polite, come on, sit down, haha, actually it's nothing. Anyone who directs such a large-scale battle for the first time will be nervous, but you must also hurry up As we grow up, when we leave the Tianlong Babu Realm and enter the Wanshan Realm, the situation will be completely different. There are thousands of sects in the Wanshan Realm, and there are also the forces of the Shadow Clan. The situation will be different. It will definitely become more complicated. We don’t know how many battles we will have to deal with. If you can’t grow up, what will the sect do in the future? So you must grow up. This is why you will be sent here this time. The reason why I am here to command the battle this time is just to let you accumulate some experience, there is really no need for you to be so nervous."

Sun Buyu responded, and several other people also responded. Old Man Jiusuan looked at them, smiled slightly and said: "The matter in the Dragon Realm will be over soon, and then the last interface, the matter in the Heavenly and Human Realm will begin. , as long as the matters in the Heavenly and Human Realm are solved, we can directly enter the Wanshan Realm. Make good use of these two interfaces and train well, but we missed this opportunity." Several people responded at the same time. .

Old Man Jiu Suan then smiled slightly, put away the tea set, and then turned around and left. When Old Man Jiu Suan left, Sun Buyu couldn't help but turned to Jiang Shenglin and said: "Old Jiang, have you really been drinking tea before? Your tea ceremony You've made rapid progress, and the tea you make this time is indeed much better than the last time."

Jiang Shenglin smiled slightly, and then said: "Thanks to Elder Jiu Suan, he taught me a lot. I recorded the process of how he taught me tea ceremony. You can also study it when you have time. For you, It will help, really." Sun Buyu and the others responded, then nodded and stopped talking.

In the following days, Jiang Shenglin and the others just let the disciples in the sect rest and recuperate, without any intention of letting them attack. Although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect didn't quite understand what they meant, they didn't say anything. No matter what, everyone takes the time to rest in preparation for the final battle.

Jiuling Lao and the others are also very nervous these days. They also know that the Blood Killing Sect is going to have a final decisive battle with the Dragon King. Their hearts are very complicated. They are a little expecting and a little uneasy. They don't regret themselves. decision, after several previous incidents, they are now completely sure that the Dragon King is indeed controlled by others, and the people of the Blood Killing Sect did not lie to them. It is precisely because of this that they will fully support the Blood Killing Sect. Kill the clan.

The Sharks have not been released yet, but Sha Sitian can still contact Jiuling Lao and the others. They will also get together in the past few days to talk about this war. Regarding this war, they still They are very optimistic about the Blood Killing Sect. In their opinion, with the current strength of the Blood Killing Sect, it is really easy to destroy the Dragon King.

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling and the others, and asked a question that he had always wanted to ask. He said to Old Jiuling: "Sir, I have always been very strange, why didn't the people of the Blood Killing Sect work together in one go and directly Just kill the Dragon King? With the current strength of the Blood Killing Sect, it should be completely possible to do this, right?"

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "The purpose of the Blood Killing Sect is to train soldiers. Our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect attach great importance to military merit. First, in the process of fighting, they can learn a lot of things, which can improve their The strength will be further improved. The second is that after the battle, you will get military merits, and military merits can be exchanged for supplies. This is very important for our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. When you join the Blood Killing Sect in the future, You will know."

Sha Sitian smiled bitterly and said: "We are still a step late. If we had joined the Blood Killing Sect earlier, we would have learned many good things from the Blood Killing Sect, and we would not be like this now. , I really made a mistake this time." Sha Sitian shook his head as he spoke.

When Old Jiuling heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "It's not too late now. It's better to join now than never. Don't worry, you will know when you officially join the Blood Killing Sect in the future. What a right decision you made."