c7667 Tuntian.com

When Old Jiuling and the others saw this situation, they couldn't help but be shocked. They never thought that those people from the Sea Tribe would have such an ability. They could turn into black mist and then turn into people from the Sea Tribe. That's it. They were able to survive the flying sword attacks of the Blood Killing Sect, but when they saw that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all looked calm, they couldn't help but feel slightly relieved. It seemed that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already met them. I have been through this kind of scene, so I behave like this.

But Old Jiuling and the others were still surprised by the ability of those sea tribes. If they were to face such a sea tribe, when they attacked the opponent, the opponent would suddenly turn into black mist and let them pass. Attacked them, and then showed up again, attacking them all at once. If they were unable to defend themselves in time, they would really be doomed.

Seeing that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were fighting with the Sea Clan, Mr. Jiu Ling couldn't bear it anymore, so he directly spoke to Sun Buyu: "Elder Sun, is this the Shadow Clan you call them? They It looks like they are from the Sea Clan. What’s going on with that ability that can turn into black mist? With such an ability, can we still deal with it?”

Sun Buyu smiled and said: "Elder Jiuling, don't worry, there is no problem at all. Shadow Clan is actually just a name. They can be any race, but this race is affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so it can be called The Shadow Clan, as we call it, transforms into black mist and makes one's body insubstantial. This is a natural ability of the Shadow Clan. This ability can evade most physical attacks. If it is just a simple The energy attack does not do much damage to them, but if it is a physical attack and energy attack is added, the damage to them will be very great. After many years of experiments, our Blood Killing Sect has finally launched We have come up with a way to deal with the shadow clan's body deformation, which is to use Buddha's power to add to our weapons and attack them. This method will make the shadow clan people in this kind of virtual state, Take more damage, so you don’t have to worry.”

When Old Jiuling heard what Sun Buyu said, he nodded and said: "So that's it. I really didn't expect that there are still people who have such ability. If we have such ability, wouldn't it be even more powerful? ?" Elder Jiu Ling is really envious of the Shadow Clan's ability.

Sun Buyu said with a smile: "It is impossible for ordinary people to have this ability, but one of the races in our Blood Killing Sect really has this ability of the Shadow Clan. Our Blood Killing Sect has a Kirigakure clan, and they are With this ability, they can atomize their bodies to eliminate the impact of part of the attack on them, but their strength is not necessarily much stronger than our ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, or even not strong at all. So there’s nothing to envy.”

"Our Blood Killing Sect still has such a race? Aren't they the Shadow Clan?" Bafang couldn't help but ask after hearing what Sun Buyu said. In his opinion, there is such a race in this world. Isn't it really true? It's incredible. If there is such an ability, then that race should be very strong. Why did Sun Buyu say that that race is about the same strength as ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples?

Sun Buyu shook his head and said: "Of course they are not the Shadow Clan. They are the Kirigakure Clan. They were named by the Sect Master himself. They were discovered by the Sect Master. The leader of their clan is still the adopted son of the Sect Master. But in these years, The people of their clan are all practicing hard. In fact, the strongest point of their clan is not to atomize the body. Although this ability can reduce physical damage, it does not mean that they are completely incompetent. Will be injured. In fact, when others attack them, their bodies become atomized. It seems that they have escaped the blow. In fact, a small hidden wound has been left on their body. If there are many such hidden wounds, It will directly kill them. The strongest thing about the Kirigakure clan is actually their fighting ability underground and in the soil. They can walk freely in the soil, and the soil layer cannot block their sight at all. .”

Jiuling Lao and the others were all stunned. They really didn't expect this to happen. At this time, Jiang Shenglin suddenly said: "Come on, repel the wave of attacks." His voice successfully shocked everyone. All their attention was attracted to the radar screen. They all looked at the radar screen and saw that all the Sea Tribe people on the radar screen had retreated.

Elder Jiuling immediately said to Jiang Shenglin: "How is it? Have we eliminated them?" He has always been a little worried about this matter, so he asked this question. He was worried that if the Blood Killing Sect's members People, if there is really no way to eliminate those sea tribes, then they may suffer a big loss, or the Blood Killing Sect will be defeated.

Jiang Shenglin smiled and said: "Of course we will eliminate those guys. Otherwise, how could they retreat? Don't be anxious. Take your time and they retreat. It's time for us to enter. There is nothing to worry about." He said with a confident look. Looking at the radar screen, Sun Buyu also had a smile on his face.

At this time, the staff officer came to Sun Buyu and said to Sun Buyu: "Commander, everything is ready. All the disciples have received the new formation of the Sky-Swallowing Net. We can just use the Sky-Swallowing Net." Net, deal with them." After saying that, he stood there, waiting for Sun Buyu's order.

When Sun Buyu heard what he said, he couldn't help but be overjoyed. He immediately said loudly: "Okay, give me an order. All disciples must learn the method of making the new Sky-Swallowing Net in the shortest possible time, and then make the Swallowing Sky Net." Skynet, use the Sky-Swallowing Net to attack the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, quickly."

The staff officer responded and immediately went to pass the order. Following the staff officer's order, the Blood Killing Sect's army stopped immediately. They were not attacking, but just stood there. To outsiders, they looked like they were just standing there, but Jiuling Lao and the others knew very well that they were not just standing there, they were actually learning a new method of making the Sky-Swallowing Net.

The original Sky-Swallowing Net was a magical weapon invented to swallow up the energy of the enemy's mountain-protecting formation. This Sky-Swallowing Net can not only swallow up a large amount of energy in the enemy's formation, but also allow magic to The formation directly turns into a crystal, which is a very practical magic weapon.

But this new type of sky-swallowing net can swallow up the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, and then convert it into pieces of crystals of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. These crystals are also very useful to the Blood Killing Sect. Big, although the Blood Killing Sect seems to know a lot about the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, it is actually not very much. The power of the Shadow Clan's laws can also be said to be a kind of energy, but how is this energy formed? Yes, why he has his own consciousness, none of these Blood Killing Sects know yet, so after many experiments, the Blood Killing Sect made a new Sky-Swallowing Net. This Sky-Swallowing Net is the largest. The effect is not to turn the power of the Shadow Clan's laws into crystals, but to remove the self-consciousness in the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. They will eliminate that natural consciousness and let the Shadow Clan's laws The power turns into a kind of pure energy, so that this crystal is a stable energy crystal, and the Blood Killing Sect can study these crystals well.

Of course, there was no way to explain these things clearly to Jiuling Lao and the others right away, so Sun Buyu did not tell Jiuling Lao and the others. He just ordered the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to use this method to attack. I believe that using this method In this way, you can collect some of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. In conjunction with the attack of the bloody disciples, it is not difficult to eliminate the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

It is actually not difficult for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to learn how to make the new Sky-Swallowing Net. They only need to leave the matter to Guang Nao. As long as they control it, they can make it in the shortest time. The new Sky-Swallowing Net was released. In fact, this was the reason why the Blood Killing Sect came up with the Light Brain in the first place.

So not long after Sun Buyu gave the order, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had already made the Tongtian Net. Soon all the disciples had made the Tongtian Net. Then Sun Buyu gave the order, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples made the Tongtian Net. The disciples all released the Sky Net, and the next moment they saw the metal balls spread out on the ground, hitting the black mist.

Soon the metal ball had reached the edge of the black mist, and then the metal balls stopped directly on top of the black mist. Then the metal balls started to rotate quickly, and then countless small metal balls came directly from the big one. The metal ball flew out and landed directly on the black mist. It was as if they were touched by the black mist. When the black mist moved, they also moved with it, which looked very weird.

Then the big metal ball began to rotate, and the small metal balls also started to rotate. As these metal balls rotated, the black mist was slowly shrinking. It seemed that these metal balls absorbed Black Mist's speed was still very fast, much faster than Sun Buyu and the others thought.

When Sun Buyu saw this situation, he couldn't help but feel happy. He immediately said loudly: "The army will follow up and protect the Wu-devouring nets. At the same time, send orders to the rear to shoot Buddha's light and fire all over the sky. Quick." The staff officer responded and immediately I went to give the order. Following this order, the army of the Blood Killing Sect immediately followed. At the same time, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had prepared their flying swords, ready to deal with those who might rush out and deal with Swallowing Heaven at any time. Net sea tribe.

They believe that those Sea Clan who have been affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's Law will definitely come to deal with the Sky Swallowing Network, because the Sky Swallowing Network is absorbing the power of the Shadow Clan's Law, and the Shadow Clan's Law Power has its own consciousness. Yes, he will not let the Sky-Swallowing Net absorb his energy. He will definitely order the sea tribes under his control to attack those Sky-Swallowing Nets. At this time, those Sky-Swallowing Nets will need the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Came to protect.

While the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were advancing, countless Skyfires were shot directly at the black mist. These Skyfires were all made by the Blood Killing Sect before, and contained countless small soft-headed needles. , and these small soft-headed needles are equipped with magic circles, Buddhist seals, scriptures, and Buddhist precepts, so these small needles can release strong Buddhist power, which is very important for the laws of the Shadow Clan. The attack power is also very powerful. Once they are touched by such small needles, even if the sea tribe is atomized, there is no way to get rid of these small needles. These small needles will continue to release Buddha power, causing harm to them. .