c7669 dragon

The disciples who had been killed were startled by the warning from the sect before. They were really worried. It was a level two alarm, which meant that the curse technique coming this time was very powerful. They are powerful. They may not be able to withstand the curse defensive array. The level 2 alarm means that they must prepare at least ten curse defensive arrays on themselves. If the enemy's curse destroys their five If there is a curse defense circle, they will have to retreat.

In the Blood Killing Sect, a Level 2 alarm is considered very serious. A Level 1 alarm rarely occurs, especially a Level 1 alarm about curses. Once a Level 1 alarm occurs, the Blood Killing Sect disciples will For a moment, they used everything in their hands to leave the battlefield as quickly as possible, because that meant that the enemy had extremely powerful curse techniques, and their curse defense methods could not block the opponent's curse at all. They Must retreat in the shortest possible time.

Now that the warning was lifted, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect felt that the ropes tied to their hands and feet were untied at once. The undead clan that they did not dare to fight with before now naturally have nothing to do with them. It was so scary that everyone rushed over and started attacking the undead clan directly.

Upon seeing this situation, Sun Buyu couldn't help but let out a long breath and said in a deep voice: "It is the sect leader who has to take action. It seems that after this battle, our Blood Killing Sect's curse technique, defense technique, and curse defense technique , the flying sword technique will make some progress, and those guys in Shenji Hall will be busy again."

Jiang Shenglin and the others all nodded, but they all had smiles on their faces, and at the same time they all had a hint of admiration. Old Jiuling and the others, who had been silent for a long time, seemed to understand Jiang Shenglin and the others' feelings at this time. Having a boss like Zhao Hai was definitely a good thing for the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Nothing is a problem in front of me. Who wouldn't like such a boss?

The war was still going on, and the undead clan was quickly wiped out. In fact, the fighting power of the undead clan could only be regarded as average, not as good as the undead clan of the Blood Killing Sect. If they hadn't carried the Curse, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not afraid of him at all, so it is very normal for the undead clan to be eliminated now.

The power of the Shadow Clan's Law is still shrinking, but no one feels relaxed. Although the Necromancer Clan and the Sea Clan are still being wiped out, everyone knows that the true master has not yet appeared, and the Dragon King has not yet appeared. Before the Dragon King appeared, the Blood Killing Sect had not met its final opponent.

At this sound, the sound of dragon roars came again. This sound of dragon roars seemed to be closer, and then the power of the law of the Shadow Clan was seen, and they quickly retreated, as if they were being sucked away by something. As soon as they saw it, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately understood that the rightful master was here.

Sure enough, after a while, when the black mist completely disappeared, the sea clan and the undead clan also completely disappeared. In front of Zhao Hai and the others, a giant dragon appeared. This was really a giant dragon, a huge dragon. An incomparable giant dragon, this giant dragon must be more than ten thousand miles long. His head seems to be made of crystal. It is almost transparent, but it has a black color. It looks very weird, but his body is... It is covered with white scales, but the white scales are all pale white, which looks very weird.

He has five dragon claws and red light flashing in his eyes. Combined with his huge body, it really gives people a sense of supreme oppression. He is standing not far in front of this giant dragon. Zhao Hai could see clearly that the faucet was transparent, but it seemed to be made of something. In the faucet, you could even see an inner space inside. , like a huge courtyard, but the white scales on the dragon's body are all made of bone, and the scales are made of bones, that's why it is so weird.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw the shape of the dragon, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Are you the Dragon King? No wonder you can't leave the scope of the Dragon Palace. It turns out that the Dragon Palace is your head, hahahaha, this is really weird Interesting." Zhao Hai has already guessed that the reason why the giant's head is so weird is entirely because the head is transformed from the Dragon Palace, while the dragon's body is made up of the Sea Clan and the Undead Clan.

The dragon's two blood-red eyes stared at Zhao Hai for a while, and then said: "Zhao Hai, don't be proud, you are right, the Dragon Palace is my head, so I can't leave the Dragon Palace, but now You have entered the range controlled by my Dragon Palace. Within this range, I can completely attack you, so just suffer death."

Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of the giant dragon and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Okay, you don't have to pretend in front of me. You know you are not my opponent. Do you still want to use the laws of the Shadow Clan?" Strength, get more and enter the Heavenly Dragon Realm, so why delay here? It’s useless. Even if you send the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws to the Heavenly Realm, we will still chase you into the Heavenly Realm. of."

The giant dragon looked at Zhao Hai, a smile flashed across his eyes, and then he sneered: "Zhao Hai, I admit that you are a good opponent, I may not be your opponent, but this time you are really My guess is wrong. If you kill me, you will definitely regret it, because if you kill me, you will face a more powerful opponent. Do you know why I can't leave the Dragon Palace? Except because the Dragon Palace is my head. In addition to this reason, there is another reason. If you kill me, you will immediately face a bigger opponent, are you willing?"

Zhao Hai looked at the dragon, smiled slightly and said: "I am willing. What don't I want to do? I just want to see what kind of more powerful enemy is, hahahaha, come on." He said After Zhao Hai moved, the giant dragon rushed over. At the same time, he had an extra halberd in his hand. With a wave of the halberd in his hand, a river of blood appeared directly in the next moment. In his hand, the river of blood rolled straight towards the giant dragon.

As soon as they saw the blood river, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were stunned at first, but then they all cheered because they all recognized that the blood river was the blood river blessed by the eight movements of the Blood Killing Sect's bloody battle. Although Zhao Hai used a long halberd this time, not a long sword, this move was also very powerful. At the same time, it also made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect understand at once that the Eight Styles of Blood Fighting could not only be used with long swords. It is used with a knife, but it can also be used with other magic weapons.

When the Dragon King saw the blood river, he couldn't help but snorted coldly. Then he looked up to the sky and roared. The next moment, he directly hit the blood river without any fancy, just hit it straight, and then... Hearing a loud bang, Xuehe and the giant dragon collided with each other. The dragon's body was suddenly stunned and could no longer move forward. Xuehe also disappeared. The long sword in Zhao Hai's hand The halberd was placed on the head of the giant dragon. One person and one dragon were actually deadlocked there.

In the eyes of ordinary people, this is almost impossible. Zhao Hai's body shape is not even as big as one scale of the giant dragon. But now, this man and the dragon are deadlocked there. How powerful is Zhao Hai? As you can imagine, they were tough, and then one person and one dragon retreated at the same time.

Zhao Hai held up the halberd in his hand, looked at the dragon, smiled slightly and said: "You are very good and powerful, but if you can only do this, it will be too boring." After speaking, Zhao Hai waved the halberd in his hand, and the next moment his figure completely disappeared, and a trace of blood rain fell from the sky.

Not to be outdone, the giant dragon snorted coldly and said: "Zhao Hai, you seem to have forgotten, what am I? I am a dragon, and dragons can make clouds and rain. You make it rain in front of me. , I really don’t know what to say.” The next moment, the dragon’s body twisted a few times, and countless black mist appeared around his body, directly surrounding him, making his figure disappear in an instant. In the black mist, the blood rain fell into the black mist, but disappeared directly.

Zhao Hai's voice came: "Okay, as expected, there are two times, you are picking up my move." This voice was so erratic that I couldn't hear it. Where did this voice come from? He was on the left for a while, and then for a while. On the right, sometimes up, sometimes down, the position is erratic. Naturally, no one knows where the sound comes from.

As soon as Zhao Hai's voice fell, he saw a huge mountain falling from above, directly hitting the black mist transformed by the giant dragon. A loud bang was heard, and the giant dragon transformed into black mist. The black mist was instantly dispersed, and the mountain crashed directly onto the giant dragon.

The giant dragon screamed and kept struggling on the rocky mountain. It was obvious that there was sea water below him, so he should not be harmed too much. However, the giant dragon had many broken scales on its body, and was constantly sweating. Black Mist, as soon as they saw this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately understood that the dragon was seriously injured. People from the Shadow Clan behave like this when they are seriously injured. He is really seriously injured now. .

Then the mountain disappeared, and the next moment cities suddenly appeared beside the dragon. Countless people rushed out of the cities and attacked the dragon. These people kept charging at the dragon. The giant dragon kept struggling, but he seemed to be trapped by some kind of force and couldn't struggle at all. In the end, he was beaten black and blue by those people.

This was not over yet. Then, a river of blood appeared in front of the giant dragon and immediately covered the dragon inside. After a while, the entire body of the giant dragon was covered by the river of blood. Just at this moment, a large mountain fell from the sky and hit directly under the Blood River. However, countless logs appeared in the Blood River. These logs all stood up, as if they were a giant mountain. Like huge nails, they were smashed directly into the body of the giant dragon by the mountain. At that moment, the giant dragon turned into a huge hedgehog whose whole body was covered with logs. It looked very miserable.