c7673 fight

This is exactly the terrifying thing about the Xuanming Ghost Sword. There is boundless chill in the Xuanming Ghost Sword, and at the same time there is also a trace of sinister aura. His sword energy has more than just a cold effect. , but with a hint of cold poison and a hint of darkness, which will make people feel that the surroundings are full of ghosts, as if entering the eighteenth level of hell. It is with this sword energy that he can travel across the Wanshan Realm. for many years.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong, smiled slightly and said: "This sword spirit is quite interesting." After saying this, Zhao Hai's aura also increased fiercely, and the blood-red sword spirit became a bit richer, and the boundless sword energy was a little stronger. The murderous aura was astonishing, as if he were on a battlefield with mountains of corpses and seas of blood.

This made Gongsun Yulong's face even more ugly. Although he had never seen Zhao Hai's sword intent before, he could feel the boundless killing intent from Zhao Hai's sword intent. This kind of killing intent was not What ordinary people can have, what is certain is that Zhao Hai's hands must be covered with blood, and there must be many people who die in his hands. Otherwise, he would not have such a strong killing intent. .

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Senior Gongsun, you have hidden wounds on your body, and your strength is probably even worse now. In this case, I will fight with you, right? For you, it’s really unfair. Let’s do this. I can give you ten days of rest and at the same time provide you with healing medicine. After ten days, you and I will have a fair fight, how about that?”

Zhao Hai actually didn't want to fight with Gongsun Yulong, but he knew that if you couldn't let him know your strength, he wouldn't really join the Blood Killing Sect, so he wanted to fight with Gongsun Yulong. Bu Yulong took action, and the reason why he said this now was that he wanted to use these ten days to let Gongsun Yulong know the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as he knew the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, then maybe he would directly If you join the Blood Killing Sect, you don't have to do anything anymore.

When Gongsun Yulong heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes flashed with anger. He then said: "Boy, what do you mean by this? Don't you look down on me? Just suffer death." After that, he moved. , rushed straight towards Zhao Hai. While rushing over, he pointed his right hands together into a sword and rowed straight towards Zhao Hai.

Even though he didn't have a sword in his hand, he just stretched out his fingers to draw towards him, but Zhao Hai knew very well that Gongsun Yulong's fingers were definitely no worse than his sword. With his level of strength, in his hand It actually doesn't matter whether he has a sword or not. Now he can really say that without a sword in his hand, but with a sword in his heart, everything can be in the realm of the sword. So even if he only uses his fingers to swipe it, he is still extremely powerful. .

Zhao Hai looked at his look and couldn't help laughing and said: "Senior, I've been offended." After saying that, Zhao Hai also pointed his fingers together into a sword, and crossed Gongsun Yulong's fingers, and the two of them intertwined their fingers. When they hit each other, a clang was heard, and the sound of gold and iron was heard between the two people's fingers, and energy overflowed where the two people's fingers touched, shaking the surroundings. The sea water was empty in an instant, and above their heads, there was a bang. If there was a sound like a cannonball exploding, it was obvious that the energy was transmitted to the water above their heads and sprayed out. This The sound that just came out.

Originally, the Dragon Realm was filled with water, but since the dragon was taken care of by Zhao Hai, the water in the Dragon Realm has been slowly decreasing. Now, a few hundred meters above Zhao Hai and the others, there is It is already on the water surface, which is completely different from the original situation where the entire interface was filled with water.

Gongsun Yulong felt an incomparable force coming from his fingers. He could no longer stabilize his body and retreated straight back for a hundred meters. Only then did he stand firm without any force. But Zhao Hai still stood there with a smile on his face, as if nothing was wrong.

When he saw this situation, Gongsun Yulong's face couldn't help but become angry. He had already estimated Zhao Hai's strength to Qiangli as much as possible, but he still didn't expect that he would be so strong. This made Gongsun Yulong extremely surprised. , his eyes were fixed on Zhao Hai, and now he couldn't help but have some doubts about Zhao Hai's words. How could a person who had just ascended from the lower world have such strong strength? This was impossible. Even if he had practiced here in the Tianlong Babu Realm for a period of time, he would not have been so strong. He felt that Zhao Hai was lying. And he was not polite and said it directly. He looked at Zhao Hai and said coldly: "You lied. You didn't ascend from the lower world at all. Who are you?"

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong, smiled slightly and said: "I didn't lie. I am indeed Zhao Hai, and I did ascend from the lower world. You think I lied, just because I am strong. Could it be said that I ascended from the lower world?" Can’t the people who come up be strong? Not necessarily.”

Gongsun Yulong looked at Zhao Hai and sneered: "Boy, the people who ascended from the lower realm are really not strong. Even if they are powerful in the lower realm, when they reach the upper realm, their strength will be compressed to a certain level." It is a very low level, because what they cultivate in the lower realm is itself a less powerful spiritual energy. When it reaches the upper realm, it will naturally be compressed. Therefore, your strength cannot be brought up from the lower realm. I'm afraid you haven't been in the Tianlong Babu Realm for a long time, right? So your skills cannot be developed in the past few years, and you definitely can't be a person who ascended from the lower realms."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Senior, you don't know, this does not mean that there is no such thing. I did ascend from the lower world, and my strength did not develop until I got here." It’s not just me who has become so strong. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have only recovered their strength after arriving here. I can say that their strength is no worse than any other sect in the Wanshan Realm.”

Gongsun Yulong snorted coldly and said: "Okay, I will know if you try it. I really don't believe it. You can still hide your strength." After saying this, Gongsun Yulong moved and rushed towards Zhao Hai. He went over and pointed his finger directly at Zhao Hai. This finger was very fast and had an incomparable sharpness. In this sharpness, there was also a hint of coldness, making it feel extremely powerful.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, let's give it a try." After saying that, he also walked up to him, and pointed his finger directly at Gongsun Yulong's finger, and heard a crisp sound. , the fingers of the two people collided, but this time there was no energy coming out. On the contrary, it was like two people, holding two swords, lightly attacking each other, but the sword moves in the hands of the two people behind the Yin were all different. With a twist, Gongsun Yulong's finger pointed directly towards Zhao Hai's throat, but Zhao Hai's finger still pointed towards Gongsun Yulong's finger.

There was another blocking sound, and Gongsun Yulong's fingers changed one direction at a time, pointing directly towards Zhao Hai's chest. Zhao Hai's fingers changed their moves, and unexpectedly met Gongsun Yulong's fingers again. There was another clang, and the two The man's fingers were separated at one time, and Gongsun Yulong was obviously using real fire. He did not expect that Zhao Hai could block several of his moves in succession. His sword pointed faster, and Zhao Hai also attacked faster. For a while, the sound of Dang Dang was heard.

The two fought for more than a hundred rounds. Gongsun Yulong suddenly stopped and retreated. He stopped about a hundred meters away from Zhao Hai. Then he stared at Zhao Hai, because he looked at Zhao Hai. It can be seen that Zhao Hai has always given way to him before. The two of them seemed to have exchanged more than a hundred swords, but every time Zhao Hai's finger was on his finger, what does this mean? What does this mean? Hai could see his sword path clearly, and then he made a sword move that was exactly the same as his, blocking his sword move completely. Such strength really surprised him.

Zhao Hai also looked at Gongsun Yulong, and then he lowered his head and looked at his fingers. His fingers were already covered with a layer of black. The black seemed to be like a layer of frost covering his fingers. Zhao Hai lightly He moved his fingers lightly, and the black frost disappeared. When he saw Zhao Hai's actions, Gongsun Yulong's face was shocked again. He did not expect that Zhao Hai didn't care at all about his own unique Xuanming ghost energy, which made him even more surprised.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong, then smiled slightly and said: "Senior Gongsun's true energy is very interesting, but in my opinion, the hidden wounds on Senior Gongsun's body are probably left by his true energy. Every day, Senior Gongsun, Are you afraid that you will suffer from the cold poison? Senior Gongsun has endured it for so many years, Zhao Hai really has to admire him."

When Gongsun Yulong heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes couldn't help but shrink. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would know the biggest secret about him. What Zhao Hai said was right. He would He had to suffer from the attack of cold poison, but he had never told anyone about this matter. How did Zhao Hai know about it?

Gongsun Yulong did have a chance encounter and mastered this kind of miraculous skill, but without the guidance of a famous teacher, he could only explore it on his own. During one practice, his true energy went wrong, and he almost went crazy. Although he was okay in the end. However, several acupuncture points on his body were injured. From then on, every hour, he would suffer from the invasion of cold poison. No one had ever known about this matter, but Zhao Hai now directly said It really surprised him.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong, smiled slightly and said: "Senior Gongsun, how do you feel about my strength? If Senior Gongsun agrees to join our Blood Killing Sect, then I can heal your injuries." Having said this, Afterwards, Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong with a smile.

Gongsun Yulong looked at Zhao Hai with very complicated eyes. Although the two of them had only fought for a short time, he was already very clear about Zhao Hai's strength. To be honest, Zhao Hai's strength was completely To his surprise, he was sure that even when he was in his prime, he might not be Zhao Hai's opponent, let alone now. It would not be difficult for Zhao Hai to kill him now, but now Zhao Hai is like this He said that this made him really unsure.