c7672 Xuan Ming Ghost Sword

Gongsun Yulong did not speak, but looked at Shi Jin calmly. When Zhao Hai heard what Shi Jin said, he became even more curious. He looked at Shi Jin and said, "Tell me carefully, this Gongsun Dao My friend is actually a casual cultivator? This is really rare."

Zhao Hai's practice of inquiring about other people's details in front of others is actually very taboo in the world of cultivation. However, Zhao Hai didn't care, and what he said was very useful to Gongsun Yulong. He was who? In Shi Jin's words, he is a master who is famous in the Wanshan world. What does "famous" mean? Even in one area, his reputation is very big, but in the entire world of cultivation, his strength can only be regarded as upper-level, not top-level.

But Zhao Hai's last sentence did not mention his achievements, but only his identity. He was a casual cultivator, and until now, Shi Jin still said that he was a casual cultivator, which means that he has always been a cultivator. He is a casual cultivator and has not been recruited by any sect. This means that he is actually very proud of his identity as a casual cultivator. Therefore, Zhao Hai specifically pointed out his identity as a casual cultivator, which really means that he is a casual cultivator. It was getting to his itch.

Shi Jin glanced at Gongsun Yulong, nodded and said: "Exactly, Senior Gongsun is a master of casual cultivation. I heard that he is very talented, but people from various sects are blind to gold. Xiangyu, several members of the sect failed to recruit Senior Gongsun into the sect, causing Senior Gongsun to miss the best opportunity to practice. However, Senior Gongsun never gave up his pursuit of the Tao. At the age of sixteen When he was young, he left his hometown and went around to seek enlightenment. Finally, when he and his companions entered the tomb of an ancient power, they received a bit of inheritance and cultivated the Xuanming Ghost Sword. After completing the swordsmanship, he did not join any A sect is still struggling in the Wanshan Realm as a casual cultivator, and is one of the few masters among the casual cultivators in the Wanshan Realm."

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to look at Gongsun Yulong, then saluted Gongsun Yulong and said: "Senior Gongsun, I am Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. Now I represent the Blood Killing Sect. Officially I invite senior to join me in the bloody killing, what do you think of senior?"

Shi Jin and Gongsun Yulong were both stunned by Zhao Hai's words. Then Gongsun Yulong looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Did you hear what Shi Jin said before? I am a casual cultivator, so I can't After joining any sect, you still want to invite me? What's the reason?"

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong, smiled slightly and said: "Senior, it is right not to join the sects of Wanshan Realm, but my Blood Killing Sect is not a sect of Wanshan Realm, but came from the lower realm. , Senior, joining our Blood Killing Sect has only advantages and no disadvantages. Although our Blood Killing Sect is still in the world of Tianlong and Babu, I dare to say that the strength of our Blood Killing Sect is not weaker than anyone in Wanshan Realm. A sect with much greater potential than them, senior joining our Blood Killing Sect, for me, this is equivalent to giving myself a chance, senior please think carefully."

When Gongsun Yulong heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he glanced at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Good boy, you know how to say it, but you are a sect from the lower realm. What qualifications do you have to say that you are no better than me?" Sect masters from Wanshan Realm? Aren’t you still trapped here?”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Actually, we are not trapped here. Rather than being trapped here, it is better to say that we are training here. We ascended from the lower world. When we first ascended, our strength was naturally higher than We no longer belong to any sect, so we train here, and now I can say that the strength of our Blood Killing Sect is not weaker than any sect in the Wanshan Realm, and this is not my boast."

Gongsun Yulong turned his head and glanced at Shi Jin, and suddenly said: "I am very curious about the boy who stole the door. What is his identity now? Why do you listen to him?" When Gongsun Yulong knew this, Jin's identity, so he became even more curious. He really couldn't understand why a person who stole the door would listen to Zhao Hai's words.

Shi Jin smiled bitterly and said: "I can no longer be regarded as a member of the thieves. Seniors may not know that this Tianlong Babu Realm is divided into eight interfaces. The first interface is called the Black and White Battlefield, which is our ten thousand It is a place where the sects of the mountain world fight against the Shadow Clan. I was sent here by the stolen sect, but I did not expect that some elders of the sects here would collude with the people of the Shadow Clan and betray us. Well, they retreated, but they left us behind to deal with the Shadow Clan people, and they also blocked the way out. I am afraid that I am already a dead person at the Thieving Gate now. It was the Sect Leader who saved me. , let me join the Blood Killing Sect, so I am now an elder of the Blood Killing Sect."

Gongsun Yulong was stunned when he heard what Shi Jin said. He then looked at Shi Jin and said, "Someone is colluding with the Shadow Clan? The Shadow Clan and us monks have a huge hatred that is not the same as the heavens. There are still people who collude with us monks." Are the Shadow Clan colluding? Are they crazy? Aren't they afraid that people from their sect will find out about it in the future and punish them with a crime that would bring them to justice?"

Shi Jin smiled bitterly and said: "Then someone must know about it. Except for those who are complicit with them, the rest of the people who know about this matter are all left here by them. We have no way to get out, let alone put them away." Tell them what they have done to the sect, and of course they will be safe.”

When Gongsun Yulong heard what Shi Jin said, he turned his head to Zhao Hai. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "So, are you sure you can get out of here? This is an inner space refined by others. Do the people in the inner space understand? ? This place has its own rules. Even when I am in my prime, it would be extremely difficult to get out of here. Do you have a way to get out of here? "

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Of course, this place is called Tianlong Babu Realm, which should be composed of eight interfaces. We have conquered seven of them now. As long as we conquer the next interface, we can start from We are out here, as long as senior joins our Blood Killing Sect, he will naturally be able to go out with us."

Gongsun Yulong's eyes flashed coldly, and he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "You mean, if I don't join the Blood Killing Sect, you won't take me with you when you go out? Are you sure?" Gongsun Yulong? Although Yulong was a little afraid of Zhao Hai, since he knew that Zhao Hai ascended from the lower world, he couldn't help but feel a little contempt in his heart, so he became more and more rude in his words.

Zhao Hai was not angry after listening to Gongsun Yulong's words. He just looked at Gongsun Yulong with a calm face and said: "So that senior can know that I am indeed sure, and senior, you appeared here, saw me, and knew about me." Blood Killing Sect, then it is impossible for you not to join my Blood Killing Sect. If you don’t join my Blood Killing Sect, then you will have no choice but to die. I will not allow anyone to know the details of my Blood Killing Sect but not join me. The people of the Blood Killing Sect should leave here alive."

Shi Jin stood behind Zhao Hai with an expressionless face. He had already guessed that this would be the case, and he was very confident in Zhao Hai. Although Gongsun Yulong was said to be very strong, Shi Jin was really He doesn’t believe that Gongsun Yulong can be Zhao Hai’s opponent. In his eyes, Zhao Hai is a monster. Although Gongsun Yulong’s power is strong, it cannot be stronger than Zhao Hai. The only one who fails in the end is Gongsun Yulong. .

When Gongsun Yulong heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned at first, and then burst into laughter. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Hahahaha, interesting, it's so interesting. It's been a long time since anyone dared to talk to me like this. Back then, The leader of the Jade Buddha Temple did not dare to talk to me like this. Although he trapped me, he could not kill me. I didn’t expect that I would meet a person like you here today. You actually dared to talk to me like this. , it really surprised me."

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong and smiled slightly: "It doesn't matter. As long as senior joins the Blood Killing Sect, then I will naturally not talk to him like this. If senior doesn't want to join the Blood Killing Sect, then I will I won’t talk to you like this anymore, senior, because you can’t hear me anymore.”

"What a strong tone. I really want to see how strong you are." After saying this, the sword energy on Gongsun Yulong's body rose into the sky, and the surrounding sea water was immediately pushed away, but Shi Jin noticed , the amount of sea water seemed to be much less, which made him a little puzzled.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Shi Jin, go back and tell the people of the sect that the Dragon King here in the Dragon Realm has been destroyed, so the sea water here will slowly recede, so that they don't have to worry about it, and let the sect Disciples of the sect, please step back and don't be affected." Shi Jin responded, then moved and disappeared directly beside Zhao Hai. This time, he did not use the teleportation array, but flew away directly.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong and said: "Senior wants to try my strength. It's nothing. I will play with you to see how strong senior is. Senior uses a sword. In order to show my strength to senior, With all due respect, I will use my sword today." After saying this, a sword energy also rose into the sky from Zhao Hai's body. His sword energy was blood red, with a strong smell of blood. At the same time, Zhao Hai Hai's expression also changed, his eyes flashed with murderous intent, and his whole person was surrounded by murderous aura, as if he was an evil ghost who had just climbed out of hell.

As soon as he felt Zhao Hai's aura, Gongsun Yulong's expression couldn't help but change. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai's aura would change so much in an instant. Moreover, looking at him before, he should be a physical cultivator. , why he suddenly became a sword cultivator and seemed to be not weak at all, which puzzled him very much.

However, Zhao Hai's aura had already suppressed him at this time and was entangled with his aura, making him unable to distract himself from thinking about these things. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Good boy, your strength is pretty good. Come on, I really want to see if your sword cultivation is that strong." As he said this, his sword energy became stronger again, and at the same time, his sword energy also changed. His sword energy before It had always been transparent, but now it was different. Now their sword energy had turned black, and most importantly, it was very cold, freezing the seawater around him.