c7671 Temple of the Emerald Buddha

It was obvious to the old man that he was a sword cultivator, and an extremely powerful sword cultivator. He originally didn't know who Zhao Hai was, but now that he saw Zhao Hai's performance, he was immediately sure. Zhao Hai is a physical cultivator, and a very powerful one. .

When the sword cultivator met the physical cultivator, they were definitely evenly matched. The sword cultivator’s attack power was strong, while the physical cultivator’s defense and survivability were definitely the first. This had always been the case, so after the old man discovered Zhao Hai’s identity , and did not attack immediately. His current strength is not as good as before. Although his sword intention is extremely powerful, there is no problem with this sword intention against those who are not as strong as him, but if he encounters For a person with similar strength to him, it's really hard to say.

Sword intent and sword energy are actually different. Sword intent is a bit like murderous intent. Murderous intent is intangible and qualityless. Of course, if you practice to a high level, it can indeed be tangible and qualitative. , but when they deal with some people who are not very strong, the effect is very good. A look may kill the opponent, but if they face a powerful master, it will not work at all. It's the same, especially for masters of the same level as them, the sword intent, murderous intent, these things have a very small impact on the opponent.

This is why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not directly attack the enemy with murderous intent, but will combine the murderous intent with their own skills. Especially when the murderous intent is combined with the blessing of their own skills, the power will definitely be It is so huge that it is impossible for ordinary people to stop it.

It was precisely because the old man discovered that Zhao Hai was so powerful that his own sword energy could not do anything to Zhao Hai. Even if Zhao Hai did not use any skills, he would never be hurt by their sword energy, so that The old man did not attack rashly, but looked at Zhao Hai more carefully, but found nothing.

Zhao Hai was also looking at the old man, and after a while he said: "Fellow Taoist, please, I really don't know who you are talking about. This is an inner space, or a Buddhist great master." The inner space left behind, but the Buddhist power that left this inner space has passed away long ago, and I don’t know if he is the empty one you said.”

When the old man heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression couldn't help but change. He turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, "What did you say? You mean, Liao Kong is dead?" The old man really said He didn't expect that he wanted to take revenge, but when he came out, someone told him that his enemy was dead. How could he not be shocked?

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Fellow Taoist, I really don't know if this place was created by Kong Kong as you said. I don't know Kong Kong as you said." Zhao Hai really He had never heard of Kong, but he was almost certain that the Kong mentioned by the old man should be the Buddhist great master who established this inner space.

The old man looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "This inner space was built by Ling Kong. When Ling Kong just built this inner space, I happened to catch up with him, so I had a fight with him. In the end, I After losing to him, he used the inner space to directly trap me here. For so many years, I have been trying to find a way out, but he used the power of this inner space to trap me here alive. Now The power in this space was a little loose, so I rushed out, boy, you said Kong was dead, how did he die?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "I don't know. I only know that after refining the inner space, he fought with others before the inner space was completely completed, and finally died of serious injuries." Zhao Hai did not lie. The rumors in Wanshan Realm are indeed like this, but this is just a rumor, because Wanshan Realm still doesn’t know whether this inner space was refined by the one in Wanshan Realm. People only know that there is an inner space here. According to the situation in the space, it should be refined by a Buddhist power, but this inner space has not been refined, so there are all kinds of speculations. Whether it's true or not, I'm afraid even the people in Wanshan Realm don't know.

When the old man heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but let out a long sigh, then laughed loudly and said loudly: "Well, you're in trouble, you actually used such a method to trap me here, hahahaha, wait a minute When I go out, I will definitely kill your Jade Buddha Sect and leave no chickens or dogs behind." When the old man said this, his tone was filled with boundless murderous intent.

At this time, a person appeared next to Zhao Hai. This person was Shi Jin. He saluted Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "I have met the sect master." Shi Jin is now also an elder of the Blood Killing Sect, and He was still one of the most powerful ones, and he was also a member of the Upper Realm Thieves. When the Thieves were in the Upper Realm, they always had the most clever intelligence, so Zhao Hai called him over and wanted to ask. He didn't know the details of this old man, and he also wanted to ask him if he knew about Sora.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and then said to Shi Jin: "Shi Jin, have you ever heard of Kong Kong from the Jade Buddha Sect?" Zhao Hai directly asked Kong's identity because he was really very curious about this. Who is Kong? As long as they know Kong's identity, they won't have so many problems when they enter the Wanshan Realm.

When Shi Jin heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned, and then he immediately said: "Yes, Sect Master, I know the Jade Buddha Sect, and I also know Kong. The Jade Buddha Sect is a Buddhist sect that disappeared a hundred years ago. They The Buddhism practiced by the sect is somewhat special, but they were exterminated a hundred years ago, and Liao Kong is the last generation to preside over the Jade Buddha Sect."

At this point, he paused and then said: "The Jade Buddha Gate is also called the Jade Buddha Temple. I heard that there is an Jade Buddha in the temple, which is the source of all their inheritance. It was established a thousand years ago and has been established for five generations. Kong Zheng was the last head of the Jade Buddha Temple. He took over as the abbot of the Jade Buddha Temple two hundred years ago, and he only reigned for a hundred years. Later, I heard that the Jade Buddha Temple was part of the Xuanjia Sect, and the Xuanjia Sect was a member of the Wanjia Sect. There was a very famous physical cultivation sect in the mountain world, but it was later exterminated by the Xuanjia Sect. It was said that when the Xuanjia Sect destroyed their sect, they encountered fierce resistance, but the strength of the Jade Buddha Temple was not It’s not very strong, so it’s not taken very seriously.”

The old man listened quietly to the conversation between the two, and waited until Shi Jin finished speaking. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Who are you? How can I understand the meaning of your words? You seem to be interested in Wan Wan." Don’t you know about the Mountain Realm?” When the old man heard that Shi Jin introduced Wanshan Realm in such a detailed manner, he felt strange that when the Tao is in Wanshan Realm, almost everyone in Wanshan Realm knows about Wanshan Realm. In the mountain world, the situation of each sect is very well understood, so now that Shi Jin told Zhao Hai in such detail, he couldn't help but feel a little strange.

Zhao Hai looked at the old man's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "There is nothing to hide. I am Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. My Blood Killing Sect is not a sect from the Wanshan Realm. I ascended from the lower world. A sect that came up, but for some unknown reason, suddenly ascended to the world of Tianlongbabu, which is an inner space interface created by the Master Liaokong you mentioned. It has not been able to get out yet, so we have nothing to do with Wanshan. It’s true that we don’t know much about the world.”

When the old man heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai steadily and said: "You mean, you are not from the Wanshan Realm, but you ascended from the lower realm? What you said But really?" The old man really didn't believe Zhao Hai's words. How could a person who ascended from the lower world have such strength? This made him really unable to believe it.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It is true. My Blood Killing Sect did ascend from the lower world. There is nothing to hide. There is no need for me to lie to you, fellow Taoist. But having said that, who am I, fellow Taoist?" , I still don’t know, I wonder if fellow Taoist can tell me his name?”

The old man was stunned, and then he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He nodded, and then turned to look at Shi Jin. He knew that Zhao Hai might not understand the situation in Wanshan Realm, but Shi Jin should Yes, Zhao Hai should be trying to find out his details now, but he also has his pride, the pride of a sword cultivator, so he said: "There is nothing that cannot be said, I, Xuanming Ghost Sword Gongsun Yulong."

As soon as he heard the old man's name, Shi Jin's expression changed. He looked at the old man and said, "Xuanming Sword Ghost Gongsun Yulong? Is this the Xuanming Ghost Sword Gongsun Yulong who disappeared a hundred and fifty years ago? This How is that possible?" He was really surprised. It was obvious that he had heard of this old man's name.

Zhao Hai turned his head and glanced at Shi Jin, and said in a deep voice: "What? Is Fellow Taoist Gongsun very famous? Please tell me carefully." Zhao Hai was very curious about the identity of this old man, but he could guess it. Well, with this old man’s strength, he couldn’t be an unknown person, so that’s why he said this.

Gongsun Yulong looked at Shi Jin and said in a deep voice: "Boy, I feel a very interesting smell from your body. Why does it smell like those rats? Are you a burglar?" His eyes were fixed. Looking at Shi Jin, the words in his mouth were very rude, and he even called Shi Jin a mouse directly.

An awkward smile appeared on Shi Jin's face, but then he still said: "Yes, senior, I am a member of the Thieving Sect. The seventy-third generation disciple of the Thieving Sect, Shi Jin, has met Senior Gongsun." After that, he saluted Gongsun Yulong. It seemed that he respected Gongsun Yulong very much.

Zhao Hai listened to the conversation between the two and glanced at them again. Finally, he turned to look at Shi Jin and said, "Shi Jin, is this fellow Taoist Gongsun very famous in the Wanshan world?" When he saw it, Zhao Hai had already guessed Shi Jin's appearance. At this time, Shi Jin was probably really famous in Wanshan Realm, otherwise Shi Jin wouldn't have reacted like this.

When Shi Jin heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "Yes, the sect leader, Senior Gongsun, is very famous in Wanshan Realm. He is a long-famous figure among casual cultivators. He has Xuanming sword skills and is the best in the world." There are few rivals, he is a famous master in Wanshan Realm, and I have been famous for a long time."