c7677 arrange

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Forget it, it's not a big deal. It's not just you, all of us have been a little negligent. No one is to blame for this matter, so what we have to do now is to establish the Xuanwu Sea as soon as possible. It is better for the Hai Clan people to live in the sea after being branched out. However, for the sake of fame, your Shenji Hall must also take action. In the future, your Shenji Hall must develop a method that allows the Sea Clan to live in the sea. When operating on land, the magic circle that has no impact at all comes out. Chang Jun, please arrange it. The Hai people must live on land for a few months every year. I think it is limited to three months. Well, at the same time, our disciples on land must also live in the sea for several months. We must adapt to the different environments, so that no matter what kind of enemies we encounter in the future, we can deal with them. .”

Wen Yuming and Chang Jun both responded, and then Zhao Hai turned to Zhu Yong and said: "Zhu Yong, you must also take action, especially those Hai tribes who have newly joined our Blood Killing Sect. We must strictly monitor them. If That's fine if they don't take any action. If they dare to mess around, report it to me immediately. It's not easy for our Blood Killing Sect to get to where we are today, and we will never allow any unexpected situations to happen."

In fact, as long as those sea people have external incarnations, Zhao Hai will see every move they make, but he can't let other people in the Blood Killing Sect know this, so he must ask Zhu Yong to fight against this. Son, only in this way will there be no problems.

Zhu Yong also responded, Zhao Hai nodded, then looked at the eyes of several people, and then said in a deep voice: "Wen Hai and the others are coming out too, we can arrange for the next group of people to go to the time acceleration area to practice. This time the personnel must be chosen carefully and not act randomly." Everyone agreed.

Zhao Hai then said: "There are so many things going on at the moment. As for attacking the next interface, there are still many things. We still have to be careful and not rush." ​​Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai stood up. He got up, waved his hands to everyone and said: "Okay, everyone, go back, just do these things well, go." Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, turned around and left .

After everyone left, Laura said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, the matter of the Sea Clan was solved so easily?" In fact, Laura was still a little dissatisfied with the Sea Clan. The Sea Clan actually wanted to Otherwise, Laura would not be able to accept what Zhao Hai said, so he said this.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "The Sea Clan has suffered a great loss. The only races that have not suffered any losses now are the Sailfish Clan and the Shark Clan. The people of these two races are very smart people. We cannot be too harsh on them." It's too much. Separate them all. This way, the racial emotions between them will gradually decrease. In the future, they will truly and completely integrate into the Blood Killing Sect. There is no need to worry about anything. It will be fine. .”

Laura snorted and said: “That’s what they asked for themselves. They think they are so great and dare to challenge us. If they were willing to listen to us, such a thing would never happen. Forget it. Let’s not talk about this matter anymore, are you really not going to let them enter the time joining area to retreat this time?”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Yes, let them go. I won't object, and Chang Jun and the others will agree, because this time I let them command the battle, that's what I mean, so let them go." There won’t be any problems if you go into retreat in the accelerated area, so you don’t have to worry.”

Laura nodded and said: "That's good, but then again, according to Gongsun Yulong, we still have two interfaces to attack. Aren't you worried?" Laura's reaction to Gongsun Yulong This situation was still very worrying. They originally thought that there was only one interface to conquer, but they did not expect that there were two more interfaces. Although there was only one more interface, it was still very stressful for them.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "There is nothing to worry about. We will know what is going on by then. I think this matter may not be that difficult to deal with, so don't worry." Zhao Hai is really not too worried. In his opinion, , it’s just two interfaces. If he is really pushed into a hurry, he can just take down those two interfaces by himself. There won’t be any surprises, so he doesn’t worry about anything at all.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and didn't say much, but nodded and said: "Okay, let's not talk about this. Brother Hai, let's go back and have a rest. You are too busy these days. , By the way, the Dragon King is really weird, he contains extremely strong water element, do you want to go and have a look?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "There is nothing good to see. It is said to be a dragon bead. In fact, it is not a dragon bead. It is just a demon elixir from a high-level dragon-like monster. After refining, it becomes the dragon bead. I’ve already seen it, there’s nothing to pay attention to, we’d better rest for a few days, we’ll have to attack the Heavenly Realm in a while.”

Laura smiled and said: "Okay, I really don't know what the human world was like that day. I really want to know what the heavenly world was like. I'm really curious." With that said, the two of them returned to the space. They wanted to rest. Naturally, they wanted to go to the space to rest, and they would not stay outside.

In the following days, the people of the Blood Killing Sect have been busy with the affairs of the Hai Clan. Before Elder Jiu Ling could ask for a request and dispersed the people of each race to each branch, the Blood Killing Sect immediately went down. The order was issued to build 13,690 new branches in Xuanwu Sea. Therefore, the Hai tribe will be assigned to different branches to start a new life. The original gathering areas of each tribe will be preserved. , some young masters from various clans can live in the gathering area, but after reaching a certain age, they must go to live in each branch.

At the same time, all sea tribes live on land for three months every year. They must learn how to fight and live on land. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect on land must also learn how to live and live in the sea. Fighting is something that all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must learn.

But at the same time, news came from the Shenji Hall of the Blood Killing Sect. They had come up with a transformational formation. This transformational formation has a characteristic, that is, it can change the elemental structure around a person. An ordinary When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect enter the sea with this transformation circle, they will feel that the surrounding water is like air, and they can breathe at will without being affected by Ren Bao. They want to be in that element The battle will not have any impact, and the same is true for the Sea Clan. They bring this magic circle to the land, then they can directly breathe the air on the land and feel as if they are in the water. This kind of The transformation of the magic circle is said to be a very important invention of the Blood Killing Sect.

In addition to this transformation array, the elixir technology of the Blood Killing Sect has been greatly improved, because a large number of plants and animals from the sea have been obtained. These things can be used as medicine, and after these things are used as medicine, It will produce certain changes in the various elixirs of the Blood Killing Sect, which also caused a change in the Blood Killing Sect's medicine industry. At the same time, the Blood Killing Sect also began to produce various different types of elixirs. Even these pills are generally Under normal circumstances, they would not be distributed to disciples, but these pills must be available, because only in this way can they meet unexpected needs.

After Jiuling Lao and the others received these orders from the sect, they all breathed a long sigh of relief. He found that the Blood Killing Sect indeed treated them like ordinary disciples, and in their view, such a request was It is very reasonable. They must live on land and be familiar with how to fight on land. Only in this way can they truly participate in the battle of the Blood Killing Sect.

The Blood Killing Sect will still have to fight with the Heaven and Human Realm, and also with the unknown interface. Even if they leave here and reach the Wanshan Realm, there will definitely be no shortage of fighting opportunities, and most of the time they will , are all fighting people on land. If they, the sea people, don't learn how to fight people on land, then those sea people will never be able to truly become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, just like Just like the previous Sea Clan.

Although the Blood Slaughter Sect had the Sea Clan in the past, and although the Sea Clan had a large number of people, they did not participate in the battle of the Blood Slaughter Sect. Precisely because of this, they had no contribution points. They will not be able to exchange for more supplies, and their strength will increase very slowly. This is not good news for them.

In fact, before Jiuling Lao and the others joined the Blood Killing Sect, the Sea Clan in the Blood Killing Sect were in a state of being almost forgotten. Although the sect would give them materials and treatment as a sect, they In fact, they were marginalized by the sect. When the Blood Killing Sect counted the number of disciples, they did not even count them. This is enough to explain the problem. And this is what Jiuling Lao, the most Things to worry about.

It's okay now. Now the Blood Killing Sect has begun to manage the Sea Clan, and they also want the people of the Sea Clan to live and train on land. This means that the Blood Killing Sect has finally begun to face up to their power. , as long as they are taken seriously by the sect, and as long as they are allowed to participate in various battles of the sect, then they are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and can contribute to the Blood Killing Sect. In the same way, they can also make great progress. development of.

Elder Jiuling has already seen that in the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai is not afraid of your development or participation in the battle. At the same time, all tribes should not be afraid of participating in the battle. If you think your tribe has few people, in order to preserve your strength, you don’t want to If you participate in the battle, you won't be able to get contribution points. If you don't have contribution points, you won't get more materials, your training speed will slow down, and in the end you will be marginalized by the Blood Killing Sect, so absolutely You can't not participate in the battle of the Blood Killing Sect just because you're afraid of sacrifice. That's absolutely not possible. If you really do that, then you will be closing yourself off and waiting to be eliminated. .