c7670 Sword repair

"Ouch~!" A huge dragon roar reached everyone's ears, and everyone couldn't help but shudder. To be honest, they had never thought that the eight bloody battle styles could be used in this way. Yes, using the move of Corpse Mountain and Sea of ​​Blood, combined with the move of Blood Flowing Pestle, can still have such an effect. Isn't it surprising?

Moreover, Zhao Hai also used the bloody wind move before, and the Three Thousand Blood Kingdom also used it. He used the eight bloody battle moves, but they were different from the eight bloody battle moves used by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone I know that he used the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, but the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles he used were much more powerful than the Eight Blood Fighting Styles used by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. At least the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't do it. Those skill blessings are completely materialized. If the skill blessings of the eight bloody battle movements cannot be fully materialized, it is also impossible to completely combine the blood sea corpse mountain with the blood drifting pestle move. .

At this time, Zhao Hai's figure appeared in the sky above the giant dragon. Now the dragon's body was full of wounds. From those wounds, black mist was coming out. The black mist had just emerged. , and disappeared immediately. The black mist was not healing the dragon's body, but was equivalent to the blood on the dragon's body. In other words, the dragon was actually bleeding.

Zhao Hai stood on the top of the giant dragon's head. He looked at the giant dragon. Then he raised the halberd in his hand, and then thrust it down hard. The halberd sank into the top of the giant dragon's head, directly He inserted a big hole into the giant dragon's transparent head, and then the halberd suddenly became longer and stretched straight into the giant dragon's head.

The giant dragon screamed and began to struggle desperately, but in the end, it was nailed to the bottom of the sea by the halberd. It was like a dragon that was nailed to the board with a knife, but it was not dead for a moment. Snake, he kept struggling, but everyone knew that he was dead.

After a while, the dragon stopped struggling, and his body turned into a large ball of black gas, which floated up and finally disappeared. Zhao Hai pulled out the halberd with a wave of his hand. After taking it in his hand, he looked around and found no enemies, and he was relieved.

But at this moment, a sudden burst of wild laughter came and said: "Hahahaha, I am finally free. Hahahaha, I am finally free." Following this voice, an extremely sharp sword Qi suddenly shot up from a place in the Dragon Realm. This sword Qi was so powerful that it directly pushed away all the sea water around it. The sharp breath made Zhao Hai and the others even It can be felt even from a distance.

Zhao Hai looked at the direction from which the sword energy came, and then his face couldn't help but change slightly, and then he shouted: "Blood Killing Sect disciples listen to the order, retreat to the Xuanwu space, quickly." Following his voice, he The whole person has already rushed in that direction, and he has already felt that that direction is the way to the Dark Trench.

As soon as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard Zhao Hai's order, they all moved and disappeared directly without saying a word. They had no doubts about Zhao Hai's order, so they all used it. The portable teleportation array directly teleported him back to the Xuanwu space.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already arrived at the edge of the Dark Trench, and saw a black, extremely sharp sword energy rising into the sky from the Dark Trench. Although the sword energy was black, Zhao Hai still It's a very strange feeling to be able to clearly see the situation inside this sword energy, because everything in front of your eyes is black, but he can feel that all the situations in this black are like a figure, coming from the dark trench. From below, it rushed straight up.

The speed of this was very fast. At the beginning, he was still at the bottom of the Dark Trench. In the blink of an eye, he was in the middle of the Dark Trench. In another blink of an eye, the man had appeared on the top of the Dark Trench, and with Zhao The position of Hai was almost level, and at the same time, the man also saw Zhao Hai. He moved and appeared in front of Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at the man with a calm face. The man was wearing black clothes. Judging from the material, his black clothes should be very good, but now they look tattered. His hair is already a little gray, as if He looked like tangled grass, his beard was long, and his whole body was as thin as skin and bones, just like those beggars on the roadside who have been hungry for a long time.

But he carries boundless sword energy. This sword energy does not come from his sword. In fact, he does not have a sword in his hand. He only has a piece of shabby clothes on his body, but he His body is filled with boundless sword energy. Although he looks extremely thin, his sword energy has not diminished at all.

That man was also looking at Zhao Hai. After seeing Zhao Hai's appearance, he couldn't help but frowned and said, "Boy, who are you? Are you the disciple of that guy Liao Kong? No, that guy is Liao Kong." You are a member of the Buddhist sect, and he does not accept lay disciples? Who are you? Were you also caught by Liao Kong? "

When Zhao Hai heard what the man said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he shook his head and said, "This fellow Taoist has invited you. Who is Kong? I don't know him, but is he the owner of this space?" Zhao Hai I have almost guessed that the empty space mentioned by the old man may be the owner of this space, the Buddhist master who created this space.

When the old man heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes widened. He looked at Zhao Hai and snorted coldly: "Good boy, do you think you can deceive me? This space It was created by Kong Kong, but you dare to say that you don't know who Kong Kong is? You don't know who Kong Kong is, how did you get into this space?" His eyes stood up like this, and there was a wave of excitement. The sword intent pressed straight towards Zhao Hai. The sword intent was like a real sharp sword. With the strength of Zhao Hai's body, he felt a slight sting.

Zhao Hai is now absolutely sure that this old man is a sword cultivator, the purest sword cultivator, the last pure sword cultivator. Their lifelong pursuit is on the way of the sword. They may use swords in the beginning, but Finally, their swords have become integrated with their bodies. They are the swords and the swords are them. Such people are the most difficult to deal with because their attack power is almost unparalleled in the world.

The old man looked at Zhao Hai and couldn't help but let out a sigh. He knew his own strength. Although he had been imprisoned for many years and his strength was no longer as good as when it was at its peak, he knew that his sword intention was stronger than before. Stronger, an ordinary person would be crushed to pieces by his own sword energy, but the other party stood there as if nothing happened. This is enough to show the strength of the other party.

The old man looked down on Zhao Hai a little before, firstly because of Zhao Hai's age. Zhao Hai still looks less than thirty years old now, and he looks ordinary, and he doesn't have any aura, so the old man really looked down on him at first. He didn't take Zhao Hai seriously, but now that he was trying it, he couldn't help but feel a chill in his heart. He immediately knew that Zhao Hai was definitely not simple. He was a master at the same level as him. He couldn't help but put away his contempt and looked at Zhao Hai. He looked at Zhao Hai carefully.

When he looked at Zhao Hai, he really saw something. Zhao Hai was also dressed in black. Now his black clothes were constantly fluctuating. It was obvious that the black clothes were also affected by his sword energy. The pressure is constantly fluctuating, but the black clothes are not torn, which means that the black clothes are definitely a treasure.

He wears a golden crown on his head, but his golden crown is still on his head and is not affected by his sword power at all. It is obviously a treasure. There are two treasures of this level on one person at the same time. That means that this person's identity is definitely extraordinary. But the old man didn't have any greedy thoughts. Just as Zhao Hai guessed, he was a swordsman. For him, swordsmanship was everything to him. All treasures were useless to him. He didn't take it to heart at all, so although he saw that the black clothes and golden crown on Zhao Hai were all treasures, he didn't feel any greed. It only made him more afraid of Zhao Hai.

At the same time, the old man also noticed that the skin on Zhao Hai's face sometimes sank slightly, which made the old man feel even more shocked. He knew very well what this meant, which meant that Zhao Hai was actually suffering from His sword intention was affected only by his skin, which blocked his sword intention.

Although his sword energy is just his will, it is almost the same as a real attack with a sword. If an ordinary person is suppressed by his sword energy, he may have been chopped alive by Ling Chi, while Zhao Hai is just a skin Slightly sinking, what does this mean? This means that his physical strength has reached an incredible level. Among the people that the old man knows, there is probably no one who can achieve this, even those who are the top masters of the major sects of physical cultivation. I'm afraid he couldn't do this, but this also convinced the old man that Zhao Hai must be a master of physical training.

In the world of cultivation, there are several types of people who are the least easy to mess with. The first is sword cultivators, the second is body cultivators, and the third is poison cultivators. No one dares to provoke these three types of cultivators easily, not to mention sword cultivators. Yeah, their attack power is unparalleled in the world, and their temperament is like a sword, straight forward. If you offend him, he will definitely find a way to get back, otherwise their thoughts will not be clear, and it will affect Their sword intention, if their sword intention is affected, their sword technique will also be affected, so if you offend the sword cultivator, just wait for him to fight you to the death.

The physical cultivators have strong defense and strength, and their vitality is also the strongest among all the monks. So if you can't kill the physical cultivators at once, then wait for their revenge. The strength of these guys They are not too weak. If they are really targeted, it will definitely give people a huge headache.

Poison cultivators are all masters of using poison. In the world of cultivation, monks' bodies are very powerful and they have various detoxification drugs. Therefore, many monks are not afraid of poison. There are also very few monks who specialize in poison skills. But as long as you meet him, it means that this person is very confident in his poison. Meeting such a person is definitely a monk's nightmare!