c7676 sea ​​tribe

In the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect, all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect have arrived. Even Gongsun Yulong, who has just joined the Blood Killing Sect, has arrived. Everyone is sitting in the main hall, and Zhao Hai is sitting on the main seat of the main hall. He glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly, and said in a deep voice: "Dragon Realm was taken down by us. This is a great thing for us. We are getting closer to leaving here. step."

Everyone cheered softly, and Zhao Hai did not stop them. He looked at them quietly with a smile on his face. After a while, Zhao Hai stretched out his hand and pressed down, and the sounds in the hall immediately disappeared. They disappeared, so everyone looked at Zhao Hai quietly. Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of these people, smiled slightly and said: "Don't be too happy. I talked with Elder Gongsun before. Elder Gongsun, I think everyone is also I know, he fought against the Buddhist master who made the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon in Wanshan Realm. According to him, this inner space magic weapon should be the abbot of the Jade Buddha Temple in Wanshan Realm. Liao Kong held a magic weapon in his hand, and this magic weapon may have been refined by the Jade Buddha Temple after countless generations. In the end, before the refinement was completed, the family was exterminated. Otherwise, it would not be possible. I would not end up here, but what he said caught my attention, that is, he said that this magical instrument is actually a string of Buddhist beads, and this string of Buddhist beads actually has nine beads. Eight Buddhist beads and one main bead, do you understand what this means?"

None of the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect were fools. As soon as they heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. They all looked at Zhao Hai with ugly expressions, and Zhao Hai also looked at them. Then he said: "If a Buddhist bead represents an interface, that means that the interfaces we want to capture may not be eight, but nine. After the eight realms of Tianlong, there may be another interface. , that should be the interface where the main bead is located, and it may be more dangerous there, do you understand?"

Everyone responded and said loudly: "I'll understand later." Their faces were not very pretty, but it was not difficult to see where they were. Now that they had captured the Dragon Realm, originally they thought they only needed to capture it again. Everything was fine in the Heavenly Realm, but they didn't expect that there would be another interface now. How could they be happy about this? But to say how angry they were, it wasn't necessarily true. It was just that there was another interface that they needed. They just attack, they really don't care.

Zhao Hai looked calm. He looked at those people, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, just understand. After winning the Dragon Realm, we also got a Dragon Pearl. The magic circle here is also arranged in a similar way. , but I still hope that everyone can take a good rest, and at the same time, I also want the new disciples and elders who have joined our Blood Killing Sect to get to know our Blood Killing Sect better, so we will continue to rest for a while. As for We’ll tell you when we will attack the next interface, so there’s no rush, okay, let’s all disperse.”

Everyone responded, then stood up, turned around and left. Gongsun Yulong also walked out quickly. He had to stay in seclusion for a while because the hidden wounds in his body had not fully recovered, and he was now very sensitive to blood. The more he knew about the Blood Killing Sect, the more he felt that the Blood Killing Sect was extremely powerful, and the happier he felt for himself and that he could join the Blood Killing Sect, so he really wanted to get his Recuperate from your injuries so that you can learn more about the Blood Killing Sect.

Jiuling Lao and the others were also walking out. Bafang and the others still followed him. This time Sha Sitian also followed him. Jiuling Lao did not say anything and led everyone back to his yard. After everyone sat down, Old Jiuling said, "I wonder what everyone thinks of what's going to happen next?"

When Bafang and the others heard what Elder Jiuling said, they were all stunned. Then they all looked at Elder Jiuling with some confusion, not quite understanding what he meant. Now they have taken down the Nine Realms, and the Dragon King has also been eliminated. , even the Dragon King’s original Dragon Ball has been obtained, what else is there to worry about? Why did Mr. Jiuling say that?

Jiuling Lao looked at their appearance and couldn't help but said: "The matter in the Dragon Realm is over. The sect will enter the rest period. During the rest period, the sect leader will try his best to digest the gains from the Dragon Realm. What I mean is That is, if the sect really wants to digest those gains, it will definitely take action against us, the Sea Clan, and redistribute the people of our various clans. What do you think of this matter?"

After hearing what Jiuling Lao said, everyone understood what he meant. None of them spoke, but looked at each other. Finally, Tu Ying said: "I don't think it's anything, it's just for the support of our various tribes." People, it’s just a matter of messing up the classification. It doesn’t matter whether they belong to that race or that race.”

The other people all nodded, and Sha Sitian said in a deep voice: "The sect must do this. If people of all races are allowed to live together, then when we develop, the rule of the sect will be It is a big problem, so there is nothing wrong with the sect’s approach. If we always work together to develop, it will be bad, because that means that sooner or later, the sect will Against us."

Sha Sitian's words made the other people nod their heads, because Sha Sitian's words were exactly what they said before, and they coincided with their opinions. Old Jiuling nodded and said: "It would be best if everyone could think this way. I will report to the sect in the next few days and proactively request the sect master to break up the disciples of our various races and assign them to each branch. Everyone If there are no objections, I will do it."

Everyone shook their heads in unison. Of course they had no objections. This was what they had discussed before. Even Sha Sitian and the others didn't have any objections. Old Jiuling nodded and said: "Okay, then This matter has been settled. You should go back now and talk to your clansmen about this matter. Don’t let them have any other thoughts. You must explain to them clearly that we are now members of the Blood Killing Sect. No, we are no longer in the Shenlong Hai Kingdom. When we come to the Blood Killing Sect, we must abide by the Blood Killing Sect’s rules.”

Several people responded, and then they saluted Mr. Jiuling, then turned and left. After they left, Mr. Jiuling let out a sigh of relief. He was really afraid that someone would object. If it really happened, If someone objected, it would be a bit difficult to handle this matter, so he had to make it clear to them at this time.

Jiuling Lao knew very well that they must join the Blood Killing Sect and must follow the Blood Killing Sect’s rules. Otherwise, they will not have good fruits to eat. Judging from the way the Blood Killing Sect has always behaved, It can be seen that the people of the Blood Killing Sect will never be polite to others. If you don't follow their rules, then you will not have any good results. If the people of the Blood Killing Sect pick up people, that is There will be absolutely no mercy.

Especially after Gongsun Yulong also joined the Blood Killing Sect, Jiuling Lao became even more aware that they must not go against the Blood Killing Sect. If they really went against the Blood Killing Sect, then they would really be dead, no. Speaking of others, Gongsun Yulong alone is not something they can deal with. Even he is not Gongsun Yulong's opponent, so he is completely dead. He wants to make the Hai tribe people unite. Now he just wants to let The Sea Clan is completely integrated into the Blood Killing Sect and becomes a member of the Blood Killing Sect. Only in that way can the Sea Clan survive for a long time.

What Mr. Jiuling didn't know was that a meeting about the fate of the Hai clan was also being held in Zhao Hai's room. Among the people sitting there, besides Zhao Hai, were Chang Jun, Zhu Yong, and Wen Yuming. , Ding Chunming, Laura and the others are all here, and apart from them, there are no extra people.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "I asked Laura to call you here today because I want to tell you something, which is about the Sea Clan. It is not just the Sea people who have just surrendered to us in the Dragon Realm. Clan, as well as our Blood Killing Clan, the original Sea Clan, how to deal with them is something we must consider now."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then took a long breath and said: "For a long time, we have not paid enough attention to the Hai Clan, and we have not even had enough dominance. Although the Hai Clan has always been very loyal to our sect, they have What kind of abilities they have, how many people they have, and how effective they are, we don’t know any of this. This is our mistake, and I think it’s time for us to correct this mistake.”

Chang Jun and the others all nodded. They had always focused too much on the land and had not thought about things in the sea. In fact, during the battle with Dragon Realm this time, they were very concerned about the situation in the sea. After doing some research, they discovered that the strength of the Sea Clan is now very powerful. It is definitely not an exaggeration to describe it as a master like a cloud. If they can fully integrate this power in the future, after training, From now on, the Blood Killing Sect will definitely have a powerful army to use.

So after Zhao Hai finished those words, Chang Jun also continued to speak: "We have been too negligent about the Hai Clan in the past. We should really pay attention to it. The strength of the Hai Clan is very strong, and the population seems to be too. Tens more, even more than the current number of disciples in our sect. In other words, if we count the population of the Shanghai clan, then the population of our Blood Killing Sect will definitely exceed 100 billion, and there will not be any There is such a powerful force, but we have never thought of using it. This is indeed our biggest mistake."

Everyone else nodded, and Zhu Yong stood up with a ashamed look on his face, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Young Master, this matter is all our fault. We don't pay enough attention to this matter. This is It was our mistake. We will never make such a mistake again in the future. Please punish me, Master." He did not shirk responsibility, but just asked for punishment, because he felt that this matter was indeed their fault, and they were members of the Blood Killing Sect. The intelligence department made such a mistake, which is really inappropriate.