c7675 reason

Zhao Hai and Gongsun Yulong were visiting the Blood Killing Sect. From the Xuanwu Space to the Black and White Battlefield, they visited several other spaces one by one. Until the end, they returned to the Dragon Realm. Now the Dragon Realm is here. The water surface has been lowering again and again, and all the sea beasts here have been transferred to the Xuanwu Sea of ​​the Blood Killing Sect.

Looking at the busy Blood Slaughter Sect disciples, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh, and then said: "I never thought that I would reach where I am today, but step by step, I have reached what I am today. This also makes me have to go down, because whether I can go down is no longer my own business, but the whole Blood Killing Sect. What I place my trust on is not my own immortality. Dream, and the entire Blood Killing Sect, the dream of the elders with tens of billions of disciples, and even our enemies have changed from ordinary monks to a powerful law that can subvert the entire world of cultivation, so I don't The only way is to go step by step."

At this time, Gongsun Yulong seemed to have suddenly come to his senses. He never thought that the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful. This was completely beyond his imagination. Now when he heard Zhao Hai say this Said, Gongsun Yulong couldn't help but clasped his fist at Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, what are you saying? Only you can lead the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all the way. Only you can lead the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect." , Gongsun Yulong admires his progress all the way, and from now on, Gongsun Yulong is willing to follow the footsteps of the sect master and go all the way, I hope the sect master will not give up!"

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong's appearance, stepped forward, gently helped him up, then patted his hand and said: "That's it, Elder Gongsun, you don't have to say this, you will be a member of the Blood Killing Sect from now on. Yes, we will go all the way and pursue the road to immortality together."

Gongsun Yulong responded, and a different look suddenly appeared on his face. At this moment, he was really happy that he could be an elder of such a large sect, not to mention that he was now Now he truly knows what the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is, which makes him feel even more proud, because in his opinion, they are the unknown heroes who are unknown to everyone. What is the power of the clan law? When they regard the Shadow Clan as a clan in the world of cultivation, they already know the true identity of the Shadow Clan and have been fighting against the Shadow Clan.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at Gongsun Yulong's appearance. Then he stretched out his hand and slapped Gongsun Yulong on the back. Gongsun Yulong was completely unprepared and was hit hard by Zhao Hai's slap. In fact, he spurted out a mouthful of blood, but that mouthful of blood was pure black, and after it spurted out from his mouth, it immediately turned into ice, like ice cubes. Same.

Gongsun Yulong was shocked and angry. He thought Zhao Hai was going to do something bad to him, but he soon discovered that it was not like that, because he found that after being slapped by Zhao Hai, his chest suddenly relaxed. It was as if a big stone that had been pressing on his chest suddenly disappeared. He couldn't help but feel his whole body relax, which made him couldn't help but take a deep breath.

"Hahahaha, Elder Gongsun, how do you feel? I have helped you to force out the cold poison in your body. As long as you nurse yourself back to health for a period of time and let your damaged meridians recover, then you will be fine. How do you feel now? ?" Zhao Hai's voice suddenly came, with an indescribable smile in his voice.

Gongsun Yulong was stunned for a moment, and then he couldn't help but turn his head and glance at Zhao Hai. Looking at the smile on Zhao Hai's face, he really didn't know what to say. He was sure that Zhao Hai must have done it on purpose. Scare him, otherwise he wouldn't behave like this, which made him really feel very impatient.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong's appearance and couldn't help but laugh, and then said: "Okay, don't worry about these things, let's go back, let's go back and have a good rest. Your body really should be taken care of, but you You must be mentally prepared. Although there are healing elixirs in our Blood Killing Sect, there are not many. We usually rely on diet therapy and our own body to recover automatically, so your recovery time may be longer. ,do not worry about it."

Gongsun Yulong said solemnly: "Thank you, sect master. I won't care. As long as my injuries can be completely cured, there will be no problem no matter how long it takes." Gongsun Yulong was really very happy. Since he sprayed out After the black blood turned into ice, he really felt that the aura on his body had never been so lively. This made him really happy, and it also made him full of confidence in Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, and then he said to Gongsun Yulong: "Elder Gongsun, there is one thing that I have always been very curious about. I wonder what the dark trench here in the Dragon Realm has to do with you? How was it formed? You Can you tell me about it?" Zhao Hai was still very curious about this matter.

When Gongsun Yulong heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "There is nothing that cannot be said. In fact, this matter also has to do with something I discovered in Wanshan Realm. In the mountain world, I found that there were many casual cultivators who disappeared for no reason. I was very curious and kept investigating this matter. After many years of investigation, I finally discovered this matter. I found that this This incident is related to the Temple of the Emerald Buddha."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, and then continued: "Those guys at the Jade Buddha Temple are superficially a Buddhist sect and are compassionate, but secretly, they control dozens of jade veins. A large amount of jade will be produced in the veins. Even if the jade is of the worst quality, it is also the material used to make jade slips. All of them can be replaced with crystals. There are often some crystals near the jade veins. The mineral veins of stone can be said to be the most valuable mineral veins in the world of cultivation. The Jade Buddha Temple controls dozens of such mineral veins. They have secretly sent people to explore and find them over the years. The other sect leaders do not know. In order to People from other sects were not allowed to know the existence of these mineral veins, and they did not dare to send people from their own sects to mine them, so they turned their attention to those casual cultivators."

"They captured those casual cultivators and sent them to those mines to work as slaves. Because these mines must not be known to anyone, so as long as those slaves entered the mines, they had no chance of leaving alive. It can be said that the mine is full of corpses, and countless casual cultivators died there."

"But just when I was investigating this matter, people from the Jade Buddha Temple also found out. The head of the Jade Buddha Temple, Monk Kong, personally took action against me, but my strength is also very strong, Monk Kong thought. It’s not easy to keep me, but I didn’t expect that when Monk Liao Kong saw that he couldn’t keep me, he actually offered a string of Buddhist beads. There weren’t many of them. As soon as they flew out, they immediately covered me. Among them, I tried to attack and found that the power of this string of prayer beads was very huge. Normal attacks were of no use to this string of prayer beads. Moreover, I endured it. I felt something different from this string of prayer beads. The energy, this reminds me of a magic weapon, that is, the inner space magic weapon."

"Although there are many inner space magic weapons in Wanshan Realm, not all sects can produce them. To refine an inner space magic weapon, the materials required are definitely an unimaginable number. , a sect such as the Jade Buddha Sect, if it were not for the existence of those mineral veins, they would not have the ability to refine such an inner space magic weapon. I was also very surprised at the time, but more It was panic, because I was very clear about the power of the inner space magic weapon. I was very clear that if I couldn't rush out of the inner space magic weapon, then I would really be dead, so he aimed at one of them. Buddha beads, launched a full blow."

"I didn't expect that my blow was successful. I made a hole on the bead, but then a huge suction force came and I was directly sucked into the bead. Then I felt , a huge and incomparable force pressed on me, trapping me in a place all at once, making it impossible for me to get out. For so many years, I have been trapped in that place, and I have not come out until now. Yu said that I really don’t know what happened next, but as you said, Sect Master, that dark trench may really have something to do with me. I came out from under that dark trench. In other words, I am He was imprisoned there, but there is still a trace of my sword energy in the dark trench, and that trench may have been cut with my sword back then."

Zhao Hai nodded. He didn't need to tell him what happened next. Zhao Hai almost guessed what was going on. After Gongsun Yulong was suppressed in the string of Buddhist beads, Liao Kong was also injured. He returned to the sect. He slowly healed his injuries, but he didn't expect that he would be killed by another sect directly. Because Liao Kong was injured, he was unable to exert his full power, and the string of Buddhist beads with inner space was also because of Gongsun Yulong was injured in the attack and could not use it anymore, so the Jade Buddha Sect was destroyed. However, the string of beads did not fall into the hands of the Xuanjia Sect. In the end, it was discovered by someone accidentally and changed. It became a black and white battlefield.

From this point of view, in Wanshan Realm, inner space is also very rare. Having an inner space magic weapon may be a trump card for a sect. A sect with an inner space magic weapon can It is not something that other sects dare to provoke easily. When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded slowly. It seemed that when they arrived at Wanshan Realm, they had another trump card. For the Blood Killing Sect, this was not a problem. It's definitely a good thing.

However, Zhao Hai did not say these words to Gongsun Yulong. He nodded to Gongsun Yulong and said: "Okay, I know this matter. Let's not talk about it. Elder Gongsun, let's go back to the sect. Your body must be healthy." You need to take good care of yourself, otherwise, your hidden injury will not heal, which will have a great impact on your strength. Let's go." Gongsun Yulong responded and followed Zhao Hai back to the Xuanwu Space.