c7674 join in

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong. When he heard Shi Jin say that Gongsun Yulong was a casual cultivator, Zhao Hai wanted to send Gongsun Yulong to the Blood Killing Sect. The top master in the Blood Killing Sect was really too powerful. Less, now counting, there are only four top masters in the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai himself is one, Ding Chunming is one, Sheng Si is one, and the last one is none other than the formation leader.

Ding Chunming's strength and use of power can be said to be unparalleled in the world. Even if his strength is not as good as Zhao Hai, he will definitely not fall behind when fighting against ordinary masters. Even masters like Gongsun Yulong , I'm afraid there is nothing he can do about Ding Chunming, so he is considered one.

Sheng Si's use of spells and array combinations has reached an extremely powerful level. His current strength is actually not much worse than Ding Chunming. If he faces Ding Chunming, he will not be able to defeat Ding Chunming. , he can also retreat calmly without being killed by Ding Chunming.

But the situation of Mr. Jin is quite special. Strictly speaking, Mr. Jin only has three lives now. What he is using now is actually the Life Seed. If he loses even the Life Seed, then he will There are only two lives left: the external incarnation and the energy array incarnation.

But if you underestimate him because of this, you will definitely regret it. The old formation is different from others. He is a magic circle life form. It is his instinct to use the magic circle to make himself more powerful. , he will not be like other disciples in the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can also add a number of magic circles to their external incarnations. Once the number is too many, they will not be able to control it. Some magic circles will become a drag on them. Not only will they not be of any help to them, they will also affect their actions.

But the Array Master is different. He can make his body bigger and become extremely huge, and he can add countless magic circles to his body, because he is a magic circle life, and he is also a very huge one. With the life of the magic circle, once he really lets him cover his body with the magic circle, it will be a very scary thing. I am afraid that by that time, even if Zhao Hai wants to deal with the old man of the magic circle, he will It will take some time.

Apart from a few of them, there are almost no people in the Blood Killing Sect who can be called top experts. This is not a good thing for a large sect with tens of billions of people. Top experts If there are too few, it will not be enough of a deterrent to other sects. In that case, their safety will not be guaranteed.

But Gongsun Yulong is an extremely skilled master, and he is also an extremely skilled master without any power. The best thing is that such a person actually has hidden wounds on his body. As long as he is subdued, the Blood Killing Sect will be defeated. The strength will be further enhanced, and there is another advantage, that is, as long as Gongsun Yulong can join the Blood Killing Sect, when the Blood Killing Sect enters the Wanshan Realm, many casual cultivators in the Wanshan Realm will join directly. Going to the Blood Killing Sect and becoming a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect.

So no matter what the considerations are, subduing Gongsun Yulong and letting Gongsun Yulong join the Blood Killing Sect and become an elder of the Blood Killing Sect is a good thing for those who have been killed by the Blood Killing Sect. That’s why Zhao Hai is working with Gongsun Yulong. During the battle with Yulong, he always kept his hand, and also told him that he could heal his injuries. Although this seemed to be taking advantage of others' danger, sometimes, such methods were necessary. use.

As for whether Gongsun Yulong will be angry with him because of this matter, after joining the Blood Killing Sect, he will not work hard, or even betray the Blood Killing Sect in the future. Zhao Hai is not worried about this. I don’t believe that after Gongsun Yulong joined the Blood Killing Sect, Gongsun Yulong would betray him again. Now Gongsun Yulong doesn’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect because he doesn’t understand the Blood Killing Sect. Once he understands the Blood Killing Sect, then he will I won’t regret joining the Blood Killing Sect.

Gongsun Yulong looked at Zhao Hai. He was constantly fighting in his heart. He wanted to heal his injuries. Although after so many years, he had become accustomed to his injuries and suffered from the cold poison every day. , he can bear it, but this injury will affect his strength. After so many years, his strength has not improved at all. He can be regarded as a first-class master in Wanshan Realm, but he is definitely not the best. A master, it is because of this injury on his body that it is difficult for him to improve his strength, so he is extremely eager to cure his injury.

But at the same time, he also knew that if he joined the Blood Killing Sect, he would always be a member of the Blood Killing Sect. He was thinking that it would be very difficult to prevent the Blood Killing Sect. What is the strength of the Blood Killing Sect? He doesn't know it yet, but just looking at Zhao Hai's strength, he knows that the Blood Killing Sect is definitely not weak. If nothing else, Zhao Hai alone can kill him. If he joins the Blood Killing Sect, he can kill him. If the killing sect is betraying, then Zhao Hai will definitely kill him, because no sect will let go of those who betray their sect, whether it is a sect in Wanshan Realm or other forces. Well, it's all the same.

So if he really joins the Blood Killing Sect, he must not betray, otherwise Zhao Hai will definitely kill him. This is exactly what he hesitates about. He does not want to lose his freedom. He thinks that by joining those big sects, he will lose his freedom. He had gained freedom, which was why he had not joined other major sects before.

But he doesn’t understand that in this world, no one has real freedom. Freedom is relative. When you don’t pose any threat to him, you will have relative freedom. When you have feelings for him, you will have relative freedom. When threatened, you will no longer have any freedom. Anyone who says he will give you absolute freedom is either lying to you or not telling you the truth. His so-called giving you absolute freedom is only within his rules. Well, once you are no longer under his rules, you will lose your freedom, but Gongsun Yulong still doesn't understand this.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong. He did not speak. He knew that he had already said what needed to be said and had shown the strength that needed to be shown. If Gongsun Yulong still refused to join even though he knew his strength, He would not be polite if he killed the Blood Sect. If someone like Gongsun Yulong had to be killed, he would not show mercy.

Gongsun Yulong looked at Zhao Hai. He also remembered what Zhao Hai said before. Zhao Hai said a lot before, especially some threatening words. Zhao Hai had already said it very clearly. If you don't join our Blood Killing Sect, then I will kill you. So the situation Gongsun Yulong faces now is that if he doesn't join the Blood Killing Sect, then he will die, and he doesn't want to die, so for now It seems that there are only two paths he can choose. One is to defeat Zhao Hai and then find a way to leave here. However, with his strength, he is no match for Zhao Hai, so he is afraid that he will take this path. Impenetrable, and the second way is naturally simple. Joining the Blood Killing Sect and becoming a Blood Killing Sect person is his second way.

Gongsun Yulong looked at Zhao Hai, took a deep breath, and then said: "Zhao Hai, I want to know, if I join the Blood Killing Sect, what kind of identity will I have? Can you really cure me? My injury?" This was the question Gongsun Yulong was most concerned about, so he asked directly.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Yulong, then smiled slightly and said: "If you join the Blood Killing Sect, you will become the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect, and the core elder of the Blood Killing Sect is second only to me in status. , has a very high status in the Blood Killing Sect. As for your injuries, I can guarantee that they can be cured. I am willing to swear an oath from my inner demons. If I cannot cure your injuries, then I am willing to let you go. How about leaving?"

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Gongsun Yulong's expression couldn't help but change slightly. The conditions offered by Zhao Hai were not without sincerity. It could even be said that they were full of sincerity. He was even willing to take the inner demon oath. Any monk would , dare not joke about the inner demon's oath, which is enough to show Zhao Hai's sincerity.

Gongsun Yulong took a deep look at Zhao Hai, then he took his hand back, and the sword intent on his body slowly dissipated. He said to Zhao Hai: "Gongsun Yulong is willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, and the sect leader does not need to be here. What a big oath you made, I just hope that the sect master can respect your agreement."

Gongsun Yulong knew very well that if he asked Zhao Hai to swear the oath of the inner demon when he joined the Blood Killing Sect, then Zhao Hai would definitely have a knot in his heart. He didn't know when, Zhao Hai might think of this. After this incident, if Zhao Hai really wanted to suppress him, then his life in the Blood Killing Sect would be difficult in the future, so he said it directly. There was no need for Zhao Hai to make any vows about inner demons, he only needed to be able to respect Just keep your promise.

When Zhao Hai heard what Gongsun Yulong said, he couldn't help but look happy. He said to Gongsun Yulong: "Okay, great. Welcome Elder Gongsun to join the Blood Killing Sect. Elder Gongsun, please come with me. Let's return to the Blood Killing Sect together. "After saying that, he turned around and looked around, and then said: "Buyu, you guys come and deal with the rest of the matter."

As soon as his voice fell, Sun Buyu appeared beside him, saluted him and said: "Yes, please don't worry, Sect Master, just leave this place to us." Sun Buyu and the others have been paying attention. The battle situation here, they did not expect that after taking care of the Dragon King, another enemy would appear, and this enemy would be so powerful, how could they not pay attention.

Now that he saw that the matter was finally over, he was naturally happy and immediately arrived at Zhao Hai's side. Zhao Hai glanced at Sun Buyu, nodded, and then moved to Gongsun Yulong's side. He smiled slightly at Gongsun Yulong and said, "Elder Gongsun, let's go and have a look at the Blood Killing Sect."

Gongsun Yulong responded, but he didn't say anything, and then the two of them disappeared directly in the dragon world. After the two disappeared, Sun Buyu immediately began to command people and start follow-up work. Of course, the most important thing is to find the passage to the next interface. This is the most important thing for the Blood Killing Sect. matter.