c7678 choose

Old Jiuling stood in his yard. He kept moving his body, and even flew into the air, transformed into his own body, then turned into a human form, and finally fell into the yard again. Bafang and the others standing in the yard smiled bitterly and said: "It's amazing, it's really amazing. I really didn't expect that this kind of magic circle created by Shenjitang would be so powerful. I am now moving on land. , just like being in the sea, even more comfortable than being in the sea, because the air I breathed into my mouth there, with the purest water content, is a little better than the current sea water, that is to say , our sea tribe can move freely on land from now on, these guys are really powerful enough, they can create such a magic circle."

Tu Ying said with a smile: "Don't praise those guys from Shenji Hall. I heard that those guys didn't study this magic circle for long, because the sect master had made a magic circle like this before. , but it is not as perfect as it is now. Those guys just took out the magic circle that the sect master had made before, and then after some improvements, they took it out and used it. For this reason, those guys were often used by the sect. People scolded.”

When Elder Jiuling and the others heard what Tu Ying said, they couldn't help but laugh. After a while, Elder Jiuling finally said: "Speaking of which, the sect leader is the most powerful. He had created such a magic circle many years ago. It can be said that the reason why the sect is what it is today is all because of the sect leader, and we are really lucky to be able to join the Blood Killing Sect."

Sha Sitian said: "Yes, if nothing else, our shark warriors are now covered in heavy armor. This is definitely good news for us. With this layer Heavy armor, coupled with the defensive formation on the heavy armor, we Shark Clan members can dare to face any enemy."

"I heard that the people from Shenji Hall are installing this conversion array on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. As long as this conversion array is also installed on the Blood Killing Battle Fortress, then in the future the Blood Killing Battle Fort will be You can then enter the sea to fight, and the combat effectiveness will definitely not be too weak." Bafang said.

"What I admire most about the Blood Killing Sect is the magic circle technique. Their magic circle technique is really too powerful. In addition to the magic circle technique being the incarnation of this body, who could have imagined that in this world There is such a magic weapon in the world, it can become bigger or smaller, and it can also help us fight. I really don’t believe that there is such a blood killing sect. Who else can be ours? Opponent." Jianlin said.

Jiuling Lao and the others all nodded, and Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "How is the situation of the branching of your clans? How many people are there in the original residential area?" This is what Jiuling Lao is most concerned about. In fact, he has Zhao Hai left residential areas for each of their tribes. He didn't quite understand it. He didn't know why Zhao Hai did this. In his opinion, it would be best for them to be directly assigned to each courtyard and be done with it. There is no need to create a reserved residential area.

Tu Ying said calmly: "There are not many people in our residential area anymore. I just let those children follow their parents. If they want to become members of the Blood Killing Sect, then they will become There is no need for people from the Blood Killing Sect to have their own living quarters, otherwise it will be a problem in the future. If someone appears in the future, their heads will twitch, and they insist on saying that they are from the Sea Clan, not the Blood Clan. If the disciples of the Killing Sect rise up against the Blood Killing Sect, the whole race will be in trouble, so I just want to stop this matter from the root. I have already reported it to the sect in that residential area. It will become a branch of the sect directly, and there is no need to keep it for us."

Sha Sitian also nodded and said: "We are the same. The situation of our shark tribe is even worse than yours. Don't forget that we shark tribe members joined the Blood Killing Sect later. Before the Dragon King was destroyed, we The Sharks are not members of the Blood Killing Sect at all. If we keep our own residential area, I am worried that the sect will not trust us, which will not be of any benefit to us, so I directly reported our residential area. District, we will no longer reserve it. There are not many people in it now, so there is no use in retaining it.”

Bafang and Jianlin's expressions were slightly ugly. Bafang looked at Sha Sitian and said, "I heard that some old people in your clan don't want to leave our residential area. How do you deal with those old people?" Bafang, Jianlin and the others They were not as cruel as Sha Sitian and Tu Ying did. They did not report to the sect and ask the sect to cancel their residential area, so now when they heard what the two said, their faces were so ugly, and Bafang also just There will be this question.

Sha Sitian laughed loudly and said: "What's so difficult about this? If I report that we want to give up our place of residence, the sect will handle it. Those old people who don't want to leave there, the sect has also given them tasks. They don't know ? Now here in the Xuanwu Sea, the sect's logistics department has started a lot of medicinal fields and pastoral areas. The medicinal fields are used to grow some medicinal materials from the sea, and the pastoral areas are used to graze some fish in the sea. Those fish will eventually They will all become our food. My tribesmen who are too old to move can plant some medicinal materials. If they want to move, they can put fish in it. That’s also good. If they don’t want to do this, what? It’s okay not to do it, no one will force them, they are very happy to do it.”

Upon hearing what Sha Sitian said, the faces of Jiuling Lao, Bafang and Jianlin all changed, and at this time Tu Ying also said: "The situation in Coral City of our Sailfish Clan is similar, but it's really It has become a branch of the sect. I think it is similar to the Shark clan. Isn’t there just no place to live there? So what does it matter? Just build a city and it won’t take much effort. "

Old Jiuling's face became even more ugly. He looked at the two of them and said, "Has the Logistics Department agreed with your approach? I heard that a few ladies are in charge of the Logistics Department, right? How many ladies there are?" What you say is the most effective, even the sect leader won’t care about the logistics department, right?”

Tu Ying and Sha Sitian both nodded. Sha Sitian turned to look at them, and then said solemnly: "If you want to become a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, you must first completely treat yourself as a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. , why are you still keeping a useless place to live? Do you want to leave a message to the future generations? If the future generations are good, then it's okay, but if a bastard really comes out, the entire race will be involved. In my opinion, there is absolutely no need for that.”

Tu Ying nodded, but the faces of the other people became even more ugly. Tu Ying looked at them and said in a deep voice: "There is no need to be so nervous. If you want to give up your place of residence now, just give up." , and even if you want to keep it, the sect will not object. Do you think that with the strength of the sect, you will worry about a residential area that you have reserved? I don’t think so at all, the sect won’t care. As for those, there is no need to scare yourself."

Elder Jiu Ling did not speak, but said in a deep voice: "I think our Turtle Clan can learn from the Jiu Shu Turtle Clan. The Jiu Shu Turtle Clan is one of the few in the sect and does not have to go to the battlefield, but it has always been valued. Race." Elder Jiu Ling still has some understanding of the Jiu Shugui clan. He knows very well that the Jiu Shugui clan is really lucky. They really don't have to go to the battlefield, and they are also very valued by the sect. Only a race like this can exist for a long time in the sect.

Sha Sitian looked at Old Jiuling, smiled slightly and said: "You are not wrong to think so, but there are two problems that must be solved. First, you must have the ability to become a servant race of the sect master. It's very important. To be honest, I never knew that it was so difficult to become someone else's servant. But in the Blood Killing Sect, it's really not easy to become a servant of the clan master. It’s a matter of fact, because if you don’t have that ability, you won’t be able to become a servant of the sect master even if you want to.”

"Second, you must have that ability. And even if you become a servant race, it does not mean that you will not go to the battlefield. You must have the ability of the magic circle like the Nine Number Turtles. Even if you have the Nine Numbers Turtles, With the abilities of a clan, don’t they also have to go to the battlefield? So it is really difficult to achieve this.”

Old Jiuling sighed lightly, and then said in a deep voice: "I know that's the case, but I just can't help but think about it. That's all. I don't think about it so much anymore. Let nature take its course. We Turtle Clan also have our own settlement. I It looks like we have to let them out. As for you, it’s up to you whether we let them out or not. Just like Tu Ying said, with the strength of our sect, we really don’t care about your races.”

Bafang said in a deep voice: "We must give it out, and Elder Shuli told me before that he wanted us to join the Spiritual Beast Hall. I was a little hesitant before, but now it seems that I should have agreed at that time. The poison of our blue-light octopus family is somewhat famous in the sea, but the sect leader’s research on poison is still a bit behind, so the sect very much wants to develop in this area, which is very important to us. , is an opportunity.”

"We want to join the cavalry. Elder Sun told us before that if we, the Swordfish clan, join the cavalry, there will be unexpected effects. Although we cannot be regarded as complete cavalry, our speed and our body shape will It will definitely not be worse than any cavalry. It is reasonable for us to join the cavalry, but I heard that there are many rules in the cavalry, so I am still a little uneasy about joining the cavalry."

Old Jiuling said in a deep voice: "Joining the cavalry is definitely a good choice. Maybe in the future, you will become the only fully-organized sea clan. Your impact is indeed very strong, and the cavalry Although there are many rules, the Jieli is also the most important army in the entire sect, so if you want to join the cavalry, it is definitely a good thing for you. You should join, so that you can give full play to your potential. Power, everyone, from today onwards, forget about your identity as a Sea Clan, we are just a member of the Blood Killing Sect and a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, so stop thinking about the Sea Clan."