c7679 census

Chang Jun originally thought that the Hai Clan would have some complaints after receiving the order to be divided. What he didn't expect was that the Hai Clan was peaceful. Everyone accepted the sect's arrangement, which made Chang Jun even more unhappy. What was surprising was that the Sailfish Clan and the Shark Clan voluntarily gave up their place of residence, and the Logistics Department directly took over their place of residence. Chang Jun was completely relieved when he saw this.

But then Chang Jun received two more reports. One was from the Spirit Beast Hall. The leader of the Spirit Beast Hall, Shen Li, said in a serious report that they wanted to study the use of poison in future battles. , so I hope that people from the blue-light octopus clan can join the Spiritual Beast Hall. As for those blue-light octopuses that have become the undead clan, let them join the undead clan.

Chang Jun directly agreed to this report, because although the Blue Light Octopus clan used to have a lot of people, there are not many people left now, so there is no problem for them to join the Spiritual Beast Hall, just like It is normal for the Jiu Shugui Clan to join Shenji Hall as a whole.

But another report was sent by Sun Buyu. Sun Buyu proposed that the Swordfish clan be included in the cavalry as a whole. Because the Swordfish clan is very fast and has strong impact, they should be included in the cavalry. The cavalry team would be more beneficial for future battles with the Blood Killing Clan. He even suggested that it would be better to include more of the swordfish clan in the cavalry team, because the impact of the swordfish clan may not be as strong as the swordfish clan. , but they are the most suitable as rangers.

After seeing this report, Chang Jun did not dare to neglect it, because the cavalry was very important to the Blood Killing Sect, so he handed the report directly to Zhao Hai. Although he felt that Sun What Buyu said made sense, but he didn't dare to make the decision himself.

After Zhao Hai read the report, he directly gave the order to Chang Jun, telling Chang Jun that both reports can be approved, and both the Swordfish Clan and Sailfish Clan can be assigned to the cavalry team so that Sun Buyu can train well. , the Blue Light Octopus Clan can also join the Spiritual Beast Hall, and they are also planning to find suitable races in the Sea Clan and arrange them into suitable positions, just like the King Squid Clan and the Turtle Clan. They can join the War Department, but they But they joined the large magic weapon team in the war department. From now on, their main job is to help the Blood Killing Sect transport disciples, because they are big enough to do such a job, and they can also protect large magic weapons. , making large magic weapons safer.

In addition to these sea tribes who later joined the Blood Killing Sect, there are also many very special races among the original sea races in the Blood Killing Sect. It is necessary to divide the energy of these races and then divide them into the most powerful groups. Put them in a position that suits them. From now on, they will also be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They will also participate in future battles. Put them in a suitable position so that they can exert their maximum combat effectiveness. This is what Chang Jun and the others must things to do.

After Chang Jun received this order from Zhao Hai, he immediately gathered all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect together and started a meeting directly. After issuing Zhao Hai's order, they began to discuss how to distribute it. Regarding the affairs of the various sea tribes, you must know that the number of sea tribes is very large. This is a very huge task.

Chang Jun looked at the people in the hall and said: "Everyone knows the order of the sect leader. Let's talk about where we should start. The number of the Hai Clan is no less than that of our ordinary disciples. How to put them in the most suitable position is not an easy task.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhu Yong stood up and said in a deep voice: "I think we must conduct some census on the Hai Clan to understand what the abilities of each clan in the Hai Clan are and how they will be distributed at that time. It's very simple for them." After saying this, Zhu Yong sat down, and everyone in the hall nodded.

The eyes of Old Jiuling and the others all shone brightly, especially Old Old Jiuling. He used to be the prime minister of a country and knew these things very well. The census is actually a process for a ruler to understand the people under his rule. , doing this is actually very necessary for a country. If you are a ruler and you don’t understand the people under your rule, then what qualifications do you have to be a ruler? So for this matter Mr. Jiuling actually agreed with this matter. He even believed that Zhao Hai's decision was the most correct choice. Especially when so many new people joined, it was very necessary to do so. , otherwise, it will only be more troublesome.

The other core elders in the hall all agreed. Chang Jun nodded and said: "Okay, everyone agrees, then this matter has been decided. A census of the entire sect will be carried out immediately to understand what the sect is doing now." How many people are there and what is the strength of each person? Go ahead." Everyone responded, then turned and left.

The Blood Killing Sect had conducted such a census before, but that census did not include the Hai Clan. This time, it was mainly to conduct a census on the Hai Clan, but also on other disciples in the sect. A census so that they can fully understand the situation of the entire sect.

After this meeting, the entire census began. Countless elders of the Blood Killing Sect began to take action. One branch after another conducted a census. At the same time, the same was true for the Hai Clan. How many races were there? Each race. How many people there are and what are the characteristics of each tribe? These all need to be carefully investigated.

Time passed little by little, and it took a whole month before the final results came out. When they saw the results, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was shocked. Then everyone cheered. This time Judging from the ordinary results, the current total population of the Blood Killing Sect has exceeded 150 billion. This number is really something that Chang Jun and the others did not expect. It can be said that with such a large population, they Si Hao is not afraid of anyone.

Then he distributed the various races of the sea clan. As expected, the living members of the Blue Light Octopus clan joined the Spirit Beast Hall, while the Swordfish, Sailfish, and Shark clan all joined the cavalry team. The people of the cavalry team They must be trained uniformly to facilitate their cooperation on the battlefield.

Originally, they only wanted to let the Swordfish and Sailfish clans join the Blood Killing Sect, but in the end they decided to let the Shark clan also join the cavalry. The Shark clan's combat power is very powerful, and every Shark clan member has They are very powerful in combat, and they are very powerful and have very strong offensive capabilities, so they are also incorporated into the cavalry, but they are heavy cavalry.

The entire Blood Killing Sect is finally on the right track. The people of the Sea Clan have all been divided into various branches. Among them, people from the Turtle Clan and the King Squid Clan have been incorporated into the large magic weapon team. , they usually work in large magic weapons. When there is a real war, when necessary, they can help the Blood Killing Sect transport disciples, and at the same time, they must protect those large magic weapons.

The transformation of large magic weapons has also been completed. Transformation arrays have been added to those large magic weapons. This will allow those large magic weapons to adapt to various environments, which is very important for the Blood Killing Sect. It is also very important to say that, after all, not all places can be sent directly using the teleportation array.

The entire Blood Killing Sect can be said to be very busy now. Everyone is busy. They have been busy to allow the people of the Sea Tribe to truly integrate into the Blood Killing Sect. This is very important to the people of the Blood Killing Sect. You must know that the population of the Sea Tribe now accounts for more than half of the population of the Blood Killing Sect. If they cannot be utilized, the loss will be really too great for the Blood Killing Sect. However, those Sea Tribes have not experienced the Blood Killing Sect before. Professional training for killing clans is not enough. Now they just want to conduct professional training for those sea clans.

Now the Blood Killing Sect can directly invest its combat personnel. The total number has reached about 120 billion, and there are still about 30 billion people. They cannot directly invest in the battle. These people are some old people. Weak, or some children, among these people are the majority of the Hai clan. Even people from branches or departments such as Shenji Hall or the Logistics Department, although they usually don’t have to fight, but if necessary, they will Those who can directly participate in the battle, if these people are not included, then the total number of combatants of the Blood Killing Sect should be around 100 billion. This number is already very astonishing.

The people of the Hai Clan also began to be uniformly trained by the sect. All kinds of equipment, supplies, and techniques from the sect were all sent to the Hai Clan. It can be said that the people of the Hai Clan, all at once They have become much richer than before. Although they also had these benefits before, what they got was just the minimum guarantee in the Blood Killing Sect. But it is different now. Now they don't have to worry about those problems at all.

It can be said that the entire Blood Killing Sect has entered a period of major military training. The combat effectiveness of those sea tribes is actually not weak. They have not fought much in these years, but they have not given up on training. Now they only need to go through a period of training. If you train, there won't be any problem.

In addition to this matter, the people of the Blood Killing Sect also explored the Dragon Realm to see if there was anything else here. In the end, they found that there was really nothing here, except for the ocean. Apart from the creatures, this place is actually no different from other interfaces. Now that all the marine creatures have been moved to the Xuanwu Sea, there is naturally nothing to see. This is just some ordinary space.

The situation in the Dark Trench has also changed now. Because almost all the water in the Dragon Realm has disappeared, so naturally there is no water in the Dark Trench. In addition, the Dark Ghost Sword Gongsun Yulong is not there either, so naturally there is no water there. There is nothing left, so it just becomes a deep ditch. The Blood Killing Sect has also set up a magic circle here in the Dragon Realm. Now the Dragon Realm is completely under their control. There is nothing good. Worried.