c7688 communicate

Zhao Hai carried a large bag of noodles, a box of ham sausages, and many bags of pickles in his pocket, and returned to his room. When he got to the room and put down the things, he gasped for air. Although there weren't many things, he managed to grab them. The supermarket was almost sold out. He only managed to grab these things, and he almost got into a fight because of it. After putting down his things, he immediately ran to the kitchen and filled all the things in the house that could hold water with water. After finishing his work, he breathed a sigh of relief.

After lying on the bed and resting for a while, he changed his clothes. He knew that now he didn't have to go out at all, and it was the same when he went out. He heard from Lao Yang that there was a rush to buy everywhere in the city now. All kinds of supplies and some small stores were immediately closed. Even if the boss had something, he wouldn't sell it. After all, they also need to eat at home.

Zhao Hai really felt an apocalyptic atmosphere, because today he saw police in the supermarket, and they were not ordinary police, but armed police with guns in their hands, maintaining order in the supermarket. This made him Zhao Hai knew very clearly that those two pieces of news must be true, otherwise, the country would not act like this.

Zhao Hai was lying on the bed, still feeling so unreal. He really couldn't understand why it was like this. He was fine yesterday, but he hadn't even heard of this incident the day before yesterday. Why now? This news has spread throughout the world? This gave Zhao Hai a very unreal feeling, as if everything was so illusory.

At this time, a voice suddenly came: "Master, wake up, master, wake up!" This time he heard it clearly. It was precisely because he heard it clearly that Zhao Hai was so surprised. He He clearly remembered that he heard this voice in his dream, and now this voice actually appeared when he was not dreaming. In other words, this voice was real, and someone was really calling him.

Zhao Hai suddenly sat up, looked around, and finally turned his attention to his computer. His computer was not turned off, but showed a normal interface. He immediately said: "Who are you? Is it my computer?" As he spoke, he walked towards the computer. He walked very carefully, as if he was afraid that the computer would suddenly come to life.

The voice came once and said: "No, Master, wake up, Master, wake up." He seemed to be unable to answer too many questions and could only say this sentence. This made Zhao Hai stunned for a moment, and he walked quickly He came to the side of the computer, picked up the computer mouse, and then shook it. He found that everything on the computer was normal, but the voice in his head was still shouting, which gave him an extremely headache. Finally, Zhao Hai finally couldn't bear it anymore and shouted loudly: "Who are you? Why do you keep shouting, who are you?"

But the voice kept repeating that sentence, which made Zhao Hai almost crazy, but then Zhao Hai calmed down. If he could hear this voice, it was definitely abnormal. In addition, he The feeling of forgetting something important was now clearer, which made Zhao Hai understand that he must have encountered something weird. When he thought of this, he couldn't help but take a few deep breaths to calm down. Then he felt the voice quietly.

The voice was still repeating that sentence. Zhao Hai thought for a while and then said: "Are you not able to answer too many questions?" This was a question he came up with after thinking about it. He had to find it. A way to communicate with that voice. If the other person can't answer too many questions and can only answer yes or no, then he has to think of a way to solve his own problem, so he asks like this. He must Give it a try first and see what the other person's answer is.

"Yes!" the voice replied, and then repeated that sentence, and his answer also made Zhao Hai more sure of his thoughts. He thought for a while, and then said in a deep voice: "Am I your master?" He had to first make sure that he was afraid of his identity. Although the other party kept calling him master, he still wanted to make sure. After all, this was the first time he had encountered this kind of thing.

The other party immediately replied: "Yes." Then repeated the sentence, Zhao Hai thought for a while, and then said: "You keep telling me to wake up, am I not really awake now? Or am I?" Dreaming." Zhao Hai thought this sentence was very important. The other party kept asking him to wake up, which made him a little confused. He had to figure it out.

"Yes, Master, wake up. No, Master, wake up." The voice's answer this time was very strange. He put his answer in the middle of the two sentences about Master waking up. That is to say, he In fact, there are not many things to say to Zhao Hai. Even if he answers questions, he must be very careful. In other words, there is a force preventing the other party from communicating with him, which makes Zhao Hai frown deeply. wrinkled up.

At the same time, he also thought of the iron ball and those mutated beasts in space. Just after he saw the two news, he heard the sound, which made Zhao Hai have to think of them together. Thinking of this, he immediately said: "Yes and no, does that mean that although I seem to be awake now, I am not really awake, but it is still different from sleeping. In my case, , is it related to the iron ball that appeared in space and the mutant beast that appeared on the ground? The iron ball was very big, and the mutant beast looked like a fish at first."

"Yes, master, wake up, servant, master, wake up, contact, master, wake up." The voice answered once, still putting the answer in the middle of the sentence. After removing the sentence, Zhao Hai He also got the answer, yes, servant, contact. There are two interpretations of this sentence. One is that the iron ball and the mutated beast are his servants, allowing him to contact them. The other interpretation is, The reason why he became like this is related to the iron ball and the mutated beast, and this voice is his servant, and he must always keep in touch with him.

Zhao Hai frowned and thought for a while, then said: "You mean to let me get in touch with the iron ball and the mutant beast?" He had to confirm this matter, otherwise, if he really went to the mutant beast In the end, he was eaten by the mutated beast. Isn’t that a big loss? So he had to make sure of this.

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice's answer was still so simple, but Zhao Hai already understood what he meant, but then he was stunned for a moment. He remembered the first time he heard this voice, It was in his dream, when he woke up, that he couldn't hear this voice. But he only heard this voice once before when he had that illusory feeling, and now he is no longer in that state. Isn't it strange that he can still hear that voice despite the feeling state?

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but immediately said: "Why can I communicate with you now when I am awake? What is the reason?" After asking this question, Zhao Hai knew that it would be difficult for him to get the answer. , because it is impossible for the other party to answer such a long question.

Sure enough, the voice stopped for a while, which made Zhao Hai feel worried. He was really afraid that his contact with the other party was interrupted. If that was really the case, he really didn't know. , how can we contact the other party once, but soon the voice of the master waking up came again, which made Zhao Hai relieved, and also made Zhao Hai understand that the other party really couldn't answer his too long greeting. , can only answer some of his questions.

When he thought of this, he said: "Is it because of you that I can communicate with you so conveniently now?" Although these questions seemed useless, Zhao Hai felt that he must answer these questions. He had to ask, otherwise, he was afraid that he would miss some important information.

"No, Master, wake up!" The voice gave a very clear answer, and this answer also made Zhao Hai's heart skip a beat, because in his opinion, there were only two reasons why he could communicate with the other party like this. Either it's because of him or it's because of the other party, and now that the other party has clearly answered that it's not because of the other party that they can communicate like this, then it can only be because of him? In other words, his body must have undergone some changes to be able to communicate with the other party like this.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai's heart couldn't help but beat loudly. As an otaku, and a favorite otaku, he had imagined countless times that it would be great if he had superpowers, just like a spider. Like Xia, he immediately asked: "In other words, we can communicate because I, some power in me have awakened, so we can communicate without waiting until I fall asleep?"

"Yes, Master, wake up!" The other party's answer was still very simple, but Zhao Hai's heart beat faster. He thought for a moment, and then said in a deep voice: "Then what kind of power is my power?" ?Fighting energy?" He thought of many kinds of powers that were often used here, and he was going to try them one by one so that he could get the answer.

"No, Master, wake up." The other party gave the answer. Zhao Hai was not disappointed. He continued: "Magic? No, master, wake up. Superpowers? No, master, wake up. Internal power? No, master, wake up. Mana? Yes, master, wake up, too. No, Master, wake up."

Upon hearing this answer, Zhao Hai couldn't help being stunned, but he decided to name the last energy he could think of. He said, "Spiritual power?" This was the last energy he could think of. , although he really wanted to talk about aura, microcosm, or chakra, but he felt that it was a little unreliable. If mental power was not enough, he would still try, but he still felt that mental power might be more powerful. Be more reliable.

"Yes, Master, wake up." The other party gave a positive answer this time, and when Zhao Hai heard this answer, he almost jumped up with joy, but he still suppressed the excitement in his heart, and then A new question was asked: "In other words, there is actually magic power and spiritual power in my body. And this time I woke up, the power that allows us to communicate like this is spiritual power?"