c7689 go out

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice replied once. As soon as he heard the answer from the voice, Zhao Hai became excited. You must know that the word mana is not often used even among people. , but things like magic power are generally only associated with one situation, that is, a Taoist priest or a monk, and a Taoist priest or a monk is often a name for another kind of person, that is, a practitioner, and Chinese people Generally, practitioners are called monks.

Monk, this is a very lofty name. In reality, when it comes to monks, people often think of some hermits. But if it is here, then the monk has only one identity, that is, a cultivator who pursues immortality. The people of Elder Avenue are the kind of people who can fly with a sword.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but become more excited, but at the same time he was also very nervous. He took a deep breath, and then said: "Does that mean that I am a monk?" He had to confirm his identity first. , and then ask the next question.

"Yes, Master, wake up." When Zhao Hai heard the other party's answer, he couldn't help but feel shocked, and then he immediately said: "Then, as a monk, am I aiming to pursue the elder? Is that so? Can you fly with a sword?" This is the question that Zhao Hai wants to know the most.

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice was still very calm, but these words made Zhao Hai almost jump with excitement, but he still said: "Then am I very strong?" This is also Issues he cares about very much, he must know these before he can decide what to do next.

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice still answered like this. Zhao Hai finally couldn't help laughing, but after being happy for a while, he suddenly discovered a problem, that is, he said that he was very strong. He said that he is a monk, but he does not have that ability at all now, and if he guessed correctly, then he should be controlled by someone now, otherwise this situation would not have happened, and there is a power , has always been controlling himself, and he must regain his power.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai suddenly thought of a question he asked before, and he immediately said: "I want to know, how can I get rid of this situation? Can I only go to see those mutant beasts? Those mutant beasts Won't attack us?" This is the question that Zhao Hai is most worried about. Although he already believes that he must have encountered something terrible, he is still very careful, even though the voice keeps saying that he is a big shot. , his strength is very strong, but Zhao Hai still has a little sense of self-protection. He knows very well that sometimes the pie falling from the sky is not necessarily a good thing. It's mixed with Qibu Changchang Powder.

"Yes, Master, wake up, no, Master, wake up." The voice answered. The answer was still very short, but Zhao Hai almost understood the meaning of the voice. What the other party meant was that if he wanted To get rid of this situation, Zhu must come into contact with those mutant beasts, and those mutant beasts will not attack him.

Zhao Hai thought for a while, then said: "Then how can I make our spiritual power stronger?" This is also the question that Zhao Hai is most concerned about. In his opinion, even if he does not fight with those mutated beasts, He can still get rid of this situation if he comes into contact. As long as his mental power is strong enough, he will definitely be able to get rid of this situation, so he really wants to know how to become stronger mentally.

"Tide, Master, wake up." The other party replied with two words, but these two words confused Zhao Hai. He really didn't quite understand what these two words meant. Thinking of this, he couldn't help but frown, and then said in a deep voice: "What do you mean? Does it mean that I want to improve my mental power? Is it related to the tide?"

"Yes, Master, wake up." The other party's answer was still simple. Zhao Hai thought for a while, and then said in a deep voice: "You keep telling me to wake up, which means that my real body is in a state of awakening now. If that’s really the case, will I be in danger?”

"Yes, Master, wake up." Zhao Hai was shocked when he heard the place's answer. He immediately said: "You mean, I will be in danger? How long can I take advantage of it?" That is to say, how long do I have to wake up before I am no longer in danger?"

"Seven days, master, wake up." The voice gave two very simple words. Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, but then he was shocked. He then said: "Does it start from the time you contact me?" If it was really counted from the time this voice contacted him, then he would have wasted a day, which means that he only had six days, otherwise, he might really There is danger.

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice still only said two words, but it made Zhao Hai panic. He took a deep breath, then looked at the time, and then quickly came to the computer. , and then directly took a look at the news on the computer. He found that there were mutated monsters in the local river. Now the river bank has been blocked by soldiers, preventing ordinary people from going there. The attacks of those mutated beasts It's too strong, and it's very dangerous for ordinary people to go there.

When he saw the news, Zhao Hai couldn't help but frowned. He felt that things seemed to be a bit complicated. He wanted to get in touch with mutant beasts, but now the places where mutant beasts are located have been blocked. How can he go there? Contact those mutant beasts? When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but search the Internet immediately. He just entered the three words "mutant beast".

Looking at the news about mutant beasts that appeared on the screen one after another, Zhao Hai felt extremely headache, because he found that the news did not seem to be of any help to him. After thinking about it, he decided to go out and go to the beach to have a look. , anyway, those soldiers would not doubt him, at most they would regard him as a curious person. In fact, there are many people running by the river every day to watch the excitement. Even if they can't see anything, they still can't. He wants to watch the fun, because that is the nature of Chinese people. Chinese people just like to watch the fun, including Zhao Hai himself, so he doesn't have to worry about anyone doubting him.

But before going out, he still asked the voice a question. When he started searching on the computer, the voice disappeared. Otherwise, if there is a voice that keeps shouting in your ear, it will be enough to make people feel uncomfortable. He had a headache, so the voice disappeared when he was using the computer. Zhao Hai also woke up, but he was still really worried that the voice would disappear forever, so he said carefully: "You are still there. ?"

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice answered immediately, which also made Zhao Hai breathe a sigh of relief. To be honest, Zhao Hai is actually a person who is unwilling to be alone in his heart. He does not want to spend his life like ordinary people. , it is precisely because of this that he chooses to write stories to support himself, and it is precisely because he has his own ideas that he decides to listen to that voice and risk contact with those mutant beasts. He is He was betting that if what the voice said was true, then he was really an extraordinary person. If what the voice said was false, then he would be in great danger, but he still decided to take the risk. He wanted to give it a try.

So as soon as he heard the other party's answer, Zhao Hai immediately said: "I leave my room, can I still contact you like now?" This is what he is most worried about, because he has always been in contact with this voice. It was in his room. If he left the room, he wouldn't be able to contact the voice, which would be troublesome.

The voice came: "Yes, Master, wake up." This answer made Zhao Hai very clear. He glanced around, then found another set of clothes, put them on for himself, and then looked at the room. His room was very small. To be honest, there was really nothing to see. In the end, Zhao Hai decided not to bring any weapons because there was really nothing in the room that could be used as a weapon. Moreover, Zhao Hai had seen a video before. When the country wanted to use the army to eliminate those mutant beasts, it used guns. Even so, many soldiers still died. It can be seen that the power of those mutant beasts can be counted in his house. The only weapon he had was a kitchen knife. He didn't think that he could kill all the mutated beasts with just a kitchen knife.

He left his room with his cell phone and walked straight to the river. He was still quite far away from the river. It would make some real estate developers pissed if they really built their houses by the river. Yes, they will soon build a luxury house near the water, and then the house prices will rise immediately. He can't afford such a house.

The geographical location of Zhao Hai's community is somewhat remote. He walked out of the community and took a taxi. After getting in the car, he directly said to the driver: "Go to the river." When the driver heard what he said, he couldn't help but sigh. He was stunned, but he immediately started the car and walked forward.

As he walked forward, the driver said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, are you going to the river to watch the excitement? It's all caused by those mutated beasts. Let me tell you, there are a lot of people there by the river now. When you get there, except for You can't see anything from the human head, and it's all blocked by the soldiers, so you can't see anything at all."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned, and then said: "Master, how do you know that the river is full of people now? Have you been there?" He knew that these taxi drivers were actually very well-informed. , if you meet someone who likes to chat, it will be even more amazing. They will tell you everything you want to know and everything you don’t want to know.

The driver immediately smiled and said: "Of course I've been there. People who go to the river to watch the fun these days have gone to the sea, so buddy, if you really want to go to the river, I think you'd better forget it. Well, there's really nothing to see." Zhao Hai really believed what he said, which made Zhao Hai frown. If it was really like what the driver said, then there really was no point in going to the river. .