c7684 sleeping

Although there are some clear levels for the division of the monk realm, it is a bit difficult to distinguish clear levels when Wen Wenhai and others are at this level. However, a situation arises. That definitely means that your realm is very advanced, that is, your perception of danger.

You can call this feeling of knowing one's true nature, or you can call it the clear mind of the sword. No matter what name you give it, as long as you can feel that you may be in danger, then it means that your Once your realm has reached a certain level, you can be considered a master.

Zhao Hai felt like this in the past, but other people in the Blood Killing Sect rarely felt like this because they were not strong enough, but it is different now. Now that they are strong enough, they also have That feeling made Wen Wenhai and the others feel very happy.

Three days later, when Wen Wenhai and others gathered at the space passage, everyone saw Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was standing next to the space passage, looking at the space passage with a calm face. When he saw Zhao Hai, Everyone was stunned at first, and then immediately greeted Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai waved his hand, glanced at everyone, and found that Sun Buyu and the others were no longer there, so he smiled slightly and said: "Did Buyu and the others go to retreat? It's better to go to retreat earlier. Anyway, everything in the sect has already moved forward. Now that we are on the right track, there is no need for them to follow us all the time. Letting them retreat earlier will also make them feel more at ease."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Yes, boss, they have gone to retreat. Boss, these are the disciples who are going to explore the road today." As Wen Wenhai spoke, he pointed at the few people standing beside him. These puppet disciples are all official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They all looked a little excited and kept saluting towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, go ahead, be more careful. Don't ask for merit, but ask for no mistakes." The puppet disciples immediately responded, and then they all stood next to the space passage, and then they Their expressions also calmed down, and they began to make preparations. They saw their figures move and fly directly into the air. Then their bodies turned into a metal ball, and then the metal ball began to move. It stopped and grew larger, and finally turned into a metal ball with a diameter of about one meter, and then stopped.

Looking at the metal ball, Zhao Hai nodded, then turned to look at Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai turned to look at Old Man Jiu Suan. Old Man Jiu Suan waved his hand, and a projection immediately appeared in front of them, and then He turned to Zhao Hai and nodded, Zhao Hai also nodded, and then said to the puppet disciples: "Okay, let's get started."

After receiving Zhao Hai's order, the puppet disciples who turned into metal balls fell directly into the space channel and disappeared in the space channel in the blink of an eye. It was the first time for Jiuling Lao and the others to see such a scene. They all looked blankly at the space passage, a little confused as to what was going on.

At this time, he stood aside and rolled his eyes, glanced at a few people, and whispered to a few people: "There is a kind of light of decomposition in the space channel. No matter what it is, after entering the space channel, as long as it is... Once the angular light is hit, one layer will be decomposed, so those puppet disciples, the reason why they become spherical and become larger is because they cover their cores with many layers, so that they can Blocking the light of decomposition and decomposing it many times, as long as they can pass through the space channel, they will be safe."

Upon hearing what Bai Yan said, Jiuling Lao and the others were all stunned, and then they couldn't help but look at each other. They had sent people into the space passage before, but the people who entered never came back, but at that time they But there are not so many layers of defense, which means that the people they send in may be directly decomposed by the light of decomposition as soon as they enter the space channel. This is really terrible.

He rolled his eyes at them and said with a smile: "We only discovered this after many experiments. Don't worry. We have used this method to attack several interfaces, and there were no problems. , I believe that after a while, we will see the situation in the heaven and human world."

Although he said so, his white eyes were still staring at the projection in front of him. He wanted to see what was going on in the Heavenly World and why it made him feel panicked. It turned out that this feeling of panic was not just felt by Wen Wenhai and the others, he also felt it in his heart, but he didn't say it out loud.

Seeing that the projection was still pitch black, he knew that those disciples had not reached the world of heaven and humans yet, but he still did not want to move his eyes away. Even when he was talking to Jiuling Lao and the others, he did not move. Opening his own eyes, he wanted to see the situation in the heaven and human world for the first time.

After a while, the projection suddenly lit up, and Bai Yan's spirit was shaken. Just when he wanted to see clearly what was going on in the projection, he found that the projection dimmed once in a while. This made Bai Yan freeze there for a moment, and The Nine Elders and the others were all stunned, wondering what was going on.

At this moment, Zhao Hai's voice was heard saying: "They have arrived at the Heavenly Realm, but something seems to have happened. They seem to have fallen into a deep sleep and cannot hear our call at all." Wan Zhao Hai's eyes couldn't help but stare at the space passage with sparkling eyes, as if he was very interested in that space passage.

When they heard what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others were all stunned, and then the old man Jiu Suan immediately said: "Tie Yu, Tie Yi, have you reached the heaven and human world? Tie Yu, answer me." His voice It was loud and urgent, but it was obvious that the other party did not hear his words, because there was no reaction at all.

Zhao Hai's voice came once and said: "Okay, no need to shout. When I was sure that he would go to the heaven and human world, I left a mark on them. As long as the mark leaves the space, channel, there will be a reaction immediately. I felt the reaction of the mark before, and also felt the physical condition of Tie Yu and the others through the mark. They were indeed in a deep sleep. I tried calling them through the mark, but nothing happened. Wake up. The light we saw before was because they arrived in the heaven and human world, but immediately fell into a deep sleep, and it seems that the magic circle cannot be used there, so this situation occurred. We are still thinking about other things. Way to do it."

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone was silent for a while. They had also encountered situations where they were not allowed to use the magic circle when they arrived, but those puppet disciples did not fall into a deep sleep at that time. This time the situation was even more serious. It was much more serious than the last time, which made them feel a little heavy. At the same time, Wen Wenhai and the others also understood why they had been restless before. It must be because of this. Those puppet disciples would never fall asleep for no reason, nor would they Maybe it was because the magic circle was not allowed to be used there and he fell into a deep sleep. There must be some other reason.

At this time, Bai Yan said: "Sect Master, I don't know why, when I talk about attacking the world of heaven and humanity, I feel uneasy in my heart. I think this feeling is because of this thing, those disciples will not miss it. Those who fall asleep for no reason must have encountered something, so they are like this. We must stop thinking of a solution."

Hearing what he said, Wen Wenhai and the others couldn't help but look at each other. Wen Wenhai turned to look at him and said, "Old Bai, do you feel this way too? I thought only a few of us did. We were in the meeting before. At that time, I had this feeling, but I didn't say it out loud. Lao Ding also felt this way. It was precisely because of this that he alerted the boss. The boss came here today, otherwise the boss would not Come here, it seems that this matter is indeed serious."

When everyone heard what Wen Wenhai said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then Yao Jianhao, Sheng Si, and Gongsun Yulong all said that they also felt this way. This made everyone understand that they all had this kind of uneasiness. Ning's feeling means that there is indeed something in the world of heaven and humanity that makes them feel uneasy, and it is very likely that it is something that can make people fall asleep deeply.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "So you all feel this way, it's easy to handle, let's try it." After saying this, he moved his hand, and an iron ball appeared in his hand. Then he directly threw the iron ball into the space channel, and then he closed his eyes. After a while, he opened his eyes, then turned to everyone and said: "The iron ball I threw out before , we have arrived at the world of heaven and man. I made thirty layers of the iron ball, but now there are only six layers left. That is to say, in this space passage, there are twenty-four rays of decomposition light. This time in Send two disciples down, but don’t send puppet disciples, just send ordinary disciples we have killed with blood, and let them go there to see what’s going on there.”

Everyone immediately responded, and then Wen Wenhai said: "Boss, I think we should let the alien clan pass. They have very strong fighting power and the ability to save their lives. In addition, they have so many little ones." Zhong can help them fight, so it would be best for them to go over and take a look."

Zhao Hai nodded, then turned to look at Shun Li. Shun Li nodded, and then immediately issued an order. After a while, two people from the alien clan had arrived at the edge of the space passage. These two As soon as the people of the alien clan arrived here, they were a little excited when they saw so many elders there, including Zhao Hai. They immediately saluted Zhao Hai and the others.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and called them directly to his side. He said to the two of them: "We sent two puppet disciples to enter the Heaven and Human Realm before. They reached the Heaven and Human Realm safely, but after arriving there, they fell asleep. I can't wake you up. The use of magic circles is not allowed there, so I am going to send you there. I have tried it before. There are twenty-four lights of decomposition in this space channel, so this time the two of you, You can only wear twenty-four layers of defensive shields. If I am wrong and there is one more light of decomposition here, your lives will be in danger. So it is up to you to decide whether you want to go or not. , whether you go or not, you will not be punished in any way.”