c7686 writer

Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes. The first thing that caught his eyes was the snow-white roof, and there were a few strands of spider webs in the corners. Then he turned his head twice more, and then he realized that he was They were small beds. This bed was only one and a half meters wide and two meters long. It was also very simple, just an ordinary wooden bed. .

As he looked around, he felt a little familiar and a little unfamiliar. This was a room that was not very big. It looked like it was only about thirty square meters. This was a small apartment-style room. This room was still He worked hard to buy it, and he is still paying off the loan. It's not that he doesn't want to live in a big house, but he really can't afford it.

The layout of this room is also very simple, with a large window, which is also a standard feature of houses nowadays. No matter the size of the room, the window will be very large for you, which provides great lighting. Except for the windows, the four walls are all white. The most common white walls, the ground is not covered with flooring or ceramic tiles, but ordinary floor leather, except for a table and a computer desk. , there is only a small simple table on the ground. This table can be used by one person to eat. It can only hold two dishes at most. If it is more, it cannot be placed. There are also several small, plastic Xiao Dengzi, everything seems so simple.

Zhao Hai sat up and rubbed his head gently. He felt as if he had forgotten something important, but he couldn't remember it for a while. He looked around and saw that this was his home. , although it is very simple, this is indeed my own home, a nest that belongs entirely to myself.

He jumped out of bed, without putting on shoes, and went directly to the bathroom. He first put in the water, and then started to wash up. After a brief wash, he returned to the bed, but did not lie down, but sat there in a daze. , I no longer have the mood to even turn on the computer.

Zhao Hai is a writer. He cannot call himself a writer. Writers are only titles given to people who appear to be very tall people. However, he can only call himself a writer. He feels that with his current life situation, it is basically impossible to call himself a writer. He has no right to call himself a writer. What qualifications does a street writer who writes online novels have to call himself a writer just to sound good? Although he is not a successful writer, and he is not even a literati, he still has some of the sourness of a literati, so he has always only called himself a writer, not a writer.

Becoming a writer has always been his dream. His education level is not high because he was born in the countryside. As a post-80s generation, he did not catch up with the good times. At that time, in some rural areas, it was not good for children. He didn't care much about going to college. He only went to middle school, and then went to a technical school with no grades of 4 or 6. He wanted to get out of school and get a job, but he didn't learn anything in the technical school. When we arrived at the factory, the factory immediately closed down. He, who had just graduated from school, was actually laid off.

After that, he started working everywhere. If he were an ordinary person, he might spend his whole life like this, find a relatively stable job, and then find a similar wife, and then slowly finish his life like this. However, he was different from ordinary people. People are different, he has always had a dream, he wants to be a writer.

He liked reading stories, all kinds of stories, when he was young. Until he was working around, he still never gave up on his dream. He kept reading books, although they were all novels, but this made his The dream turned into an obsession, and finally he gave up his job and became a professional writer.

Although his current income may not be as good as when he was working, he likes it very much. Every morning when he gets up, the first thing he does is turn on the computer, read a book, and write his own story. This has become the first priority in his daily life. Bu, he has been living like this for such a long time.

But today he didn't do that. He didn't touch the computer. He didn't know why. He always had a very strange feeling about the computer that he was very familiar with. He felt like he had forgotten something important. He felt like he had forgotten something important. It does not belong to this, to this small family that he has built with so much hard work.

Zhao Hai glanced around. Everything here seemed so familiar, but seemed so strange. This feeling was extremely weird. In the end, he shook his head and didn't pay attention to the messy quilt on the bed. He walked directly to the In front of the computer desk, I typed on the computer on the computer desk, and then sat on the computer chair in a daze.

After a while, the sound of music when the computer started up finally woke him up. He took a look at his computer desktop. His computer desktop was very clean. Apart from a few software that came with the program, there was only one music player. The software, without anything else, seems very light and refreshing.

He doesn't like playing games. There isn't a single game on his computer. Sometimes he feels that the life he lives is like that of an ancient monk. However, he has become accustomed to this kind of life and it doesn't matter to him anymore. , he glanced at the computer, then shook the mouse, opened the web page directly, and read the news.

He likes to read some news on the Internet, but he has a problem with reading news, that is, he only likes to read the headlines of the news. He rarely reads the main content of the news. This is also a very strange problem of his, unless He will only take a look at some news that he is particularly interested in. For general news, he only looks at the title. Rather than reading the news, it is better to say that he wants to use the news to understand what is happening in the outside interface. What kind of changes should I make to prevent myself from being completely out of touch with society?

Watching the news absently, he was thinking about other things. He always felt that he had forgotten something important, but he couldn't remember what it was. This feeling made him He had always been a little uneasy.

At this time, a sudden news headline fell into his eyes, and he saw that the news read "Aliens discovered outside the earth!" 》Looking at this title, Zhao Hai really didn’t know what to say. Now the world can be said to be an era of information explosion. Computers and mobile phones can all access the Internet, so all kinds of monsters and monsters can be seen. In order to attract attention, all kinds of news can be made up for you. This is what he hates the most.

He didn't even look at the news, he just scrolled down to see what kind of news there was below. Soon, another piece of news appeared on the computer, and it read "Mutant Beast Surprised in Scenic Area". This news attracted some of Zhao Hai's attention. He likes to read some news like this, but most of them At that time, this kind of news was all lies. Even if there were pictures on it, it was just a picture made by a computer, but he still liked it.

When he opened the link and entered the new page, the first thing that caught his eye was a very strange monster. This monster looked very strange. It looked like a fish, but it was not a fish. It still has four legs and a mouth of fangs, and now it is opening its big mouth and roaring at the surroundings.

He took a closer look at the news, and then realized that the news was actually about their city. There was a river in their city, and that river was one of the few scenic spots in the city. This fish was found in that river. A person who went out for fun found such a strange fish. This strange fish was more than thirty centimeters long. I heard that the police have been called to deal with it.

Once he saw that the police had been called, Zhao Hai was not in the mood to watch, but he still felt very strange, because he felt that when he saw the strange fish before, he felt a little weird in his heart. He actually felt very familiar with that strange fish.

But after thinking about it, he really couldn't figure out where he had seen this kind of strange fish. Although he was half a movie fan, he was only interested in blockbusters and horror movies, and he was very good at it. He rarely knows how to read, so he must have never seen that kind of strange fish, but why does he feel very familiar?

He shook his head and watched the news for a while. He felt that it was not interesting. He directly put the news page, opened his own story, and began to prepare to write. As for eating, you don't expect a bachelor to eat on time. That's almost impossible. impossible.

After writing three thousand words non-stop, he was ready to relax and opened the news page. This time, he was stunned because the news page was almost filled with two news items. , one is the news about the discovery of aliens in space, and the other is the news about the discovery of mutant beasts.

Among the ten pieces of news, at least four were related to these two pieces of news. This made Zhao Hai very puzzled and very surprised at the same time. He knew very well that the fact that these two pieces of news appeared in so many cases meant that these two pieces of news This piece of news may be true to a large extent, which made him feel even more strange, but at the same time he also felt very excited. He immediately opened a piece of news about the discovery of aliens in space. He really I want to see what kind of aliens appear in space.

After he opened the news and read it carefully, he realized that the news was not fake news, but real news. Aliens were really discovered in space. It was a huge metal ball. , just floating in space, this metal ball has attracted the attention of all countries, and all countries are observing this metal ball.

Zhao Hai looked at some satellite pictures on the news. It was really just a metal ball, but it seemed to be very big. It floated there quietly and looked very weird. Zhao Hai glanced at it a few times and closed it. News, although this news is interesting, it’s just a matter of reading it. After all, it’s too far away from his life. He just wants to see it. He doesn’t have the ability to deal with things like this, and it’s not his turn to take care of it. , so he just watched the excitement and didn't take it seriously at all. He also took a look at the news about mutant beasts. It was almost the same, but he just discovered a strange fish. After reading it, he closed it directly. News page, and devoted itself to its own work.