c7685 panic

When the two alien disciples heard what Zhao Hai said, they didn't even think about it and said directly: "I am willing to die for the sect master." They were born because of Zhao Hai. They are Zhao Hai's servants, so naturally they are I wouldn't object, so I agreed immediately without any hesitation.

Zhao Hai nodded, glanced at the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, let's protect ourselves. Remember, you must protect yourself completely. If there is any danger in the heaven and human world, you are welcome. , attack immediately, and if that doesn’t work, just use the teleportation array to come back.”

The two of them responded. Since they were not fighting, they were all still in human form. After receiving the order, the two of them flew up as soon as they moved, and then layers of layers began to appear on their bodies. The metal shield has a total of twenty-four layers, one layer is not too much, and the other layer is not enough.

After all the shields were completed, the two people's figures moved and fell directly into the space passage. At this time, everyone's eyes fell on the projection in the hands of the old man Jiu Suan. If the two could When they get to the Heavenly Realm, the projection in the hands of Old Man Jiu Suan will show how the two of them feel on the projection.

After a while, the white light flashed on the projection, and then turned into darkness. Everyone was stunned, and then their faces all turned very ugly. They all turned to look at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai His face was also a little solemn, and he said in a deep voice: "They have also fallen into a deep sleep, and there is no danger at all. This is a bit weird."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone was stunned, and then they all fell into deep thought. After a while, Yao Jianhao finally said: "Sect Master, can you use the previous technique to feel the coordinates there? If you can If we feel the coordinates there, we can directly use the teleportation array to send people there. If they just fall into a deep sleep, it may be that they have tricked the other party. The other party has either used poison or curses. As long as we If we send people to defend ourselves, there should be no problem."

When everyone heard what he said, they were all stunned. Then their eyes lit up and they turned to look at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "I can't feel it. It's just a mark. It's not a particularly powerful spell. No." You may feel too many things, and you can only attach yourself to certain things. Feeling the condition of this thing is not very useful.”

Everyone couldn't help but feel disappointed. Zhao Hai glanced at them and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "It doesn't matter. Now we are sure that there are only twenty-four decomposition lights in the space channel. That will be easy. I'm ready." Just go there in person, wait until I can decipher what it is, put them into a deep sleep, and then take everyone there with me."

"No!" Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect said almost simultaneously. You must know that Zhao Hai's identity is now different from before. Now he is the leader of a sect with hundreds of billions of people. How can he personally take risks? Therefore, everyone is opposed, and they all speak in unison.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, and of course he knew what they were thinking. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, you don't have to worry, you also know my strength, and I will defend myself well and will not let the enemy know my strength." Identity, except for me, I'm afraid you don't have the ability to crack the thing that makes them sleep. Let me do it. You don't have to worry about anything. There is nothing to worry about. If I really fall asleep, you don't have to worry. , Believe me, I will definitely wake up." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and without any defense, he entered the space channel.

As soon as they saw Zhao Hai's actions, everyone was stunned. It was too late for them to stop him. Wen Wenhai's face suddenly turned ugly. He immediately said: "Everyone, be prepared. If the sect leader really has fallen into a deep sleep. Everyone must come forward to stabilize the situation of the sect. I will immediately inform the ladies about this matter. Old Ding, from now on, you are the master of the sect master’s law enforcement hall. There are people in the sect. Any emergencies will be resolved by you. If anyone dares to mess around during this period of time, don't be polite and kill him directly. Even if he has a few lives, you have to give him to me. Went out."

Ding Chunming didn't say anything, just nodded. Then Wen Wenhai immediately took out the communication array and directly informed Laura and the others of the news. Just after telling Laura and the others, Laura and the others had already appeared in the space channel. , and at this time, they had not yet received the disappearance of Zhao Hai, which made their faces even more ugly.

As soon as he saw Laura and the others coming, Wen Wenhai immediately stepped forward and explained the situation clearly to them. Then he said to Laura and the others: "The boss has been here for a while, and the projection in the hands of Elder Jiu Suan just now There, there was also a flash of white light, and then there was no reaction from him. It was the same as the situation of the previous people. Judging from this situation, the leader may have fallen into a deep sleep, but the leader said before, let us not worry, how about you? Please don’t worry, everyone. We will keep sending people over and we will definitely wake up the leader and them all. I don’t believe that no matter what the other party has there, it is impossible for them to withstand the hundreds of billions of our blood-killing sect. The impact." His words were of course comforting Laura and the others, and they were also the solution they came up with.

Laura didn't look panicked at all. She just glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "Okay, don't worry, you just do whatever Brother Hai tells you to do. Don't worry about anything. Now Hai Brother has fallen into a deep sleep, but there is no danger. You have nothing to worry about. Go back. Those who should train disciples should train disciples. Don't send people over again. There is no need. Brother, you have confidence. You must believe that he can definitely defeat the enemy and will definitely wake up on his own. When he wakes up, it will be the beginning of our attack on the heaven and human world. Go back. I will inform you when he wakes up."

Everyone was stunned when they heard what Laura said. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Ms. Laura, this is no joke. If the sect is really in danger, then we will kill the sect and it will be over. We should find a way to rescue the sect leader." Wen Wenhai is the person who is most worried about Zhao Hai. He has followed Zhao Hai all the way and has already regarded Zhao Hai as his god. If something really happens to Zhao Hai , he is afraid that he will not survive. He will go to the enemy to fight for the first time. Even if he is not the enemy's opponent, he will do this.

Laura smiled and said: "I'm not kidding, what I said is true. Brother Hai and I are one in life and death. If something happens to Brother Hai, several of us will die immediately. Now we don't have It’s okay, Brother Hai is fine, and I can tell you that there is still a spiritual connection between us and Brother Hai. If Brother Hai wakes up, we will know immediately that he is really just She is sleeping. Don’t worry, everyone. Go back and wait for news from us. As soon as there is news, we will tell you as soon as possible. Old Ding, please take a look at the situation in the sect and send someone to guard here. Don't let anyone pass. When the situation is unclear, sending more people over will only cause more trouble, and may even implicate Brother Hai. So stay here and don't let Ren Baoren pass. , Gu Yuanzheng, you are the same. Send people to guard here, and at the same time help Lao Ding and the others to stabilize the situation of the sect. Make it clear to the disciples in the sect that Brother Hai is just like a retreat. He is going to retreat for a period of time. Time, when he comes out of seclusion after a while, nothing will happen, so go ahead."

Ding Chunming and Gu Wuzheng both responded, and then Ding Chunming turned to Sheng Si and said, "Xiao Si, stay here, no one is allowed to enter the space passage." After saying that, Ding Chunming turned to look at Wen Wenhai and the others, He said in a deep voice: "Everyone, I'm sorry. In this situation, I can only listen to the orders of a few ladies. Everyone will go back immediately, comfort all the disciples, and train those who need to be trained. It is best not to Tell those disciples the news and say that due to some reasons, we have to postpone the attack on the heaven and human world for a while to avoid causing chaos. I believe the young master has weathered many storms and waves, and nothing will happen this time. Damn it, what everyone has to do now is not to get confused, don’t panic, and all go back and be prepared. If the disciples of the sect know the news, there may be chaos. At that time, we all must step forward to control the situation. Now we can This is not the time to be polite.”

When everyone heard what Ding Chunming said, they knew that things could no longer change, so they could only nodded. Wen Wenhai also took a deep breath at this time, and then he turned to everyone and said: "Okay, then In this way, don't tell anyone what happened here today, just tell the disciples that they are still conducting reconnaissance on the Heaven and Human Realm, and they still need to wait for a while to attack the Heaven and Human Realm. Just use this period of time, Train them and let them get used to it well, so as to avoid any accidents when they get to the world of heaven and humans."

Everyone agreed, and they also knew that now is not the time to raise any opinions. At this time, they must unite and get through this difficulty together. As long as Zhao Hai wakes up, everything will be fine. If Zhao Hai cannot wake up, then they I'm afraid these people will die soon.

Gu Yuanzheng looked at the crowd and said: "There is nothing to worry about. Everyone knows my identity. We, the undead clan, to put it bluntly, were all created by the young master. We are equal to the young master's slaves. Once something happens to the young master, Son, all of us from the undead clan will die. Now that we are not affected in any way, it means that the young master will be fine, so everyone really has nothing to worry about."

When everyone heard what Gu Yuanzheng said, they were all slightly startled. Only now did they understand that the undead clan had such an origin. No wonder they were the most loyal to Zhao Hai, because their lives had already been determined by Zhao Hai. They are tightly connected. If something happens to Zhao Hai, none of them will survive. Now that they are all alive and kicking, there is nothing to worry about, and everyone feels slightly relieved.