c7683 Flustered

After Wen Wenhai and the others assigned everyone's work, the entire Blood Killing Sect became busy. Soldiers and horses from all clans began to be mobilized. This time, the Blood Killing Sect needed to mobilize a lot of soldiers and horses, and all clans needed soldiers and horses. Rearrange, like the ghost clan, the ghost clan has not participated in a battle for a long time. They need to be retrained so that they know how to cooperate with other disciples to fight. .

At the same time, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have also begun to undergo training. This training is very important. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must learn how to fight in different environments and how to cooperate with races that they were not familiar with before. Fighting, these are very important to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai and the others had previously set a goal for one month. During this month, the entire Blood Killing Sect was busy, and the Blood Killing Sect's cabinet also began to officially become busy. However, the further they went, the less likely they were. So busy, because everything in the Blood Killing Sect is on the right track, they don't need to be so busy.

The automatic management system of the Blood Killing Sect really came in handy at this time. There were many things that the automatic management system could handle. In fact, Wen Wenhai and the others did not have many things to deal with. They just kept an eye on the sect. Just some things in the door are enough, there really is nothing that they need to do.

A month later, Wen Wenhai called all the cabinet members to the conference room. After everyone arrived, Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "A month has passed. During this period, our Everyone has done a very good job. I have noticed that everyone has completed their tasks well. So now we should think about what we have to do next, which is how to attack the next interface. What do you think about this? What do you think?"

Everyone thought for a while, and Chang Jun said: "We have decided to attack the heaven and human world a long time ago. I don't have any ideas, but there is one thing I must make clear. We must report this matter to the sect leader first. Be prepared, although our Shan Pavilion has the authority to handle sect affairs, we must report matters like this to the sect master."

Everyone else also nodded. This matter really needs to be reported to Zhao Hai. If they don't even tell Zhao Hai and just act privately, they will inevitably arouse Zhao Hai's dissatisfaction, which will not do them any good. Yes, their power was given by Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai can also take back their power.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Don't worry, I have reported it to the boss a long time ago. The boss said that he will pay attention to this matter, but how to proceed is still up to us. He will not care. Yes, things like this really don’t need to be taken care of by the boss. Let’s talk about what we are going to do next.”

Chang Jun and the others didn't think that Wen Wenhai would lie to them, and Wen Wenhai didn't have the courage to do so. Even though he usually made some jokes with Zhao Hai, and he always called Zhao Hai "boss" instead of "sect master" like they did. In fact, Wen Wenhai is one of the most loyal people to Zhao Hai, so he will definitely not lie about this matter.

Chang Jun said: "Actually, there's nothing to say about this. I think it's just like before. First, we send people into the heaven and human world to see the situation there, then establish a base, and then the army follows in. This kind of The method is very effective when attacking other interfaces, I think it won't fail this time, right?"

Everyone nodded. They all knew that what Chang Jun said was very reasonable. Just like what Chang Jun said, this method is very effective when attacking other interfaces. So now use this method to attack. In the world of gods and humans, there should be no problem.

Wen Wenhai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Do you have any other opinions? If there are no other opinions, then just use this method." Wen Wenhai actually agreed to use this method, but he He must ask everyone and get answers from everyone. After all, he is not Zhao Hai, and he cannot have the final say in everything by himself.

Everyone shook their heads and expressed that they had no objections. Wen Wenhai felt relieved. He nodded and said: "Okay, everyone has no objections. Then this matter has been decided. We should use the previous method and send the puppet disciples first." Enter the Heavenly Realm to see the situation, then establish a base there, and finally the army will follow."

Everyone nodded, and Yao Jianhao said: "We have always used this method before, and we are using this method now. There should be no problems, but we still have to be prepared for the response. Let's do this. Seven days of preparation time is enough. After all, it is the first time for all the clans of our Blood Killing Sect to be mixed together, and it will take some time to assemble the army, so seven days should be enough."

Everyone nodded, and no one objected. Seven days was indeed enough. If it weren't for the fact that the various clans of the Blood Killing Sect had just been mixed together and had not experienced battles together, it would not have taken seven days at all. , three days is too long, let alone seven days.

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "Okay, then it's decided. In the seven days of team formation, all disciples must be ready, because no one knows what will happen when attacking the new interface. If that interface is like the Asura World If we are not allowed to use the magic circle there, we will still have to make adjustments, so we must make them ready. Everyone, please go back. In seven days, we will gather at the space channel."

Everyone responded, then stood up, turned around and left, but Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun did not leave. After those people left, Wen Wenhai said to Chang Jun: "Old Chang, I don't know why. Why do I keep feeling flustered this time? It seems like something is about to happen. Do you feel this way?"

When Chang Jun heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Wen Wenhai with a serious face and said, "Do you feel this way too? I thought I was the only one who felt this way. It seems that it really happened this time." What is going to happen, but what will happen? Even if the enemies in the heaven and human world are very powerful, we don’t need to feel this way, right? And to be honest, even if we encounter strong enemies, I don’t It feels like this, it’s so weird.”

Wen Wenhai's face also became serious, and he said in a deep voice: "Speaking of which, the strength of the two of us is no longer weak, and we also have a sense of danger. This time, the feeling is very wrong. Could it be? Is there any danger? No? I really don’t understand what could threaten us.”

At this moment, they saw Ding Chunming walking in from the door. When they saw Ding Chunming, both of them were stunned. Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Old Ding, why are you back? But what happened? "The two of them still attach great importance to Ding Chunming. Ding Chunming can also be said to be a training madman. His absolute loyalty to Zhao Hai, coupled with his strength, so his status in the Blood Killing Sect is actually still Very transcendental.

Ding Chunming looked at the two people and said in a deep voice: "When I mentioned the attack on the Heaven and Human World, I felt a little flustered. I have never felt this way before, so I feel that this time I will attack the Heaven and Human World. It will go so smoothly, I think it is best for us to tell the young master about this matter."

When Ding Chunming said this, both of them were shocked. At this moment, a voice suddenly said: "Oh? All three of you feel like this? This is really interesting. , it seems that there is really some danger in this world of heaven and humanity." With a voice, Zhao Hai appeared in the conference room, and the three of them immediately stood up and saluted Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai waved his hand, glanced at the three of them, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, you're welcome. Come sit down and talk. Let's talk about how you feel. With your level of strength, how can you deal with danger? You will indeed have some feelings, tell me and let me listen.”

The three of them agreed, then sat down, and then Wen Wenhai said: "I don't have any special feeling. It's just that every time I mention the heaven and human world, I feel a little panicked. I feel like there is no place in the heaven and human world." It seems that there is something we hate very much. This feeling is very bad. How can I put it, it is like seeing a bug. Although we are not afraid of it, we hate it very much. That is the feeling. .”

Chang Jun and Ding Chunming also nodded. It was obvious that they felt the same way. When Zhao Hai heard what they said, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "It seems that there is actually no danger in the heaven and human world. It's just that there are some things you hate, so it's easier to handle. Well, reconnaissance must be carried out, and then through this reconnaissance, we will know what kind of enemy we face, and we will then Make a decision, I will be there in person when the time comes, so be prepared." After saying that, Zhao Hai stood up and left directly.

Naturally, the three of them didn't say anything. They all stood up and sent Zhao Hai out. After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai turned to the other two people and said, "It seems that the boss doesn't feel that way. That's right." He said that things in the world of heaven and humans do not pose any threat to the leader. This is a good thing. In this way, the safety of our Blood Killing Sect is guaranteed, and then we have nothing to worry about. Let’s go back and prepare Just wait, in three days, we will go to the space channel, and then send people to conduct reconnaissance in the Heaven and Human Realm." The two of them agreed, then gave Wen Wenhai a fist, turned and left.

After the two people left, Wen Wenhai smiled slightly and returned to his room. For these people, as long as Zhao Hai is fine, then nothing will happen and they have nothing to worry about. , so Wen Wenhai is completely relieved now. He wants to see what is there in the world of heaven and humanity that can actually make him feel like that. It is the first time for him to feel like this. Yes, this made him very curious, and also made him very excited, because it meant that his strength had finally reached this level.