c7687 end of the world

After completing his mission for today, Zhao Hai went to watch the movie he had been following for a while. Now there were more and more routines written in it, and he couldn't stand it anymore. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to go there. Look at the news. There are some news now that are really better than this.

After eating something, he decided to watch a movie for a while, and then go to take a nap. The purpose of a writer is usually so boring, and it is not like what people say, a writer should go to various interviews to understand the situation. There is no such possibility at all. Most of the time, they all stay at home, which is not considered a homebody, but it can definitely be regarded as a homebody and a homebody. Unless you are successful and famous, otherwise you can only live as a homebody. Such hard days.

The day passed in such a boring way. Lying in bed, he couldn't fall asleep for a long time. The feeling that he had forgotten something was always bothering him. It took him a long time to finally He fell into a deep sleep, but just as he fell asleep, he seemed to hear someone calling him, which made him startled, and then he woke up immediately.

When he opened his eyes once, he found that he was in darkness, and a voice kept calling him: "Master, wake up, master, wake up." This voice kept repeating, and it was the only one. In a word, the voice seemed to be very close to him, but also far away from him, which made him a little scared, but strangely, he could feel that he was dreaming and that he should be asleep now.

As soon as he had this thought, he woke up suddenly. He glanced around and found that he was still lying on the bed, still in his small room. He couldn't help but cursed, and then he closed his eyes again, He was ready to have a good sleep, but as soon as he fell asleep, the voice appeared again, and Zhao Hai woke up again with the repeated words.

After repeating it several times, Zhao Hai finally sat up and couldn't help but curse while sitting on the bed. His usual sleep was not very good, but it was not bad enough. Today, this is the first time this happened. This first encounter made him feel extremely angry.

After being angry for a while, he lay down again, but after he fell asleep, the dream came again, which made Zhao Hai even more headache. Finally, he opened his eyes directly, and then he came to the simple little room. From the kitchen, he took out a bottle of wine, another generation of peanuts, and a plate of pickles. He returned to the room, turned on the computer, found a movie that interested him, and watched it while drinking. I ate pickles and peanuts until I was so drunk that I lay down on the bed again and fell asleep with my eyes closed.

But just after he fell asleep, the voice came again and again, but because of the effect of alcohol, he did not wake up, but said: "Who are you? Are you talking to me?" This time he He no longer knew that he was dreaming, that's why he shouted like this.

The voice seemed to have heard his words, paused, and then said: "My master, you finally spoke, please wake up quickly." The voice reached Zhao Hai very clearly. , but he still didn't understand what the other party meant, because what the other party said now was no different from what he said before.

Zhao Hai then said loudly: "Who are you? Are you talking to me? Why do you call me master? What system are you from?" The reason why Zhao Hai asked this is because the system stream is very popular now. It seems that you wrote , if you don’t bring some system or something, you will be embarrassed to meet people.

The voice came once: "My master, I..." He seemed to have said something again, but Zhao Hai couldn't hear it at all. It seemed that that part of the voice was directly blocked by someone. The news that reached him was the same, which made Zhao Hai even more strange. Then he heard the voice coming again: "Master, please wake up quickly."

Zhao Hai frowned. He felt that this matter was even weirder, but he still said: "Who are you? Are you talking to me? Why are you awake? What on earth are you talking about?" That voice came again. He began to repeat the words that the master had woken up, as if nothing else he said could reach his ears, only this sentence could reach his ears.

I don't know how long it took, Zhao Hai finally woke up. When he opened his eyes, he felt that he was very thirsty. He knew that it was because he drank wine, so he got up and took a sip of water, rubbing his eyes. He rubbed his aching head and tried hard to think about the dream he had last night.

But the strange thing is that here is the dream he had before drinking last night. He clearly remembered the sentence in the dream when the master woke up. But after drinking, he knew that he had dreamed again, but what was the meaning of the dream? He didn't know what he was dreaming about, which made him very puzzled.

Shaking his head, he went to clean up his personal hygiene. Then he turned on the computer again, just like every day. He first read the news. When he saw the news, he was shocked because he found out about aliens and mutant beasts. There is more and more news, and there is even a saying on the Internet that the end of the world is coming.

Of course, Zhao Hai also saw this news. He was really surprised. He never thought that the two news items that he thought were fake news yesterday would turn out to be like this. He clicked on them casually. After a few news, he discovered that the two new ones had made new progress. The metal ball in space was slowly approaching the earth. According to the speed of the iron ball, it wouldn't take long. , the iron ball will enter the earth, and it will hit the earth like a meteorite. There are even rumors that, judging from the size of the iron ball, if the iron ball really hits the earth, It will probably cause a huge disaster when it reaches the earth. By then, it is really not an exaggeration to say that it will be the end of the world.

There were even rumors that the major powers were preparing to jointly attack the iron ball with nuclear bombs. The iron ball must not be allowed to fall to the ground. This shocked Zhao Hai. He never expected that this would happen. It has developed to this point, and it is already talking about the end of the world, and it still has noses and eyes.

Then he glanced at another news. The other news was that mutant beasts were appearing in more and more places on the earth. These mutant beasts were very difficult to kill, and their attack power was also very powerful. They Not only will they attack people, they will also attack other animals. The most terrifying thing is that no matter what animal they attack, after the attack, they will have the ability of that animal. I heard that there are already mutant beasts that have turned into human form. .

Looking at these two pieces of news, Zhao Hai was really dumbfounded. If the news was true, the end of the world might really be coming. This was too scary. As soon as he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately walked over. In front of his window, he opened the curtains and looked downstairs, because there was a large supermarket not far from his downstairs. He usually went there to buy anything. He just wanted to see it. Look, what about the supermarket? If the news on the Internet really spreads, then given the character of the Chinese people, I am afraid they will have to go to the supermarket to buy again.

Sure enough, there was a long queue at the supermarket downstairs. It was originally a very big supermarket, but now it was still crowded with people outside, and some were even shouting. As soon as I saw In this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel a headache. He knew that those two pieces of news had finally caused a chain reaction. A reaction like this was just the beginning.

Thinking of this, he immediately ran to the bed, picked up his mobile phone, and then called a friend of his. This friend of his was a good friend he met at work. The relationship between the two was very close. Well, he kept in touch. He called that friend just to ask him what was going on outside.

Soon the other party was connected, and Zhao Hai immediately said: "Old Yang, where are you?" This is a common opening for friends to call, and he is no exception. The other party said on the other end of the phone: "I'm here in the supermarket. Didn't you see the news? The end of the world is coming. We need to save more food and water now."

Zhao Hai was stunned, and then he said: "What's going on? Is it true? Is there really such a thing as the end of the world?" Zhao Hai didn't expect that Lao Yang also ran to the supermarket and asked for more money. When rushing to buy those things, you must know that Lao Yang usually doesn't believe in these things. I didn't expect that this time he would be involved.

Lao Yang said: "You don't know yet? The news on TV has reported that a big iron ball appeared in space and is smashing towards the earth. Mutated beasts have also been discovered outside. I heard that some environments outside are relatively different now. Well, in a country with a lot of wild animals, some animal disasters have occurred. Some small towns outside have been invaded by mutant beasts. All the people in the town have been eaten by those mutant beasts. After eating the people in those small towns, those mutated beasts seemed to have become smarter and began to fight guerrillas with people. I said Zhao Er, you should hurry up and buy some things to go home and save. Otherwise, if it really happens, What happened? You don't even have anything to eat. Come on, I'm taking up space here. When you come, just come to me and we'll go in together."

Zhao Hai put down his phone in a daze. He really didn't expect that such a thing would happen. This made him really don't know what to say. He had never encountered such a thing before. He had been there before, but after thinking about it, he decided to go to the supermarket to buy some things first. He was not afraid of accidents, but just in case. If something unexpected happened, he would really run out of food.

When he thought of this, he immediately came to his bed, pulled out a drawer under the bed, took out his bank card and some change, then immediately changed into clothes and walked out the door. After a while, he went out and ran straight to the supermarket. He didn't know what the world would become. After all, he was just an ordinary person and could only do the same things as other people.