c7680 cabinet

Three months have passed in the blink of an eye. It has been three months since the Blood Killer Sect conducted a census. On this day, Chang Jun was still busy with his own affairs. Suddenly, there was a knock on his door. When the sound rang, he immediately said: "Come in." He has been very busy in the past few months. He has a lot of things to do every day. He is so busy that he thought it was something happening in the sect again. He had to handle it, so when he heard the door opening, he asked without raising his head: "What's the matter?"

The person who came in didn't speak for a long time. After a while, he finally opened his mouth and said with a smile: "Hahaha, good guy, you are so busy now that you don't even pay attention to the people who came in." Upon hearing this familiar voice, Chang Jun couldn't help but raised his head. When he saw that the person speaking was Wen Wenhai, he couldn't help being overjoyed. He immediately stood up and walked quickly towards Wen Wenhai. As he walked towards Wen Wenhai, he said to Wen Wenhai : "Old Wen, you are finally out of seclusion, hahahaha. I have been so busy recently that I forgot about your release from seclusion, hahahaha."

The person who came was none other than Wen Wenhai. When he heard what Chang Jun said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "It's okay. I just came out of seclusion. It's not a big deal. It's no big deal. How is the sect lately? For Long How is the attack on the world? Why are you so busy?" In Wen Wenhai's view, the Blood Killing Sect has now begun to use its own management system, and Chang Jun should not be so busy.

When Chang Jun heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Oh, forget it, the environment here in Dragon Realm is different from other places. There is actually a race here, which is the Dragon Realm Hai Clan. We conquer After conquering the Dragon Realm and subduing the Sea Clan, they naturally became members of our Blood Killing Sect. Later we discovered that the Sea Clan of our Blood Killing Sect had developed quietly over the years, and now the Blood Clan The population of the Sea Clan in the Blood Killing Clan has exceeded the population on land. For this reason, we both had to conduct a census. Finally, we got the result that the population of our Blood Killing Clan now exceeds 150 billion. Now, do you think it’s scary? Now these people all have to be redistributed, do you think I’m busy or not?”

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned, and then he said with a surprised look: "What? Our Blood Killing Sect has so many people now? Is it considered a clan of undead? Is it considered a clan of aliens? "Wen Wenhai is very aware of the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. Whether it is the undead clan or the alien clan, their population is always changing. Therefore, when the Blood Killing Sect conducts a census of the population, it is not Those two races will be counted, but I don’t know if those two races will be counted this time.

Chang Jun shook his head and said: "No, not counting those two races. Just the races in the sect are enough to give us a headache. The undead clan and the alien clan have their own way of doing things. Style will not be involved, so we do not count their two races. Now the number of ordinary races in our Blood Killing Sect has exceeded 15 million."

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but frowned slightly and said: "In this way, we have to deal with more things, especially those of the Sea Clan. We didn't pay much attention to them before. Now that they suddenly joined the sect, for the people in the sect, I'm afraid it will have a certain impact on all races, and if they participate in the sect's external wars, they must also undergo training."

Chang Jun smiled bitterly and said: "It is precisely because of this that we are so busy. There is no way. There are too many things to do. We can't be busy. Now the Hai Clan is conducting unified training in the real illusion. Regardless of the large population of the Hai Clan , but among them, there are only so many races with truly powerful combat capabilities, and the combat capabilities of other races can only be considered average."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It doesn't matter. Even if they are ordinary races, as long as they can train seriously, strong people will appear sooner or later. By the way, have you selected the candidates to go to the time acceleration area this time? If so, If they come out, just let them in."

Chang Jun responded, and then said: "By the way, I haven't asked you yet, how do you feel about practicing this time? Have you gained anything?" Chang Jun has already practiced in the time acceleration area, and he knows very well Yes, retreating in the time acceleration area is also different. Some people will gain more, and some will gain less. But no matter what, there will be some gains, so he asked this question.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Of course I have gained something, not small, but not bad. Forget it, let's not talk about it. We all have come out and can help you some, but we have to Let us adapt for a while, otherwise, we will really be a little confused, after all, the sect has changed too much in the past few months."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "Let's hold a meeting. You are all out of isolation. You must also hold a meeting to let the new people get to know you and let you get to know them. Moreover, we have also been doing this in the past few months. We are almost done, the sect is on the right track, and we must report to the sect leader."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, let's have a while and invite the sect leader here. Now that our Blood Killing Sect is more powerful, we must also report to the sect." Chang Jun responded. , immediately went to send Tonghe, but Wen Wenhai directly sent a letter to Zhao Hai.

Not long after, all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect arrived in the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect, and Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun also arrived. All the elders who came to the hall, as soon as they saw Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun, immediately He greeted the two of them, especially Wen Wenhai, who kept saying hello to Wen Wenhai.

Wen Wenhai returned the favor with a smile and greeted these people. After Jiu Ling and the others arrived at the main hall, Chang Jun introduced Jiu Ling and the others to Wen Wenhai. Wen Wenhai also greeted them and met each other. After the ceremony, Old Jiuling and the others sat down at their seats.

After everyone arrived, a figure slowly walked into the hall from outside the door. As soon as this person entered the hall, everyone immediately saluted him and said loudly: "I have met the sect master." Come on. The person in charge was naturally Zhao Hai, who just waved his hands at them and then sat on the main seat.

After Zhao Hai sat down, the people below sat down. Then Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Wen Hai and the others have left seclusion. Elder Jiuling, you have also met Elder Wen. From now on, you will We must work together to contribute to the Blood Killing Sect." Elder Jiu Ling and Wen Wenhai both stood up, responded in unison, and then sat down.

Zhao Hai then said to everyone: "Today's meeting is held by Wen Hai and Chang Jun. It just so happens that I also have something to tell you. The first thing is, the candidates who will enter the time acceleration zone for training this time. Already there are, including Sun Buyu, Jiang Shenglin, Tang Yingyi and Chen Chu. The list of other people who can enter will be sent out soon, so those who can go to the time acceleration area to practice will also be notified separately. Everyone just waits for the notification.”

Everyone agreed. Old Jiu Ling and the others now also know where the Time Acceleration Zone is. To be honest, they are still very envious. Being able to go there to practice is the desire of almost all Blood Killing Sect members, but they also know , they had just joined the Blood Killing Sect and were not yet qualified to enter the time acceleration area to practice, so they didn't have too many ideas.

Zhao Hai glanced at Old Jiu Ling and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "All the elders of the Sea Clan, among those who have entered the time acceleration area to practice this time, there are not you. Some of you are because you are not strong enough. There are Some of them are because you have just joined the Blood Killing Sect, and your skills have just been modified not long ago. At this stage, you are not suitable to enter the time acceleration area to practice, so this time without you, if you are serious Practice, then the next time you enter the time acceleration area to practice, you will be there."

Jiuling Lao and the others were overjoyed. They all stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hands and they sat down. Then Zhao Hai looked at him and said, "Okay, this matter is over. Let's Let’s talk about another thing. Now the number of disciples of our Blood Killing Sect has exceeded 15 million. With so many people, it is not easy to manage them well, so I plan to form a core group of elders, called the cabinet, who will handle the affairs of the sect in a unified manner. This cabinet will be led by Wen Wenhai, and its members include Chang Jun, Zhu Yong, Elder Zhen, Elder Jiusuan, and Elder Jiuling. , Chen Li, Cang Ming, Ding Chunming, Hu Changfeng, Gu Yuanzheng, Yao Jianhao, Wen Yuming, Shi Jin, Fa Jing, Bai Yan, Hu Wei, Gongsun Yulong, Elder Dark Moon, starting from today, you will formally form a cabinet. The entire Blood Killing Sect has been managed.”

"In addition to these cabinet members, there are also alternate members, including Sun Buyu, Wulong, Jiang Shenglin, Jiang Yingyi, Chen Chu, Yama Wangling, Bafang, Bazou, Tu Ying, Wang Erzhuo, Sha Sitian, Jianlin, Zhang Hongliang, Sheng Si, Jia Qing, Cheng Wanchun, Xu Gang, the proprietress, Long Ying, although you are alternate members, you can also participate in cabinet meetings."

All the people named by Zhao Hai stood up. Whether they were cabinet members or alternate members, they all knew very well that their status in the Blood Killing Sect would definitely be very high in the future. The other core elders are much higher.

Then Zhao Hai waved his hand and then said: "Sun Buyu, you can only officially join the cabinet after you come out of the time acceleration zone. If the cabinet members really don't want to manage the sect's affairs, they can report it. If If you go into seclusion, you also need to report it, and the logistics department is still in charge of Laura and the others, and it is directly under my control. The same goes for your cabinet, but I hope you can fully take responsibility and don't push everything away. Give it to me, do you understand?"

The cabinet members all agreed. They also understood what Zhao Hai meant. From now on, the Blood Murder Sect would be under the control of the cabinet. It seemed that Zhao Hai really didn't want to take care of the cabinet affairs anymore. Although they were a little uneasy, But he still agreed.