c7690 call

After thinking for a while, Zhao Hai then said: "Master, do you know there are fewer people there? I don't want to go to the river and squeeze in with those people. After all, these are extraordinary times. If we are really crowded, If you go to the front and bump into those soldiers, you might be arrested."

"Hahaha, buddy, you are really right. Things are different now than usual. Those soldiers will not be polite to you now. Moreover, the country has regulations and you are not allowed to wander around places with mutant beasts. , let alone collide with those soldiers, otherwise they will be directly arrested for disturbing the peace and imprisoned for half a month. A few days ago, I was an idiot. At this time, I dared to provoke those soldiers. Not only did he rush into those soldiers, but he even dared to curse them when they were pushed back, so he was immediately arrested." The driver seemed to get excited all of a sudden, his eyes shining brightly as he said.

Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but rolled his eyes. These drivers might be in the car every day, so they were very boring. Most of them liked chatting, especially in a small town like the one he was in. The quality of these drivers was not good. Gao, that's why he had such a reaction, so he didn't say anything to the driver who was so chatty. He just reminded: "Sifu, do you know there are few people in the river section there? I really want to go there. Look, it’s best to be somewhere where there are no soldiers on the side.”

The driver smiled and said: "Brother, what time is it now? How can there be no soldiers anywhere? In order to prevent those mutated beasts from coming up to hurt people, there is a soldier every few dozen meters on both sides of the river. You It's impossible to find a place without people, but buddy, if you believe me, just watch the excitement by the river. Those mutated beasts are very powerful. I heard that those who serve as soldiers have to use guns. Only those who can deal with it can handle it. For people like us, we were sure to finish the game in the past, so I can’t let it go.”

Zhao Hai was speechless for a while, but he couldn't say clearly that those mutated beasts would not hurt him. If he really dared to say that, he would be arrested immediately, so he thought about it and took it out directly He picked up his cell phone and said to the driver: "Master, if you really know a place like that, you must take me to see it. To tell you the truth, I am an anchor, and I just want to take pictures of those mutant beasts. If it is true, If I can take pictures of mutant beasts, I will be very popular." As he said this, he pretended to be very excited.

When the driver heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he glanced at Zhao Hai, and then he nodded and said: "It turns out he is an anchor. That's no wonder. Don't tell me, I really know such a person." In the past, in the factory area in the south of the city, there was a small river that led directly to the big river. Later, the factories were all gone, but the factory buildings were still there, and the small river was also there, but the small river was very small, and it was also affected by the factory. The wastewater discharged from there is polluted, so few people pay attention to it. I believe there will be no one there. Do you want to go and have a look?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while and then said: "Okay, let's go there and have a look, please." The driver said it was okay and drove directly, and then Zhao Hai drove straight to the south of the city. Zhao Hai rarely goes to the south of the city. It used to be the liveliest place in the city. Before the opening up, it was the location of some large state-owned factories. At that time, the employees of the large state-owned factories were all extremely arrogant. , and they were also a group of people with relatively high incomes, so it was very lively there at that time.

But after the opening up, the large state-owned factories gradually failed. In the end, they simply went out of business. Employees were laid off and everyone moved away. What was left were some dilapidated factories. No one went there for many years, maybe only a few. Only wild cats and dogs call it home. People rarely go there. It has almost become a ghost town.

However, although it was abandoned, some of the roads left over from those days were still open to traffic without force. The driver pulled Zhao Hai and walked around to the factory area. As soon as he entered the factory area, the surrounding area became quiet. When we got down, we couldn't see a single car around. They were all dilapidated factories and some small bungalows where people used to live. No one could be seen. It was extremely quiet. In such an environment, it would make people unconscious. When I get nervous, I always feel butterflies in my heart, and I always unconsciously wonder if there is something in those factories that will suddenly come out.

After a while, the driver led Zhao Hai to the outside of a factory and stopped the car. Then he pointed to a road next to the factory and said to Zhao Hai: "Go inward from this road. It's less than two miles away." We have arrived at the river. There is no car on this road, so I can only take you here." Zhao Hai thanked him, paid the fare, and got out of the car. After the driver drove away, Zhao Hai turned his head and looked around, took a deep breath, and then slowly walked towards that road.

Two miles is not very far. Zhao Hai walked quickly for only more than ten minutes when he saw the small river that the driver mentioned. It was really a small river. The width of the river was only about ten meters. Now there are also There wasn't much water, just some green water, which was flowing feebly and emitting a foul smell.

Zhao Hai looked around, and sure enough, there was no one, no one, no matter whether it was a soldier or an ordinary citizen, there was no one. This place seemed like a forgotten place. When he saw this place, Zhao Hai He couldn't help but sigh lightly. He was really doubting whether his choice was correct. In a place full of stench like this, would those mutated beasts appear here? If he couldn't see the mutated beast here, then not only would his trip have been in vain, but getting back would also be a big problem. This place had long been abandoned, and it was not easy to get a taxi.

When he thought of this, he couldn't help but sigh, and then he suddenly thought of the voice, and he immediately said: "Can I see those mutated beasts here?" Zhao Hai decided to ask the voice, he was here Can he see those mutated beasts? If not, he should go back as soon as possible to avoid waiting here.

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice replied. Upon hearing this voice, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned, but at the same time, his spirit was shocked. Then he immediately said: "Can? That's great. Then can I take the initiative to call out those mutated beasts? Didn't you say they are my servants? Then I should have a way to call them out? By shouting?" Zhao Hai suddenly thought of him If I had asked about that voice before, I immediately spoke.

"No, Master, wake up." The voice said once, but gave a negative answer, which made Zhao Hai frown, and then he said: "Can I take the initiative to call you? Those mutated beasts." He found that he had asked too many questions before, and the voice only gave one answer, so he had to ask again.

The voice came immediately: "Yes, Master, wake up." As soon as he heard this answer and thought of the previous answer, he immediately said: "In other words, I can take the initiative to call those mutated beasts. , but it definitely won’t work by shouting, so what can I do? Do you have the mental power?”

"Yes, Master, wake up." The voice answered immediately, which made Zhao Hai happy again, because the other party finally gave him the answer. He thought for a while, and then said: "How do I use mental power?" Use?" He didn't know how to use mental power at all now, so he had to ask this question. Although he also knew that it was difficult to get a satisfactory answer to this question, as long as there was an answer, it was better than nothing.

"Concentrate, master, wake up." The voice gave the answer once. Although there were only two words, when he heard these two words, Zhao Hai's spirit was shocked, and his eyes couldn't help but light up, because he Suddenly I felt that these two words seemed to be very useful. Although there were only two words, they told how to use mental power.

Concentrate, concentrate on what? It's nothing more than concentrating. For example, if he wants to summon those mutant beasts, he just needs to concentrate and keep thinking about the mutant beasts, and it should be fine. Of course, this was only Zhao Hai's own understanding. He didn't know yet whether this was the case, but he still asked his guess, and this time, he got a positive answer.

After getting the affirmative answer, Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief. Then he looked around and found an abandoned small bridge not far away. It was a small bridge made of concrete. It looked very strong. Zhao Hai Hai walked quickly to the small bridge, and then looked at the bridge. Because no one had walked for a long time, it had been washed away by the rain. He directly found a place to sit down, and then he slowly He slowly closed his eyes, thinking about the mutant beasts in his head, and thinking about letting the mutant beasts come to him.

Writing for a long time makes it easy for him to concentrate mentally, and his patience is also very good. People who are not patient will not be able to do their job at all, so his patience is very good now. He is careful. Sitting there, I concentrated all my mental energy.

After concentrating his mental power, Zhao Hai felt that some changes had indeed taken place in him. He felt as if he had entered a state of spiritual clarity. He could even feel the water in the river under the bridge. , was flowing continuously, and when the river was flowing, he actually felt very comfortable. Unknowingly, he was so intoxicated with this feeling that he had forgotten about calling the mutant beast. .

I don't know how long it took, Zhao Hai suddenly heard a rustling sound. The sound was very soft, but it still reached his ears clearly. He suddenly opened his eyes. This time he opened his eyes. , he immediately discovered that a lot of strange fish had gathered around him.

The reason why these things are strange fish is because these things have fish-like heads and four legs under their bodies. Now they are opening their mouths, showing their fangs, but they don't have them. Attacking Zhao Hai, but even so, it frightened Zhao Hai into a cold sweat. He looked at these strange fish blankly and didn't know what to do for a while. He had never encountered it before. Having seen something like this before, it made his hair stand on end for a moment, but he didn't dare to move.