c7697 Monster clan

Zhao Hai also saw their expressions. He couldn't help being slightly stunned. He immediately understood that he had indeed ignored the feelings of these people. However, he did not say anything, but just smiled slightly. Then he said: "Are you ready?" He doesn't need to say anything or apologize, because there is no need. He is the sect leader, and these people are the ones who protect him. If he apologizes to them, he will look angry. It’s enough, so there’s no need for that at all.

Several people immediately said: "Yes, ready." They were really excited, so they all stood upright. Among the four of them, Ding Chunming, Sheng Si, and Cheng Wanchun, there were usually There are some things to do, but Gouzi's brain has never been very good. He can't do anything well if you ask him to do it. But he is very talented in practice, so he just practices when he has nothing to do. Practice, practice by yourself, practice in the real illusion, practice with Sheng Si and the others, his life is only practice, and in his life, there is only practice, besides practice, that is to follow Zhao Hai , Protect Zhao Hai, this is the only thing that he can remember in his small brain, so he can be said to be the most pitiful one among the few people, and now he is also the happiest one.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, let's set off. Let's go see who those monks are. Let's go." After saying that, he moved and left the radar ship. Wen Wenhai and the others also followed. A few people arrived outside and met some disciples standing outside. These people were all masters of the Blood Killing Sect, but there were not many of them, only a hundred people. Then the group of people flew directly to the world of heaven and humanity. .

They didn't think about using the teleportation array directly. Firstly, they were not very far away from the temple and they could get there quickly by flying there. Secondly, they didn't want those people to go so fast. They knew that they could already use the teleportation array and teleport directly there, so they decided to fly over.

They were all experts, and their speed was naturally very fast. Soon they could see the temple, and at the same time they also saw the monks standing on the square in front of the temple. Each of those monks had serious faces. Standing there, the strong old monk in the lead would still wave the Zen staff in his hand from time to time, making bursts of tiger roars.

Zhao Hai did not let the team stop. The group flew straight towards the monks and soon arrived in front of the monks. Then they slowly fell from the sky and stopped about ten meters in front of the monks. Then Zhao Hai looked at the monks, and the monks also looked at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai glanced at the leading old monk. The old monk was very tall and strong. He was wearing a monk's robe and a cassock. He was holding a Zen staff in his hand and his eyes were wide open. With a solemn look on his face, he was standing there calmly, but although his face looked very calm, he had a calm and confident temperament, which made Zhao Hai even more curious. .

He glanced at the old monk, and then said: "This master has invited Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, to be polite. I don't know that the master mobilized a large number of people and gathered all the monks here with weapons. What's the point of this? ?”

The old monk glanced at Zhao Hai, then he snorted coldly, and then said in a deep voice: "What the donor said makes no sense. We, the Southern Tiger Temple, are ordered by Emperor Shitian to guard here to prevent The evil spirits from the lower realm have invaded my world of heaven and humans, and you people came from the lower realm through that space passage, so naturally we have to block it here."

When Zhao Hai heard what the other party said, his eyes lit up. He glanced at the other party, and then said in a deep voice: "What the master said makes sense, but it also makes no sense. Everything that comes from the lower world is Demons? Master, do you think we are demons?" Zhao Hai was really surprised when he heard the other party's words. They did not expect that the other party actually knew that it was called a space channel, and also knew that there might be people from the lower world who would come from it. Coming up from the space channel, this is really surprising.

The most important thing is that he also mentioned a name, Di Shitian. According to Buddhist legend, Di Shitian is the leader of the Department of Heaven and Humanity, but these people can call Di Shitian's name. This in itself has made Zhao Hai was very surprised, so when he heard what he said, Zhao Hai was naturally even more surprised. He wanted to know more about the situation from the other party, so he said this, just to see what the other party would do. answer his words.

When the old monk heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile coldly, and then said in a deep voice: "Look at the people behind the donor, they all have murderous auras on their bodies, and they have the blood of countless people on their hands, and they dare to say that they are not evil spirits. , judging from your appearance, you are not evil, but you are better than evil."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he was stunned at first, and then burst out laughing. Then he looked at the old monk and said, "Master, what you said is a bit too much. People in Buddhism also have King Kong's angry eyes. We all People, all those who kill are evil people, even among Buddhists, they are also Vajra protectors, so how can they be called evil spirits?"

"Only those who have received the true teachings of Buddhism and eliminated the murderous and violent energy from their bodies can be called Vajra Protectors. Although there is talk of Vajra's wrathful eyes, the Vajra's wrathful eyes only subdue the four demons and do not cause any more killings. Yet, one of you is on the throne. The murderous intent is soaring, and the bloody atmosphere is permeating, how can it be compared with my Buddhist protector." The old monk was not angry at all, but looked at Zhao Hai calmly, and said the above words at the same time.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile. Then he looked at the old monk and said, "I heard from the master that your place is the Southern Tiger Temple. So, there will be a Northern Tiger Temple. The Tiger Temple was here before." The sound of howling is endless. If I guessed correctly, there should be four temples here, right? They are east, south, west, and north, and they are all named after Tiger Lord. I don’t know why this is the case. "

The old monk said solemnly: "Yes, the donor is right. There are indeed four temples here, and they are in the four directions of east, south, west and north. They are all named after Tiger Lord. The old monk is Southern Tiger. Master of the temple and benefactor, you should please go back. His basin is originally a forbidden area in our heaven and human world. No one is allowed to enter. It is precisely because of this that we did not attack you when you appeared there. But now that you have left that basin, we have the responsibility to defend the territory, so please retreat to avoid a fatal disaster."

When Zhao Hai heard what the old monk said, he couldn't help laughing, and then he said: "It's really interesting. You actually think of yourself as a monk. If I'm not mistaken, you are basically a monk." There is only a tiger demon, and the monks behind him are all demons, none of them are real humans. You demons are now turning around and calling us evil demons. How is this?"

Zhao Hai had actually seen it for a long time. Those old monks were actually tiger monsters, and the monks behind him were all monsters. How could Zhao Hai not be surprised? What surprised him even more was that this tiger monster He actually regarded himself as a monk, and what he said was exactly the same as what a monk said. This made Zhao Hai even more curious, so Zhao Hai prepared to stimulate him to see what he would do. What a reaction.

The old monk was not angry at all. Although some of the monks behind him had angry looks on their faces, no one dared to move or talk nonsense. This made Zhao Hai admire them a little, and then Seeing the old monk, he bowed to Zhao Hai and said: "What the donor said makes no sense. Buddhism is to save all living beings. Although we are demons, we are also members of all living beings. We have truly converted to Buddhism. Naturally You can become a monk, what’s so funny about that?”

When Zhao Hai heard what the old monk said, a hint of shock appeared on his face. Then he looked at the old monk and said in a deep voice: "What the master said makes sense. Although the master is a monster, the Dharma But it's profound, Zhao Hai admires it, Zhao Hai really doesn't want to kill evil people too many times, we came from the lower world, actually we also came to kill demons. We met the strongest evil demon in the lower world, and we chased him all the way. When I got here, I naturally thought that you, Master, are also demons, so I apologize for being disrespectful just now. Master, we would like to ask to see Lord Shakti, but I don’t know if we can introduce him to him. As long as we meet Lord Shakti, we will speak If you explain everything clearly, the misunderstanding will naturally be resolved, and you and I can avoid fighting. I wonder what Master wants?"

Zhao Hai could tell from the old monk's words that this old monk was really a member of Buddhism. What Buddhism emphasizes is to save all sentient beings. What the old monk said was not wrong at all. In fact, Buddhism There are many protectors in the temple, and strictly speaking, they are all demons, so it is really not surprising that this old monk became the abbot of a temple as a demon.

When the old monk heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he couldn't help but frown, and then said: "Donor, you said you came from the lower world to chase evil spirits all the way, but is there any evidence?" The old monk saw this. Zhao Hai was so polite and didn't mean to be strong, so he hesitated a little. After all, he also saw that Zhao Hai was very powerful and definitely difficult to deal with, so he was very polite to Zhao Hai.

When Zhao Hai heard what the old monk said, he couldn't help but sigh and said: "There is really no evidence. The evil demon we are chasing can be said to be invisible, but he can directly affect other people. We are We chased them all the way, and as for the evidence, as long as the evil spirit is eliminated, it will turn into a plume of black smoke and disappear without a trace. Even if we want to produce evidence, it is impossible to have it."

When the old monk heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his face couldn't help but change, and then he said: "You can say that the evil demon can turn into black smoke and disappear, which is enough to prove that he has indeed seen that evil spirit." Evil demons, here in the world of gods and humans, we have also entered such an evil demon before, and were later repelled by Lord Shakti himself. Although they were repelled, the basin appeared, and there was no grass growing in the basin, so what you said , I actually believe it a little bit.”