c7692 Strong

Zhao Haike had not completely recovered his memory, so he didn't quite understand what the voice was saying, but the voice said that he was a god here, so naturally there was nothing to be afraid of. He looked He glanced around and said in a deep voice: "Will someone come here to deal with me? If that's the case, that would be even better. I'm worried about how to deal with those guys, so let them do it."

"Master, you must be careful. Although you are a god in the dream, they are the ones who made you fall into the dream. I am worried that they will deal with you with all their strength, so you must strengthen your confidence. You must believe Believe that you are a god." The voice came again.

When Zhao Hai heard what the voice said, he couldn't help but be slightly startled. Then he couldn't help but smile, and then he said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, I'm the best at this." What he said was correct. In fact, It has something to do with the nature of his work. An Internet writer must have a very rich imagination, and an Internet writer, whether he is a master or a street writer, as long as he is If they really put their attention on their own body, then over time, they will definitely suffer from mild neurasthenia. The specific manifestation is that they will often dream, and sometimes, they will also know that they are Dreaming, but they are unwilling to wake up. Sometimes, they will even use their own ideas to change the structure of their dreams. This is actually a manifestation of light sleep, but it is the case for almost all writers, A common problem.

It is precisely because of this that he is actually no stranger to how to control his dreams. Although he usually controls his dreams, he just goes with the flow, because he knows that he is dreaming, and he also knows that if he messes up, , then he will wake up, but if he controls the dream, then he will see a good story, so he will not control his dream too much.

But the current situation is different. Now he just wants to control his dreams. Wouldn't it be better if he wakes up because it affects his dreams? What he has to do now is to wake up completely. He really wants to know what his identity is now, which makes him very curious.

Zhao Hai glanced around and saw that this was an abandoned factory area. Although he had just driven away the policemen, if the other party really wanted to deal with him, the enemy would soon arrive. What will the coming enemy look like? Will it be some magicians? Or will they use aircraft and cannons against themselves? Anyway, they are here to deal with themselves, so it is really possible that they will use any method, and in the end, they may even use missiles.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but ponder for a moment. It was impossible for him to leave the ground now, and it was impossible to leave here. He had already contacted the iron ball in the sky. The iron ball would definitely fall to him. When that happens, When the iron ball falls, he may wake up, so he has to wait here. If the opponent really uses missiles to deal with him, it will really be a trouble.

But now he had an idea. Then he waved his hand and saw countless pieces of steel flying out from those factories. If there is any difference between modern society and the past, it is The amount of steel is really too much. Various things are made of countless metals, and Zhao Hai is now desperately imagining himself as Magneto, taking out all these metals and using them.

Countless metals flew up and fell around him. The metals slowly merged together and turned into a metal defense shield. However, Zhao Hai still felt that it was not very safe. He immediately controlled the surrounding ground, and then he slowly sank into the ground, going several hundred meters underground, and then established a space there, where he sat directly.

Then he waved his hand, and a light source appeared above this space. Zhao Hai looked at this space, which was not very big, and was similar to the room he lived in. He couldn't help but smile, he really felt, This feeling of being like a god is really great.

At this time, Zhao Hai's original location also changed dramatically. Countless soldiers appeared near the metal shield built by Zhao Hai, and then they began to attack the metal desperately. The shield began to attack, and various weapons kept attacking the metal shield.

But that metal shield is too thick, and it is not just a simple metal shield. There is also concrete protection outside the metal shield. Ordinary weapons are of no use against these things. Soon the soldiers seemed a little anxious, and then they saw many tanks arriving nearby and began to attack the shield. At the same time, helicopters also arrived, and even fighter jets appeared.

Zhao Hai is now staring at a projection in front of him, which he made himself. This allows him to see what is happening outside. When he sees what is happening outside, Zhao Hai can't help but reveal a sneer on his face. He murmured: "Sure enough, I was prepared. If I hadn't woken up quickly, I would have been killed by these guys now."

At this time, a roar came. Zhao Hai turned around and found a strange fish staying next to him. Although he had not recovered his memory, Zhao Hai was not at all worried about these strange fish. No longer afraid, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "That's right, why didn't you integrate into my body? By the way, you can walk freely in the soil, go and attack those people, don't let them The offense went so smoothly.”

Following Zhao Hai's order, the strange fish roared, then got directly into the wall of the room and disappeared. Zhao Hai turned his attention to the screen in front of him. After a while, I saw that the soldiers on the screen were suddenly attacked by mutant beasts. These mutant beasts came out of the ground and kept biting at the soldiers. Moreover, they were really very cunning, and they could also be free. Walking through the land, they only attack those people once, and then immediately retreat into the soil, so that other people cannot attack him, and their bodies are still poisonous. As long as they are bitten by them, Or if it is attacked, no matter where it is injured, it will not take long before it loses its combat effectiveness.

What's even more terrifying is that those strange fish can actually eat steel, and they can eat those tanks and artillery one by one. After eating those tanks, their defense will be strengthened, and after eating those people, They will become smarter. Zhao Hai was extremely surprised when he saw such a scene.

He really couldn't figure out what kind of monsters these things were and why they had such strong abilities. At the same time, this also made him excited. He could now be more sure that his true identity must be A big shot, an extremely powerful figure, and such a ferocious monster are just his servants, so how powerful must he be? This made Zhao Hai look forward to it even more.

But at this moment, a loud noise came, and Zhao Hai immediately turned his attention to the screen. Then he saw a fighter plane flying directly over his head, and then several black Point, it fell directly on the metal shield, and the metal shield was exploded directly.

Then there were countless fighter planes. Facing the bombardment of the shield, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly when looking at the appearance of those fighter planes, and then murmured: "Using my dream, you can use this level. No matter what kind of force it is, it seems that it is not very safe here."

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately let the space he was in sink to the ground. At the same time, countless rock people appeared above his room, completely protecting his room. Zhao Hai was very It was clear that he had to wait until the metal ball fell.

When he thought of the metal ball, Zhao Hai immediately thought of a question. If he encountered an attack here, then whether the metal ball also encountered an attack. He immediately closed his eyes, and then released his mental power. , and began to communicate with the metal ball.

After contacting the metal ball, he found that the metal ball was indeed being attacked. Now the metal ball had turned into five metal balls, and it was still changing its position in the air, giving way to attacks again and again. All those attacking him were missiles one by one, but those missiles were not as fast as those iron balls, and they were all dodged by those iron balls.

Zhao Hai sat here with a solemn expression, but at this moment, he suddenly felt a vibration in the place where he was. He immediately opened his eyes, glanced at the screen, and found that countless numbers appeared on the screen. These fighter planes fell directly from the sky at an almost vertical angle. Very close to the ground, they dropped the missiles they carried on the fuselage and directly blew up a hole on the ground. Big hole.

This big hole is very deep. Zhao Hai estimated that this big hole is probably about 100 meters deep. This made Zhao Hai a little surprised. Then he murmured: "How did these guys come up with such a method? Using an airplane I have never thought of this method before to increase the dive force of the missile and increase the impact of the missile. Moreover, the power of this missile is really great, amazing, really amazing.

Just when he was thinking about this, the second attack came again, but while the plane was still making a dive, he saw a black shadow suddenly emerge from the ground. This black shadow shot into the sky. Like a cannonball, it hit the plane. The plane never expected to encounter such an attack. It was directly hit by the black shadow and heard a loud bang. The plane disintegrated in the air and turned into a fireball, and the missile naturally fell somewhere else. This attack was unsuccessful, but Zhao Hai could clearly see that it hit the What was on the plane was a strange fish.