c7698 Emperor Shaktian

When Zhao Hai heard what the old monk said, he was stunned, but then he was overjoyed. He immediately said: "Is what the master said true? If it is really like that, that is really great, then The evil spirits are extremely powerful and difficult to deal with. If you, Master, really repel them, then there will really be no reason for us to conflict with you, Master."

The old monk looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Back then, we in the heaven and human world paid a huge price to repel the evil demon. Then we set up the reincarnation formation in the space passage, but I didn't expect that I would still be killed by you. It’s broken. We have reported this matter to Your Majesty. Your Majesty also knows that you have arrived. However, he has not yet sent the decree. We don’t know how to deal with it, so we ask you to wait until your Majesty’s arrival. What will you say after the decree comes down?"

When Zhao Hai heard what the old monk said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do this. We can wait for three days, Master. After three days, I hope that Master can give us An answer, farewell." After saying that, Zhao Hai saluted the old monk, turned around and left.

Ding Chunming and the others also followed Zhao Hai and left. As they walked back, Zhao Hai ordered Wen Wenhai and Bai Yan: "Order the army to stop attacking. We will wait for them for three days and see how they respond after three days. Then we're making a decision." Wen Wenhai and the others all responded, and then immediately went to give the order.

After Zhao Hai led Ding Chunming and the others back to the radar ship, he immediately asked Ding Chunming and the others to retreat, but he said to Wen Wenhai: "Wen Hai, while you wait here for three days, although you cannot attack, But don’t forget about defense. You must not let down your guard. Considering that they are Buddhist disciples, we will wait for them for three days. After three days, if they still don’t have any reply, then there is no need to worry about them. Okay, just attack directly, no one can stop the advancement of our Blood Killing Sect."

Wen Wenhai and Bai Yan both responded. They all understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai just nodded at them, and then left the radar ship and returned to his room in three days. , they are still waiting to get up, it depends on how those guys behave. If they go too far, Zhao Hai will not be polite.

When the old monk saw Zhao Hai and the others leaving, he let out a sigh of relief. To be honest, when facing Zhao Hai and the others, although he acted very calmly, he was actually under great pressure because Zhao Hai and the others The strength of those people was stronger than the last. Facing such a powerful enemy, he really felt tremendous pressure.

Now that Zhao Hai has left, the old monk can finally breathe a sigh of relief. Then he immediately said: "All disciples, return to the temple and be on guard." All the disciples responded, and then slowly After returning to the temple, some disciples began to guard everywhere in the temple.

After the old monk returned to the temple, he immediately came to a Zen room. In this Zen room, there was a magic circle. The old monk first wrote a note, then entered the magic circle, and then activated it. After entering the magic circle, the note disappeared. Then the old monk adjusted the magic circle again, then wrote another note, and teleported the array out. Then he adjusted the magic circle again, and teleported out again. A note, and after four notes were passed out in succession, he stopped, adjusted the magic circle to its original position, and then sat in the Zen room, reciting the scriptures softly. .

After a while, the light flashed on the magic circle, and a piece of paper appeared on it. The old monk picked up the piece of paper and took a look at it, but was slightly stunned. Then he couldn't help but whispered the Buddha's name, and then closed his eyes and remained silent. , not long after, I heard the voice of a disciple in the door: "Report, host, the host of the Eastern Huzun Temple, the host of the Western Huzun Temple, the host of the Northern Huzun Temple, came to the temple at the same time, and are now in the main hall. Wait there.”

The old monk responded, stood up, opened the door of the Zen room, and followed the disciple towards the main hall. Not long after, he had arrived in the main hall. In the main hall, there were several monks standing. The three leaders were also three old monks. They were all very tall and their faces were somewhat similar to this old monk. After the four people met, they immediately bowed to each other, and then a monk He opened his mouth and said to the old monk: "President Hu'an, I don't know why you summoned us at this time. But for the sake of those people who appear in the forbidden area?"

The old monk's name was Hu'an. As soon as he heard the monk's words, he immediately nodded and said: "Yes, it is for those people who appeared in the forbidden area that I have reported this matter to your venerable sir. I have already received a reply from you, and the Venerable will come in person tomorrow, so there is no need to worry."

Upon hearing what he said, the other three hosts were all stunned, but then they all breathed a sigh of relief. Then a monk said: "President Hu An, is it really necessary to alarm the Venerable about this matter? I heard that you are today Have you had some contact with those people? Who are those people?"

Hu An said: "Those people claim to be members of the Blood Killing Sect, and they have been chasing evil demons from the lower world. I have also asked them that the evil demons in their mouths should be the same as the evil demons that have invaded our heaven and human world before. The gang is powerful and cannot be underestimated. The people I met today are all masters who are no weaker than the old monk. If they really want to attack with all their strength, then we really won’t be able to deal with them."

Hearing what he said, the other three hosts were all stunned, and then their faces couldn't help but change. They really didn't expect that the enemy who came this time would be so powerful. One of the hosts immediately He said, "How many people have come today?"

"No less than a hundred people." Hu An understood what the other party meant. He said that everyone who came today was weaker than him. So knowing how many people came, he knew how many masters the other party had who were not weaker than him. He also He didn't hide it, he said it directly, and it was also to let them know better and not to fight with each other easily, which was very dangerous.

As soon as Hu An said this, the faces of the abbots became even more ugly. In their temples, the strongest people were the four of them. Although the remaining disciples were large in number, they were definitely not strong. Go there, and now more than a hundred people with similar strength to them appear on the other side, which makes them look bad.

Hu An looked at the few people and said in a deep voice: "Your Majesty also heard about their strength, and also heard that they came to hunt down those evil spirits, so they were coming over soon. There is no need to worry, the Venerable will arrive tomorrow. It will be up to the Venerable to decide what to do then. Moreover, we don’t know yet whether they are evil spirits or are they really chasing evil spirits. We are just listening to his one-sided words. That’s all, it’s not enough to fully believe it.”

When those people heard what he said, they were slightly startled at first, and then they all nodded. Hu An was right. The identity of the other party has not yet been determined. They said they came to hunt down evil spirits, but in the end they were The evil spirits are really coming after them. It’s really hard to say. They really have no way to decide now, so this matter should be left to the Venerable to decide.

When Hu An saw that these people had no intention of talking, he immediately said to them: "Guys, rest here for one night. Tomorrow we will go to see the Venerable and listen to His Majesty's decree." Then. Naturally, the few people would not object. They all chanted Buddha's name, thanked Hu An, and then went to rest under the leadership of the young novice monk.

Early the next morning, all the hosts got up and sat down in the main hall, waiting for the arrival of His Holiness. They didn't have to wait too long to enter the room. After a while, they heard a sound of elephants chirping, and several people He immediately got up and walked outside the main hall. As soon as he arrived outside the main hall, he saw a giant elephant flying from a distance. This giant elephant was covered in snow-white and looked very beautiful. On the back of the giant elephant, it was standing right there. There was a man sitting. This man was tall and strong. He was holding a huge vajra stalk. He had a solemn appearance and his eyes were half-closed, which was intimidating.

As soon as they saw this person, Hu An and the others put their hands together in salute, chanted the Buddha's name, and loudly said at the same time: "I have seen the venerable one." They did not salute. In Buddhism, although etiquette is also taught, The etiquette and laws are not very strict. Unless you want to ask for Buddhist teachings or accept the inheritance of the mantle, otherwise, under normal circumstances, there is no need to perform a big salute.

The man riding the white elephant was naturally Emperor Shitian. He opened his slightly closed eyes, glanced around, and then said: "Hu'an, Hujing, Huxiang, Huhe, the four of you, get up. Well, I already know what Hu An said yesterday. The four of you come with me. Let's go and see who comes from the lower world this time." All four people responded, and then Immediately, disciples presented four Zen staffs. The four of them, each holding a tiger-headed Zen staff, followed Emperor Shitian and flew towards the basin.

The group of people quickly arrived at the outer edge of the basin, and when they arrived at the edge of the basin, Zhao Hai was already waiting for them. Ding Chunming and the others followed Zhao Hai. This time, even Wen Wenhai and the others came. , everyone looked at Emperor Shitian and his companions who were slowly approaching from a distance with serious faces.

When he saw Di Shitian and the others, Zhao Hai couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face. Although Di Shitian also had a trace of demonic aura on his body, there was indeed no trace of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws on his body. This made him very happy. It meant that Emperor Shitian and the others were not controlled by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. This was definitely good news for them.

Emperor Shitian also saw Zhao Hai and the others. When he saw Zhao Hai and the others, he couldn't help but frown slightly, because he found that Zhao Hai and the others all carried a very strong murderous aura, which made him very uncomfortable. He was happy, but after getting closer to Zhao Hai and the others, he became strange, because he found that although Zhao Hai and the others carried a very strong murderous aura, there was actually a trace of Buddha's light in their murderous aura. He couldn't help but feel curious.