c7694 Prepare

Laura and the others are actually very worried these days. Although through telepathy, they know that Zhao Hai is fine, they are still very worried about Zhao Hai's situation. They are afraid that something will happen to Zhao Hai, even if it is nothing. , if Zhao Hai has no way to contact them, then the Blood Killing Sect will have problems sooner or later. Now they just hope that Zhao Hai can wake up soon.

It has been seven days since they lost contact with Zhao Hai. They don't know when Zhao Hai will contact them, but through telepathy, they can feel that Zhao Hai seems to be asleep, but If Zhao Hai has been sleeping like this, it is not a problem. Now the people of the Blood Killing Sect don't know Zhao Hai's situation. If they know Zhao Hai's situation, it will definitely cause a big uproar. Who knows when the time comes, Wen Wen Hai and the others can still control the situation.

Now several people have no interest in talking. Although they have confidence in Zhao Hai, the feeling of waiting is not good. Fortunately, after so many years of wandering with Zhao Hai in the world of cultivation, their psychological endurance has also been very high. They have become stronger, so apart from not speaking, they don't do anything special.

However, their control over the Blood Killing Sect has become even stricter now, but no one knows about it. Now several people will find something to keep themselves busy, because they know very well that if they can't keep themselves busy If they do, they will always think about Zhao Hai, which will drive them crazy.

At this time, they suddenly stood up almost at the same time, with ecstatic expressions on their faces. There was a strong telepathy between them and Zhao Hai, so the moment Zhao Hai woke up, they felt it immediately, but they At the same time, they also knew that Zhao Hai must be doing his own thing and they could not disturb him, so they did not contact Zhao Hai immediately. They knew that as long as Zhao Hai woke up, he would contact them sooner or later. There was no need to disturb Zhao Hai now. .

However, Laura and the others still gathered together, and then directly turned on the screen in the villa. Then they saw Zhao Hai creating the magic circle, and the aliens and puppet disciples all woke up. Finally, they also saw , Zhao Hai's eyes were fixed on the appearance of those magical weapons. Then Zhao Hai took a long breath and put down the magical weapons. Then he moved and disappeared.

The next moment, Zhao Hai had appeared in the space, and Laura and the others immediately greeted them. Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others, and then smiled slightly and said: "I've made you worry. Actually, there's nothing to worry about. I'm just It was just a dream, nothing happened. I am just here to tell you that you are safe, and then I will go back to arrange the attack on the heaven and human world."

Laura and the others nodded, and Laura even said: "Go ahead, Brother Hai, don't worry about us, as long as you are safe." Although they were a little worried before, after knowing that Zhao Hai woke up, they also They no longer worry, they believe in Zhao Hai's strength, and they have encountered things like this before, so now they really are not worried at all, and they don't act like little girls.

Zhao Hai nodded, then moved and came to the main hall. Not long after he arrived in the main hall, Wen Wenhai and the others all ran into the main hall in a hurry. As soon as they saw Zhao Hai sitting in the main hall, Wen Wenhai Smiles appeared on their faces, and they immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "See the Sect Master."

Zhao Hai looked at them, smiled slightly, waved his hand and said: "Okay, you don't have to be so polite, just sit down." Everyone agreed, and when they could see Zhao Hai, they felt at ease, and they After all, they are all characters who have gone through countless storms, so their emotions quickly stabilized.

After a while, all the core elders arrived. Of course, the first ones to arrive were those from the cabinet. After all the elders saluted Zhao Hai, they found a place to sit down. After everyone was seated, Zhao Hai As soon as he moved, several magic weapons flew out of his hand and landed in front of Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming was stunned, but he still reached out and took the magic weapons.

Zhao Hai said to Wen Yuming in a deep voice: "Lao Wen, take a good look at these magic weapons, pay special attention to the runes on these magic weapons. These runes can form a magic circle. I used to I was trapped in this magic circle. This magic circle is very powerful and can make people fall into a dream. I spent a lot of energy to get out of it. It can be seen that the power of these magic circles is still Not small, and the power of the laws there is very weird. Our original magic circles cannot be used there. You must understand this kind of magic circle, and at the same time, you must also fix the magic circle. , Now you can start to attack the Heaven and Human Realm. Just as before, first create a base. I just built a small base there, and the rest is up to you." Zhao Hai immediately started the task After giving the order, he called everyone here this time, mainly to reassure them and let them understand that he had woken up, so that those guys would not worry about anything.

Sure enough, Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, you can take care of the future. I'm leaving." After saying that, he moved and disappeared. Everyone had no reaction to Zhao Hai's approach. In their opinion, they had long been accustomed to Zhao Hai's approach.

After Zhao Hai left, Wen Wenhai stood up. He glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "Okay, everyone, then we can start the plan we made seven days ago. Next, Elder Jiu Suan, It's up to you. Go to the Heavenly Realm first and build a base there. It doesn't need to be big, but it must be defended. We won't attack the Heavenly Realm for the time being. We have to wait until we hear about them. Only after we understand that kind of rune can we launch a large-scale attack. At the same time, these days, we can also see how the people in the Heavenly and Human Realm will react."

Old Man Jiusuan stood up and responded, and then Wen Wenhai continued: "Everyone else, go back and get ready. When we are ready, we will launch an all-out attack on the Heavenly and Human Realm. Go Right." Everyone also responded. As long as Zhao Hai comes back, there will be no problem in attacking the world of heaven and humanity. Zhao Hai is the backbone of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as Zhao Hai comes back, there will be no problem. .

Ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't know all this. They don't even know that Zhao Hai has been asleep for a while. They are still training every day, but they find that the current training seems to be more relaxed than the previous few days. Many, some core elders in the sect also had smiles on their faces. Although they didn't know what happened, they knew that there must be something good, so the atmosphere in the Blood Killing Sect became unknowingly warm. got up.

Time passed little by little, and they were trying their best to decipher the spells. They soon discovered that this spell was actually a language system, and most of these languages ​​were related to Buddhism. , and then they discovered that these languages ​​​​related to Buddhism were surprisingly similar to the Buddhism they had learned. This made their research advance by leaps and bounds. With the help of the optical brain, Their progress is very fast.

The Nine Suan Old Man and the others used the Wheel of Law to establish a base in the world of heaven and humanity. This base is not very big, but here, there are countless magic circles and endless battles. Zhi, even the Blood Killing Battle Fort has transferred a few, but now the Blood Killing Battle Fort can only protect the base in the base, and cannot leave the base to fight, although there is also a wheel of law on the Blood Killing Battle Fort. The magic circle, but the suppression of the power of law here seems to be very powerful. Leaving the base, the power of the bloody battle fort will be greatly affected.

And just as they expanded, they also discovered that near this space passage was actually a basin, a basin where rain and grass did not grow. But outside the basin, it seemed like another world, with towering ancient trees there. , there were various plants, and even various birds and animals. Although they did not see anyone, this space made him feel very comfortable.

The expansion of Old Man Jiusuan also stopped at the edge of the basin. They did not expand externally. They just established a base here in the basin. They had almost no contact with the outside of the basin. They only sent people to the edge of the basin. After observing the outside of the basin for a while, no one was seen.

Old Man Jiusuan reported this situation directly to Wen Wenhai and the others. After Wen Wenhai and the others heard the news, they felt very excited. Here in the Tianlong Babu Realm, there are only a few interfaces. In fact, there are some Different, the Shura Realm, the Dragon Realm and the Heavenly Realm are the three most different places. In the Cultivation Realm, there are also plants. Although the Shura clan is all Vajra, the giant bull there is real. The Dragon Realm is a water world with sea tribes there, and now here in the Heavenly and Human Realm, there are also plants and life. This is good news for them.

But at the same time, it also represents danger, because as long as it is this kind of special interface, no one is easy to deal with. This almost means that the enemies they face this time may have their own civilization, and dealing with Be especially careful with such enemies, because these enemies will use any method.

After learning that there were plants in the Celestial Realm, Wen Wenhai and the others had already focused their training. After hearing that Yu Ming and their research had made breakthrough progress, Wen Wenhai and the others knew , I am afraid it will not be too late to attack the Heavenly Realm, and they have already been prepared. They really want to know what kind of enemy they will encounter in the Heavenly Realm this time. Thinking of this, they actually became faintly excited. It was a desire for battle, and they needed to vent it.