c7691 dream

Just when Zhao Hai didn't know what to do, those mutated beasts seemed to sense that Zhao Hai had woken up. They all moved and rushed towards Zhao Hai one by one. Zhao Hai was shocked. He instinctively He blocked his head with his hands, but he did not feel the impact or bite. On the contrary, he felt that there seemed to be more heat currents in his body, which made him very comfortable.

Zhao Hai put his hand down and found a mutant beast rushing towards him. He couldn't help but screamed. Then he saw that the mutant beast disappeared directly into his body, and the other mutant beasts It was still rushing towards him, and then disappeared into his body. Whenever a mutant beast disappeared into his body, there would be an extra trace of warmth in his body. Whenever there was an extra trace of warmth in his body, When the warmth flowed, he felt very comfortable in his body, as if his strength had become stronger, and his spirit seemed to be better.

When he saw this situation, Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment. Although he thought it was a good thing, he still said: "What's going on? Is it a good thing for me?" Zhao Hai was really worried because this This thing was too weird. He didn't know whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, so he had to ask.

"It's a good thing." The voice came, and his answer this time also made Zhao Hai stunned, because he did not expect that the voice's answer this time would be so clear, and he did not add the owner. Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel happy when he woke up. He immediately said, "Can you answer my question directly now?"

"Yes, a little bit." The voice then replied. Although the answer this time was not so clear, it also made Zhao Hai understand what was going on. The voice should mean that he could answer some simple questions. That's a problem, and there is no need to add the four words "Master wakes up", which means that his mental power has become stronger.

Zhao Hai thought for a while, and then he immediately said: "My mental strength has become stronger, whether it has something to do with these mutant beasts entering my body, or whether it has something to do with the fact that I felt the water of the small river when I concentrated my mental power before. ?" When he was concentrating before, he felt the flow of the river under the bridge. He felt very comfortable at that time, so he asked this.

"Both!" The voice then replied. When he heard this answer, Zhao Hai's spirit couldn't help but trembled. Then he looked around again and found that mutant beasts appeared from time to time, and then entered his body directly. Inside, he took another look around and found that there was still no one around. This made Zhao Hai slightly relieved, but he was still a little worried and said: "These mutant beasts appear here in large numbers. Will they be attacked by others?" Discovered? If someone really discovers it, it will be troublesome."

"You don't have to show up." The voice then replied. Upon hearing this answer, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought about it and then said: "You mean, these mutant beasts can be prevented from appearing here?" He was not very satisfied with the answer this time. , that’s why I asked these questions.

The voice said solemnly: "Yes, follow your orders." This time the answer made Zhao Hai understand a lot of things. He thought about it and closed his eyes directly, and then he concentrated on Mentally, he only thought about one sentence: "Don't let anyone find you gathered here." He kept thinking only about this sentence, and at the same time, he also made his mental power more concentrated.

After a while, he suddenly found that all the sounds around him had disappeared. Zhao Hai turned around and took a look around. Sure enough, he found that all the mutated beasts had not changed, but at the same time, he felt that a warm current was still flowing from his body. As soon as his feet entered his body, he immediately understood that the mutated beasts had entered the underground and were entering his body from the underground.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but turn around and look around, and finally said: "What should I do next?" These mutant beasts can enter his body in this way, so what's next? What is he going to do? If he is really awake now, then he is just like dreaming. He is just moving in his own dream. What he has to do now is to drag him away from his own dream. So what should he do?

"Waiting for the iron ball." The voice gave Zhao Hai a four-word answer, and this answer also made Zhao Hai slightly stunned, but he immediately understood the meaning of the voice, and he immediately said: " What do you mean, let me wait here for the iron ball in the sky to fall? But how do I know where the iron ball falls? By the way, do you mean to let me contact the iron ball with my mental power, so that the iron ball will fall down? The ball will fall to me? But in that case, wouldn’t I be smashed to death?”

"No, pay attention to hallucinations." The voice reminded him once, and when Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but frowned. He didn't quite understand what the other party meant. What does it mean to pay attention to hallucinations? Could there be any hallucinations? ? Zhao Hai couldn't help but become a little worried, but he still said: "What kind of hallucination?"

"Everything." The voice replied, and then said: "You are in a dream." Then there was no voice, but this sentence made Zhao Hai slightly stunned, and then he immediately understood the voice He said in a deep voice: "What you mean is that the place where I am is originally in a dream, and the people here are also angry, no matter what the matter is, or even attacking and hurting me, all of them are What happened in the dream, as long as I regard everything as what happened in the dream, then they will not do any harm to me? Nor will they have any impact on us? Is this what you mean? "

"Yes." This time the answer was simpler, but Zhao Hai relaxed completely. He glanced at the sky, and then murmured: "Everything is fake, everything is fake, that means , everything here is fake, I don’t need to eat at all, then the people here are also fake, all the attacks are fake, everything is fake.”

As he said these words, he felt that his mental power seemed to be increasing rapidly. By the end, Zhao Hai had roared with all his strength: "Fake, it's all fake, fake!" As he With the sound of his voice, he felt that his mental power was growing infinitely. At the same time, he felt that there were countless small mental powers in this world that were responding to him, and at the same time, those small mental powers were moving towards him. He came here, and there was a spiritual force in the sky responding to him, which gave Zhao Hai a feeling of dominating the world.

But at this moment, he suddenly heard a voice saying: "Who is it? What are you doing?" Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then he turned around and saw several people in police uniforms heading towards When he came here, these people in police uniforms all looked at him with vigilance. They all had guns on their bodies and were wearing bulletproof vests. Some of them had already put their hands on their pistols, as if they were ready at any time. Draw your gun and use it on him.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then he couldn't help but smile, and then murmured: "I didn't expect, I really didn't expect that you would come so soon, but it's no use, you are all fake, all fake." He murmured these words, but he was slightly shaken in his heart, because after all, he had a complete memory, and he was clearly proud of how he lived the past twenty years, so even though he said It was fake, but in his heart, he was still feeling jealous.

At this time, a policeman suddenly said: "Who are you? What are you doing here? There may be mutated beasts here. Come here quickly." While talking to the policemen, they slowly walked towards Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai looked at these policemen, they didn't look fake at all, and he couldn't help but feel angrier.

Not at this time, he heard the voice coming from one time: "Jingxin, all this is a dream." This voice sounded in his mind, and the voice was very loud, which shocked Zhao Hai's mental strength. , and then he immediately felt that he seemed to wake up all of a sudden, which made him stunned. Then he immediately reacted. He glanced around and said: "What an amazing dream."

The policemen were still approaching him. As they approached, they said, "Who are you? What are you doing here? It's very dangerous here. Those mutated beasts will attack you. Come here quickly." While walking towards Zhao Hai, they are now very close to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at the policemen, a smile suddenly appeared on his face, and then he murmured: "If this is really a dream, it should be my own dream, and my dream should not be caused by Do I control it? I really want to try to see if my dreams are controlled by me." After saying this, he waved his hand, and then he saw a sudden gust of wind, and directly threw the policemen away. I was blown away and kept retreating.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned when he saw this effect. Then he looked at his hands with a look of surprise on his face, and then he murmured: "It's done, it's really done, hahahaha, that's great." It's really good." Zhao Hai was just trying it out, but he didn't expect that it actually succeeded, which made him even more excited. He immediately waved his hand, and the man who had been blown away before backed away. Several policemen, their bodies flew up directly, flying backwards screaming, and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Zhao Hai looked at the direction in which the police disappeared and couldn't help laughing. Then he looked up at the sky and said solemnly: "Sure enough, this place is fake, but this place is also real. This place is really my own dream. Here, I am God, hahahaha, here, I am God!”

At this time, a voice came: "Master, you finally woke up, but your body is still sealed, and your power cannot be fully used. Those mutant beasts are aliens, and the iron balls in the sky are Puppet disciples, they are also trapped here. It can be said that this is the dream shared by you, those mutated beasts and those puppet disciples, but because your dream is stronger, you can also say that you are a god here."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.