c7699 Method

Soon Di Shitian and his party had arrived about a hundred meters in front of Zhao Hai and the others. Di Shitian stood up on the back of the white elephant, saluted Zhao Hai with one hand and said: "Di Shitian has seen the donor. , the donor is polite." He already has his own title, but he is still very polite when facing Zhao Hai, because he has discovered that Zhao Hai is indeed very powerful. People like this , should be respected by them.

Zhao Hai also knew it slightly, clasped his fists at Emperor Shitian and said: "I have met the Venerable. I really didn't expect that the Venerable came in person. This really flattered Zhao Hai. I didn't know that the Venerable came before him this time. Come on, what can you tell me?" Zhao Hai's personal arrival was really beyond Zhao Hai's expectation, so he was extremely polite when he spoke.

When Emperor Shitian heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile slightly, and then said: "The donor is too polite. I heard that you, the donor, came from the lower world to hunt down evil spirits, and then you came to our heaven and human world. I have come to pay my respects. But the poor monk is really very curious, donors, how did you pass through that space passage? I remember that in that space passage, there was the light of decomposition left by the powerful predecessors. Anyone who wants to pass through the space passage, Everything will be decomposed, but you all arrived safely in the human world. This really makes me very curious."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It's nothing, it's just a few more layers on the outside of the body. When we pass through the space channel for the first time, we will conduct a test first to see what our space channel is like. It will break down several layers of our defenses, then bring the defenses up and pass through the space channel."

When Emperor Shitian heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "What a good idea. It's such a good idea. The poor monk didn't think of it. I'm really ashamed. The donor doesn't have a trace of evil spirit in his body, although he has a heavier murderous aura." , but in the murderous aura, there is also a trace of Buddhist power, which really makes the poor monk extremely curious, I wonder how you, the donor, did it?"

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Nothing but poisonous hands and Buddha's heart. We will never be soft when dealing with evil spirits. That's why the murderous intent in our bodies is so heavy. This is nothing. Don't be offended, Your Majesty. Your Majesty is here today." Is this why you are here to tell us this?”

When Emperor Shitian heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "I came to see the donor today just to confirm the identity of the donor. Knowing that the donor is not an evil spirit, the poor monk felt relieved, but I didn't know that you, the donor, How he entered the world of Tianlong and Babu made this poor monk very curious."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Is this place really called the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon? We have always called this place like this. Unexpectedly, it is really the right name. To put it bluntly, it is also a very strange thing. We came from the lower realm. Those who ascended directly ascended to the realm of the Eight Heavenly Dragons, so they naturally arrived."

When Emperor Shitian heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help being stunned, and then he said in disbelief: "Donor, you mean, you ascended from the lower world? You ascended, and you already have some strength? This It’s really unbelievable. At that time, the Holy Lord spent all his efforts to refine a lower realm ascension point into the world of Tianlong and Babu, just so that those who ascended from the lower realm can directly join our Jade Buddha Temple, but he did not expect that until now This ascension point is actually still usable.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, his eyes lit up. He looked at Emperor Shitian and said, "Your Majesty knows that you are from the Jade Buddha Temple? This is really interesting. I thought that Your Majesty didn't know that you are from the Jade Buddha Temple." Where did he come from?" Zhao Hai was really curious, it was really weird that Emperor Shitian knew his origin.

Emperor Shitian sighed softly and said: "How could I not know where I came from? The poor monk was born in the Jade Buddha Temple, but the poor monk was not a disciple of the Jade Buddha Temple. He was just a disciple of the Jade Buddha Temple before. They were just monsters protecting the mountain. They were later sent to the Heaven and Human Realm in the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realm by the Holy Lord. They were here to protect the Heaven and Human Realm. However, they didn’t expect that after so many years, no one from the Jade Buddha Temple had entered. When I came to the world of heaven and earth, it turned out that a magic weapon left here by the Holy Lord actually affected me and made people understand the true meaning of Buddhism. Now I have inherited the name of Emperor Shakten, which can be regarded as the official name of the Jade Buddha Temple. I am a disciple, but I have no way to leave here, and I can’t see anyone from the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. It’s really sad.”

Upon hearing what Emperor Shitian said, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Emperor Shitian and said: "So that's it. No wonder the venerable has a trace of evil spirit in his body. I didn't expect that the venerable is the mountain-protecting beast of the Jade Buddha Temple. But I am afraid that His Holiness will not be able to wait for the people from the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, because the Temple of the Emerald Buddha has been destroyed and all the disciples of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha are dead."

Emperor Shitian did not look angry, but sighed softly and said: "I have already guessed that if the Jade Buddha Temple had not been destroyed, it would not be possible for the evil spirits from the lower world to invade the heaven and human world. Donor, poor The monk knows nothing about the outside world these days, and I wonder if the donor can tell the poor monk what is happening in the outside world."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Of course. Although I ascended from the lower world, there are several people from the Wanshan Realm in our Blood Killing Sect. They also know some of the situations at the Jade Buddha Temple. They were Also tell me what happened at the Jade Buddha Temple, and tell His Holiness as well." After saying that, Zhao Hai told how they ascended here, how they participated in the war with the Shadow Tribe, and how they were abandoned. How they used their power to drive the Shadow Tribe people out of the Black and White battlefield, how they fought in one realm and how they finally knew the situation at the Jade Buddha Temple, they told Emperor Shitian in detail.

Di Shitian had been listening to Zhao Hai's words quietly. When Zhao Hai finished speaking, Di Shitian sighed softly, and then said: "Amitabha, there is a destiny of origin, origin and destruction. It really can't be forced." , when the Holy Lord took over the wishes of the seniors and refined the Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons, he should not have refined the Ascension Point into the Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons, but the Holy Lord wanted to make the Jade Buddha Temple even more powerful. , so he forcibly refined an ascension point into the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realm. Although he succeeded in the end, it exhausted his life and even failed to complete the unification of the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realm. He passed away. Before he passed away, he had some enlightenment and called me to his side. He told me that he forcibly refined an ascension point into the world of Tianlong and Babu, which was against the way of heaven. In the future, the Jade Buddha Temple would be damaged, but There is a glimmer of vitality in the way of heaven, and the point of ascension is that glimmer of vitality. Unexpectedly, the Holy Lord said everything right."

When he heard what he said, Zhao Hai couldn't help being slightly startled. Then he glanced at Emperor Shitian, and then said in a deep voice: "What does the venerable mean?" He heard that Emperor Shitian didn't seem to have any regard for them. What kind of hostility, and according to what Di Shitian just said, they should be a glimmer of hope that the Holy Lord had calculated long ago, so should Di Shitian join the Blood Killing Sect?

Emperor Shitian looked at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said: "Donor, although the Holy Lord left these words, he did not let us directly join the Blood Killing Sect, and my duty here is to protect the heaven and human world. , if you want to pass through the heaven and human realm, you must defeat us. After defeating us, you can officially enter the main realm, and then merge the eight realms of heaven and dragon into one realm. At that time, you can start from here. left."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Your Majesty, if we really go to war, there will definitely be casualties. I have noticed that the monks here in the heaven and human world are all real Living beings, do you just want them to die in vain?”

When Emperor Shitian heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but sigh and said: "Although we don't want them to die in vain, our duty does not allow us to let you go, so the battle is inevitable. This may be My destiny, I am originally from the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, and the Temple of the Emerald Buddha has disappeared, so I should not live in this world."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then he took a deep look at Emperor Shitian, and then said in a deep voice: "Honorable Sir, you also said that you are from the Jade Buddha Temple, you should know something about the Jade Buddha Temple, don't you just Don’t you want the inheritance of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha to be passed on? Why do you have to die? If I have a way to allow us people to pass your test without dying, do you agree?"

Di Shitian was stunned, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "You mean, you have a way to defeat us without causing any casualties to us? Is there really such a method in this world?" Di Shitian really said What he did not believe was that there was such a method in this world, so he seemed very surprised.

Zhao Hai looked at Emperor Shitian's appearance, and then said in a deep voice: "There is indeed such a method, but I don't know what you want? If you agree, then I can guarantee that no one here in the heaven and human world will Even if we die, we can still pass the test, what do you think?" Zhao Hai had already thought of a method before, but for this method, Emperor Shitian must completely trust him.

Di Shitian looked at Zhao Hai blankly, and after a while he said: "Okay, I believe you, but I don't know what conditions you have as a donor, so please tell me." Di Shitian really didn't He believed that Zhao Hai would be so kind just to help them without any conditions, but he didn't believe it.

Zhao Hai looked at Emperor Shitian and said in a deep voice: "I hope that after we pass the test, the Venerable and all the monks in the heaven and human world can join our Blood Killing Sect. I can allow you to join the Blood Killing Sect. The inheritance of your Emerald Buddha Temple will be passed on, but you can only be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and you can no longer say that you are from the Emerald Buddha Temple. I wonder what His Holiness thinks?"

When Emperor Shitian heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned. Then he thought about it, glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, according to your words, if you really pass the test, then You can unite the eight realms of Tianlong into one. At that time, we will naturally join your Blood Killing Sect. There is nothing wrong with this. As long as you can do it, I will never object."