c7693 wake

After the strange fish crashed into the plane, it did not die. Instead, it fell directly to the ground, and then submerged underground. Even more strange fish shot up from the ground directly into the sky. When they After jumping into the air, they turned into giant eagles. These giant eagles began to attack the aircraft in the sky non-stop. Their bodies were very huge, their attack power was also very powerful, and their speed was very fast. It was very fast, which prevented those planes from directly attacking the ground. This also made Zhao Hai sigh in relief. At the same time, his eyes looked at the giant eagles, and a trace of gratitude flashed in his eyes.

Then Zhao Hai had a thought in his mind and saw the dilapidated metal shield. It collapsed with a bang and fell directly into the big pit. The big pit was buried directly. Then the metal shield fell directly. It melted and filled the big hole in one go. Then countless metals flew over from all around, and even countless walls with concrete flew over and piled there, turning into a huge The protective layer.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but smile. Then he paid attention to the metal ball again. He found that it would not take long for the metal ball to fall to the ground. This made Zhao Hai's spirit He couldn't help being shocked, and he was ready to greet those metal balls.

But at this time, several points of light on the horizon flickered and disappeared, and then several missiles hit the huge garbage pile directly. The garbage pile disappeared directly, and another pit appeared on the ground. As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but murmured: "The power is really strong enough, but it's a pity, I'm ready to receive those metal balls."

He could feel it now. The metal ball was only a few hundred meters away from the ground and would fall to the ground soon. So Zhao Hai thought, and his figure slowly floated to the ground. When he appeared, When on the ground, it was at least a few hundred meters away from the place where those missiles attacked. It turned out that Zhao Hai had created a false target for those people from the very beginning. The more he protected that place, the more those people would The more they think that he is in that place, the more they will attack that place with all their strength, but Zhao Hai is not in that place. No matter how they attack, it is impossible to hurt Naughty Hai. There is Zhao Hai there. A false target made for those people.

Just when Zhao Hai appeared on the ground, several metal balls in the sky fell directly and hit Zhao Hai's body. At that moment, Zhao Hai felt that something was inside his body. The power seemed to wake up instantly, countless memories appeared in his mind, and he closed his eyes involuntarily.

When he opened his eyes, he found that he was still there, and countless people around him were pointing guns at him. This made Zhao Hai stunned, and then he said with some confusion: "It's strange , why am I still here? Shouldn’t I have left?”

The voice came once and said: "Master, you really should leave, but what traps you should be an illusion of a magic circle. It is still affecting you now, so you must break this illusion. That is to say. , you have to destroy your dream world, and you still can't fully use your power. In other words, your mental power has been restored, but other powers have not been fully restored. You can still control your dreams, but if you want to use your own power, you can't."

When Zhao Hai heard what the voice said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "So that's it, that is to say, I am still trapped in a dream. I have to rely on my own strength to destroy this dream, and then we can It is really too easy to leave the dreamland. The guy who pulled me into my dreamland must not know what kind of place I come from. Otherwise, he would not have such a commitment. ”

Having said this, Zhao Hai glanced at the people around him, then smiled slightly and said: "It's useless, such attacks are of no use to me." Just as he was speaking, those giant eagles also fell from the sky. After landing, they rushed towards Zhao Hai and finally integrated into Zhao Hai's body.

Zhao Hai looked at the fallen giant eagles and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "The alien clan, even if I am in the dreamland, they are still guarding me, haha, forget it, just destroy this place and get out early. "After saying this, he slowly stretched out his right hand in front of himself until it was straight, then spread his fingers, and then he made a fist fiercely.

With his movements, the whole world began to shake. Countless huge mushroom clouds rose directly, and then the whole world was destroyed. Just like Zhao Hai said, to destroy this world, it is really necessary. It's too easy. You can destroy this world countless times without using anything else, just using the weapons made by the people of this world, let alone other methods.

When the world was completely destroyed, Zhao Hai finally slowly opened his eyes. He glanced around, then couldn't help but smile, and then said: "I really didn't expect that there is such an energy." While saying While looking around, he found that he was in a huge metal ball. The outer metal ball protected him very well, but all the magic circles on these metal balls could not be used. It can be seen that the ones used here were not It's not the same power of law as them.

But this was of no use to Zhao Hai. As soon as Zhao Hai waved his hand, the metal ball turned into molten metal and returned directly to him. He finally fell to the ground. When he stood on the ground, He discovered that the aliens that had fainted immediately after entering this interface all woke up at this time. They glanced around and finally saw Zhao Hai. They immediately saluted Zhao Hai and shouted loudly. Said: "I have met the young master."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Okay, don't be so polite, just stand next to me." After saying that, Zhao Hai glanced at the few metal balls next to him. There was no movement on those metal balls. Zhao Hai knew , that’s because the magic circle in the metal ball can’t be used, so the puppet disciples can’t move, but they should have just woken up now. If they wake up completely, they should become their illusions. The beast came out.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then countless amounts of molten metal suddenly flowed out from his body, covering all the surrounding areas. At the same time, the molten metal turned into a huge magic circle. Then the magic circle lit up, and then the metal balls suddenly moved, and finally turned into several metal people. They glanced around, then walked up to Zhao Hai and saluted Zhao Hai. Said: "I have met the sect leader."

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "Okay, be careful around us. I'm really curious. We've been here for so long, why doesn't anyone come here? What on earth is going on?" At this moment, a voice came out. It sounded in his mind: "Master, you have been unconscious for the past few days and no one has been here. This is indeed very strange."

Zhao Hai knew this voice, and this voice should be his optical brain, and this was what made him most surprised. He glanced around and said in a deep voice: "With such a good opportunity, they didn't attack. It's really weird. The power that pulled me into the dream before should be the power of a magic circle, but the power of that magic circle is different from the power of our magic circle. Now It’s more interesting.”

Then he paid attention to his surroundings and mentally explored the surroundings. Sure enough, he found a few magical artifacts buried in the ground. However, those magical artifacts were all broken now. Zhao Hai waved his hand, and those magical artifacts, Flying directly in front of him, he found that the several magical instruments in his hand were all Buddhist instruments, including alms bowls, Buddhist beads, wooden fish, Zen staffs, and cassocks, but now they were all broken.

Zhao Hai felt that there was a very strong Buddhist power on these magical artifacts, which made him frown. He really didn't expect that the Buddhist power on these magical artifacts would be like this. This was really weird, but then he noticed that these magic weapons were all engraved with runes, and they were very different from the runes he had seen before. Runes always gave Zhao Hai a very familiar feeling, but he was certain that he had never used such runes before.

Looking at these runes carefully, the memories hidden in Zhao Hai's mind suddenly came to mind. He immediately discovered that these runes turned out to be some Buddhist spells on the earth, which surprised Zhao Hai. , you must know that the runes they are using now are self-contained. Although they have a certain connection with the Taoist runes on the earth, they are not exactly the same. Although he understands the Buddhist spells on the earth, There are not many, but I do know some. The oldest Buddhist spells on earth are probably some spells written in Sanskrit. After they were introduced to China, some changes occurred. Most of them are used in Tibetan areas. The main ones are talismans, and almost all of those talismans are written in some ancient Tibetan script.

The reason why Zhao Hai felt familiar was because he had seen some such talismans, but at that time, he did not know what these talismans meant, because he was on earth, and although he was very interested in Buddhism, he was not I believe in Buddhism, so I have only seen Buddhist spells.

But here, he saw this kind of talisman once, which surprised Zhao Hai. He really didn't understand why the Buddhist talisman appeared here, and it seemed that it was still a very pure earth. The Buddhist spells on the Buddha's door are so weird. Thinking that the Buddhist Dharma here is very similar to the Buddhist Dharma on the earth, as well as the Eight Divisions of Heavenly Dragons and so on, Zhao Hai is even more convinced that this place must be the same as the Buddhist Dharma on the earth. There is a certain relationship, but what kind of relationship it is, Zhao Hai doesn't know yet, but he believes that he will know as long as he conquers all the space in the Tianlong Babu Realm.