c7695 tiger roar

In the main hall of the Blood Killing Sect, the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect came to the main hall. Although the cabinet now established by the Blood Killing Sect can decide on general matters, the other core elders actually do not need to participate. Among the management matters, Wen Wenhai still decided to let all the core elders know about this before attacking the heaven and human world.

Seeing that everyone had arrived, Wen Wenhai said: "Okay, everyone is here, let's talk about what we are going to do next. Now the Shenji Hall has already moved to the Heaven and Human Realm. All the magic formations have been studied and understood, and we can attack the heaven and human world. Do you have any questions?"

When they heard what he said, everyone shook their heads. They had long wanted to attack the Heaven and Human Realm, but because of Zhao Hai's incident and the matter of the magic formation in the Heaven and Human Realm, their attack time was limited. They kept pushing and pushing, and now they could finally attack. Of course they were very happy.

Looking at the faces of everyone, Wen Wenhai smiled slightly and said: "Okay, everyone has no objections, that's the best. Then let me talk about the situation in the Heavenly and Human Realm. Now we are in the Heavenly and Human Realm. I occupied a place and built my own base. This base was actually in a small basin. Outside the basin, there were many plants and various monsters, but I didn't see any. Judging from the situation there, there must be a very complete civilization system in the heaven and human world, and they should be different from the people in the previous interfaces. To really talk about it, they should be like the sea people Pretty much, they will have their own ideas and actions. Facing such an enemy, we will be just like facing real monk enemies and we must not take it lightly."

Everyone nodded, and their expressions became solemn. They knew very well that the world of heaven and humans would never be so easy to deal with. This was the last realm of the eight realms of Tianlong, even behind him. There is another realm, but I'm afraid it won't be as strong as this realm.

Facing such an interface, you must not underestimate it. If you dare to underestimate this interface, you will definitely die in a very ugly way. After all, if it is really said, no interface in the world of Tianlong Babu is It's so easy to deal with. If it weren't for the people of the Blood Killing Sect who could keep upgrading, I'm afraid they wouldn't be able to take down a single interface by now.

Wen Wenhai looked at the faces of everyone, and then said: "After the army entered the world of heaven and humanity, it continued to advance slowly as before, occupying the interface bit by bit. We must not act too hastily. Do you understand?" Everyone nodded in unison.

Then Wen Wenhai turned his attention to Bai Yan and said in a deep voice: "Old Bai, you will still be in charge of this battle. If you need anything, just tell me directly, but you must remember that you must Use the minimum price to take down this world of heaven and man for me."

Bai Yan stood up, cupped his fists at Wen Wenhai and said, "Yes, please rest assured, Elder Wen, you know what to do." Bai Yan knew very well that in the world of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon, no matter how powerful they are, no matter how much blood they can give, No matter how much benefit the Killing Sect brings, he can't get away from the fact that this is a place where the Blood Killing Sect trains their troops, so here, they must not make too many sacrifices, otherwise it will be tantamount to failure.

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's go back and prepare. Tomorrow we will officially start sending troops to enter the heaven and human world. I know that everyone is ready, and it is time to attack, otherwise the disciples below will I'm so anxious to wait." Everyone responded with a roar, then they all stood up, saluted to Wen Wenhai, then turned and left.

Wen Wenhai, however, left Bai Yan and Zhu Yong behind. He said to Bai Yan: "Bai Yan, you must pay more attention. When we checked the information before, we should have seen that in the world of heaven and humans, The Celestials can actually be said to be one clan, and this Celestial clan is the mortal enemy of the Shura clan. They fight from time to time, but the Celestial clan can be placed at the top of the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons, which shows how powerful it is, so you must Be careful.

Baiyan responded and said: "Yes, please don't worry, Elder Wen. I know what to do and I will never let you down. No matter what clan he is, we will definitely be the final winner, and I will never let you down." It will cause us to kill the sect and cause too much damage, so don’t worry."

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to Zhu Yong and said: "Old Zhu, how is the situation of the Hai Clan? Can they also reach combat effectiveness? If they do not have combat effectiveness, they must tell me as soon as possible, okay? Make some adjustments, and we must not ruin our major events because of them."

Zhu Yong said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, the Sea Clan has already formed a fighting force, especially the Swordfish Clan, the Sailfish Clan, and the Shark Clan. The three of them have formed a fighting force very quickly. They can already compete with the cavalry. We are cooperating in the battle, so there is no need to worry, and there is no problem with the loyalty of the Hai Clan, they have been completely integrated into our Blood Killing Sect."

"Okay, great. With the addition of the Hai Clan, our Blood Killing Sect has a lot more capable soldiers. This makes me feel relieved. Old Ding, you must bring people here this time." The Celestial Realm is the last realm of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon. The people here will certainly not be bad at fighting. There may be many masters. We must be careful. If there are no masters like you, we will be in charge. If so, I'm really worried." Wen Wenhai finally confessed to Ding Chunming.

Ding Chunming nodded without saying anything. He hugged his fists directly at Ding Chunming, then turned and left. Wen Wenhai was not angry at Ding Chunming's reaction. He knew that Ding Chunming was not what they were thinking. Things are different, and in fact, if we really count, Ding Chunming's status with Zhao Hai is higher than him.

Wen Wenhai turned to the other two people and said: "Okay, you guys should go back and prepare. Lao Bai, you will enter the world of heaven and man tomorrow, so you must be prepared." Bai Yan responded, and then directed at Wen Wenhai He cupped his fists and turned around to leave. He really needed to prepare, after all, he was going to take action tomorrow.

Early the next morning, the Blood Killing Sect's army was ready. Following Wen Wenhai's command, the Blood Killing Sect's army sat directly on the teleportation array and entered the Heavenly and Human Realm. The Heavenly and Human Realm was also ready. Preparation, after everyone entered, they immediately entered each inner space to rest, and did not attack immediately.

Ding Chunming and the others, who entered the world of heaven and humans earlier than the army, have also begun to set up posts in various places to cope with situations that may happen at any time. However, what is strange is that it took so long for their base to be established. After a while, no one came to attack them, which surprised them all.

The first batch of troops that the Blood Killer Sect entered into the Heaven and Human Realm numbered one billion. This number is actually quite a lot. Now the Blood Killer Sect's base in the Heaven and Human Realm can only station about 10 million people. Others People can only stay in the inner space to rest. It can be said that there are definitely more people and less land.

After Baiyan arrived at the Celestial Realm, he immediately took over the command task there. The army began to take action. The first step was to expand externally. They had to get out of this basin and officially enter the forest to see the forest. What's going on here?

The first group of people to enter the forest were the Kirigakure clan and the Alien clan. They had to figure out the situation in the forest before taking the next step. If possible, he really didn't want to destroy the forest. , because if they really attack, they will use their war plants to directly destroy the forest, which is not necessarily a good thing for them.

When the Kirigakure clan and the alien clan entered the underground of the woods and began to conduct reconnaissance of the woods, everyone in the Blood Killing Sect also began to take action. They also began to advance into the woods from the ground. At the same time, there were also waves in the sky. Some people began to advance in all directions. This time they launched a full-scale attack, advancing from all directions.

Following their movements, countless birds and beasts were frightened in the woods. However, these birds and beasts did not attack them, but fled in all directions. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect did not chase those birds and beasts, but Begin to arrange spherical magic circles in various places in the woods, and at the same time, plant some war plants everywhere. These war plants will not completely destroy the forest, but they can help the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to protect them. This woods.

When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were advancing, suddenly a tiger roar came. The sound was very loud. All the Blood Killing Sect disciples who entered the woods heard this sound, even the Blood Killing Sect disciples in the base. The disciples all heard this voice, which made everyone stunned.

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect heard it. The roar of the tiger was not only loud, but also contained a trace of anger and an indescribable sense of dignity. This made all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect wary. They all I know that I am afraid that an enemy will appear, and the strength of this enemy cannot be underestimated.

At this time, three more tiger roars came. These three tiger roars came from three other different directions, as if they were echoing the previous tiger roars. Then four tiger roars sounded at the same time. But what is strange is that when these four tiger roars sound at the same time, in addition to giving people a sense of majesty, they also make people feel a trace of Buddha nature, as if the anger in the tiger roars disappears. , on the contrary, there is a sense of righteousness and peace. This feeling is very strange, but it is the most real feeling for all Blood Killing Sect disciples.

Baiyan, who was standing in the radar ship, closed his eyes after hearing the first roar. After several tiger roars came, a smile appeared on his face. After a while, he murmured: : "Interesting, really interesting. I didn't expect that this world of gods and humans would be so interesting. Even the monsters and beasts have a trace of Buddha nature, and they have learned to suppress their anger. This is really interesting."