c7700 meeting

Zhao Hai laughed loudly and looked at Emperor Shitian and said: "Okay, with your words, I am relieved, but please trust me, because if you want to do it, there will be no casualties at all." I have to make some preparations for this test. One of them is that I must completely record the terrain of the entire heaven and human world, and then give each of you a magic circle. You must activate this magic circle at that time. That’s all.”

Emperor Shitian took a deep look at Zhao Hai, then nodded and said: "I believe you, with your strength, there is no need to follow us in these conspiracies and tricks. As long as you are willing, you can use it from heaven at any time." If you leave here in the world, you will kill all of us directly. No one can stop you, so I believe you will not lie to me about this matter."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly: "I believe you will not regret this decision. If the Lord agrees, then I will collect all the terrain here in the Heavenly Realm." Zhao Hai will not be polite and has already made a decision. , then do it immediately. I think everyone now understands what method Zhao Hai is talking about, right? He just used the real illusion to complete this test, because he really didn't want to kill Di Shitian. There was really no evil in Di Shitian, and Zhao Hai could see that Di Shitian really didn't want to fight with them. for the enemy.

When Emperor Shitian heard what Zhao Hai said, he shook his head and said: "No, not yet, I have to inform everyone in the heaven and human world, otherwise, they will attack you, so be it, Give us three days, and after three days, I will ask Hu An to come and inform you, what do you think?" Emperor Shitian said while pointing at Hu An.

Hu An also saluted Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai returned the salute, and then said: "Okay, no problem, then I will tell you in three days, please, Your Majesty, I will wait for the news of Your Majesty." Emperor Shi Tianchong He bowed to Zhao Hai, then led Hu An and the four of them to turn around and leave, and they walked very quickly. It seemed that he was indeed very anxious.

Zhao Hai watched Di Shitian and the others leave, and he immediately said to Wen Wenhai and the others: "Let's go back and have a meeting." After saying that, he turned around and left, and Wen Wenhai and the others quickly followed, taking the place as they walked. The news was also notified to other core elders, so that other core elders could be prepared.

When Zhao Hai and the others returned to the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect, all the core elders of the Blood Slaughter Sect were already in the main hall. Zhao Hai and the others arrived in the main hall. After sitting down, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and then said: " Things have undergone some new changes. I got in touch with the people in the Heaven and Human Realm, and found that the people here are actually very talkative. The person who really has the final say here is a person named Di Shitian. And he was originally a guardian beast of the Emerald Buddha Temple, and he came here to protect the world of heaven and man. There is no trace of the power of the Shadow Clan's laws on his body. In other words, he is not affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws. , so we don’t have to worry about anything, and he stayed here just to test us. After he knew that the Jade Buddha Temple was destroyed, he could also join our Blood Killing Sect, so I decided that we would use a Find a more peaceful way to resolve this matter."

When they heard what he said, those who didn't know about this were all stunned, but no one spoke. They would not object to Zhao Hai's decision. They all wanted to hear what Zhao Hai wanted to use. We wanted to resolve this matter in a peaceful way, so we all waited for Zhao Hai to continue.

Zhao Hai glanced at them and then said: "The truth is actually very simple. I want to use the real illusion to complete this test, so that there will not be any casualties on both sides of us, and they can join our blood in the future. The clan will be killed, and by killing the clan with blood, we will have an extra force that cannot be underestimated. Let us all decide what to do."

Those who didn't know about this matter were all stunned for a moment, and then they nodded. They felt that Zhao Hai's proposal was really good, so naturally no one would object, and Wen Wenhai They had already arrived at Zhao Hai to use this method, so they were more calm and would not object.

After looking at them, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Okay, if everyone doesn't object, then this matter has been decided. We will wait for them for three days. After three days, if they agree, we will All the terrain here in the Heavenly and Human Realm has been incorporated into the real illusion. Then we will take action immediately. When we have integrated all the terrain here in the Heavenly and Human Realm into the real illusion, then we can conduct this test and let the disciples Let's all withdraw. If it's really just to collect terrain, we won't need so many people at all. We only need to send some disciples and bring radars to complete the task. We won't need so many people at all. Let's All disciples, be prepared, this battle in the real illusion is unprecedented, and everyone must pay attention to it."

Everyone agreed, and they also knew that this time's matter was indeed very important. If this test could really be completed in the real illusion, it would mean that all disciples would not be injured or killed, and they Then we can truly and peacefully take over the world of heaven and humanity, which is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, then waved his hands, and then said: "Okay, let's all go back, let's go." Everyone responded, then turned and left. Zhao Hai glanced at them, only slightly. He smiled and then returned to the space. He really felt that there was no need to worry about this matter.

At this time, Emperor Shitian also returned to the place where he lived. The place where he lived was called the Jade Buddha Temple. Because he had guessed that something might have happened to the Jade Buddha Temple, he built it here. There is a temple called the Jade Buddha Temple. In these years, in addition to cultivating the monsters here in the world of heaven and humans to become Buddhist disciples, he has been sorting out various classics of the Jade Buddha Temple. He knows very well that if the Jade Buddha Temple really If something went wrong, then these classics he compiled will most likely become the final inheritance of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha.

When he arrived at the Jade Buddha Temple, Emperor Shitian immediately asked people to send orders to the people in each branch of his temple, asking all the hosts to come to the Jade Buddha Temple. He had something to give instructions, and Hu An and the others, Naturally, they all followed, and after a while, the abbots of other branch temples also arrived at the Jade Buddha Temple.

Emperor Shitian has worked very hard in these years. He not only built the Jade Buddha Temple, but also trained many masters. There are 108 masters like Hu An. They each guard a There are one hundred and eight branch temples. These one hundred and eight people are naturally one hundred and eight presiding officers, but now they have all gathered here at the Jade Buddha Temple.

After everyone arrived in the main hall of the Jade Buddha Temple, Emperor Shitian walked out. Then he used the vajra in his hand to gently knock a large copper bowl in the main hall. This copper bowl There was a buzzing sound that spread far away, and everyone in the hall fell silent.

Emperor Shitian glanced at everyone, and then said: "I think everyone knows the news about people from the lower world coming up in the forbidden area. I have contacted those people today, and those people are not the last time we invaded our heavenly beings. They are not evil spirits in the world, but people who are chasing evil spirits, so I made an agreement with them."

Then Emperor Shitian told everyone how he met Zhao Hai and what he had agreed with Zhao Hai. And these people under him also knew about the Jade Buddha Temple and their mission, so they all knew about it. They were all a little surprised when they heard what Di Shitian said. Finally, they heard that Di Shitian agreed to Zhao Hai's conditions, allowing the people of the Blood Killing Sect to collect the terrain here in the Heaven and Human Realm, and finally give them to them. When everyone had a magic circle, those people were a little confused.

One of the hosts waited until Shakti finished speaking, then stood up, and after bowing to Shakti, he said: "Holy Lord, if they have evil intentions and want to deal with us, what should we do? They know the terrain here in the Heavenly Realm. It will be easier for them to deal with us. Moreover, they will give each of us a magic circle. What if they want to use the magic circle to trap us? What should we do? Aren’t we going to let them slaughter us?”

This is also what many people think, so his words were also approved by many people. Emperor Shitian was not angry because he spoke like this. Instead, he smiled slightly and said: "Okay, please sit down. The reason why I The main reason why I believe so much in the people of the Blood Killing Sect is because when I met Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect today, I had already seen his strength. This man’s strength is extremely powerful. I saw him as if I were seeing a high mountain. Facing the deep sea, you can neither reach the top nor the bottom. Such a person has no need to plot such a conspiracy against us. As long as he is willing, he can break through our world of heaven and humans and kill us one by one, so I believe what Zhao Hai said, and I believe he will not use this method to deal with us. If he wants to deal with us, he will definitely deal with us in an upright manner, so there is no need for you to worry."

Upon hearing what Emperor Shitian said, the hosts were all in an uproar. However, they were all profound Buddhists. They soon calmed down their emotions. Then one person said: "The Holy Lord said this, then That's it, let me prepare a little, and in three days, they can collect the terrain of the heaven and human world."

Emperor Shitian looked at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Tell all the disciples not to make things difficult for people from the Blood Killing Sect, because Zhao Hai has promised me that we can all join the Blood Killing Sect, and we can also join the Blood Killing Sect. Here, we inherit the heritage of the Jade Buddha Temple, so we must not be rude to them. If we can really complete this test peacefully, it will be a good thing for us. Otherwise, our losses will be too great. And the inheritance of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha now all belongs to you. If it is lost like this, I really don’t want to. Besides, we are disciples of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. We are Buddhists. People in Buddhism are taboo on killing. If we can avoid it, The enemy is fighting to the death, which is also a great achievement for us, remember, remember!"