c7707 ask

Emperor Shitian glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I have agreed, so don't pretend to be pretentious. There is no need at all. You should join the Blood Killing Sect first and understand the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, so that you can wait until later , we have all returned to the Blood Killing Sect, and we will not be too unfamiliar with the Blood Killing Sect, and we can also let the people of the Blood Killing Sect see our sincerity, isn't this great?" Emperor Shitian is now They thought very clearly that they were no match for the Blood Killing Sect anyway, and they had already agreed to join the Blood Killing Sect, so let Hu An and the others join the Blood Killing Sect first to avoid any problems in the future. .

When Hu An and the others heard what Di Shitian said, they immediately responded. Then Di Shitian waved his hands, and Hu An and the others left the hall. Before Hu An and the others went up to the teleportation formation, Hu An stopped them. The other three people said, "Senior brothers, how about coming to my place for a little gathering?"

When the three people heard what Hu An said, they were stunned at first, but then they all nodded and agreed with Hu An's words. The four people went directly to the teleportation array and arrived at the Nanhu Temple. After arriving at the temple, Hu An invited the three of them to his meditation room. After sitting down, Hu An glanced at the other three people, and then said in a deep voice: "Three senior brothers, what do you think of this incident?"

Of course the other three people knew what Hu An was talking about. It was nothing more than Emperor Shitian asking them to join the Blood Killing Sect directly. Regarding this matter, they really had a headache. To be honest, they were really worried now. They didn't want to join the Blood Killing Sect. When no one else joined the Blood Killing Sect, they joined the Blood Killing Sect first. This was indeed a bit unsightly.

But they had to listen to Emperor Shitian's order, which also gave a few people a headache. Thinking of this, Hu Jing said: "It's actually nothing to join the Blood Killing Sect now, just like what the Holy Lord said , we joined the Blood Killing Sect just to see how the Blood Killing Sect is. After all, in the future, all of us in the heaven and human world will join the Blood Killing Sect, but we don’t know much about the Blood Killing Sect now. It is indeed somewhat unjustifiable, so it is just the right time for us to join the Blood Killing Sect. It is also necessary to understand the Blood Killing Sect first."

Hu An said solemnly: "I think so too. It doesn't matter if you join the Blood Killing Sect now, and all of us in the Heavenly and Human Realm will all join the Blood Killing Sect in the future. We have already agreed to join the Blood Killing Sect. , if you regret it in the end, it will definitely anger the people of the Blood Killing Sect, and if they really take revenge, it will be really troublesome."

Several other people also nodded, and Hu Chan said: "Brother Hu An, you have always been in contact with the people of the Blood Killing Sect. You also know more about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect than we do. I Seeing as this time it’s still the same as before, it’s up to you to get in touch with the people from the Blood Killing Sect, how about that?”

Hu An nodded and said: "Okay, no problem. I will go and contact the people from the Blood Killing Sect, tell them what we mean, and see what kind of reaction they have. If they agree, then it will be fine." No, if they don’t agree, then we’ll just find a way, but I think they will definitely agree.”

The other three people all nodded, and Hu He said in a deep voice: "Let's go back and prepare first, and tell the disciples the news. We must let those disciples know what happened, and don't let people from the Blood Killing Sect really come by then. No, they don’t know that if there is a conflict, it would be bad, so we will go back first.”

Hu An nodded and sent the three people out of the room. Watching the three people leave, he sighed softly. He called the three people here before, not to talk about this matter, but to discuss it. For a moment, he wondered whether they were going to join the Blood Killing Sect at this entrance. But when a few people sat together, he found that he couldn't say what he had thought about. Let alone say that this order was given by Emperor Shitian. , if they don’t listen, they are disrespecting orders, and Emperor Shitian may deal with them. If they really don’t contact the Blood Killing Sect, it will not be of any benefit to them, and they will lose the benefit of joining the Blood Killing Sect in advance. , so he finally decided to join the Blood Killing Sect in advance.

After returning to the temple, Hu An directly called all the stewards in the temple to him. These stewards were all appointed by him. It can be said that they are all his disciples. He was not polite to these stewards. Yes, he glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "I just went to the Jade Buddha Temple to attend a meeting, and the Holy Lord gave me an order. He said that those of us who have participated in the test can already join the Blood Killing Sect. In the future, people from other temples, as long as they participate in the entrance test, can do the same as us and directly join the Blood Killing Sect. I don’t know what everyone thinks about this."

When those in charge heard what Hu An said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then one of them said: "Hosting, did Lord Shengzun really say that we can join the Blood Killing Sect now? If we join the Blood Killing Sect now, What will other people think? Do they think we are surrendering to the enemy in advance?"

When Hu An heard what he said, he also said: "There is no need to worry about this. The Holy Lord asked us to join the Blood Killing Sect, so naturally he will not blame us. If others say anything, the Holy Lord will also speak for us. Yes, I don’t think you have anything to worry about.”

Hearing what Hu An said, the faces of the stewards couldn't help but relax. One of the stewards said: "President, if Lord Shengzun really doesn't blame us, then there is nothing wrong with joining the Blood Killing Sect now. There is no difference between joining the Blood Killing Sect now and joining the Blood Killing Sect in the future, and we might even get some benefits."

Hu An was stunned, and then he looked at the person in charge with some confusion and said, "What are the benefits? What are the benefits? Why don't you tell me?" Hu An really didn't know what benefits he was talking about. , could it be that if they join the Blood Killing Sect in advance, the people of the Blood Killing Sect will look down upon them? If this is the benefit he's talking about, it's really nothing.

The person in charge said: "Host, in fact, the benefits I mentioned are the benefits of being in the real illusion. Those of us who died in the battle will have options after entering the Blood Killing Sect, such as When it comes to options such as watching, training, and studying, most people in our temple have chosen to watch, but in fact there are still some people who choose the training or studying options, but the problem lies here, they choose that option, but then their In front of them, a few words appeared, which said that they did not have that authority and could not use that option, so I speculated that they could not choose that option because they were not disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so they could only watch the battle. , we cannot train or study with the real illusion. If we really join the Blood Killing Sect, maybe we can use those two options, which will be of great benefit to us."

Hu An really didn't know about this matter, so when he heard what the person in charge said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his eyes lit up and he immediately said: "Is what you said true? Now we You really can’t use those two options?" Hu An can be said to be the last group of people to die in the battle. After dying in the battle, he had no time to watch the battle, and although he later entered the real illusion again, but the bloody battle Zong didn't fight that time, and he didn't choose other options, so he didn't know about this situation. Now that someone said this, he realized that there was such a thing. How could he do it? Not surprised.

The steward nodded and said: "It's true, it's absolutely true. I tried it myself once before, and it's true. Except for the option of watching the battle, we can't use other options, so if we really join now, the host If the Blood Killing Sect is killed, that’s not a bad thing for us.”

Hu An nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, then you go and inform the disciples, I will contact the Blood Killing Sect now, go ahead." The steward responded, then turned and left, waiting until they left After that, Hu An stood up immediately and walked out directly. He now had no worries about joining the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone below agreed that he had nothing to worry about. That's it for direct action.

Soon Hu An arrived at the edge of the basin, and Bai Yan knew the news of Hu An's arrival immediately. He directly used teleportation to arrive at the edge of the basin and waited for Hu An. As soon as he saw Hu An appear, He immediately bowed to Hu An and said, "I have seen Master Hu An. I don't know if Master is here this time, but what's the matter?"

Bai Yan has stayed in the Blood Killing Sect for a long time, and he is not used to talking in roundabout ways, so he directly asked the question he wanted to know the most. In his opinion, with Hu An and the others, really There is no need to be so polite. If they join the Blood Killing Sect in the future, there is no need to be polite to them. If they regret it and no longer want to join the Blood Killing Sect, then there is no need to be polite. You can just attack them directly.

Hu An saluted Bai Yan, and then said: "I have met Elder Bai. Elder Bai came to you this time because I have something to tell you. The Holy Lord told us before, our Sifang Tiger Lord Temple, since we have withdrawn from this test, we can now join the Blood Killing Sect. I wonder if you agree." Hu An also discovered that the people of the Blood Killing Sect seemed to be speaking inappropriately. He likes to be so polite, so he just says what he wants directly.

When Bai Yan heard what Hu An said, he was stunned at first, but then he said with great joy: "So it's this, okay, great, master, please wait a moment, I will report the news right away, I believe Elder Wen and the others are I won’t disagree.” After saying that, he directly connected Wen Wenhai with the magic circle.

Wen Wenhai also immediately connected to Bai Yan's communication. As soon as the connection was connected, he heard Bai Yan's voice saying: "Elder Wen, Master Hu An is in front of me now. He just came to tell me the news. He said that Saint Zun agreed, people like them from Sifang Hu Zun Temple who have withdrawn from the test can directly join the Blood Killing Sect. Ask us if we agree, do you agree?"