c7706 Decide

Eight hours later, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and the people from the Heavenly and Human Realm once entered a real illusion. At this time, the Blood Killing Sect had already fought against all the Tiger Lord Temples in all directions. They began to expand to the surrounding areas, following The method was the same as before. They planned to occupy the whole cross-section of the Heaven and Human Realm first, and then decided how to deal with it and advance north and south to take down the entire Heaven and Human Realm. This is what the Blood Killing Sect has always planned. The old method that has been used since.

Of course, it was the same this time. The Blood Killing Sect's army began to advance horizontally, and this time they advanced very smoothly, because there are only 109 temples in the Tianren Realm, and the number of people is not very large, so Their opponent here was only the Sifang Huzun Temple. After taking care of the Sifang Huzun Temple, they attacked horizontally and there were no enemies left. Therefore, the Blood Killing Zongmo advance was very smooth and no encounters were encountered. any enemy.

And they were not in a hurry. They first took down the cross-section of this space, and then established a base of their own. This base was equivalent to cutting this space in half with a knife. After doing this, time also passed. When they almost arrived, they exited the space directly.

But people in the world of gods and humans didn’t quite understand the methods of the Blood Killing Sect, so Emperor Shitian called everyone to the main hall of the Jade Buddha Temple at one time. After everyone arrived, Emperor Shitian Then he said to everyone: "Everyone, tell me, what is the Blood Killing Sect doing now? Why didn't they attack today? What did they think?"

These people, because they cannot activate the spectator mode, they cannot fully understand the intention of the Blood Killing Sect, which is why they feel so puzzled, but Hu An and the others know it, so Hu An just stood up He stood up and said to Emperor Shitian: "Holy Lord, although the Blood Killing Sect did not attack today, their actions are more terrifying than the attack. Today they have divided our heaven and human world in two."

After saying that, Hu An carefully explained the actions of the Blood Killing Sect today to Di Shitian and the others. When he finished listening to his explanation, everyone in the hall took a breath. They knew the Blood Killing very well. What the Zong did was so powerful that it divided the whole space into two. Although they could still use the teleportation array to support each other, things like the teleportation array could be affected. It can be said that the Blood Killing Sect did this and the impact was too great. Yes, they have the upper hand strategically.

At this time, a host said angrily: "Shameless, the Blood Killing Sect is cheating. They have collected all the terrain of our heaven and human world before, and naturally they know that they will not encounter any enemies if they attack horizontally. That’s why they did this, dividing our world of heaven and humanity into two, this approach is too insidious and shameless.”

When they heard what he said, everyone was stunned, and then a hint of anger appeared on their faces. But at this time, Huhe said: "That's not the case. I look at the actions of the Blood Killing Sect. I'm afraid they have been using this method to deal with people from other interfaces. They use this method very well. Skilled, and I also discovered something, that is, in all places occupied by the Blood Killing Sect, they will install magic circles and plant some plants. At first, I didn't know what those plants were for. Later, I met an elder of the Blood Killing Sect in the Real Illusion, and I asked him what the Blood Killing Sect planted those plants for. They said those plants were war plants and could help them fight, and he was proud of them. He once said something, he said that all the places they had conquered in the Blood Killing Sect’s battles were their Blood Killing Sect’s territory, and they had never been taken back by anyone. When he said this, he was extremely proud, but But you can also hear that they have done this kind of thing before, so even if they don’t know the terrain of our heaven and earth, they will probably do the same thing."

Everyone was stunned. They didn't see the whole situation, so they didn't know what the Blood Killing Sect did. Now when they heard what Hu He said, they were all extremely surprised. The Blood Killing Sect could actually achieve this level. All the territories they occupied were actually equipped with magical formations and planted with war plants. Isn't this too powerful?

Emperor Shitian frowned and said: "Hu He, have you ever asked, how do they do this? How do they do it when they have to arrange magic formations on all the territory they fight? ? You must know that every magic circle is not so easy to arrange. If they want to set up magic circles on all their sites, the materials required are an unimaginable amount, not to mention all The magic circle needs to be debugged, and it will take even longer time. If it is not debugged, the magic circle will be useless, so what is the use of setting it up? Do the people of the Blood Killing Sect arrange the magic circle? , just to scare people?"

After hearing what Emperor Shitian said, everyone realized, yes, setting up a magic circle is not that easy. The layout of a magic circle requires a lot of debugging, and if you want to set up a magic circle, you need a magic circle. The production of talisman and array talisman requires an unimaginable number of materials. How could the Blood Killing Sect do it? Did they cheat by using real illusions?

Hu He said in a deep voice: "Replying to the Holy Lord, I have already asked. The elder of the Blood Killing Sect had a weird smile on his face. His smile was really weird. He seemed to want to tell me, but in the end Still holding back, he just told me that the Blood Killing Sect never had to worry about supplies, whether in the real illusion or outside the real illusion. As for their magic circle, it was even less important. There is nothing to worry about. Their formations are different from ours. Our formations are all a formation plate. If they are built directly on the ground, the ground must be flat, but theirs The magic circle is a metal ball, which can be placed directly on the ground. By the way, it is just like the small metal balls in the magic circle we use to enter the real illusion, but it is magnified many times. , it’s just more complicated.”

Upon hearing what he said, Emperor Shitian and the others were a little silent. They found that they really had no way to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect had now surpassed them in all directions, and they had no ability at all. The possibility of defeating the Blood Killing Clan left them with nothing else to say.

After a while, Emperor Shitian finally said: "Okay, don't be affected by the Blood Killing Sect. We must do our own things well. Even if we want to join the Blood Killing Sect, we must let the Blood Killing Sect's people , seeing our strength, as long as our strength is enough, then even if we join the Blood Killing Sect, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will look at us highly. On the contrary, if we are easily defeated by them, then If we join the Blood Killing Sect, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not look down upon us. You are all monks, and you should also know the mentality of monks. So what we have to do is to work hard to do our own thing well and let the Blood Killing Sect We cannot pass the test so easily. Anyway, we are in a real illusion and we will not really kill the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In this way, the two of us will not form any big hatred. If we can let them know our If our strength makes them admire us, then if we join the Blood Killing Sect, they will look down upon us."

When everyone thought about it, it was indeed the case. The place where they fought with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was a real illusion. The two sides were fighting life and death in it, and there would be no real dead people. At most, it would be regarded as a fight, carried out in advance. , it’s just a competition between disciples of the same sect, there won’t be any real mortal enmity, so there’s nothing to worry about.

And monks all admire the strong. If they perform well enough, they will definitely arouse the favor of those people. In the future, they will join the Blood Killing Sect, and their life will be easier. On the contrary, if they perform too poorly, then they will be in trouble in the future. When they return to the Blood Killing Sect, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may not think highly of them.

Emperor Shitian knew what they were thinking when he saw everyone's expressions. He smiled slightly and said: "Okay, just think about it. Let's go back and prepare well. Now the base of the Blood Killing Sect's side has been formed. If we attack by force, it will be difficult to break through their base and it will only increase our casualties. I am almost certain now that they will attack the northern area next and completely capture the northern territory. Then moving forward to the south, what we need to do next is to strengthen the defenses of the fourteen temples in the north. Next time we can enter the real illusion, we must first defend the fourteen temples in the north. The defensive formation has been built, and after the arrangements are made, we will fight an offensive and defensive battle with the people of the Blood Killer Sect. Don't think of us as the attacking party, we are the defensive party, and we must defend with all our strength. .”

Everyone responded, and Di Shitian nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's go back and get ready." Everyone responded, then saluted Di Shitian, then turned and left. , Hu An and the four of them also returned to their temples. Although several of their temples had withdrawn from the fighting, the daily life in the temple still had to be carried out, and life still had to be lived. They had to go back to preside over it. OK.

At this time, Emperor Shitian stopped Hu An and the four of them. He looked at Hu An and the four of them and said: "Hu An, after you go back, go meet the people of the Blood Killing Sect, just like the people of the Blood Killing Sect. He said that in the place they occupy in the real illusion, they can also move in here in the heaven and human world. Everyone, including you, can join the Blood Killing Sect now. This is also a way for us to show our sincerity. , we will do the same in the future, as long as they conquer the place, they will all be stationed there, and all those who died in the real illusion can join the Blood Killing Sect, go ahead."

When Hu An and the others heard what Emperor Shitian said, they couldn't help but be stunned. They really didn't expect that Emperor Shitian would make such a decision. This made them extremely surprised. Hu An immediately said: "Holy Lord , Isn’t this appropriate? We have already promised people from the Blood Killing Sect to join the Blood Killing Sect, is it still necessary to do this? "