c7709 question

When Hu An and the others heard what Wen Wenhai said, they all fell silent. After a while, Hu An finally said: "The Blood Killing Sect, it is indeed the Blood Killing Sect. The poor monk admires it." He really admired the Blood Killing Sect. People who admire not only the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, but also the broadmindedness and magnanimity of the Blood Killing Sect.

When they first joined the Blood Killing Sect, they were allowed to enter the Xuanwu Space, and they also prepared a place for them to live in. They also told them about their incarnations. The most important thing is that the people of the Blood Killing Sect, let them Dispersing people from their temples and re-sending people to their temples are all done openly, that is, I tell you openly that this is what I did. To be honest, this approach is better than the behind-the-scenes approach. The methods used were much better. He really admired the Blood Killer Sect's magnanimity.

Wen Wenhai didn't care, but said: "Forget it, let's not talk about it. You should familiarize yourself with the sect's rules first. As for the treatment of those disciples, they will be distributed to you soon. Don't worry. , I will arrange for people to help you lead the way, distribute things to you, and teach you how to use them. After you learn how to use them, you can go directly back to the world of heaven and humans. I think Venerable Emperor Shakti is also waiting now. Where's your news?" After saying that, he hugged a few people and turned around to leave.

Looking at Wen Wenhai's leaving figure, Hu An couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "I really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would be like this. I had already thought very highly of the Blood Killing Sect before. I thought the Blood Killing Sect was like this." It's already amazing to have something like a real illusion. After hearing about the treatment of the Blood Killing disciples, I really felt extremely envious. Every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has such treatment. How about that? Can it not be enviable? How can a sect like this defeat them? Our decision is really the right one."

Hu Jing said in a deep voice: "You are right, the situation of the Blood Killing Sect is indeed completely beyond our expectation. We must report this matter to the Holy Lord as soon as possible, so that the Holy Lord and the others can To make the most correct judgment, in my opinion, now the Holy Lord and the others should directly join the Blood Killing Sect. After joining the Blood Killing Sect, the test is the same. Don’t let the people of the Blood Killing Sect worry about this matter. It's bad, it won't do them any good."

Hu An and the others thought about it and nodded, but no one spoke. They also knew that this was very difficult. If Emperor Shitian agreed to join the Blood Killing Sect, he would definitely join the Blood Killing Sect, but let them do it now They all joined the Blood Killing Sect. This might be a little difficult, and they didn’t hold out much hope. However, they decided to report the situation of the Blood Killing Sect as soon as possible so that Emperor Shitian and the others knew that the Blood Killing Sect was How powerful the killing clan is, this will only benefit them, not harm them. As for whether to listen or not, it depends on Emperor Shitian.

Soon, the elders of the Blood Killing Sect came here to distribute the things they deserve to all the new members of the Blood Killing Sect, including incarnations, life races, and various tokens. At the same time, they also told them that they should How to improve the techniques, etc., everything was told to them.

Of course, the most important thing is to teach them how to use their external avatars and the light brain in their external avatars. Hu An and the others were extremely shocked after understanding the true function of their external avatars. When they learned about the existence of the external incarnation from Wen Wenhai, they were already extremely surprised, but they did not expect that the real role of the external incarnation was much greater than what Wen Wenhai said.

After they learned how to use the external incarnation, Hu An immediately asked the elder a question: "Elder Li, can we just use the external incarnation to return to the world of heaven and man? And only We need to give orders to the light brain in the external incarnation, and he will directly form a magic circle and send us back?"

Elder Li said with a smile: "Elder Hu An, you don't need to be so polite. You are right. If you want to return to the heaven and human world now, just tell your light brain, and he will do it for you directly. If you want to join the real illusion in the future, you can also directly use your external incarnation to enter the real illusion. It can be said that with the external incarnation, you don’t need to bring any magic circle with you, nor do you need to bring any magic circle with you. Any magic weapon, but if you have time in the future, it is best to learn the art of magic circle. Anyway, if you learn the art of magic circle in the real illusion, it will not take long to learn the magic circle. This technique will be very helpful to you."

Hu An and the others nodded in agreement, and then Elder Li said to them: "That's all I can teach you. If there is anything you don't understand, you can enter the real illusion to learn in the future. That way It will save more time. Elders, I will take my leave now." After saying that, he gave a fist to several people, then turned and left.

Hu An and the others also put their hands together as a salute. Then Hu An glanced at the other people and said in a deep voice: "What do you think? What should we do next?" He was really itching now and couldn't bear to enter right away. He went to the real illusion to learn some uses of the external incarnation, but he also knew that it was not appropriate to do so now. There were still many things waiting for them to do, so he asked such questions.

Hu Xiang said: "Go back to the Heaven and Human Realm immediately, and report the situation of the Blood Killing Sect to the Holy Lord immediately. The final decision depends on the Holy Lord himself." Hu An and the others also agreed. Nodding, this is indeed the most important thing for them to do now, but Hu Xiang immediately said: "But before leaving, we must say hello to Elder Wen. If we don't know anything, we will leave directly. , that’s a lot of disrespect.”

Several people also nodded, and then Hu An directly connected Elder Wen's communication. This was the first time for him to use the communication circle in this way. He felt very novel, so when he heard Wen Wenhai's voice, he also felt... Very happy, he immediately said to Wen Wenhai: "Hello, Elder Wen, we are going to go to the Heaven and Human Realm now. Is it okay?"

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "No problem, of course there is no problem. You can go to the Heaven and Human Realm at any time. We will not stop you. If we want to go back in the future, we can go back and there is no need to ask me for instructions." Wen Wenhai He also knew what Hu An and the others meant, but he really didn't care. Even if Emperor Shitian and the others regretted joining the Blood Killing Sect, it wouldn't matter. Anyway, they couldn't leave the Heavenly Realm. By then, they would all give up. Even if he killed him, he could still keep the secret of the Blood Killing Sect, so he really wasn't worried at all.

Hu An and the others were very grateful. After thanking Wen Wenhai, Hu An turned to the others and said, "Elder Wen agreed, and also said that if we want to return to the heaven and human world in the future, we can go back directly. "No need to ask him for instructions, let's go." He didn't say much, but it was obvious that he was very grateful for Wen Wenhai's actions.

The same goes for Hu Xiang and the other three, but now is not the time to sigh. They directly told Guang Nao that they were going to the Heavenly Realm. Soon Guang Nao gave them several choices. They could choose to go to the front line. From the radar ship, you can also go directly to any place in the Sifang Huzun Temple, it depends on how they choose.

Hu An and the others thought about it, and finally discussed it. They decided that it would be better to go to the radar ship first, meet Bai Yan and the others, and then enter the world of heaven and earth to meet Emperor Shitian. After all, they Now they are considered to be the official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It would be unreasonable if they entered the Heavenly Realm without meeting Baiyan, the frontline commander, so they went directly to the radar ship first.

After meeting Bai Yan, Hu An and the four of them arrived at Nan Hu Zun Temple. Then they sat directly in the teleportation array of Nan Hu Zun Temple and went directly to the Jade Buddha Temple to ask for an audience with Emperor Shakten. , this time Emperor Shitian did not see the four of them in the main hall, but directly called them to his meditation room.

When the four of them entered the Zen room and saluted to Di Shitian, Di Shitian directly asked them to sit down. Then Di Shitian looked at them with some confusion and said: "You should have officially joined the blood killing now. Are you okay? Why do you have time to come to me? But what's the matter? "

Hu An bowed to Emperor Shitian and said: "Holy Lord, we are here to talk to you about the Blood Killing Sect. Now we are the official disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and we have all obtained the Blood Killing Sect. The benefits, Holy Lord, I really don’t care about it. I was shocked when I saw it. We really didn’t expect that the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful.” The other three people all nodded, and they were really surprised. It was a shock.

Then Hu An directly told Di Shitian everything he saw and heard in the Blood Killing Sect. He also showed Di Shitian their incarnations and even demonstrated the magic of their incarnations. place, and Emperor Shitian has been watching with interest, but the more he looks back, the more solemn his face becomes. The strength of the Blood Killing Sect is indeed beyond his imagination. He is really I didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would be so powerful.

After Hu An and the others finished speaking, Di Shitian closed his eyes and didn't speak for a long time. Hu An and the others didn't speak either, but they all looked at Di Shitian, waiting for Di Shitian's question. They knew , Di Shitian must have something to ask them, so they waited for Di Shitian to ask.

After a while, Emperor Shitian opened his eyes. He glanced at the four people and said in a deep voice: "You said before that all the disciples in the Blood Killing Sect study Buddhism, and there is also a dedicated Buddhist sect in the Blood Killing Sect. Disciple, is this the case?" Emperor Shitian heard Hu An and the others say a lot before, but he still paid great attention to this matter because he remembered one thing, which was not a good thing for the Jade Buddha Temple. matter, so he decided to ask this as the first question. If this question is really what he thought, then it is really not a good thing for them to join the blood killing. If it is not done well, it will be given to them. Bring disaster!