c7705 discuss

When everyone in the Blood Killing Sect withdrew from the real illusion, they were still puzzled by this matter. Wen Wenhai even directly summoned all the elders of the Blood Killing Sect to the main hall, and waited until everyone After arriving, Wen Wenhai asked directly: "I wonder what everyone thinks about the fact that the monks here in the Heavenly Realm did not turn into monsters in the end? Why do I feel that things are a little abnormal?"

As soon as Wen Wenhai said this, everyone nodded, rolled their eyes and then said: "I also think this matter is very strange. Those monks are all monsters. It is impossible for them not to know that they have become Their true form is when they have the strongest fighting power, but none of those monks have transformed into their true form, which is really puzzling."

Chang Jun frowned and said: "I also think this matter is very strange. Could it be said that those monks can no longer transform into their true bodies? But isn't it the favorite form of many demon tribesmen to become their true bodies? They Why not become your own body? This is so weird."

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "If they really can't turn into their true form for some reason, then after they join our Blood Killing Sect, they won't be able to turn into their true form again. This actually has a negative impact on their strength. It will have a certain impact. Do you think this incident will have any impact on our Blood Killing Sect?"

Jiuling Lao said at this time: "I don't think this is possible. Although turning into the true body is the strongest fighting state of the demon clan, when training, the human body is actually the speed of training. It is the fastest. The ultimate state of a demon clan is actually to completely become a human being. To forget one’s identity as a demon clan and to lose the ability to become one’s true body. I think the demon clan here in the heaven and human world , it’s the right thing to do.”

Old Man Jiu Suan and the other members of the Monster Clan all nodded. As Monster Clan, they actually have the deepest feelings about this matter. The strongest fighting state of the Monster Clan is to become their true form, but Turning into their true form is actually of no benefit to their practice. Otherwise, why would the demon clan have to turn into humans? It is because the meridians in the human body are actually much more than those of the demon clan. More meridians means greater potential, and it also means that the speed of practice will be faster, so the demon clan has to practice to a certain level. Du, if he can become a human, he will turn into a human form, because this is one of their instincts.

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Elder Jiuling said, they were all stunned. Then they looked at Elder Jiuling and said, "Elder Jiuling, are you telling the truth? The ultimate state of the demon race is to turn into a human being, completely You turned into a human, but you can't change back? I thought that you turned into a human just for the convenience of communication, but it turns out there is another reason."

Jiuling Lao smiled bitterly and said: "If it is just for the convenience of communication, we don't have to do this at all. We can also talk in the form of the demon clan, why do we have to turn into human form? It's not because of the human form, in fact, it is the most The form is suitable for practice, so we turned into human form. When I was in the sea before, the reason why I existed in the form of my body is because in that form, I can directly enter the sleeping state, and the consumption is minimal. That’s not allowed.”

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "In this way, if these demon clans here in the heaven and human world are really unable to transform into human form, then their method of being unable to transform into human form will be very useful to us. Yes, you must know that whether it is the Sea Clan or other demon clans, there are still many people who cannot transform into human form. If they can get this method, it will be very important to them."

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "That's true. If we can really get this method, if nothing else, it will be a very powerful help to the sea clan. And I also took a look today. Those in the heaven and human world Although they have not turned into monsters, their fighting power is not weak, so their method is even more useful."

"Okay, great." Wen Wenhai suddenly said: "We must get this method. After all the people here in the Tianren Realm join the sect, let them tell them about this method. This method For our sect, it is really too important, we must get it."

And just when Wen Wenhai and the others were having a meeting to study the heaven and human world, those people from the heaven and human world were also having a meeting. Their meeting place was still in the main hall of the Jade Buddha Temple. Emperor Shitian was still sitting in the main hall. The other hosts were sitting in their seats, and at this time, Hu An and the four of them were telling everyone about the situation of today's battle.

"The blood-killing sect's battle formation technique is very powerful. When our disciples were paired with their battle formation technique, they immediately fell into passivity. In the end, they were all wiped out. In the end, those blood-killing sects who fought against us Masters, their strength is really strong, and they quickly wiped out all of us. Such strength is really surprising." Hu An said, he had already finished describing the entire battle process.

After he finished speaking, Emperor Shitian nodded, and then said, "Is there anything else you want to add?" He actually had a certain understanding of the fighting power of the Blood Killing Sect, and today's battle, He also saw it. He also entered the real illusion at that time. He was also watching this battle, but he just watched and did not take action. But because he did not die, he only stayed far away from the battlefield. Look, unlike those disciples who died in battle, they couldn't choose the mode.

Hu An immediately nodded and said: "Yes, there were some disciples who died fighting in the real illusion. After they returned to the real illusion, they found that they could no longer participate in the war, but there were more disciples in front of them. There are several options, you can watch the battle, you can train, you can also learn. When they choose the option of watching the battle, they can go back to the battlefield to watch the battle, and they can still watch the battle from different angles, or even just watch two people. You can also look at the battle situation on the entire battlefield. I heard that when I fought with Naxugang, there were many disciples watching the battle. They could see each other, but we people couldn't. them."

Upon hearing what Hu An said, Hu Jing and the others all nodded, and Hu Xiang said: "It is indeed true. Many disciples in my temple also said so. They were all very surprised and surprised. , but it also benefits them a lot, because he can learn a lot from our battles."

When the other hosts heard what they said, they all started discussing it. They really didn't expect that such a situation would happen. Emperor Shitian was also a little surprised, but he still waved his hand and told Hu An and the others returned to their seats.

After Hu An and the others returned to their seats, Di Shitian looked at the crowd and said, "What do you think of what Hu An and the others just said? Come and listen." Di Shitian now said Zhao Hai was already extremely impressed. He had also stayed at the Jade Buddha Temple for a long time. The Jade Buddha Temple was in the Wanshan Realm. Although it was not a top power, it was still a medium power and had inherited For some time, the way of practice in their temple has been the way of practice in the entire Wanshan world. Whether it is a big sect or a small sect, everyone practices almost the same way. There is nothing special about it. Everyone has the same way. Son.

But the Blood Killing Sect is completely different from those sects. Although Emperor Shitian still doesn't know how the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect practice, he can only look at the battle formations they use when fighting, plus their real illusions. , all of this overturned Emperor Shitian's understanding of a sect. He really didn't know how the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect usually practiced. He had never even thought about how such things could be done in the illusion. use.

It's no wonder that he has such an idea. Illusion has always had only one role in the world of cultivation, which is to trap enemies or kill them. I have never heard that illusions can also help people practice. Yes, and the effect is so obvious. This is something he had never thought of before.

But now the Blood Killing Sect has achieved this. Their real illusion is there. You don’t need to actually use it. Even if you just look at it, you can understand how much this real illusion helps the Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, Emperor Shizhen was extremely envious. He envied the Blood Killing Sect for having a real illusion. This thing could be said to be a revolutionary change for the world of cultivation. A sect with a real illusion would be better than a sect with an inner space. The sect of the magic weapon is much stronger.

The other hosts in the hall really didn't know what to say at this time. After a while, one of the hosts stood up and said to Emperor Shitian: "Holy Lord, I think our decision to join the Blood Killing Sect, It’s absolutely correct. The strength of the Blood Killing Sect must be stronger than we imagined. If we don’t join the Blood Killing Sect, then our inheritance will probably be cut off by the Blood Killing Sect. So I think, we It is absolutely right to join the Blood Killing Sect.”

Everyone else also nodded. No one thought there was anything wrong with what he said. Looking at their looks, Emperor Shitian couldn't help but smile bitterly. To be honest, he really didn't expect this to be like this. Before He just felt that Zhao Hai was extremely powerful, so he surrendered to the Blood Killing Sect, but now he felt even more how terrifying the Blood Killing Sect was.

The horror of the Blood Killing Sect is not only because of Zhao Hai, but also because of the strength of the Blood Killing Sect. As the host said before, he now feels that he is really extremely lucky that they have joined the Blood Killing Sect, and It is not that they are enemies of the Blood Killing Sect. If they were really enemies of the Blood Killing Sect, I am afraid that they would all be dead by now, and their inheritance would have been cut off by the people of the Blood Killing Sect long ago. This is the most terrifying thing.

When he thought of this, Emperor Shitian couldn't help but let out a long breath, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, no matter what you think, this test must be completed. Fortunately, we will not suffer any casualties. Let us pass this test to better understand the combat effectiveness of the Blood Killing Sect."