c7708 join in

Wen Wenhai was confused by the news. He was stunned at first, and then he realized it immediately. He was about to agree, but he hesitated because now, although people from the heaven and human world agree to join the blood However, they still have not joined the Blood Killing Sect. It seems that they still have some hesitation about joining the Blood Killing Sect, which makes Wen Wenhai a little unsure. idea, so he did not immediately respond to Bai Yan's words, but thought about it for a while, and then said: "Old Bai, please wait a moment, I will report this matter to the boss immediately. This matter must be handled by the boss It's up to you to decide." After saying that, he immediately hung up the communication without waiting for a reaction.

Although Bai Yan heard Wen Wenhai hang up the communication, he still didn't say anything and just stood there waiting quietly. At this time, Hu An felt a little uneasy in his heart, but he didn't show it, just calmly Standing there, waiting for Baiyan's reply, no matter what, the two of them are persons with status, and they cannot have any unnecessary reactions.

At this time, Wen Wenhai directly connected to Zhao Hai's communication array. Of course, Wen Wenhai had a way to contact Zhao Hai, but usually he would not contact Zhao Hai directly, but now this matter But it was a relatively big matter that had to be decided by Zhao Hai himself, so he contacted Zhao Hai directly.

Fortunately, as soon as he contacted Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai immediately connected his magic circle, and he heard Zhao Hai's voice: "Wen Hai, what's the matter?" Zhao Hai's voice was very loud. Calm, but there was a hint of fatigue in it, which puzzled Wen Wenhai. He didn't know what could make Zhao Hai feel tired.

But this was not the time to think about this matter. He immediately said: "Boss, there is news from Lao Bai. Hu'an from Sifang Huzun Temple has just received news that Emperor Shitian agrees. Those of them who have died in the real illusion and have completed this test can directly join our Blood Killing Sect, do you agree?"

Zhao Hai was stunned, and then said in a deep voice: "Tell Bai Yan, if they allow our Blood Killing Sect's army to station in their Sifang Huzun Temple territory, then directly agree to allow them to join the Blood Killing Sect, and let them directly join the Blood Killing Sect." Enter the Xuanwu Space and give them the treatment as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Even if they want to prevent the Xuanwu Space from opening, they can agree to it after contacting Emperor Shitian and the others. If they do not agree to the entry of our Blood Killing Sect’s army into their territory. Territory, forget it, let’s wait until we pass this test.”

Wen Wenhai responded, and Zhao Hai asked him again if he had anything else to do. After receiving a negative answer, Zhao Hai hung up the communication directly. Wen Wenhai could tell that Zhao Hai seemed to be really tired, which made him even more puzzled. With Zhao Hai's strength, what else could make Zhao Hai feel tired?

Of course he doesn't know that Zhao Hai is currently studying those Buddhist arrays, and has already asked him to study many Buddhist arrays. The reason why he studies Buddhist arrays so seriously is because he discovered that this Buddhist array , it seems to be more convenient for stimulating and using the Buddha's power, and it also has a certain blessing effect, but if this is really the case, in the future, with the blessing of this magic circle, the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle will On their weapons, Fo's power will be more abundant, and then they will be able to deal with the Shadow Clan more easily.

Wen Wenhai didn't have time to think about this. He immediately replied to Bai Yan and said what Zhao Hai said directly. After listening to Wen Wenhai's words, Bai Yan immediately replied: "Okay, I understand." After finishing, he turned to Hu An and said: "Master Hu An, I wonder if the members of our Blood Killing Sect can be stationed in the Sifang Huzun Temple after you join our Blood Killing Sect?"

Hu An nodded and said: "Of course, we have joined the Blood Killing Sect, then you can naturally station yourself in the Sifang Huzun Temple. In fact, if it weren't for this test, all of us in the Heavenly and Human Realm would , can directly join the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect can now enter anywhere in the heaven and human world, but for this test, we can only wait. After the test, the people of the Blood Killing Sect will , can you truly enter the world of heaven and humans."

When Bai Yan heard what Hu An said, he immediately smiled and said: "Okay, then there is no problem. Everyone in the Sifang Huzun Temple can directly join our Blood Killing Sect, and you can enjoy our blood." All the benefits for the disciples of the Killing Sect. If you are willing to follow me to the Xuanwu Space of our Blood Killing Sect now, there will be no problem. Even if you go to the Xuanwu Space, you can still contact the people in the heaven and human world. There won’t be any problems.”

Hearing what Bai Yan said, Hu An was completely relieved. He bowed to Bai Yan, and then said: "Amitabha, thank you Elder Bai. Elder Bai, you can now organize people to enter our Sifang Huzun Temple. Yes, but our Sifang Huzun Temple has been established for many years, and I hope you will not destroy anything in the temple."

When Bai Yan heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Master, don't worry about this. From now on, Sifang Huzun Temple will be part of our Blood Killing Sect. Of course we will not destroy anything in Sifang Huzun Temple." , after the master returns, tell the disciples of Sifang Huzun Temple that our army will be stationed soon, please don't be afraid, we are a family now and will never hurt them."

Hu An saluted Baiyan and then said, "Amitabha, thank you very much, Elder Bai. Elder Bai is kind enough to excuse me. I have to go back and make some arrangements." After saying that, he turned away and Baiyan watched Hu An leave. As soon as his body moved, he immediately returned to the radar ship. His speed was much faster than Hu An.

As soon as he returned to the radar ship, Bai Yan immediately said to Gu Yuanzheng and the others: "Hu An just said that those of them who died in the real illusion have withdrawn from this test. We will join our Blood Killing Sect now." , the sect master also agreed, we can now take over the territory of Sifang Huzun Temple and let the disciples move in. By the way, remember, tell the disciples that now the people in Sifang Huzun Temple are all our own people. Okay, let them stop messing around."

When Gu Yuanzheng and the others heard what he said, they were stunned at first, but then they were delighted. Gu Yuanzheng immediately said: "Okay, great. Sifang Huzun Temple has given up its territory. This means that they are indeed He sincerely wants to join our Blood Killing Sect, which is definitely good news for us, well, it’s really great.”

At this time, Bai Yan nodded to a staff officer next to him. The staff officer responded excitedly, then turned around and ran away. He understood what Bai Yan meant. Bai Yan asked him to directly arrange for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to go. Of course he was excited to take over the territory of Sifang Huzun Temple.

Then orders were issued one after another. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were very excited when they received the order. They immediately prepared, and then the army drove directly into the territory of Sifang Huzun Temple. , but they did not act too arrogantly. The army just lined up and entered the territory of Sifang Huzun Temple directly.

Soon, the army entered the Sifang Huzun Temple. Hu An and the others were all ready. They led all the disciples in the temple to greet the Blood Killing Sect's army in front of the temple gate. This time, the entry was very smooth. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect performed very well. They did not enter the Sifang Huzun Temple, but directly found a place to camp outside the Sifang Huzun Temple.

Later, Hu An and the others formally met Wen Wenhai. After Wen Wenhai asked for their opinions, he directly asked everyone in the Sifang Huzun Temple to enter the Xuanwu Space, where he divided their territory among them and allowed them to Re-establish the temple and at the same time give them the treatment they deserve as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

But Wen Wenhai directly made an agreement with Hu An and the others. Although the people from Sifang Huzun Temple joined the Blood Killing Sect, the disciples of Sifang Huzun Temple could not all stay in their new temple. They would After being dispersed and assigned to other branches, the Blood Killing Sect would also send some disciples to enter their temple. This was adding sand to the matter, but Hu An and the others didn't say anything. They had already thought of this.

What Hu An and the others didn't expect was that there were actually Buddhist disciples here in the Blood Killing Sect. This time, the Blood Killing Sect divided a large area for them and built a large temple. The temple has also become one temple, and its name is Huzun Temple. Although some of the new disciples of the Blood Killing Sect who joined their temple are not monks, they are also very knowledgeable about Buddhism. This is Hu'an Something they didn't expect.

Later, Hu An and the others found out that in the Blood Killing Sect, almost everyone had studied Buddhism, and all the disciples had studied Buddhism. Zhao Hai had studied Buddhism very well, and was even better than them. This made Hu An and the others felt more at ease and at the same time happier.

Then they learned about the treatment of some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. When they knew that each of the Blood Killing Sect disciples had several lives, they were really surprised. They did not expect that the Blood Killing Sect could actually To achieve this level, it also made them very curious. Hu An couldn't help but ask Wen Wenhai, who had been accompanying them: "Elder Wen, I am very curious. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really do it every day?" If everyone has five lives, then why in the real illusion, when fighting with us, as long as a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect dies in battle, will he immediately exit the real illusion?"

In fact, the reason why Hu An asked this was because he didn't quite believe Wen Wenhai's statement that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had several lives. He really couldn't imagine that every disciple of a sect had multiple lives. Five lives, what kind of situation would that be, that's why he asked, he really didn't believe it.

When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "In the real illusion, we are just to complete the test, not a life and death fight. There is no need to do that. Let more disciples feel the feeling of war. , wouldn't it be better? There is no need to resurrect them in the real illusion."