c7702 reality

After reading the introduction, Hu An immediately walked out of his meditation room. He took a look outside and found that everything outside was exactly the same as that of his Nan Hu Zun Temple. This made Hu An couldn't help but become more curious. He couldn't help but walk to a tree in the yard and gently touched the tree with his hand. When his hand touched the tree, the touch was the same as when he touched the real tree. It was exactly the same, which made him couldn't help but take his hand back, and then looked around suspiciously. He really couldn't believe it. Could it be that this was really an illusion, wasn't it his Nanhu Temple?

Then Hu An thought that he could exit the real illusion directly now. As long as he controlled the time within four hours, there would be no problem. Moreover, the flow rate of time here is ten times that of the outside world. That is to say, they stay here for forty hours every day. If he exits now and then comes in, although it will waste some time, it will make him feel more at ease and let him understand that he is indeed in the real world. Fantasy. .

Thinking of this, Hu An immediately chose to quit. He quit standing in the yard. He just wanted to see if he would return to his meditation room after quitting, because according to reports, he just His spirit entered the real room, but his body actually remained motionless in his meditation room.

Just when Hu An was thinking about quitting, he felt his eyes blur. The next moment, he found that he seemed to wake up suddenly. He was stunned for a moment, and then he slowly opened his eyes and found that he had indeed woken up. He was in his Zen room, and his door was indeed closed.

Hu An immediately stood up, opened the door and walked out. The courtyard was quiet and no one could be seen. Hu An was not surprised by this situation. He knew that those disciples should have entered the real world. In the illusion, he still walked to the courtyard where a disciple lived. Then he looked into the courtyard and found that there was no one in the courtyard. He pushed the door and walked in. Then he opened a door and found that the room was indeed There was a disciple sitting there, holding a magic circle in his hand, as if he was asleep, sitting there quietly, motionless.

When he saw this situation, Hu An couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He was finally sure that the people of the Blood Killing Sect didn't lie to him. When he thought of this, he couldn't help but get excited, and he immediately returned to his meditation room. , and then picked up a magic circle at one time, and then input spiritual power. The next moment he found that he had returned to the real illusion, and the place he appeared this time was actually the same place he left before, which was Nanhu Temple. in his courtyard, not his Zen room.

He glanced around and found that many disciples were already walking around. When these disciples saw Hu An, they all saluted to Hu An. Hu An also saluted to them, and then he immediately returned to the meditation room. Here, because he wanted to see if the magic circle in his meditation room could still be used. You must know that he had seen the introduction before. The introduction said that although the real illusion here is an illusion, everything is It's true, and it's precisely because of this that he is even more curious.

When he returned to the meditation room, he found the magic circle there. Then he immediately wrote a note and put it on the teleportation array. The next moment he activated the teleportation array, and then a white light flashed, and the note He disappeared, which surprised Hu An even more, but he still waited there quietly, waiting for Emperor Shitian's reply.

Soon, a white light flashed in the teleportation array, and a piece of paper appeared on it. He immediately picked up the note, looked at it carefully, he immediately put away the note, and then quickly walked out of the room. He arrived at the teleportation array in the temple, and then went directly onto the teleportation array. The next moment, a white light flashed, and he had appeared on the teleportation array of the Jade Buddha Temple.

He glanced around and found that some people appeared in other teleportation formations from time to time. These people were all the abbots of various temples. This surprised Hu An even more, but they still walked quickly towards Walking into the main hall of the Jade Buddha Temple, when he arrived at the main hall, he found that there were already many people in the main hall. Everyone was sitting there quietly, and in the innermost part of the main hall, the huge jade statue There is a person sitting under the Buddha, it is Emperor Shakti.

Emperor Shitian was sitting there with his eyes closed, as if he didn't care about the outside world. Hu An didn't say anything and just found a place to sit down. Then more and more hosts came. When we got here, the hall was soon filled with people.

After everyone sat down, Emperor Shitian opened his eyes. He glanced around, and then said: "Okay, everyone is here, let me talk about the current situation. Now we are in the real world." We are in an illusion, and the real illusion is an illusion specially prepared by the Blood Killing Sect in order to complete this test. Here, even if we die in battle, we will not really die. It can be said that this is the most suitable A place to complete the test.”

Everyone nodded. Di Shitian looked at everyone and said with a slight smile: "I wonder how many of you exited the real illusion and went outside to see it after you woke up?" It seemed that he had already guessed that there must be some. Many people, after waking up, did not believe the illusion here, so they simply exited the illusion and went outside to see it.

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone was stunned, and then more than half of the people raised their hands. Seeing this, Emperor Shitian couldn't help but smile, then he pressed it with his hands, and waited until everyone put it down. After taking their hands, he smiled and said: "I have told everyone a long time ago that Zhao Hai, the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, is extremely powerful. We don't need to look at it at all. If Zhao Hai really just wants to kill us If so, he wouldn't have to expend so much effort. With his strength, it would be easier to kill us directly than to trap us in this way and then kill us, so you don't have to doubt anything at all. But you might as well go take a look, what’s the result?”

Everyone was silent. Emperor Shitian knew the answer by looking at them. He didn't say anything, but said: "Okay, from now on, our battle with the Blood Killing Sect will begin. Now, everyone must be prepared when they go back. Hu An, the four of you are the first to face the enemy, so when you go back, you must be prepared. The same goes for everyone else. Just as we said before, Everyone uses low resistance at every level and must block the Blood Killing Sect’s attack.”

Everyone responded with a roar, and then they all stood up, saluted to Di Shitian, then turned and left. Looking at the backs of these people leaving, Di Shitian couldn't help but smile bitterly and murmured: "Blood The Killing Sect has such a sharp weapon, so what else can be compared to it? Let them know how powerful the Blood Killing Sect is. In the future, they will not feel any grievances when they join the Blood Killing Sect. This may be more beneficial to them. Good thing." After saying that, he slowly closed his eyes.

At this time, I heard a voice coming from the sky: "All disciples in the heaven and human world listen, all disciples in the heaven and human world listen, during the forty hours of entering the real illusion for the first time, Our Blood Killing Sect will not attack. These forty hours are left for you to familiarize yourself with the situation in the real illusion. The next moment you enter the real illusion is when the war officially begins."

This voice was announced three times, and even Emperor Shitian heard this voice. After hearing this voice, he couldn't help but sigh and murmured: "It's really a lot of painstaking efforts. For such a person, I, Emperor Shitian, can't help but sigh." Is there any reason not to surrender?" After saying that, he stopped talking.

Hu An and the others also heard this voice. They were overjoyed when they heard this voice. They had just entered the real illusion and were still very unfamiliar with everything here. Now the Blood Killing Sect is willing to give them time to adapt. That was of course the best, so after Hu An returned to the temple, he immediately organized the disciples and began to make adjustments.

But they soon discovered that their worries were indeed somewhat unnecessary, because they did not have to adapt at all, because this place was exactly the same as the outside world. The weapons they used, the moves they used, the power of the moves, and even the terrain here, Everything is exactly the same as the outside world. If they were not sure now that they were indeed in a place called the real illusion, they would simply think that they were in the world of heaven and humans.

Hu An naturally discovered this situation. After discovering this situation, Hu An couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, and then he said: "With such strength, we really have no way to compare with the Blood Killing Sect, but this way That’s fine, no one will really die anyway, just treat it as a trial.”

The fact is that not only Hu'an, but almost all the smart people in the Heavenly Realm understand this truth. This place is exactly the same as the outside. Just to create such a place, it takes a lot of effort and effort. How strong must they be to do this? Just because of this, they can't compare with the Blood Killing Sect. In fact, there is no need to fight this battle at all. They have already lost.

However, they still want to compare with the people of the Blood Killing Sect to see how strong the people of the Blood Killing Sect are, so all of them are working hard to adapt to the situation in the real fantasy world. It can also be said that they are preparing for the war carefully. They know they will lose, but they don't want to lose too badly.

Soon, forty hours passed. At the forty hour, I heard a voice from the air saying: "When the login time is up, everyone will be forced to log out. Count down to the tenth hour." , ten, nine, eight... three, two, one." As the last word came out, everyone felt their eyes blur, and the next moment they felt as if they had slept and just woke up. .

When they opened their eyes, they realized that they were sitting in their own room. Everyone felt a little stiff. They all stood up and moved their bodies. Then they looked around and followed them. After calculating the time, they found that they had indeed entered the real illusion for four hours, which made them sigh.