c7701 Enter

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. Bai Yan and the others arrived at the edge of the basin. They were waiting for Hu An. If Hu An did not come out, they would ask for an explanation. Of course, Bai Yan believed that the other party would not mess around. Yes, they have seen the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, and they should also know the strength of Zhao Hai. Moreover, Emperor Shitian seems to be a really accomplished monk. People like him should not mess around. of.

Not long after Bai Yan arrived, Hu An flew over from a distance. This time he didn't take the Zen staff, but flew over alone. The two sides stopped about ten meters apart. Bai Yan looked at Hu An and pointed at Hu An. An clasped his fists and said with a smile: "I have met Master Hu An. I didn't know that Master Hu An is coming today, but what good news can you tell me?"

Hu An rolled his eyes and saluted, and then said in a deep voice: "The Holy Lord has informed everyone that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can now record the terrain of the entire heaven and human world. No one will have any hostility towards you. Please Don't worry, everyone." Hu An really wants to see what Zhao Hai and the others want to do. They have always been suspicious of the Blood Killing Sect's methods. They don't know what the Blood Killing Sect's people want. How can we really do it and pass this test without any casualties.

Bai Yan cupped his fist at Hu An and said in a deep voice: "Thank you, Master. Master, this is what the sect master asked me to give to you. Here is the magic circle that we will give you the answer to. Master, please remember that everyone must send one , when you hear the notification from the magic circle to activate the magic circle, you can directly input energy into the magic circle, so that the magic circle can be activated, and then you will naturally know that there is no danger at all. Now, this time the test is completed.”

As Bai Yan spoke, he took a space bag and handed it to Hu An. Hu An took the space bag, then opened it and found that the space bag contained countless magic circles. Each magic circle looked like They are not very big, only about the size of a palm, and they all look very complicated.

Hu An closed the space bag again, then turned around and rolled his eyes, then said solemnly: "Donor, I want to know what this magic circle is for. Didn't he prepare it just to trap us?" "This is what Hu An and the others are most worried about. Although Emperor Shitian has always believed that the Blood Killing Sect would not do this, because Zhao Hai is very powerful and there is no need to do this, so he has always believed that the Blood Killing Sect will not do this. People who kill clans would not do this, but Hu An is still a little uneasy.

When Bai Yan heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned, but then he smiled slightly and said: "Master is joking, do we need to do that? After all, this magic circle is in your hands, they are relying on you The aura is activated, and when you withdraw the aura, it will naturally lose its effect, so what do you have to worry about?"

When Hu An heard what Bai Yan said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help but smile slightly and whispered the Buddha's name: "Amitabha, the poor monk said the wrong thing. Please don't take offense if I go back. After all, There are quite a few of us here in the Celestial Realm, so take your leave." After saying that, he bowed to Bai Yan and turned around to leave.

Baiyan looked at Hu An's back and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "This monk is very interesting." After saying that, he moved back to the radar ship, and then he immediately connected to Wen Wenhai. After Wen Wenhai heard Hu An say that the other party had promised them to collect the territory of the Heaven and Human Realm, he felt relieved. Then he immediately gave the order for the Blood Killing Sect disciples who had been prepared to drive straight away. He went to the Blood Killing Battle Fort to collect the terrain of the Heaven and Human Realm. However, to be on the safe side, he asked Ding Chunming and others to sit in the Blood Killing Battle Fort to prevent any unexpected situations from happening.

At this time, Hu An had also arrived at the Jade Buddha Temple to meet Emperor Shitian. Emperor Shitian also took a look at the magic circle, and then he directly put away the magic circle, and then asked Hu An, After handing over all the other magic formations to other people, he believed in Zhao Hai more than Hu An and the others.

Time passed little by little, and in the following few days, the people of the Blood Killing Sect had been collecting the terrain of the Celestial Realm, and it went very smoothly, because no one from the Celestial Realm attacked them. , they naturally went very smoothly. In the world of gods and humans, almost everyone has received a magic circle, but they found that the magic circle cannot be activated now. Some people want to activate the magic circle, but find that it is impossible.

However, the people here in the Heavenly Realm took a higher look at the people of the Blood Killing Sect, because they found that although the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle was very small, it was very complicated. Not only did the formation look complicated, there were actually several small metal spheres inside the formation, and those metal spheres seemed to have more meaning, which surprised them even more, and also made them understand that blood Sha Zong was on top of the magic circle and was already far ahead of them.

Although they also discovered that the magic circle system they used was completely different from that of the Blood Killing Sect, but when they looked at the complexity of the magic circle, they knew that in this regard, they There is no way to compare with the Blood Killing Sect, which naturally makes them admire the Blood Killing Sect even more.

Time passed bit by bit, and seven days passed in the blink of an eye. During these seven days, the Blood Killing Sect’s Blood Killing Battle Fort collected all the terrain of the Heaven and Human World, and the Heaven and Human World Here, everyone has an extra magic circle in their hands, and they will undergo this test next.

The people here in the Heavenly Realm are even more curious now. They really want to know what method the Blood Killing Sect used to pass this test. Hu'an also represents the people here in the Heavenly Realm, I had contact with Byakugan a few times, but the two of them didn't talk much.

After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have collected all the terrain in the Heavenly Realm, all they have to do is wait, because no one of them can control the real illusion. The only one who can control it is Zhao Hai, so they They can only wait. As long as Zhao Hai says it's okay, they can pass this test.

Zhao Hai has also been paying attention to the situation outside, but he spent more time studying the Buddhist formations. Now that he saw that the terrain has been collected, he immediately started to generate another illusion in the real illusion. , Zhao Hai wanted to place this test battlefield in the illusion of the heaven and human world, and collect the terrain here in order to make this illusion of the heaven and human world the same as the real illusion of the heaven and human world, so he That's why.

The illusion of the Celestial Realm to be made this time is very huge. Once the illusion of the Celestial Realm is completed, they can use it for a long time, and it can even be used as a training ground for them to train for large-scale battles in the future. , so Zhao Hai made it very carefully.

It took Zhao Hai three full days to complete the entire illusion. After it was completed, Zhao Hai took a deep breath. Then he took out a magic circle and said to the magic circle. : "All Blood Killing Sect disciples, all Heavenly and Human World disciples, listen. After I count to one hundred, everyone inputs spiritual energy into the magic circle at the same time. All Blood Killing Sect disciples, all Heavenly Human World disciples, listen, After I counted to one hundred, everyone input the spiritual energy into the magic circle at the same time."

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and the people in the Heaven and Human Realm heard this announcement. After hearing the sound coming from the magic circle, the people in the Heaven and Human Realm were all stunned before they could react. When I arrived, I heard the sound of countdown coming from the magic circle.

Fortunately, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect knew what was going on, but the people in the Heavenly and Human Realm were really confused. They really didn't know what happened, so they started to ask, However, the final order was that everyone must input spiritual energy into the magic circle when the countdown was completed.

After receiving this order, the people in the heaven and human world had no choice but to do it. Everyone stared at the magic circle, quietly listening to the voices in the magic circle, and listening to him counting down word by word. , His speed is not very fast, but it is not slow either, but to everyone's ears, it feels very slow. Everyone hopes that he will finish counting faster.

Finally, after the voice counted down, everyone input their spiritual energy into the magic circle at the same time. The next moment, a white light rose from the magic circle, covering him directly, and they all closed their eyes involuntarily. After opening their eyes, they found that they seemed to be still in their own room, but what surprised them was that the magic circle in their hands had disappeared.

They all looked at their hands with some confusion, wondering where the magic circle had gone. At this moment, they suddenly discovered that a piece of green light appeared in front of them, and the green light quickly formed words. They After taking a closer look, they found that this text was also an introduction. This made them all stunned, but they immediately read the introduction.

After they finished reading, they realized what was going on. It turned out that they had now reached a place called the Real Illusion. Their real bodies were still in their rooms, and this was just an illusion that their spirits had entered. , but the situation here is exactly the same as that in the Heaven and Human Realm. Everyone in the Heaven and Human Realm, all the terrain, and all the buildings, all appeared here. This is where they fought against the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Here After they die in battle, their mental power will automatically return to their bodies, and they will not have any accidents. And they only have four hours every day to stay here. The rest of the time, they will still Stay in the world of gods and humans.

After seeing the introduction to the real illusion, the people in the heaven and human world understood why Zhao Hai was so confident and said that they would be able to complete this test without any casualties. It turned out that The reason is here. To be honest, when they saw this introduction, they admired the Blood Killing Sect even more.