c7718 thought

However, Wen Wenhai has nothing to worry about, because they have not agreed to those people returning to secular life, so there is still room for buffering, so he nodded and said: "I know about this matter. After discussing it with other elders, , decided not to agree with the actions of those disciples. Those disciples had just joined our Blood Killing Sect from the heaven and human world. They may have been affected by the new things in our Blood Killing Sect. From then on, I had such an impulse. I actually don’t agree with their approach, so I didn’t agree.”

Hu An nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I came to see you today, Elder Wen, just for this matter. Elder Wen, I hope you can agree to their request and allow them to return to secular life." Hu An was very clear. The sooner this matter is resolved, the better. The sooner it is resolved, the more beneficial it will be for him. That's why he came to Wen Wenhai as soon as he returned to the Blood Killing Sect.

Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that Hu An would say such a thing. He couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help but frowned and said: "Elder Hu An, why did you agree to those disciples returning to secular life? You should also know that in the bloody killing Here in the sect, there is actually no difference between returning to secular life. If they remain Buddhist disciples, wouldn't it be the same practice?" Wen Wenhai was really unsure about Hu An's intentions, so he tested I asked again.

Hu An shook his head and said in a deep voice: "Elder Wen also said that they have not yet returned to the secular world. In fact, they have no impact on our Blood Killing Sect, but they are all monsters, and the wild nature in their bodies has awakened. , so they want to fight, and then they want to return to secular life. Although they can also participate in fighting in Buddhism, Buddhist disciples, in addition to the sect's rules, still have their own precepts, which is very important to them. It is also a kind of constraint. If they are unable to return to the secular world, it will become a knot in their hearts in the future. This is very detrimental to them, so let them return to the secular world. This will be good for them and for them. We all have benefits."

Wen Wenhai looked at Hu An and said: "Elder Hu An, letting those disciples return to secular life is actually a small matter, just a sentence. I am not very worried, but this matter is of great concern, especially for Tian For people in the human world, the relationship is even more important. Currently, Venerable Emperor Shitian has not officially joined the Blood Killing Sect. If we let those disciples return to secular life now, what will Venerable Emperor Shiva think? That’s why I am very Worry about that."

Wen Wenhai had almost guessed it. Hu An went to see Emperor Shitian today. After meeting Emperor Shitian, he agreed to those disciples returning to secular life. From this point of view, this matter must have been approved by Emperor Shitian. Shi Tian agreed, but he was still ready to give it a try to see if Hu An would tell him the truth.

When Hu An heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately said: "Elder Wen, don't worry about this. We went to see the Holy Lord today, and the Holy Lord also agreed to those disciples returning to secular life, and the Holy Lord was also very satisfied. It is clear that those disciples are all monsters. If they keep suppressing their wild nature, it will not be of any benefit to them. Moreover, the Holy Lord also said that we have joined the Blood Killing Sect, and they have returned to secular life. To put it bluntly, , they are still in the same sect, so it doesn’t matter, you don’t need to worry about this at all.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he took a deep look at Hu An, then he cupped his fists at Hu An and said: "Okay, I understand what you all mean, then I will give the order now to let the Buddhist disciples in the sect , if anyone wants to return to the secular world, they can return to the secular world, but returning to the secular world is returning to the secular world, and the branch they are currently in will not change. Some may make some adjustments, but some will not."

Hu An stood up, bowed to Wen Wenhai and said, "Amitabha, thank you very much, Elder Wen, for helping me. This poor monk will no longer disturb Elder Wen. I will leave." When Wen Wenhai heard what he said, he also hurriedly He stood up, saluted him, and sent him out of the room. The two of them said goodbye and left directly.

As soon as Hu An left, Wen Wenhai immediately invited Chang Jun and Zhu Yong into the room. As soon as they arrived in his room, Wen Wenhai immediately said to them: "Hu An came to see me just now. I said, Emperor Shakti approved those disciples to return to secular life, what do you think about this matter?"

Chang Jun and Zhu Yong knew about the disciples of the heaven and human world returning to secular life, so Wen Wenhai didn't say anything to them. As long as Emperor Shitian was mentioned, they would immediately understand when he mentioned returning to secular life. What was he talking about, so Wen Wenhai was not afraid that they would not understand, so he told the matter directly.

Chang Jun and Zhu Yong were both stunned when they heard what Wen Wenhai said. Then Chang Jun couldn't help but frowned and said: "Agree? Or did Emperor Shitian agree? This matter is a bit weird. Ordinarily, this matter, Emperor Shaktian shouldn't have agreed. How can he agree now? Weird, do they have other ideas?"

Zhu Yong also frowned, and after a while he finally said: "Their reaction was indeed a bit strange. I originally thought they would not agree, but I didn't expect that they actually agreed directly. They should also have thought that This disciple's return to secular life has something to do with us, right? How could he agree to it?"

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I heard that Emperor Shitian said that they are all members of the Blood Killing Sect. Even if they return to the secular world, they are still members of the Blood Killing Sect. There is nothing special about it. Just return to the secular world. But I I have some doubts about his words, and I always feel that their attitude changes too quickly."

Chang Jun also nodded. He also felt that the attitudes of those people changed too quickly. But it was Zhu Yong. He thought about it and said in a deep voice: "Come to think of it, I still know something about this matter. Originally, Emperor Shitian might have been a little unconvinced about joining our Blood Killing Sect, but after Hu An and the others joined our Blood Killing Sect, they felt that our Blood Killing Sect was good and thought that they would join our Blood Killing Sect. , there is nothing wrong with it. They even don’t want to be enemies with our Blood Killing Sect from the bottom of their hearts. They even want to persuade Emperor Shitian not to be the enemy of the Blood Killing Sect. Now Emperor Release Tian’s attitude Do you think the sudden change has something to do with Hu An and the others? If it has something to do with Hu An and the others, then the matter will be explained."

When Wen Wenhai heard what Zhu Yong said, he couldn't help but raise his eyebrows. He said solemnly: "The Emperor Shitian has met the leader. He should also know some of the strength of our Blood Killing Sect. In this situation Come on, why is he not convinced about joining our Blood Killing Sect? I really don’t believe that they dare to do anything.”

Zhu Yong smiled bitterly and said: "Who knows what those people think, after all, in the world of cultivation, a person with strong cultivation is plotted by a person with weak cultivation, and in the end loses everything and even his life. There are quite a few people there, so it’s not surprising that Emperor Shakti had such an idea. I think it’s completely normal.”

Wen Wenhai snorted coldly: "If he really has such thoughts, he is looking for death. Where does he think this is? This is the Blood Killing Sect. Who is he in charge? With his little thoughts, in the end, Fortunately, no, otherwise, I would have dealt with him as soon as possible. So, this time he asked those disciples to return to secular life, maybe it was a way to retreat in order to advance? If that is really the case If so, then he deserves to die even more." At this point, Wen Wenhai's eyes were already gleaming with cold light and filled with murderous intent, just like a long sword unsheathed.

Zhu Yong looked at Wen Wenhai and said with a smile: "Okay, Old Wen, don't be so excited. We just agreed and then we'll see how they react. Haha, I'm very curious. Those guys Whatever they want to do, no matter what they want to do, after they all join the Blood Killing Sect, they will be exposed. At that time, we can just deal with him together, or at worst, just kill them all. Well, I really don’t believe it, they have entered the Xuanwu space, how can they stir up troubles?”

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "What Lao Zhu said makes sense. After they join the Blood Killing Sect, we will deal with them and see what kind of reaction they will have. The request they have made now can be said to be very important." It’s reasonable. We have no reason to refuse, right? So there’s nothing to say, so we can just agree.”

Wen Wenhai was stunned for a moment, then he thought for a while, then nodded and said: "You are right, no matter what they think, let them join our Blood Killing Sect, then we will know what they want to do. It might be easier to deal with them. If it is like what Lao Zhu said, Emperor Shitian changed his mind because of the persuasion of Hu An and the others, then everything will be easy to say. If he has something else Whatever you think, it won’t be difficult to deal with him when the time comes. Okay, then agree to this matter. I really want to see what tricks they are playing."

Chang Jun said with a smile: "With our current strength, do we still need to be afraid of a little Emperor Shitian? With his strength, the sect leader doesn't even need to take action. Old Ding is well prepared to deal with him, so there is no need at all. What do you need to worry about? Okay, Old Wen, give the order. No matter what happens, wait until they all join the Blood Killing Sect. If they take any action after they join our Blood Killing Sect, it will be tantamount to betraying the sect. We It will be easier to deal with them. If we deal with them before they join the sect, it will be like we have betrayed our trust."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, I will give the order now to see what they want to do, but if someone really returns to secular life, then the branch where they live must be adjusted. Alas, in recent times, The development of our Blood Killing Sect is too fast. People from the Sea Clan and the Heavenly and Human Worlds have all joined our Blood Killing Sect. This makes the situation of our Blood Killing Sect a little complicated. We will wait until the matters here in the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon are resolved. , we must think of a way to solve this matter properly. No matter when he joins our Blood Killing Sect, he is our Blood Killing Sect. Are they not allowed to have other thoughts? !”