c7710 idea

Emperor Shitian is very clear that the Buddhist teachings learned in the Emerald Buddha Temple are completely different from the Buddhist teachings learned by the current Buddhist sects in the world of cultivation. There are many things in their Buddhist teachings that are completely different, and they are also completely different. It is precisely because of this that the Jade Buddha Temple is a relatively unique existence among the Buddhist sects in the Wanshan Realm. They are even not accepted by the Buddhist sects in the Wanshan Realm at all. .

If the Temple of the Emerald Buddha was not not accepted by the Buddhists in the Wanshan world, then when the Temple of the Emerald Buddha was attacked, there would be no Buddhists who would lend a helping hand. It can be said that the Temple of the Emerald Buddha has never been accepted by the Buddhists in the Wanshan world. Buddhism has accepted that the Buddhist sects in Wanshan Realm do not recognize the Jade Buddha Temple at all. They may even hate the Jade Buddha Temple more than other sects hate the Jade Buddha Temple, because there is no relationship between them and the Jade Buddha Temple. It is a complete conflict of ideas, not a conflict of interests. For conflicts of interest, consensus can be reached through some exchanges of interests, but for conflicts of fundamental ideas, it is difficult to reach consensus.

Emperor Shitian didn't know much about this before, but in these years in the Heaven and Human World, in addition to developing the Heaven and Human World, he has been thinking about the Jade Buddha Temple. He didn't know that the Jade Buddha Temple had been destroyed. But even when the Jade Buddha Temple existed, it had no contact with those Buddhist sects. It could even be said that there were many conflicts with those Buddhist sects. He had never quite understood why this happened before.

After thinking for a long time in the world of gods and humans, he finally understood that there was a conflict of ideas between the Jade Buddha Temple and those Buddhist sects. If those Buddhists did not clean up the Jade Buddha Temple, then there would be It's like others admit that they are not authentic Buddhists, and what they have learned is just some pseudo-Buddhism. Therefore, the Buddhists in Wanshan Realm actually want the Jade Buddha Temple to suffer more than anyone else.

So now when he heard from Hu An and the others that the Blood Killing Sect had its own Buddhist sect, he was very worried. If the Buddhist sect in the Blood Killing Sect was the same as the Buddhist sect in the Wanshan Realm, then their Jade Buddha Temple would join The Blood Killing Sect is definitely not a good thing. If you don't do it right, you will really be destroyed by the Blood Killing Sect.

Hu'an didn't quite understand what Emperor Shitian meant, but he still said: "Exactly, Holy Lord, the Blood Killing Sect has many Buddhist disciples, and some of their Buddhist disciples are now assigned to our Huzun Temple. , some of our disciples from Huzun Temple have been assigned to other branches, which is also the rule of the Blood Killing Sect."

Emperor Shitian said in a deep voice: "The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, do they have any different meanings to your Buddhism? Do they know what kind of Buddhism our Jade Buddha Temple is?" This is what Emperor Shitian is most concerned about. The question is, if the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really conflict with the Buddhist teachings they have learned, then they may really be doomed.

Hu An looked at Emperor Shitian with some confusion: "No, I have also read the Buddhist scriptures of the Blood Killing Sect. The Buddhism in their Buddhist scriptures can be said to be of the same origin as the Buddhism we learn. , it can even be said that it is more exquisite than the Buddhist teachings we have learned, which has benefited the disciples a lot."

When he heard what Hu An said, Emperor Shitian couldn't help being stunned. He had spent time in the outside world. Unlike Hu An and the others, it could be said that he didn't understand the outside world at all, so he knew more things. , now when he heard what Hu An said, how could he not be surprised? He glanced at Hu An and said: "Hu An, are you telling the truth? Is the Dharma of the Blood Killing Sect really so powerful? Really? Is it the same as the Buddhist teachings we learned?"

Hu An nodded and said: "It is indeed the same. I have seen some Buddhist teachings of the Blood Killing Sect. They not only have Buddhist teachings, but also some precepts. Their precepts are even stricter than ours, and some of their Buddhist teachings We don’t have any classics either. I really admire them.

Emperor Shitian knew that it was impossible for Hu An to lie to him, so when he heard what Hu An said, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he glanced at Hu An and said: "Hu An, I understand what you said, so It seems that the Blood Killing Sect is indeed very powerful, so what does it mean for you to come back this time?"

When Hu An and the others heard what Emperor Shitian said, they couldn't help but look at each other. Then Hu An said: "Holy Lord, when we come back this time, we just want to tell the Holy Lord about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, we also want to talk to the Holy Lord. The Holy Lord said one thing, we think that all of us in the heaven and human world should join the Blood Killing Sect now. There are still tests, but we feel that if we join the Blood Killing Sect now, it will be more beneficial to us in the future. .”

Di Shitian was stunned for a moment, then he glanced at the other people and said in a deep voice: "Do you all mean this too?" Di Shitian really didn't expect that Hu An and the others came back this time for this purpose. , asking him to join the Blood Killing Sect now was completely beyond his expectation.

Hu Jing and the three of them all nodded. They did mean this. Joining the Blood Killing Sect now would definitely be beneficial to the people of the Heaven and Human Realm. If the Blood Killing Sect conquered a place, , that place is joining the Blood Killing Sect, so it is inevitable that they will be given to the Blood Killing Sect. They join the Blood Killing Sect entirely because they are afraid of our combat effectiveness. In that case, the contribution of the Heavenly Realm to surrender will be great. If it is lowered, it will affect their image in the Blood Killing Sect, and it can be said that it will not be of any benefit to them.

After a while, Di Shitian finally said: "Okay, I know about this matter. I will consider it carefully. You can go back first. Will the people of the Blood Killing Sect agree to your coming out this time?" Di Shitian He was a little worried about this matter before. He was worried that Hu An and the others ran out secretly, and what they said now about the Blood Killing Sect could be said to be some secrets of the Blood Killing Sect. The people of the Blood Killing Sect Do you really agree?

Hu An said in a deep voice: "Holy Lord, don't worry. This is agreed by the sect. The sect does not object to us coming to see you. As for what we told you, they will not object, so please don't worry, Holy Lord. "Hu An is indeed not worried about this. He has indeed received Wen Wenhai's order.

When Emperor Shitian heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned. Then he immediately understood why the Blood Killing Sect was so relieved. He couldn't help but smile bitterly. He knew that if he dared to say that he didn't want to join the Blood Killing Sect now, then After the blood killing, he will kill them, and he will never be polite, because he now knows the secret of the blood killing sect. The people of the blood killing sect will never let a person who knows the secret of the blood killing sect leave alive. In the realm of heaven and humans.

However, he did not say this to Hu An, but nodded to Hu An and said: "Okay, I understand, you can go back." Hu An and the others responded, stood up, and faced Emperor Shi Tianxing. After giving a salute, he turned and left. Emperor Shitian looked at the backs of several people and really didn't know what to say. In the end, he could only sigh.

Emperor Shitian is very clear that now they have no way out. No matter whether the Blood Killing Sect is good or bad, they must join the Blood Killing Sect, otherwise they will only die. To be honest, they will just join the Blood Killing Sect. Zong, he was really unwilling, especially when he knew that Zhao Hai was a person who ascended from the lower world, he became even more unwilling. In the past, the Jade Buddha Temple was in the Wanshan Realm, although it was not a top-notch one. sect, but its strength is definitely not the worst. For sects like theirs, they generally will not accept those who ascended from the lower world, but now they want to join a sect who ascended from the lower world. , how could he accept it.

It is precisely because of this that after he agreed to join the Blood Killing Sect, he also had to test the Blood Killing Sect. At the same time, he did not agree that they would join the Blood Killing Sect immediately. Instead, he had to wait until after the test to join the Blood Killing Sect, or even He asked Hu An and the others to join the Blood Killing Sect, while the others did not join the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, he knew that doing so was not good for them, but he just couldn't accept it, so he made such a decision.

But now that he knew the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, he really regretted it, but he couldn't let go. No matter what, he would have been a master earlier, so he could just put down his dignity and join the Blood Killing Sect. , this was something he couldn't accept, so he didn't agree.

This can only be the case now. Although waiting for the Blood Killing Sect to conquer the entire heaven and human world in the real illusion, joining the Blood Killing Sect will have a certain impact on them, but in any case, that is not the case. It just has a certain impact, not much impact, so he does this.

At this time, Hu An and the others have returned to the Sifang Huzun Temple in the Heaven and Human Realm. Although all the disciples here have left, it has become the base of the Blood Killing Sect, and they are now also the Blood Killing Sect. Elders, there is no problem for them to enter this base, but because there is no one here, they don’t want to stay here any longer, so they directly use the teleportation array to return to the radar ship, and then return from the radar ship There, they returned to the Xuanwu Space. After arriving in the Xuanwu Space, Hu An called a few people to his meditation room.

After everyone sat down, Hu An looked at the other three people and said, "What do you think of the reaction of the Holy Lord? Why do I feel that the Holy Lord doesn't want to join the Blood Killing Sect now? Doesn't the Holy Lord know that doing so will have a negative impact on the society?" Is it more beneficial for us in the world of gods and humans? We have told the Holy Lord about the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, but why doesn’t the Holy Lord agree? "

Hu Jing and the others all shook their heads, and Hu Jing even said: "I can't figure out what the Holy Lord thinks now, but judging from the current situation, the Blood Killing Sect has indeed regarded us as... We are truly disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and have you ever thought about it? Now we actually have no right to choose. If we don’t join the Blood Killing Sect, I’m afraid we will be unlucky. We think that the Blood Killing Sect will let some people go. Have the people who know the secrets of their sect left? Not to mention that we still have things like incarnations in our hands. Have you ever heard of such things as incarnations? Have you heard that they can grow on their own and even be controlled by us? Is there such a thing as a metal that controls growth?”