c7719 Ask for war

The battle between the Blood Killing Sect and the people of the Heavenly and Human Realm in the real illusion has never stopped. The Blood Killing Sect has been attacking, while the people of the Heavenly and Human Realm have been defending. Although the Heavenly and Human Realm’s The people were really trying their best, but they still couldn't stop the attack of the Blood Killing Sect army. .

The internal rectification of the Blood Killing Sect has also begun. It first agreed to allow those disciples from the heaven and human world to return to secular life. The result of this is that the disciples from the heaven and human world who join the Blood Killing Sect will have to be at least a quarter of the people. They immediately returned to the secular world. From the moment they returned to the secular world, they were no longer Buddhist disciples. It could even be said that they were inadvertently separated from the world of heaven and humans.

For such a result, the people of the Blood Killing Sect didn't say anything. Those people who returned to the secular world can just return to the secular world. They are still disciples of the Blood Killing Sect anyway, as long as they are still in the Blood Killing Sect. So for those people to return to the secular world, People from the Blood Killing Sect have no reaction.

As for those in the world of gods and humans, they didn’t say anything to those disciples who returned to secular life. Although those disciples returned to secular life, they still maintained a good relationship with them. It’s just that they didn’t have to abide by some Buddhist precepts. It didn’t count. No big deal.

The inside of the Blood Killing Sect was very peaceful, because Hu An and the others did not react. Even the disciples' return to secular life was approved by them, so this matter did not cause any reaction in the Blood Killing Sect, and Emperor Shi After Tian Zai heard the news, he didn't have any reaction. He just nodded and said he understood. Regarding his reaction, Hu An and the others actually had very complicated feelings.

On the one hand, Hu An and the others were relieved that Emperor Shitian was not angry about this matter. He knew very well that with the strength of the heaven and human world, it was absolutely impossible for him to be the opponent of the Blood Killing Sect. It was precisely because of this , so if Di Shitian really opposes this matter with all his strength, he may offend the Blood Killing Sect, which will really not be of any benefit to them. Therefore, Di Shitian's current reaction is not good for them. The good thing is that at least they won't conflict with the Blood Killing Sect because of this matter.

On the other hand, Hu An and the others were also a little disappointed. Hu An and the others felt very uncomfortable when those disciples returned to the secular world, because once those disciples returned to the secular world, they would be separated from the world of heaven and humans and truly become blood killers. Although the relationship between those disciples and them is still very good, they can be sure that those disciples will slowly become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, a complete Blood Killing Sect disciple. disciple. Regarding this, Hu An and the others are still very uncomfortable in their hearts, but they also know that they can't change this situation, so they can't do anything. They are objecting to something that even Emperor Sahitian agreed to. , what’s the point?

Now the Heavenly Realm and the Blood Killing Sect are in a very delicate state. The people in the Heavenly Realm are very clear that they are not the Blood Killing Sect’s opponents. They must join the Blood Killing Sect, but they have some Not willing to give in, it is precisely because of this that the people in the heaven and human world are struggling very much.

This situation is also reflected in Emperor Shitian. Emperor Shitian allowed those who were defeated in the real illusion to join the Blood Killing Sect. However, at the same time, he did not think about letting them directly now. Everyone in the Heavenly Realm joins the Blood Killing Sect. He is actually struggling. He is struggling in his heart. He wants to join the Blood Killing Sect, but some don’t want to join the Blood Killing Sect, because no matter what, he is a jade. People from the Buddhist temple, so he was hesitating and struggling, and his situation also affected other people in the heaven and human world, and they also showed great struggle.

Zhao Hai is actually aware of this situation. Although Zhao Hai has been studying the Buddhist magic formations recently, he has already studied almost all the Buddhist magic formations. There are many types of Buddhist magic formations. , but not particularly many. Based on Zhao Hai's magic formation, it is really easy for him to study Buddhist magic formations.

And Zhao Hai also knows very well that if the Heavenly and Human Realm can really be merged into the Blood Killing Sect safely, it will be very beneficial to the Blood Killing Sect and themselves. It is precisely because of this idea , so Zhao Hai is also very concerned about things in the Heavenly and Human Realm. He has always been paying attention to things in the Heavenly and Human Realm.

Whether it was Hu An's reaction or Wen Wenhai's response, they were all under Zhao Hai's surveillance. He knew everything about the conversation between Hu An and Emperor Shitian. He also knew To be honest, he is not angry with Emperor Shitian. In his opinion, there is no need for him to be angry with Emperor Shitian. Emperor Shitian's reaction is very normal. Even he is very angry with Emperor Shitian. Tian still has a hint of admiration, because the efforts that Emperor Shaktian is making now are actually for the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple.

So Zhao Hai is ready to see what Di Shitian's next reaction will be. As long as Di Shitian is willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, and as long as Di Shitian stops messing around after joining the Blood Killing Sect, then Zhao Hai will not touch Di Shitian. You can even give him a high position, but if he really dares to mess around, Zhao Hai will destroy him as soon as possible.

And Emperor Shitian's current reaction is also very strange. He rarely commands people in the heaven and human world to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. He just stays at the Jade Buddha Temple every day, as if waiting for the blood killing. Zong, slowly annihilating the entire heaven and human world. Such a reaction not only surprised Zhao Hai, but even Hu An and the others couldn't figure out what he was thinking, because Emperor Shitian's current The way he did it was really unlike what he did before.

Compared with the intrigues of the people at the top, the ordinary disciples at the bottom live a very comfortable life. When they have combat missions, they go to the real illusion and fight with the people of the heaven and human world. Even if they died in battle, they would not lose anything. When there were no combat missions, they could practice by themselves or go to the real illusion to watch the battle. They were very comfortable in their lives.

Zhao Hai fully agreed with the actions of those ordinary disciples. He felt that those ordinary disciples did the right thing and that is how they should be. Therefore, Zhao Hai has been very calm. He is just waiting for Emperor Shitian's final reaction. , he wanted to see what Emperor Shitian was thinking.

The battle between the Blood Killing Sect and the Celestial Realm was also very smooth. The Blood Killing Sect’s attack has been very fierce. Although the resistance of the Celestial Realm was also very fierce, it still could not stop the Blood Killing Sect’s progress. , the Blood Killing Sect is advancing step by step, and the territory of the heaven and human world is also slowly shrinking.

Fighting in a real illusion has such an advantage. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don't need to take any rest. They don't have to go on long marches, and they don't have to actually fight. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have already adapted to it. Fighting in the real illusion, so every time in the heaven and human world, fighting with the people of the heaven and human world, for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it is just the completion of a training, there is no reaction at all, let alone Need to rest.

Time passed little by little. Because there was no need to rest, the Blood Killing Sect advanced very quickly. Although the territory of the Heavenly and Human Realm was not small, it was advancing every day, and it only took about three months. Most of the territory of the Heaven and Human Realm has fallen into the hands of the Blood Killing Sect.

Now Emperor Shitian rarely convenes meetings with those presiding. Although when he convenes those presiding with meetings, Hu An and the others will still attend. It seems that no one is missing, but the territory that is really under their control is The number was very low, and Emperor Shitian seemed to have no intention of testing the Blood Killing Sect anymore. He seemed to be indifferent to external matters, which made Hu An and the others even more disappointed.

Seeing that the Blood Killing Sect has now fought three-quarters of the entire Heaven and Human Realm, Emperor Shitian finally reacted. He directly challenged Zhao Hai right here in the Heaven and Human Realm. After hearing that Emperor Shitian Shi Tian's voice came from far away, and he still challenged Zhao Hai. Everyone was shocked, including Hu An and the others. Then Hu An and the others' faces all changed, and they returned to the Jade Buddha Temple as quickly as possible. There.

When they arrived at the Emerald Buddha Temple, they saw Emperor Shaktian sitting on the back of a white elephant, holding a vajra in his hand, with a calm expression. At this time, the white elephant was parked in the sky above the Emerald Buddha Temple. Shi Tian looked in the direction of the Blood Killing Sect for two days with a look of absolute absolute dismay on his face. Seeing Emperor Shitian like this, Hu An and the others were even more surprised.

Hu An immediately led all the hosts to come forward to salute Emperor Shitian, and then Hu An said: "I have met the Holy Lord, and I don't know why the Holy Lord suddenly challenged the sect leader? Holy Lord, the test has been almost done at this point. There is no need for the Holy Lord to do this, and it is not in a real illusion, but in the world of gods and humans. If you don't do it well, the Holy Lord may be injured. This is not what we want to see. Please think twice, Holy Lord."

Emperor Shitian looked at Hu An and the others, smiled slightly and said: "It's okay, don't be so nervous. After so many days, I have figured it out. I used to be from the Jade Buddha Temple. Over the years, I have been working hard for the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple." It’s hard work, and it can be considered as my best effort. Although the Blood Killing Sect is powerful, I am still not willing to join the Blood Killing Sect, so I want to have a final battle with Zhao Hai. If this battle, I If I really lose, then I have tried my best and am worthy of the people of the Emerald Buddha Temple. From now on, I will regard myself as a member of the Blood Killing Sect and will never think about the Emerald Buddha Temple. Therefore, this battle is It’s inevitable.”

When Emperor Shitian said this, Hu An and the others were all stunned, but then they didn't know what to say. It was indeed like this. Emperor Shitian had done his best for the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple in these years. , and as soon as the Blood Killing Sect appeared, all his efforts for so many years would be accepted, or even destroyed. How could he be willing to do so? At first, he was forced by the situation and agreed to join the Blood Killing Sect, but his subsequent struggles , has fully expressed his feelings, and now that he is doing this, it is nothing more than a settlement. I believe that after this time, Emperor Shitian will not have any regrets, and he will really regard himself as a person in the future. The people of the bloody murder sect.