c7712 resistance

"Hahahaha, Lao Zhu, are you thinking too much?" Wen Wenhai couldn't help laughing when he heard what Zhu Yong said, and then said: "I think this is very normal, do you remember that The identity of Emperor Shitian? He is the guardian beast of the Jade Buddha Temple, so he naturally has his own little temper. And don’t forget, he is from the Wanshan Realm. We have also chatted with Fajing before, and we all know that Wanshan is What kind of place is the Mountain Realm? The people in the Wanshan Realm look down upon those who ascended from the lower realm. Although Emperor Shitian did not show it, he knew that we ascended from the lower realm. He will also feel uncomfortable, so he wants to regain some face. At the same time, he also wants to be able to get over this incident, show us their strength, and let us know that they are not without any resistance. In this way We were able to take a high look at them, but he was worried that if they never let people join us, we might misunderstand that they are not sincere, so he did it like this. In fact, there is nothing to worry about, and we are just right , take this opportunity to let him know our strength, so that if he joins us and fights in the future, he will be more honest."

Wen Wenhai can become a person with a status second only to Zhao Hai in the Blood Killing Sect, so he naturally has his own skills. It can be said that his analysis is almost exactly the same as what Emperor Shitian thought. Even Zhu Yong was confused after hearing it. He kept nodding. After a while, Zhu Yong finally nodded and said: "I just hope they don't mess around. I can see that the young master is actually very fond of them. If they really mess around, then I will definitely I won’t let them go.”

Wen Wenhai smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, they don't dare to mess around. If they really dare to mess around, you don't need to tell us, we will never let them go. The matter of destroying the human world is also It's not a big deal, and it's not the first time we've done it. Although everything we faced before was all illusions, they were almost the same as real people. This time there's nothing big, they're just some demon clans, and they will be destroyed if they are destroyed. ”

Zhu Yong nodded, and then he said to Wen Wenhai: "What about those who join our sect? If they really dare to mess around, what will happen to those people?" This is actually the issue that Zhu Yong is most concerned about. If Emperor Shitian and the others mess around, Zhu Yong will definitely not let them go, but for those who have joined the Blood Killing Sect, Zhu Yong will not be easy to deal with.

Wen Wenhai smiled slightly and said: "It's nothing. If those people don't mess around, then keep them. If they dare to mess around, then leave it to Master Yao and Lao Hu to deal with it. You used to do it to Master Yao and Lao Hu." Those people don’t have many ways to control those guys? Let me tell you, unless our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect don’t rebel, if anyone dares to rebel, then they will wait to die.”

Of course Zhu Yong also knows about this. Every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has an incarnation and several lives. If they really rebel, it is really not difficult to catch them. , but the Blood Killing Sect has a special method for dealing with these disciples. This method is only mastered by a few people. As long as they master this method, the Blood Killing Sect's disciples can be trapped and unable to do anything. Even killing these disciples directly is not difficult, but not many people know about it.

Wen Wenhai looked at Zhu Yong and said with a smile: "What's wrong, Old Zhu? Are you worried about those people in the heaven and human world? Have you arranged for someone to monitor them? That's fine, control them, if they really dare to mess up If you come, don't be soft-hearted, and the same goes for the Sea Clan people. Although the Sea Clan people are very honest now, they can't be allowed to mess around. There are more of them than ours, although most of them are We kill the original old people of the Blood Sect, but the new members of the Sea Clan have a natural affinity with them, so they need to pay more attention."

Zhu Yong nodded and said: "Don't worry, I will definitely handle it. The Blood Killing Sect was established by the young master, and it is the hard work of all of us. I will not let him have any problems, so don't worry. ." Zhu Yong really meant what he said. They all followed Zhao Hai to rebuild the Blood Killing Sect and fought hard all the way. They will never allow anyone to destroy the existing Blood Killing Sect. situation.

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "Okay, that's the best if you think so. Okay, don't worry too much, go back, maybe nothing will happen. What we do is just to prevent There will be problems in the future, but I think that people from the Heavenly and Human Realm should monitor them for a long time. Don’t forget that they also come from the Wanshan Realm. It is inevitable that they will not get into trouble when they get to the Wanshan Realm. If someone really has such thoughts, don’t be polite, I’ll just sort them out first.”

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "Don't worry, we'll leave the surveillance to us. There won't be any trouble. I'll go back first. There are still a lot of things to deal with." After that, he stood up and faced Wen Wen. Hai saluted, then turned and left. Wen Wenhai did not go to see him off, but said loudly: "Close the door for me." Zhu Yong waved his hand and left the room.

After the Blood Killing Sect had completely settled the affairs of the Sifang Huzun Temple and everyone had settled down, they began to attack again in the real illusion. Just as Emperor Shitian and the others thought, Blood Killing Zong Guoren launched an attack on the northern region of the Tianren Realm.

Although preparations have been made here in the Heaven and Human Realm, they have begun to mobilize troops to the northern region, and have also established a large number of magic formations, but their actions have all fallen into the eyes of the Blood Killing Sect. Don’t forget, the Blood Killing Sect Even if they don't use real illusions to cheat, they still have radar. How can the practices of the heaven and human world escape their radar?

The Blood Killing Sect's attack is still so steady. They move forward step by step. They will repel the enemy when they encounter it. When they encounter the magic circle, they will directly break it. As they advance along the way, although the speed has slowed down, they keep moving forward. There are still fourteen temples in the northern part of the Heavenly Realm. The total number of disciples now exceeds 100 million, but this does not give them any sense of security.

Just when the Tianren Realm still wanted to send their rear in the northern region, they found that they seemed to be unable to do so. The teleportation array in the northern region seemed to be unusable. In fact, the teleportation array in the northern region could still be used. , but it is impossible to send troops from the south to the north. They can no longer do the teleportation array from the south to the north.

People in the Heavenly and Human Realm would not have imagined how far the Blood Killing Sect’s magic circle skills had reached, and they would never have thought that the Blood Killing Sect could create a magic circle. This magic circle, this magic circle was a This kind of enchantment formation can still be used normally within this enchantment formation, but it is impossible to transmit things in the magic formation outside the enchantment formation like the one inside the enchantment formation. , because the barrier formation blocked them all.

After Emperor Shitian learned about this, he just sighed lightly, but didn't say anything. In fact, he had already cheated. He took advantage of the news he heard from Hu'an and the others to make a decision in advance. However, they are still no match for the Blood Killing Sect, which explains the problem.

Moreover, there was no life-and-death feud between them and the Blood Killing Sect. There was no need to go too far. So although he sent his disciples to attack the Blood Killing Sect's base from the south several times, after finding that it was of no use, he also He stopped doing this kind of useless work and directly asked all the disciples to retreat to the south of the Heaven and Human Realm. In the south of the Heaven and Human Realm, they set up a defense line and established a magic circle to prepare to block the Blood Killing Sect's attack.

In the north of the Heavenly Realm, the Blood Killing Sect is not progressing very smoothly, because in the real illusion, even if they die in battle, they will not really die. Not only did this not make those in the Heavenly Realm surrender, On the contrary, it strengthened their determination to fight against the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, every time the Blood Killing Sect takes a step forward, they have to go through a battle. Those people in the heaven and human world are like children who have got a new toy. If they are willing to give up this toy, they will fight to the end with the Blood Killing Sect, which also slows down the progress of the Blood Killing Sect a lot.

In fact, there is another reason for those people in the heaven and human world to resist desperately, that is, Emperor Shitian said that they want the people of the Blood Killing Sect to know how powerful they are, so that they can get the benefits of joining the Blood Killing Sect in the future. More respect, and those people in the heaven and human world know that they will definitely join the Blood Killing Sect in the future. In order to let the people of the Blood Killing Sect know that they are not a coward or a coward, in order to let the people of the Blood Killing Sect know that they are not a coward or a coward, in order to let the people of the Blood Killing Sect , take a look at them, they are in a real illusion, a place where there is no danger to their lives, desperately resisting, this is also the reason why they resist desperately.

Regarding this situation, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect actually have no objection. On the contrary, they also regard this as a training. They will face various enemies in the future. No one knows what their future will be like. What will the enemy be like? If you really encounter an enemy like the Heavenly Realm, who is not afraid of death and doesn't care about his life, but just wants to fight you to the end, what should you do? Isn't it possible to just fight? Of course it is impossible, the battle must still be fought, so the battle between the two sides was extremely fierce, which made Hu An and the others watching the battle feel frightened. They knew very well that if this was not a real illusion, but If a war were to start here in the Heaven and Human Realm, then here in the north of the Heaven and Human Realm, the sky would be darkened and the earth would be dark, the sun and the moon would lose light, corpses would litter the fields, and blood would flow like rivers. This would definitely be a very tragic event. of war.

Wen Wenhai and the others have seen the battles here several times, but they are very satisfied with this battle. To be honest, they are really worried that those in the heaven and human world will not die here if they know the real illusion. , they only deal with it for two times, and they will not really resist. Now it seems that those people in the heaven and human world are performing very well, which also makes Wen Wenhai and the others completely relieved. They are not worried about those people. People resist strongly, but they worry about those who will not resist.