c7711 choose

Hu An and the three of them all shook their heads. After a while, Hu An sighed softly and said, "That's true. Don't say that we haven't heard of it. Even the Holy Lord has never said it. You also know that we When we were still learning from the Holy Master, the Holy Master told us some things about Wanshan Realm. He told us how powerful the big sects in Wanshan Realm were, and he told us about the small sects in Wanshan Realm. How many unique skills does a sect have to survive in the Wanshan Realm, but he has never mentioned that there is such a thing as an incarnation in the Wanshan Realm, let alone that sect in the Wanshan Realm. Have you ever heard of things happening to the sect’s disciples who will have several lives?”

The three of them all shook their heads. They had never heard of it. Just as Hu An said, Emperor Shitian would tell them some things about Wanshan Realm in the past, but it was like a real illusion, like an incarnation outside the body. They have never heard of such things as each disciple having multiple lives.

Hu An then said: "That proves that the Holy Lord has never heard of these things before. The Holy Lord came from the Wanshan Realm before. There are thousands of sects in the Wanshan Realm, but even in the Wanshan Realm, He has never seen or even heard of these things in this place. What does that mean? It means that these things of the Blood Killing Sect are actually unique to them. If that is really the case, then the Blood Killing Sect The strength of the sect is really terrifying, but in this case, the Holy Lord still did not agree and immediately joined the Blood Killing Sect, which really makes me feel very puzzled."

The three of them all nodded. They were indeed a little confused. What Emperor Shitian did was obviously of no benefit to the world of heaven and humans, but why did he do it again? It's so weird that they all can't figure it out, but they have already done what they need to do, and now they have no other good solution besides worrying here.

Hu An looked at the other people and said: "If the Holy Lord does not join the Blood Killing Sect at this time, it must be because of his consideration. We just need to do our job well. The Blood Killing Sect treats us with sincerity, and we must also treat us with sincerity. Treat the Blood Killing Sect sincerely. If one day, I mean if, if one day, the Holy Lord suddenly tells us that the heaven and human world can no longer join the Blood Killing Sect, and we and the Blood Killing Sect are not on the same side, then What do you think we should choose then?"

His question immediately stunned Hu Jing and the three of them. Hu Jing and the three of them all looked at each other, not knowing what to say. After a while, Hu Jing looked at Hu An and said : "There won't be such a day, right? If there is such a day, then we will really be doomed. I'm afraid the Blood Killing Sect won't let us go, right?"

Hu An said solemnly: "I just mentioned the most impossible possibility. I think we still need to see what the Holy Lord will do next. If the Blood Killing Sect is in the real illusion next, after laying down Some territories, and the people on those territories, once joined the Blood Killing Sect, it means that the Holy Lord did not have that intention, but if the Blood Killing Sect conquered another territory, and the people on those territories did not join, The Blood Killing Sect, then we have to be careful, because that might mean that the Holy Lord does have such thoughts, and we must be prepared."

Hu Jing said in a deep voice: "Be prepared? What preparations? Attack them from within the Blood Killing Sect? It's useless. You don't know how many people there are in the Blood Killing Sect, and the Blood Killing Sect dares to give us these benefits. , then they are not afraid that we will use these things to deal with them, they must have a way to deal with us, if we do that, there will really be only a dead end."

Hu An said in a deep voice: "That's not what I'm talking about. What I'm saying is that if the Holy Lord really doesn't want to join the Blood Killing Sect and really wants to start a war with the Blood Killing Sect, then we'd better not mess around. Just follow the method of killing the disciples of the Blood Sect, so that we can still leave a little fire and leave some inheritance to our heaven and human world."

Hu Jing and the three of them were all stunned. They really didn't expect that Hu An had such an idea. They all looked at Hu An in surprise. Hu An looked at the three of them and said in a deep voice: "I What I am talking about is just the most unlikely possibility, because I believe that the Holy Lord really wants to join the Blood Killing Sect, but it may be due to some reasons that he has not yet thought about joining the Blood Killing Sect now. , so you don’t have to worry too much.”

After hearing what Hu An said, Hu Jing and the others heaved a sigh of relief. To be honest, if something like what Hu An said really happened, they were really not sure whether they could do what Hu An said. That said, after all, that choice was really terrible, and they really hoped that they would never make that choice in their lives.

Hu An glanced at the three of them, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's all go back. In fact, it's too late for us to do anything now. The disciples below us have been scattered and killed with blood. Zong Ye has sent people to enter Hu Zun Temple. At this time, if we make any moves, they will know about it right away. If we don’t make any moves, we will be directly destroyed by them. So we You absolutely can’t move now.”

All three of them nodded, and then they all stood up and walked out. Although their faces were ugly now, their faces had almost recovered by the time they left the meditation room. Although they had been studying Buddhism, But this does not mean that they have no city at all. It is obvious that they also know when to hold back their emotions.

At this time, in a room of the Blood Killing Sect, a man sitting in the room was looking at a small projection in the room. What was shown on the projection was exactly what was happening in the Hu'an Zen Room. After Hu Jing and the others left, the man smiled slightly and said: "It's interesting. I really didn't expect that Hu An is really quite sensible. That's fine. Then they can rest assured, as long as they don't act recklessly." , then they will be part of the Blood Killing Sect from now on." After saying that, he turned off the projection, and then he continued: "Come, let the people waiting outside come in." There were disciples outside the door immediately. There was a sound, and then a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect walked in.

The man who walked in had killed a disciple and looked very inconspicuous. He was a figure that no one would even take a second look at in a crowd. As soon as he entered the room, he immediately saluted to this man and said, "I've seen him before." Elder Zhu." After saluting, he stood there honestly, not daring to say a word.

And that man is naturally Zhu Yong. Zhu Yong is the director of the Blood Killing Sect’s intelligence department. He actually has a lot of power, but he doesn’t like to express himself very much and doesn’t let people notice him. But things In fact, the entire Blood Killing Sect’s intelligence department is under his control. Whether it is the current intelligence department or the part of the intelligence department that was divided by the boss’s wife, they are all under his control. He is the head of the Blood Killing Sect’s intelligence department. , you can imagine how powerful he is.

Zhu Yong glanced at the disciple standing in front of him and said, "How are the new people who have joined our heaven and human world doing? But what's abnormal?" This disciple is a subordinate of his intelligence department, even one of his Although the director of the branch is not very powerful and his status is not high, he still has a high status in the intelligence department.

The intelligence department is very different from other departments. In other departments, of course, there are strong people in high positions, but in the intelligence department, this is not the case. In the intelligence department, your strength depends on your strength. If you are strong, you may not necessarily be in a high position. On the contrary, some disciples who are not very strong and are not so inconspicuous may have a higher status than you, just because they are inconspicuous or their intelligence analysis They are more capable than you, so their status is higher than yours.

When the disciple heard Zhu Yong's question, he immediately said in a deep voice: "Replying to the elder, those people in the world of heaven and humans do not have any differences. The disciple has also been in contact with several of them. They have no regard for our Blood Killing Sect." They are extremely satisfied with their treatment, and it can be seen that they are very envious of our Blood Killing Sect."

Zhu Yong nodded and motioned for the person to continue speaking, and then the other person said: "If the disciple tried to trick those people, he just wanted to know why they didn't become themselves when they were fighting against us. They were obviously monsters. The original body was fighting with us. They told their disciples at that time that there were two reasons why they did not change into the original body. First, they always believed that it was a shame to transform into the original body. The other reason was that they practiced They have Buddhist techniques, and they have received Buddhist education since they were young, so they almost no longer have the ability to transform into their own bodies."

Zhu Yong was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "So that's it. It seems that it may be because of this. Okay, you go back first. Not all the people in the heaven and human world have joined in yet." Before we kill the sect with blood, you must not expose yourself, and don't relax your surveillance on them, just go ahead."

The disciple responded, then bowed to Zhu Yong, then turned and left. After the disciple left, Zhu Yong stood up and walked out. After a while, he arrived at Wen Wenhai's door and knocked. Knocked on the door, and after getting permission, entered the room directly.

Wen Wenhai was dealing with some things. When he saw Zhu Yong coming in, he couldn't help but smile and said: "Old Zhu, it's you, what's the matter?" Wen Wenhai knew that Zhu Yong would not come to chat with him for nothing. Yes, if you come to him now, something must be wrong, so he is not polite.

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "It's okay. There's just one thing I can't figure out. What do you mean by that Emperor Shitian? He agreed to join our Blood Killing Sect, why do he do this? Let's do this. Sifang Huzun Temple joined us, but other places did not join us. They also told us clearly that as long as we were in the real illusion and captured those places, they would join us. Why do you think he did this? I really What I just don’t understand is, what’s the benefit of doing this to him?”