c7716 ask

The war between the Blood Killing Sect and the Celestial Realm is still going on in the real illusion. The Blood Killing Sect has not exerted its full strength. Even so, they are still taking down the entire area behind the Celestial Realm step by step. After winning, all the people in the temples in the northern Tianren region also joined the Blood Killing Sect. The Blood Killing Sect’s arrangement for them was to break them up and assign them to different branches. go. .

Hu An and the others actually have no objection to this approach, and this is also what they mean. If the people of the Blood Killing Sect stop doing this, they will be surprised. And the Blood Killing Sect It was really nice to them and made them feel completely at ease.

Hu An and the others are also in contact with the abbots of the newly joined temples, asking them to understand the situation of the Blood Killing Sect as soon as possible and see how the situation is there. In fact, they are doing this to let the abbots, The main reason for learning about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect earlier was to make them give up their desire to fight against the Blood Killing Sect earlier.

Hu An and the others did not speak out their thoughts, nor did they tell Di Shitian. They found that there were some problems with Di Shitian's current thoughts, but they did not dare to say it. They were worried that if they really told Di Shitian about their thoughts, Shitian said that not only would Emperor Shitian not be happy, but he would blame them, so they were so careful.

Now that the Blood Killing Sect has taken over the entire northern area of ​​the Heaven and Human Realm, they will use their troops to attack the southern part of the Heaven and Human Realm next, so Hu An and the others decided to go see Emperor Shitian, not only The four of them went to see Emperor Shitian, and the other fourteen directors who had joined the Blood Killing Sect also went with them.

For their actions, the people of the Blood Killing Sect had no objection. Wen Wenhai directly agreed. Hu An and the others led the others to the radar ship, and then to the Sifang Huzun Temple, and then this We just arrived at the Jade Buddha Temple. After arriving there, the group immediately went outside the Zen room of Emperor Shaktian.

Di Shitian's Zen room was not very big, so he led them directly to a side hall of the Jade Buddha Temple. After everyone sat down in the side hall, Di Shitian glanced at everyone, and then said : "I didn't expect you all to come here today. How about it? Have all the disciples made arrangements?"

Upon hearing what Emperor Shitian said, those people all responded, and then a host said: "It's the Holy Lord, everything has been arranged, although it is said that all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and our temple have been scattered and arranged. , but the arrangements are still very good, please don’t worry, Holy Lord.”

Di Shitian nodded, and then said: "Okay, just make arrangements. How will the people of the Blood Killing Sect treat you?" Di Shitian has always been very concerned about this matter, so that's why By asking this, he really wanted to know how the people of the Blood Killing Sect treated them. From the attitude of the Blood Killing Sect towards those disciples, we could know whether the Blood Killing Sect really wanted to accept them.

The host immediately said: "Returning to the Holy Lord, the people of the Blood Killing Sect are very kind to us, so the disciples are treated the same as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Holy Lord, I really didn't expect that in this world It's really amazing that there is such a sect. In such a sect, even if you do nothing, your training speed will probably be much faster than that of ordinary sects, because they The conditions given to you are really great.”

The other hosts also nodded with the same feeling. The Blood Killing Sect was really good to them, so good that they had nothing to say. To be honest, they really didn't expect that the Blood Killing Sect would treat those disciples like this. Even the temples in their Heavenly Realm are not as kind to their disciples as the Blood Killing Sect. This kindness is not only reflected in materials, but also in their care for those disciples. At this point, they None of them can compare to the Blood Killing Sect.

When Emperor Shitian saw their reactions, he nodded. Then he glanced at Hu An and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "Hu An, I said last time, I said I wanted to kill in the blood. Do you think it is feasible for the sect to vigorously promote Buddhism?" Emperor Shitian obviously attached great importance to this matter, and he could also see that the last time Hu An and the others heard the news, although their faces There was no expression, but it didn't seem like he fully agreed, so he asked like this.

Hu'an and the others still underestimated Di Shitian. It can be said that Di Shitian raised these people from childhood. Di Shitian actually knew their reactions clearly, but he did not say it out at the time. He just wanted them to think carefully after they went back, and then ask them. This time they all happened to be here, so he asked directly, Hu An and the others were the first to join the Blood Killing Sect, and now they are in the Blood Killing Sect. , it has been nearly two months, and they should have understood a lot of things, so he asked like this.

When Hu An heard what Emperor Shitian said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then his face couldn't help but change slightly. Then he glanced at Emperor Shitian, then took a deep breath and said in a deep voice: "Holy Lord, this disciple wants to know, Holy Lord, you said that you want to vigorously promote Buddhism in the Blood Killing Sect, what is your purpose?"

Emperor Shitian was stunned, then he looked at Hu An and said, "Hu An, what do you mean by this?" His face was already a little solemn, because Hu An and the others had never spoken to him in such a tone before. He had said that, so now when he heard Hu An talking like this, he couldn't help but feel a little unhappy.

Hu'an looked at Emperor Shitian and said: "Holy Lord, I don't mean to be rude to the Holy Lord. I just want to know what the Holy Lord's purpose is. If the Holy Lord just wants to simply promote Buddhism, then that's not the case." It's nothing, and I don't think it's necessary. The Blood Killer Sect is now promoting Buddhism. Every disciple knows Buddhism and studies it diligently. So if the Holy Lord is just to promote Buddhism, there is actually no need to discuss it with us, or even to discuss it with us. There is no need to do this deliberately, because the people of the Blood Killing Sect are doing it themselves.”

"If the Holy Lord is not just to simply promote Buddhism, but wants to promote the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple, then it doesn't matter. The Blood Killer Sect will also support us in this regard. The Blood Killer Sect's system is closely related to ours. It’s different, maybe even different from other sects. Each of them will be tested to see what is the most suitable technique for them. No matter who they are, they will only learn the technique that is most suitable for them. Even if they are What you are learning is the ordinary skills in the Blood Killing Sect. As long as you practice well, you can still be in a high position without any influence. Moreover, their training system and teaching system are very complete. If they say If you are asked to practice the most common skills, then this kind of skills must be the most suitable for you, and your practice speed will definitely not be slow. Therefore, how valued are the skills of the Jade Buddha Temple in the Blood Killing Sect? , it’s not about whether your technique is good or bad, but whether this technique is suitable for them to practice.”

"If, Holy Lord, you are not just trying to promote Buddhism or let the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple be passed on for a longer time, but you want to replace Zhao Hai and let the people of the Blood Killing Sect finally become the Jade Buddha Temple, , then the Holy Lord had better not do this, otherwise, all of us will die without a burial place."

Hu An also said all his inner thoughts this time. He also knew that this was an opportunity, a good opportunity for him to persuade Emperor Shitian, so he said everything in his heart. After hearing his words, everyone else was stunned. Only Hu Jing and the other three were looking at Emperor Shitian calmly.

Emperor Shitian also had a calm face. He looked at Hu An and said, "Why do we say that if we want to replace Zhao Hai, we will die without a burial place? The people of the Blood Killing Sect study Buddhism intensively, which is of great significance to us. Say, isn’t it just an opportunity? And the Dharma they study is still the same as the Dharma we study. Isn’t this an opportunity for us?”

Hu An shook his head and said: "Holy Lord, that's not the case. The people of the Blood Killing Sect are studying Buddhism, but they study Buddhism just to make better use of the power of Buddhism to deal with the enemy. To say that they are right Buddhism, how convincing it is, is really not like that. Disciple, just say one thing. Holy Lord, you should understand that the Buddha statues enshrined in all the temples of the Blood Killing Sect are actually all like Zhao Hai. Although There will be some changes in clothes, but the appearance will still be like Zhao Hai. In other words, they are not worshiping Buddha, but Zhao Hai. Or it can also be said conversely, in their hearts, Zhao Hai is Buddha. The Buddha is Zhao Hai, and what’s even more terrifying is that this was not requested by Zhao Hai, but was spontaneously done by all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.”

Upon hearing what Hu An said, Emperor Shitian was stunned, but the faces of the other hosts changed slightly. Then they thought about it carefully, and finally their faces became very solemn. They had been so solemn before. They really didn't pay attention to the Buddha statue. In the past, they just thought that the Buddha statues enshrined in all the temples of the Blood Killing Sect looked familiar, but they didn't think much about it. But now, after being reminded by Hu An, they discovered , those Buddha statues indeed look very much like Zhao Hai.

Emperor Shitian's face also became extremely solemn. He looked at Hu An and said, "Are you really sure that those Buddha statues look like Zhao Hai? And those Buddha statues were really erected by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect themselves, not Zhao Hai asked for it?" This point is very important to Emperor Shitian, because if what they say is true, it means that Zhao Hai has completely different opinions on the Blood Killing Sect. , there is absolutely no way for them to shake the status of a person like this.

Hu An smiled bitterly and said: "Holy Lord, I am absolutely sure. I have even learned that some time ago, almost everyone among the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would worship Zhao Hai's statue and regard Zhao Hai as a god. existence, later Zhao Hai discovered this and ordered not to worship his image casually. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect made some changes and changed the Buddha statues in the temple to look like Zhao Hai, while other The Buddha statues, Bodhisattva statues, Vajra statues, or Arhat statues were all replaced by other core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. These were all done voluntarily by the disciples, and no one asked them to do so."