c7714 Method

What Hu Jing said is not wrong at all. For the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Buddhism is nothing more than a means to help deal with the Shadow Clan people. To say how much they believe in the Buddha, it is not necessarily true. Hu An and the others I went to see the temple of the Blood Slaughter Sect. There are Buddha statues in the temple of the Blood Slaughter Sect, but those Buddha statues all have one characteristic, that is, they look very similar to Zhao Hai. .

The Buddha's appearance is very similar to that of Zhao Hai. What kind of concept is that? In other words, in the hearts of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the Buddha is actually Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai is the Buddha. In their hearts, Zhao Hai is God. They only believe in Zhao Hai, not Buddha.

Hu Jing and the others couldn't stand this approach at first, but as time went by, they no longer thought so, especially after they understood what Zhao Hai had done, they now also believed that Zhao Hai was A figure who can be compared with the Buddha, because everything in the Blood Killing Sect was established by Zhao Hai, so it is not impossible for the people of the Blood Killing Sect to regard Zhao Hai as the Buddha.

And this is what they are worried about. Emperor Shitian mentioned several times that Buddhism should be used to resolve the hostility of the Blood Killing Sect. What does this mean? This means that after Emperor Shitian joins the Blood Killing Sect in the future, he may vigorously promote Buddhism in the Blood Killing Sect and improve the status of Buddhism. He may even make the status of Buddhism higher than that of Zhao Hai. If it is true If this happens, then Zhao Hai will definitely deal with Shakti. At that time, Shakti will probably be in trouble. Not only will Shakten be unlucky, but all the Buddhist disciples will also follow him. Tough luck.

Wanting to make Buddhism higher than Zhao Hai's status is tantamount to asking Zhao Hai to listen to them, which is tantamount to seizing power. Although these days, in the eyes of Hu'an and others, Zhao Hai is not very concerned about power. They have been in the Blood Killing Sect for such a long time, but they have never seen Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai has never appeared in front of people. But if someone really wants to seize power from Zhao Hai, then it is like seeking death. , I'm afraid there is no difference.

Hu An and the others were in the Blood Killing Sect, and they knew very well the status of Zhao Hai in the hearts of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. Zhao Hai was their god in the hearts of the Blood Killing Sect disciples. In this case, Emperor Shitian If they seize power, those disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will tear them all into pieces without Zhao Hai taking action.

And this is what Hu An and the others are most worried about. Emperor Shitian has not entered the Blood Killing Sect and does not know the situation of the Blood Killing Sect very well. If he really has such an idea, then he will join in the future. The Blood Killing Sect will definitely do this. In that case, all of them will be unlucky, and they don't want this to happen.

So after Hu Jing finished speaking, the other three people didn't speak. They all sat there with frowns, not knowing what to say for a while. After a while, Hu An finally said: "We have to find a way. It is probably not a good idea to change this situation and speak directly to the Holy Lord. I think there has always been a problem with the Holy Lord's attitude towards the Blood Killing Sect. If we directly speak to the Holy Lord, the Holy Lord may not listen. So we have to think of other ways.”

Hu Jing and the three of them all frowned. They also discovered that Emperor Shitian did have a certain bias in dealing with the Blood Killing Sect. If they really spoke directly, I am afraid that Emperor Shitian would not Listen, on the contrary, Emperor Shitian will still think that they betrayed him, which will only make things worse. But if he doesn't tell him, that won't work. If things continue like this, Emperor Shitian is afraid There was only one way to die, so they all felt very headache.

After a while, Hu An suddenly said: "You guys said, how about we directly contact the abbots of the temples who have joined the Blood Killing Sect, so that they can understand the situation of the Blood Killing Sect better and faster, so that they don't They will have the idea of ​​resisting the Blood Killing Sect. As long as they don't have that kind of mentality, in the future, when the Holy Lord joins the Blood Killing Sect, without our support, it will be impossible for him to vigorously promote Buddhism. When the Holy Lord calms down, We are grieving over our interests with the Holy Lord, so it’s the same, how about it?”

When Hu An said this, Hu Jing and the three of them all brightened up, but then a strange look appeared on Hu Xiang's face. He looked at Hu An and said: "Hu An, if we really do this If we do it, does that count as a betrayal of the Holy Lord? The Holy Lord will probably hate us to death, right?"

Hu An smiled bitterly and said: "At worst, we can wait until the Holy Lord calms down and we can apologize to him. To be honest, I really don't want to be an enemy of the Blood Killing Sect now, especially after learning about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. , and I don’t know if you have noticed that many of the disciples below no longer obey our orders, and some of them even want to return to secular life. Do you think we want to vigorously promote Buddhism now? , how many people will support us?”

Huhe smiled bitterly and said: "We are the demon clan. People from the Blood Killing Sect can regard us as the same kind. However, the practices of the Blood Killing Sect will arouse the wild nature in our hearts. The wild nature that we have always suppressed with Buddhism should not be Speaking of those disciples, these days even I sometimes have the urge to kill. In this case, what kind of Buddhist teachings are there? It’s useless.”

Hu An and the others also smiled bitterly, and they also discovered this. Although they are now in human form, and they are all profound in Buddhism, it can be said that their hearts are as calm as water, but these days they are not aware of the past of the Blood Killing Sect. After the victory, their blood was boiling. They felt that the wild impulse in their bodies that had been suppressed by them was beginning to stir up, not to mention those disciples who were not so firm in their Taoist hearts.

Originally, in this situation, some disciples would become obsessed, but the strange thing is that those disciples would not become obsessed, and they did not have the ability to transform into their own bodies. They just became more warlike. This is all. It also makes people feel more curious.

It was precisely because of this discovery that Hu An and the others felt that it was absolutely impossible for them to implement Buddhism in the Blood Killing Sect, because the practices of the Blood Killing Sect were completely different from Buddhism. They studied Buddhism, People want to use the Buddha's power in Buddhism, and the Buddha's power in Buddhism can help them deal with the Shadow Clan people, so they study it, so the people of the Blood Killing Sect do not believe in Buddhism.

At the same time, Hu An and the others also knew that the Hai Clan had only recently joined the Blood Killing Sect. They had fought against the Blood Killing Sect before, and the Sea Clan came from their previous interface, which was the Dragon Realm. Ordinarily, people like the Hai Clan Races, even if they join the Blood Killing Sect, may not necessarily be completely aligned with the Blood Killing Sect, but strangely, those sea tribes are very loyal to the Blood Killing Sect, and many sea tribes Disciples, they have all been assimilated by the Blood Killing Sect. This is what surprised Hu An and the others the most.

Hu An and the others even had contact with the Sea Tribe people, wanting to know their true thoughts, but in the end they found out that those Sea Tribe people really didn’t have any cruel intentions towards Zhao Hai, because the Dragon King did It is not good for them, and it also proves that the Dragon King is indeed controlled. It can be said that the Blood Killing Sect plays the role of not a conqueror, but a liberator in the hearts of the Hai tribe people, although it is only A little bit of role change, but the result is completely different.

Hu An and the others were even more impressed by the Blood Killing Sect's method, but they didn't say anything because even their disciples were affected, not to mention those Hai Clan people. Now those Hai Clan people and some Tian People in the human world, their idea is to follow Zhao Hai, to eliminate all the Shadow Clan people, conquer all the interfaces, and finally embark on the road to immortality. This is their final idea.

Hu An and the others are really powerless to deal with this situation. How can they criticize those disciples and say that you can't think like this, you can't follow Zhao Hai, your thinking is wrong. Let’s not talk about what they would think if they told those disciples. If they really told those disciples, then the people of the Blood Killing Sect would definitely know how the people of the Blood Killing Sect would react. ? I'm afraid they will be killed directly.

You join a sect, but you don’t want to listen to the sect leader or follow the sect leader’s footsteps, then what do you want to do? Looking for death? I'm afraid that when the time comes, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will kill them directly without being polite. At the same time, I'm afraid the Blood Killing Sect won't let go of the people here in the Heaven and Human Realm. By that time, In the entire world of gods and humans, it is really difficult to find a living person. It is precisely because of this idea that they dare not mess around.

But when they saw Di Shitian today, after hearing Di Shitian's words, their hearts kept sinking. Di Shitian didn't know about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, but they did. , if Emperor Shizhen really messes around in the Blood Killing Sect, then the entire world of heaven and humans will really be over.

The more they understand the strength of the Blood Killing Sect, the more they feel that the Blood Killing Sect is invincible. Let alone the lofty leader Zhao Hai, whose strength no one knows how strong the dragon is, but Ding. Chunming and others, or Wen Wenhai and others, each of these people are stronger than the last. The number of more than 100 billion disciples of the Blood Killing Sect sounds desperate, let alone competing with them. Been an enemy.

To be honest, they really couldn't understand how a person could build his inner space so big. They must know that the inner space they were in was already large, but compared with the Xuanwu space, their inner space, It's like children playing house. The inner space they are in can't accommodate more than 100 billion people even if they die, but the Xuanwu space can accommodate more than 100 billion people, and there are actually many landlords. It is completely empty. It can even be described as vast and sparsely populated. How powerful this is. Of course, although there are many people living in the sea, the sea is also part of the inner space. This is not enough. Does it explain the strength of the Blood Killing Sect? Under such circumstances, they really can't do it if they want to become enemies of the Blood Killing Sect. They haven't lived enough yet.