c7713 Danger

When the Blood Killer Sect fights with foreign countries, although under normal circumstances, everyone is the victor, and everyone will get a lot of benefits, but if we really talk about it, there are only a few people who are really happy. The disciples of the sect like military exploits, but military exploits require their lives. It is precisely because of this that many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, although they will use their full strength in battle, they are not necessarily very happy. .

But this time is different. This time the place where the Blood Killing Sect fights with the people in the Heavenly Realm is a real illusion. Fighting here is completely different. The result of fighting here is that no one from the Blood Killing Sect fights. Death, although it is said that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have several lives, no one will think that they have too many lives. They will cherish every life they have, so every time they lose a life, they will be sad for a while.

But during this period of time, no one was sad, everyone was happy, and everyone was very happy. Although they fought with the people of the heaven and human world in the real illusion, they did not have so many military achievements to gain, but only some military achievements. , but such a battle is also very beneficial to them, which makes them all feel very happy.

Fighting with people from the Heaven and Human Realm, they will learn a lot of fighting skills, which is of great benefit to them. It is precisely because of this that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect do not object to such battles. They even welcomed them very much. Even some projections after each war would be taken out by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, observed and discussed repeatedly in order to find out from these projections those who participated in the war and what they had done. If something is wrong, keep it in mind so that you will not suffer a disadvantage in the future when encountering such a situation.

Regarding the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, Hu An and the others were all seeing it. To be honest, Hu An and the others really didn’t know what to say about the Blood Killing Sect’s actions, so Hu An had to Hu Jing and others found his room at once. After all three of them arrived, Hu An said to them: "What do you think of the current situation in the sect? Tell us what you think."

Hu Jing smiled bitterly and said: "I now know that the people of the Blood Killing Sect are really all a bunch of lunatics. They are not afraid of fighting at all, and they seem to like fighting very much. When they see the projection after the war , that heated discussion, I really don’t know what to say.”

Several other people also nodded. To be honest, when they saw the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect happily discussing the battle, they really didn’t know what to say, although this time the battle took place in In the real illusion, they are all people who have fought in the real illusion, but it is very clear that although they will not die in it, the process of fighting in it is extremely real, even when you die The feelings are all extremely real. In this case, after the war, they will not be used to it for a period of time, and they are not even willing to face the moment when they die in battle.

But the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are different. They will discuss the situation of this battle. They will analyze the gains and losses of this battle. Even if they die in the battle, they will not let it go. To be honest, they really didn't know what to say in this situation.

Hu An nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "The Holy Lord must confront the people of the Blood Killing Sect. Now here in the north, four more temples have fallen into the hands of the Blood Killing Sect, and there are The Ten Temples are still resisting, but their resistance is more like a kind of suicide. Although they will not really die, I still feel very uncomfortable when I see them being treated as opponents for military training."

Hu Xiang said: "Not only you, we also feel very uncomfortable, but there is no way, this step must be taken, and we have also come from this step, forget it, there is no use thinking so much, We haven’t gone back to see the Holy Lord for a while, I think it’s necessary for us to go back to see the Holy Lord, what do you think?”

When the others heard what he said, they all nodded. Hu An said in a deep voice: "Okay, then go back and see the Holy Lord." After saying that, he stood up directly, and several other people also stood up. Then their figures disappeared directly into the room. The next moment they had arrived at the radar ship. After saying hello to Bai Yan, they took the magic circle in the radar ship and went directly to the Southern Tiger Temple. Then they sat in the teleportation array at the Huzun Temple in the south and went directly to the Jade Buddha Temple. After coming out of the teleportation array at the Jade Buddha Temple, they went to Emperor Sahitian's room.

When they arrived at Shakten's room, the little novice monk in front of the door directly let them into the room and told them that Shakten had been waiting for them. Although the four of them were a little confused, they entered the room directly. , as soon as they entered the room, they saw Di Shitian sitting cross-legged. The four people immediately put their hands together and saluted Di Shitian.

After bowing to Di Shitian, Di Shitian waved his hand and said: "Sit down, everyone. I haven't been here in the past few days. I feel a little strange why you haven't come. Tell me. Why haven't you come for so many days? But what's the matter? What's the reaction from the Blood Killing Sect?"

Hu An said in a deep voice: "Returning to the Holy Lord, these days we have been taking care of the disciples who have just joined the Blood Killing Sect and settling them in, so we did not come to see the Holy Lord. Everything is normal in the Blood Killing Sect, and there is nothing wrong with it. reaction, but the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have an extra lesson, that is, many disciples will gather together to discuss the previous battle between the two of us in the real illusion."

When Emperor Shitian heard what Hu An said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help but raise his eyebrows, and then said: "Oh? Discussing the war situation? Why did they do this? Did the people from the Blood Killing Sect ask them to do this? ?" Emperor Shitian was really curious about this, so he asked.

Hu An shook his head and said: "No, it is spontaneous. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not averse to fighting at all. On the contrary, they are very eager to fight, because the people of the Blood Killing Sect, when fighting, , there will be military merits, and with military merits, they can be turned into contribution points, and the contribution points can be exchanged for many good things in the Blood Killing Sect, various materials, various techniques, and even a certain elder's Guidance, these things can be exchanged for contribution points, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have a very strong desire for contribution points, so they are all eager to fight, and how to protect themselves in the battle is also their responsibility They really want to know, so sometimes they will get together with some familiar people to discuss the previous battles, find out some mistakes that occurred during those battles, and correct them."

Emperor Shitian nodded and said: "So, although the Blood Killing Sect is powerful, its viciousness is too strong, and it really needs Buddhism to neutralize it. How do you feel? The Blood Killing Sect's Buddhism is really related to us. Is the Buddha's Dharma the same?" This is the question that Emperor Shakten has always been very concerned about.

Hu He said in a deep voice: "Yes, Holy Lord, the Buddha Dharma learned by the Blood Killing Sect is exactly the same as the Buddha Dharma we have learned. The Buddha Dharma learned by the Blood Killing Sect is even more profound than what we have learned. I I have asked some ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They all have their own unique views on Buddhism, and their magic weapons are often engraved with some Buddhist scriptures, some scriptures or precepts. I heard them say, These scriptures and precepts are very useful in dealing with those Shadow Clan people. By the way, the evil force they were chasing before was the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws. I heard that this kind of Shadow Clan’s The power of law is very powerful. It can slowly devour the power of our law, turn our power of law into their power of law, and turn us people into Shadow Tribe people and finally slaves. It is very Terrible."

When Emperor Shitian heard what Hu He said, he also nodded and said in a deep voice: "So that's the case, no wonder, that's all, let's not say so much. It seems that the Blood Killing Sect really has no hostility towards us. , this is also a good thing for us. By the way, the people of the Blood Killing Sect, do they have any objection to our full resistance now?"

Hu An shook his head and said: "No, Holy Lord, the people of the Blood Killing Sect not only have no objection to our current resistance, but on the contrary, they are very happy. In their view, our current resistance is Only then can they become more aware of what their weaknesses are, which will allow them to make further progress.”

Emperor Shitian couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "I really didn't expect that the people of the Blood Killing Sect would be so warlike. Anyway, it seems that I can only slowly use Buddhism to get rid of this hostility in the future. , Forget it, you can go back, if they don’t resent it, then there is no need for us to change our strategy, and that’s how it will continue.”

Hu An and the others all responded, and then they stood up, bowed to Di Shitian, and then turned and left. However, after they left Di Shitian's room, their faces still looked a little unsightly. , but they didn’t say anything. They just got on the teleportation array, returned to the radar ship, and then returned to Xuanwu Space. When they returned to Xuanwu Space, they did not go back to their own rooms, but went to Hu An’s room. inside.

After they all arrived in Hu An's room and sat down, Hu An turned to the three of them and said, "What do you think about what the Holy Lord said today? Just say it directly. The Holy Lord has not joined the Blood Killing Sect yet. , is not very familiar with some situations in the sect, if he continues to hold this idea and joins the sect, it may not be a good thing for him. "

Hu Jing smiled bitterly and said: "The Holy Lord's current thoughts are already very dangerous. He thinks of the Blood Killing Sect too simply. He has mentioned several times that he needs to use Buddhism to eliminate the hostility of the Blood Killing Sect. But he didn't know that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, including the Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect, although they studied Buddhism intensively, they didn't necessarily believe in the Buddhism. For them, fighting That's what they need, and Buddhism is just a means to help them fight."