c7715 test

Zhu Yong was sitting in his room, looking at the projection in front of him, with a hint of a smile on his face. His room was not like other people's rooms. It looked very bright, just like Wen Wenhai's room. , although the light in his room is soft, it is very high. As soon as you enter his room, it will give people a very bright feeling. But Zhu Yong's room is different. His room seems a little dark, it can even be said to be very dark. In his whole room, there is only one light source behind him, and the light source is not very bright, because the light source is behind him. It came from behind, which made it almost impossible for people who entered his room to see his face immediately, and naturally it was impossible to see the expression on his face.

And because of the light, his room always gave people a very depressing feeling. Everyone who entered his room felt uncomfortable all over, especially his subordinates. There will be a feeling of panic.

Zhu Yong did this on purpose. He just wanted to create such an atmosphere, because he knew very well that he was an intelligence agent. He could not get too close to Wen Wenhai and the others. He usually helped Wen Wenhai and the others. It's okay to come up with ideas, and it's not impossible to go to Wen Wenhai and the others to talk about things, but if Wen Wenhai and the others come to visit him often, that's absolutely not allowed.

And in Zhu Yong's opinion, he must make his subordinates fear him. Only in this way, his subordinates cannot expose their identities in front of others, so he deliberately made his room A room like this would make others feel uncomfortable, so Wen Wenhai and the others would not come to his room, but his subordinates would be afraid of him and afraid of him, so they would not dare to disobey his orders.

So far, he has done very well. His subordinates are afraid of him. Although Wen Wenhai and others have some friendship with him and trust him very much, they have never visited him in his room. , and he gradually got used to such an environment, used to hiding his figure in the dark, used to not attracting attention.

Now Zhu Yong was looking at the projection in front of him. It took him a while to turn off the projection, and then murmured: "It looks pretty good. They finally understand people and don't mess around. If they dare to mess around, they will be afraid of being exposed." I won’t be able to see the sun tomorrow. This is a good thing. In this way, the Heavenly and Human Realm should be able to assimilate after a period of time. But for the Sea Clan, I really didn’t expect that they would be assimilated so quickly. But we must still monitor him for a while, and anyone who wants to affect the young master’s great cause must die.”

After saying this, Zhu Yong stood up and walked directly to the room inside. No one knew that there was actually a surveillance circle in the room of the main characters of the Blood Killing Sect, but people like Wen Wenhai and the others He has never used the surveillance array in the room, because he knows very well that Wen Wenhai and the others are absolutely impossible to betray Zhao Hai, so there is no need to use those arrays, but people like Hu An and others who have just joined For the people of the Blood Killing Sect, the magic circle in their room is not just for decoration, it must be used.

Zhu Yong, in addition to placing people from the intelligence department everywhere in the Blood Killing Sect, relies on these magic circles to collect intelligence. It can be said that no matter what the trouble is in the Blood Killing Sect, it cannot be hidden from his eyes. In the Blood Killing Sect, the only place he couldn't monitor was the place where Zhao Hai stayed. He couldn't monitor any of the places where Zhao Hai, Laura and the others stayed. It was his restricted area. If he dared to mess around , Zhao Hai would be the first to deal with him.

He had never thought about spying on Zhao Hai. He knew very well that Zhao Hai had other intelligence networks besides him. Maybe he had someone from another intelligence network, so he absolutely He doesn't dare to mess around, and he is absolutely loyal to Zhao Hai, so he will never mess around.

The power of Zhu Yong and his intelligence department is very great. They can monitor everyone in the Blood Killing Sect, but it is not necessarily how powerful they are. They can monitor those people, but if they want to It is impossible to deal with that person directly, because they do not have the power. If they find someone with a problem, they must report it to Zhao Hai. After Zhao Hai gives them an order, they can take action against that person. Without Zhao Hai If they dare to take action against that person, they are seeking death, and Zhao Hai will not let them go.

The reason why Zhu Yong makes people in the Blood Killing Sect fearful is because they don't know how many subordinates he has, nor who are his subordinates. His subordinates never reveal their identities in front of others, they just follow Just like ordinary disciples, they will not deliberately inquire about anyone's information, nor will they even deliberately make friends with anyone or obtain information. They are just like ordinary disciples, they should practice and fight. And it is this disciple who is the most terrifying person, because you will not doubt him, because you do not know how many there are, so you cannot even guard against them.

Although Zhu Yong is now monitoring Hu An and the others, he will not do anything as long as Hu An and the others do not mess around. Therefore, after knowing what Hu An and the others think, Zhu Yong will no longer care about them and return directly to himself. He went to practice in his room, and he would not always report to Zhao Hai. In fact, he reported many things directly to Laura and the others, who would handle them. Zhao Hai actually had very few Take care of these things.

But Zhu Yong knew very well that this did not mean that Zhao Hai did not value them. In fact, Zhao Hai valued them very much, and the more this happened, the less he dared to neglect them, because he did not know that Zhao Hai What kind of information is needed when? Once Zhao Hai needs information and they do not tell Zhao Hai the situation, then Zhao Hai may be disappointed with them, and they don't want to disappoint Zhao Hai.

What Zhu Yong didn't know was that Wen Wenhai was also in his room now, chatting with Chang Jun. Wen Wenhai looked at Chang Jun and said: "Are those people in the heaven and human world still honest these days? Our plan How's it going?" After Wen Wenhai and others in the Heaven and Human Realm joined the Blood Killing Sect, they began to let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect deliberately brainwash those people in the Heaven and Human Realm. The killing clan is more loyal to Zhao Hai. The second is to revive the wild nature in their bodies and see what kind of reaction they will have in the future.

If the wildness in their bodies is revived, they can turn into their original bodies again, which means that their previous ideas are not completely correct. Buddhism can only suppress the nature of the demon clan, but it cannot make the demon clan completely Losing the ability to transform, if that happens, they will have to find another way. It can be said that this is an experiment, an experiment that does no harm to those in the heaven and human world.

As for whether those people in the world of heaven and humans will go crazy, Zhu Yong and the others don't have to worry about this. It is very rare for those in the Blood Killing Sect to go crazy, regardless of Buddhism. Well, some Xuanmen techniques are very effective in restraining obsession, so in the Blood Killing Sect, even if someone wants to become obsessed, it is not a difficult thing.

In the past, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect had some mental problems after a long battle, and they could recover after adjusting for a period of time with Buddhist methods. In the Blood Killing Sect, the real people who died from being possessed by evil spirits were almost No, so they don't have anything to worry about. They can safely experiment with people from the heaven and human world. Not only will such experiments not make those people from the heaven and human world go crazy, it will also be of great benefit to their cultivation and release them. Their nature may make them more powerful.

When Chang Jun heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Those people in the heaven and human world are very honest, and to be honest, they are really very simple. Sometimes, they just say whatever we say. What do you believe? Our people have no sense of accomplishment. Now there are many people in the heaven and human world, and their hearts have begun to turn towards us, but those guys are too simple, and some people are actually making noises. I really don’t know what it means to return to secular life.”

Hearing what Chang Jun said, Wen Wenhai was stunned at first, but then he burst into laughter, and then he said: "Okay, if someone wants to return to secular life, let him return to secular life. There is nothing wrong with that." Yes, why are you angry?" To be honest, Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that such a thing would happen, he only felt it was ridiculous.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "What time is it now? The people from the Heavenly and Human Realm have not fully joined our Blood Killing Sect. If we agree to those people from the Heavenly and Human Realm returning to secular life now, those Heavenly and Human Realm people who have just joined the Blood Killing Sect will What would people in the human world think? What would those people in the heavenly world who have not yet joined the Blood Killing Sect think? Although they didn’t say it explicitly, could it be that those people still don’t understand that this is what we are doing behind the scenes? ? This is very detrimental to us."

Wen Wenhai smiled and said: "It's okay, just pay attention to the size in the future. As for those who want to return to secular life, it's like suppressing their affairs and saying that we can't let them return to secular life now. God The people here in the human world are all monsters. Letting them join the Blood Killing Sect will make our combat effectiveness stronger, but if they really dare to mess around, there is nothing wrong with dealing with them. "

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "It's better not to ruin the sect master's plan. Although the people here in the Heavenly and Human Realm are not great, don't forget that the Hai Clan has just joined the sect not long ago. If those Hai Clan people , seeing how we treat the people of the Heavenly and Human Realm, I have a pitiful thought. If it makes people's hearts unstable, it will cause turmoil in the sect. Although I believe that we will win in the end, they can't afford it. What kind of storm is coming? But then, we will have to kill a large number of people. If we kill all those people, then our Blood Killing Sect will lose a lot of combat effectiveness. This is not a big deal for us. It’s a good thing, so it’s better not to mess around.”

Wen Wenhai nodded without saying anything. Obviously, he thought Chang Jun's words were polite.