c7717 Return to secular life

When Emperor Shitian heard what Hu An said, he couldn't help being silent for a long time. After a while, he sighed and said: "Zhao Hai is truly a great man of his generation. It's rare for a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect to be so loyal to him." , It’s rare. It seems that we are indeed going to make some changes. Didn’t you say that there are Buddhist disciples in the Blood Killing Sect? What are the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect doing now? They live in the Blood Killing Sect. Is it okay?"

Hu Jing said: "The Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect live very well in their sect. I have heard before that the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are not actually Buddhist disciples. They are the Blood Killing Sect. The ordinary disciples here, the reason why they became Buddhist disciples is because they had a war-weary mood due to long-term fighting, and almost gave birth to inner demons. In the end, they used Buddhism to eliminate the inner demons, and then they became Buddhist disciples, and they now have their own tasks in the Blood Killing Sect. The Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect usually perform the task of rescue in the Blood Killing Sect. When fighting with the enemy, if there is When the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are injured, they will be responsible for rescuing those disciples and treating their injuries. In addition to rescuing, their fighting power is actually very powerful, especially the physical cultivation skills of those disciples. Incomparably, they must go to the battlefield when necessary, but now the Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will not have too many opportunities to directly go to the battlefield to fight the enemy. The number of Blood Killing Sect disciples exceeds 100 billion. For ordinary battles, those disciples only need to go there, and those Buddhist disciples don't have to go at all."

Emperor Shitian nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The most important inheritance among our Jade Buddha Temple lineage is actually the fighting inheritance. Our Jade Buddha Temple lineage can be said to be physical cultivation, but we are different from ordinary physical cultivation. The difference is that we can say that we are cultivating a kind of magical power, which can be said to be the Jade Vein Magical Power. Our defense and strength are the best in physical cultivation, and our attacks are inherently earth-based. energy, which makes our attacks more varied, so after our Jade Buddha Temple joins the Blood Killing Sect, we still have to focus on fighting."

Everyone agreed. This is indeed the case at the Jade Buddha Temple. Their Kung Fu is said to be a physical cultivation technique, but that is not all. Their Kung Fu actually has very high requirements for practice, and during the practice, There is one more thing that must be used, and that is the Geomagnetic Mountain. Practicing at the Geomagnetic Mountain can not only increase the weight on your body and make your strength stronger, but also make your body have the power of geomagnetism. , can even feel the power of the earth. It can be said that their skills are more suitable for fighting, and definitely not suitable for treating injuries.

Emperor Shitian looked at the crowd and said: "The practice of our Jade Buddha Temple is actually very difficult. The reason why I said before that we should promote Buddhism is actually because we are afraid that because of the difficulty of our practice, the inheritance of our Jade Buddha Temple will be in the blood in the future." The Killing Sect will be broken. If we perform better in battle, then won’t the inheritance of our Jade Buddha Temple be broken in the future?"

Upon hearing what Emperor Shitian said, Hu An was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately said: "Holy Lord, you don't have to worry about this. In fact, the inheritance of our Jade Buddha Temple, the Blood Killing Sect has basically been mastered, and it has entered Improvement, now many of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have modified the exercises of our Jade Buddha Temple. I even heard that the top leaders of the Blood Killing Sect are discussing that in the future, all earth attribute disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must practice it from the beginning. After practicing the exercises of our Jade Buddha Temple for a period of time, and after achieving certain achievements, they are allowed to change to other exercises."

When Di Shitian heard what Hu An said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then his eyes lit up, he glanced at Hu An and said, "Is this true?" What Di Shitian was actually most worried about was the inheritance of the practice. Now it can be said that he is the only person left in the Jade Buddha Temple. He feels that he has the responsibility to pass on the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple, so he wants to fight for greater power. Now when he hears Hu An say this, he He was really stunned, he never thought that it would be like this.

Huhe nodded and said: "That's true. There are many physical practices in the Blood Killing Sect, especially those of the earth system. The number is also very large. It is precisely because of this that the Blood Killing Sect has a lot of skills in this aspect. But they attach great importance to it, and the Blood Killing Sect, no matter what kind of skills they practice, requires them to practice physical training for a period of time. This is very important, and the skills of our Jade Buddha Temple have earth attributes. For monks, it is really suitable."

"But this training speed?" Di Shitian was still a little puzzled. He knew very well that the biggest disadvantage of the Jade Buddha Temple's skills was actually that his training speed was too slow, so he was so good at it. This is what they are most worried about, because there are many techniques that have been eliminated because their practice speed is too slow. He is worried that the techniques of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha are the same.

Hu An said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, Holy Lord, the Blood Killing Sect has improved the techniques of our Jade Buddha Temple, and the Blood Killing Sect's external incarnation can create the same effect as the geomagnetic mountain, that is, It is said that the disciples who practice our Jade Buddha Temple's exercises are equivalent to carrying a geomagnetic mountain with them. They can practice on the geomagnetic mountain at any time, so their practice speed is not slow at all, and is even faster than others. Improve your skills quickly."

When Emperor Shitian heard what Hu An said, he took a deep breath. He then murmured: "If this is really the case, it would be great. If the inheritance of my Jade Buddha Temple can be used in the Blood Killing Sect, If it can be passed down completely, it will definitely be a good thing for us."

Hu An nodded and said: "That is indeed the case, but there is one thing I want to tell the Holy Lord. Now many of our disciples who have joined the Blood Killing Sect, after learning about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect, they actually want to return to secular life. The Holy Lord also knows that all of our disciples are demons. After they became disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they learned about the Blood Killing Sect’s record, and the wild nature in their bodies awakened, so they wanted to return to secular life. Regarding this matter, The disciple really doesn’t know what to do.”

Di Shitian was stunned for a moment, then his face darkened and he said: "But those people from the Blood Killing Sect asked them to do this?" As soon as he heard the news, what Di Shitian immediately thought of was that the people from the Blood Killing Sect were here. He used this method to weaken their power, so he was very angry.

However, Hu An smiled bitterly and said: "To the Holy Lord, it is really not like this. Those disciples have been clamoring to return to secular life because the wild nature in their bodies has awakened, and the Blood Killing Sect has no idea about this matter. Their attitude is also very clear. They do not allow those disciples to return to secular life. If those disciples want to return to secular life, they must get our consent, otherwise they will never allow a disciple to return to secular life."

Emperor Shitian took a breath, thought for a while, and then murmured: "I really didn't expect that they would not allow those disciples to return to secular life, but whatever, whether it was the Blood Killing Sect who instructed those disciples to do this, or those disciples voluntarily, We have joined the Blood Killing Sect, so let them come and go as they please. If there are disciples who are really willing to return to secular life, let them return to secular life. If their wild nature really awakens, then they will never be able to return to secular life in the future. As it is, letting them return to secular life may be a good thing for them. Okay, you all can go back, I'm a little tired and need to take a rest."

Hu An and the others noticed that Emperor Shitian was in a low mood. They didn't say anything. They all stood up, bowed to Emperor Shitian, and then turned around and left. After arriving outside, Hu Jing turned around. He said to Hu An: "Hu An, is it necessary to tell the Holy Lord about this matter today? The Holy Lord seems to be very concerned about the disciples returning to secular life."

Hu An sighed softly and said: "Tell the Holy Lord about this matter earlier. If it is too late, if those disciples really make trouble, it will be even more ugly. By then the Holy Lord will know, It will only make us more sad. Just like the Holy Lord said, we have joined the Blood Killing Sect. Even if those disciples have returned to secular life, they and we are still members of the same sect, and we still have a good relationship with each other. If If it really gets to that point, it won’t look good on anyone’s face.”

When Hu Jing heard what Hu An said, he was stunned at first, and then sighed softly. He felt that what Hu An said was reasonable. There are many disciples now, and the voices of returning to secular life are getting louder and louder. If they really don't let them go, they will be in trouble in the future. If something really happens, it will only become more troublesome.

The group of people returned to the Blood Killing Sect. Hu An directly represented everyone and went to find Wen Wenhai. When he arrived outside Wen Wenhai's room, he knocked lightly on the door, and then heard a voice saying: "Come in." ." Hu An then opened the door and walked in. This was the first time Hu An came to Wen Wenhai's room.

Wen Wenhai was processing documents. When he heard that someone had come in, he raised his head. When he saw that it was Hu An who came in, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he immediately stood up and said to Hu An with a smile: "It turns out to be Elder Hu An. Please take a seat and serve tea." After saying that, he led Hu An to the sofa next to the room and sat down. A puppet servant brought him spiritual tea.

After Hu An thanked him, he did not drink tea. Wen Wenhai also knew that something must be wrong with him, so he was not polite, but said directly: "Elder Hu An, you came to see me, but what happened? If there is anything wrong, please tell me directly. In our Blood Killing Sect, we have always said that if anything happens, we will talk about it directly."

Hu An nodded, and then said to Wen Wenhai: "Elder Wen, it's like this. Recently, many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have joined us from the heaven and human world. They were originally Buddhist disciples, but now they are all disciples. They all demand to return to secular life, I wonder if Elder Wen knows about this."

Wen Wenhai really didn't expect that Hu An came here for this matter. Of course he knew about this matter. Although they did not agree with those disciples to return to the secular world, the reason why those disciples wanted to return to the secular world, to be honest, was They couldn't escape their relationship, so when Hu An asked about this matter, Wen Wenhai was really surprised. He thought Hu An was here to investigate.