c7721 epiphany

Zhao Hai looked at the person who appeared in the magic circle, and couldn't help but reveal a smile. Then he waved his hand, and the figure rushed towards Emperor Shitian without saying a word. Emperor Shitian, who was in shock, He woke up immediately. He looked at the Emperor Shakti who rushed over and couldn't help being shocked. The fake Emperor Shakti rushed over very fast, with great power and full of momentum. He knew at a glance that he was not easy to mess with. , if he couldn't cope with it with all his strength, the consequences would be really dangerous, so he also shouted loudly, and then rushed over directly, and at the same time, he smashed the vajra in his hand directly.

The fake Emperor Shakti also shouted wildly, and smashed the vajra in his hand. The two vajras collided with each other, and a loud bang was heard. The two of them retreated at the same time and kept flying. After retreating for more than a hundred miles, he stopped. The fake Emperor Shitian's body fluctuated for a while. At that moment, his body seemed to become a little more transparent, but in the blink of an eye, it returned to normal, and then directly returned to Rushed over.

As for the real Emperor Shitian, after he stopped, his face turned slightly pale. He ruled the roost with his strength. Unexpectedly, the fake Emperor Shitian was not inferior at all in terms of strength to the one just now. Suddenly, there was a hint of hidden injury on his body, which surprised him extremely.

Now when he saw the opponent rushing over again, his face couldn't help but become more solemn, but he still calmed down and rushed over directly, and then the two emperors were fighting together. But Zhao Hai stood aside and looked at the two of them intently.

At this time, Hu An and the others also slowly came to Zhao Hai. They already knew from the conversation between Zhao Hai and Di Shitian that Di Shitian was ready to die for the Jade Buddha Temple, and now Di Shitian was no longer alive. They were ready to be martyred, so they were somewhat grateful to Zhao Hai, so they came to Zhao Hai.

Hu An glanced at Zhao Hai who was looking at the battlefield. He wanted to speak, but he didn't know what to say. He didn't know how to speak for a moment. At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly said: "But what's the matter?" What do you want to ask?" Zhao Hai had already discovered Hu An's actions, so he asked.

When Hu An heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "Yes, Sect Master, we just want to know, who is it that fights with the Holy Lord? Why is it so strong?" This is really Hu An's most powerful thing. The question I want to know is who is the person fighting against Emperor Shitian and why is he so strong.

Zhao Hai glanced at the battlefield and said in a deep voice: "It's nothing, it's just the obsession in Emperor Shitian's heart. How big his obsession is, how strong the shadow is. In these years, Emperor Shitian has been He has an obsession with the Jade Buddha Temple, even to the point of wanting to kill Taoism. Although he no longer thinks about martyrdom, he is thinking about revenge. This is also a kind of obsession, and that magic circle, but It just transforms the obsession in his heart into a real enemy. When he discovers that the enemy in front of him is the obsession in his heart, and when he lets go of the obsession in his heart, then he can defeat the enemy."

Hu An and the others were stunned for a moment, but then their expressions changed. They were also people who practiced Buddhism intensively, and they naturally knew the three poisons of Buddhism. The three poisons mentioned in Buddhism are greed, anger, and ignorance. These three poisons are the great precepts of Buddhism. It is precisely because of this that the three poisons of Buddhism are very scary to those who practice Buddhism.

However, Emperor Shitian actually had crazy thoughts in his heart, and the crazy thoughts were so strong. This was something they did not expect. They were people who practiced Buddhism intensively. Of course they understood that people like Emperor Shitian were already enlightened. You are such a great monk, why do you still have such big obsessions? This doesn't make sense?

Zhao Hai glanced at Hu An and the others, and then said: "It is the Buddhist Emperor Shaktian who has achieved the Buddha's fruition. Emperor Shaktian is one of the twenty heavens in Buddhism, but he has seven emotions. He is not free from the six desires, so he is more susceptible to the influence of the three poisons of greed, anger, and ignorance. If he can really defeat the three poisons and restrain them, his strength will only go further."

When Hu An and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all whispered the Buddha's name and bowed down to receive the teachings. They had never had contact with Zhao Hai before, although everyone in the Blood Killing Sect said that Zhao Hai had a lot of knowledge about Buddhism. In-depth research, but they were a little unconvinced, but speaking these words to Zhao Hai today made them believe the words of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Zhao Hai did have a deep study of Buddhism.

At this time, Di Shitian was still fighting with the fake Di Shitian, but the more he looked for him, the more he discovered that the fake Di Shitian's strength seemed to be increasing, which made Di Shitian very puzzled. He didn't understand what was going on, but he was eager to win, and at the same time he became more determined. He must defeat this fake Emperor Shakti, because only by defeating this fake Emperor Shakti can he join Kill the clan with blood, and then take revenge for the Temple of the Emerald Buddha.

Thinking of this, his men couldn't help but attack even more urgently, but the strength of the fake Emperor Shitian actually became more powerful. He could even tie with the fake Emperor Shitian before, but now he and As soon as Emperor Shitian fought against him, he realized that he seemed to be no match for the fake Emperor Shitian.

This made Di Shitian very puzzled. He saw with his own eyes that this fake Di Shitian just flew out of a magic circle of Zhao Hai. It was just a projection at most. How could it be his? opponent? He couldn't help but get angrier, and the attack in his hands tightened.

But Emperor Shakti knew that he was not as powerful as the fake Emperor Shaktian, so he was using some clever skills now. He did not fight head-on with the fake Emperor Shaktian, but just surrounded the fake Emperor Shaktian. Shi Tian kept attacking. It can be said that in terms of power that he was proud of, the fake Emperor Shi Tian had completely surpassed him. This made Emperor Shi Tian really shocked and angry.

But he soon discovered that the fake Emperor Shitian was even more powerful, which made him really don't know what to say. He really didn't understand why the fake Emperor Shitian, The strength is so strong, what is going on? Even if he is an energy creature, it is impossible for him to be so strong?

He was thinking, he was thinking, this fake Emperor Shakten didn't seem to be so strong at the beginning, how did he become stronger and stronger? When did it become stronger and stronger? When masters fight, the most taboo thing is to be distracted. Emperor Shitian was thinking about these things, and his men couldn't help but slow down. Then he felt wind coming from the back of his head, and a bad wind hit the back of his head. Emperor Shitian couldn't help being shocked. He instinctively leaned forward. Then he felt a cold feeling on the back of his head. The huge vajra butt ring swept over his head. If his movements were If he slowed down a little, he would be hit by this ring, and he might be killed immediately.

Then Emperor Shitian quickly stepped aside. At the same time, he was already covered in cold sweat. This move just now was really too dangerous. He almost lost his own life. But at this time, But it also made him feel that he calmed down instantly. Then a flash of inspiration came to his mind, and he suddenly thought, why did the fake Emperor Shitian become stronger? Every time he made up his mind or got angry. When the time comes, the fake Di Shitian will become stronger, which makes Di Shitian think of the three poisons of Buddhism. When he thinks of this, Di Shitian also thinks of the magic circle in Zhao Hai's hand, which is a Buddhist The magic circle, and this fake Emperor Shitian came out of that magic circle. This Emperor Shitian was even more sure of his idea.

Then he stopped immediately, then turned to look at the fake Emperor Shakti, and the expression on his face slowly calmed down. Then he directly made the vajra smaller, then lowered his eyes and began to recite the scripture silently. He ignored the fake Emperor Shaktian who rushed towards him and pretended that he didn't exist.

As the verses came out, he felt that his heart slowly calmed down, and all his obsessions were slowly let go. In the end, he even entered a state where he forgot both things and me. He had forgotten that he was still on the battlefield and that a powerful enemy was attacking him.

But in Hu'an's view, it was that Emperor Shizui put away his weapons and chanted sutras in silence, while the fake Emperor Shitian slowly disappeared when he attacked Emperor Shizui, and finally disappeared. When the vajra was about to attack Emperor Shitian, it had completely disappeared.

Although the fake Emperor Shakti had disappeared, the real Emperor Shakti was still there with his eyes closed and chanting sutras. At this time, Zhao Hai laughed and said: "Not bad, it's really good. On the battlefield , Those who dare to realize the truth in the face of danger are really rare. Unless they have great wisdom and great concentration, they cannot do it. Starting from today, Emperor Shitian's strength will surely reach a higher level."

Hu An and the others were overjoyed when they heard what Zhao Hai said, and they all whispered the Buddha's name. Zhao Hai turned to look at them, and then said in a deep voice: "You guys should wait for him here until he wakes up." After arriving, I brought him directly to the Blood Slaughter Sect to see me. I don’t think he is looking for me to compete. If he is looking for me to compete, I don’t mind having a fight with him." said Wan laughed out loud, but with the laughter, his figure slowly disappeared.

Hu An and the others saluted in the direction where Zhao Hai disappeared, and then they all stood around Emperor Shitian to protect him. They knew very well that at this time, Emperor Shitian was the one who needed protection the most. No one can disturb the Emperor. If he disturbs the Emperor at this time, the Emperor may be injured or even go crazy. Even if he is not injured and does not go crazy, then the Emperor will have an epiphany this time. , I'm afraid it will be of no use. If that is really the case, then the loss of Emperor Shitian will be great. You must know that enlightenment is very important for any monk. Some monks may even lose it in their lifetime. There is no way to have an epiphany, so this epiphany is really too important for Emperor Shaktian and must not be disturbed.

But this is the world of gods and humans, and this is the Jade Buddha Temple. No one will disturb you here. Even the whole space is very quiet. Only in the Jade Buddha Temple can you hear the low chanting of Emperor Shakti. Voice.