c7726 comity

Ancient Yi has the deepest understanding of the blessing of skills, so he is the most likely person to become the leader of the team, but at the same time, he is not a person who is very suitable to be the leader. This is not just because he is a member of the undead clan. It’s even more because although he has a deep understanding of the blessings of the exercises and uses them very well, there is always a lack of murderous intent and determination to move forward in his blessings. This is his most important thing. Something is missing.

The eight moves of the bloody battle are very simple. What he really has is his sword intention, which is the momentum of going forward and fighting to the end. However, Gu Yi is a little worse in this aspect. On the contrary, among the entire team, The other person, although his understanding of the Eight Styles of Blood War is very shallow, he has that kind of momentum, as if he has more experience in this set of exercises. This person is none other than Yuan Kong.

The Eight Blood Fighting Moves of the Blood Killing Sect are very simple, and the important thing is the intention. Therefore, the Blood Killing Sect has also made some improvements to the Eight Blood Fighting Moves. In the past, the Eight Blood Fighting Moves could only be used with knives, but now the Blood Killing Sect's The Eight Styles of Bloody Battle can already be used with all other weapons, but the tricks are all the same.

Although Yuan Kong had just joined the Blood Killing Sect not long ago and had not learned the Eight Blood Fighting Styles for a long time, when he used the Eight Blood Fighting Styles, his power was very huge, even though he used a stick. The Eight Forms of Blood Fighting, but the power was even stronger than when Gu Yi used the Eight Forms of Blood Fighting.

It is precisely because of this that Yuan Kong and Gu Yi paid great attention to Zhang Ke's words, especially when it came to choosing a leader. If they could become the leader of a team, it would also be great for them. A great honor, and most importantly, they can also get more training materials.

After Yuan Kong heard what Zhang Ke said, he looked a little unnatural. He knew very well that in the entire team, there were not many people who had the ability to compete for that position. There were only two people with the most hope. One is him, the other is Gu Yi, and Gu Yi is much older than him, and has a much better understanding of the blessings of exercises than him, so he is most likely to be the leader. It must be the Ancient One.

But he really wants to be the leader. He is a person who has just joined the Blood Killing Sect not long ago. Although his training speed is not slow, his current strength is still higher than that of Gu Yi and the others. It's a bit worse, so he hopes to get more materials to speed up his training, and becoming his leader is an opportunity.

But if he really competed with Gu Yi, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to compete with Gu Yi. Just when he was thinking about how to win the position of leader, he felt someone pat him on the back, and then Then I heard a voice saying: "Old monkey, what are you thinking about? I think the position of leader in our team must belong to you."

Yuan Kong was stunned, of course he knew that this was Gu Yi talking to him, he turned to look at Gu Yi with some confusion, and then said in a deep voice: "Bones, you are the most qualified person to be the leader, right? ? I have just learned the Eight Styles of Blood War for a short time, how can I become a leader?" Yuan Kong didn't quite understand what Gu Yi meant, so what he said was actually a test.

Gu Yi looked at Yuan Kong, shook his head and said: "It's different. When I used the Eight Forms of Blood War, I didn't have the momentum you did. The Eight Forms of Blood War are heavy on momentum. Although the Eight Forms of Blood War you used are now You are not my opponent, but that is just because the time is short. After giving you a period of time, you will definitely use the Eight Blood Fighting Styles better, and you will definitely surpass me by then. The Eight Bloody Fighting Styles are actually not suitable for me. I am just because I am not strong enough to join those special teams, so I have to learn the eight bloody battle styles. I cannot be a leader. I know my own things. If I really become the leader, what will happen to our entire team? , are all a disaster, you are the most suitable candidate. After today's training is over, you can come to my place. I will teach you all my experience in practicing the eight bloody battle postures. Practice well and try to get there early. Become a leader a little bit.”

When Yuan Kong heard what Gu Yi said, he couldn't help being surprised. He immediately turned to Gu Yi and said, "Bones, don't say that. The eight bloody battle styles I saw changed for no reason, but they were much more attractive than me. You take this as a The leader is the most suitable, how can you say it is not suitable?" Yuan Kong and Gu Yi have known each other for a long time, and he can hear that Gu Yi is serious, that is to say, Gu Yi is real I think he is very suitable to be the leader.

Gu Yi shook his head and said in a deep voice: "What I said is true. You just told me my biggest problem. In fact, the most suitable technique for me is the divine machine, not the eight bloody battle styles. The eight bloody battle styles There is no need for too many changes, the momentum is enough, and the eight moves can be integrated with each other. That is the best Eight Blood Fighting Styles. Too many changes will only make the sharpness of the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles disappear, and there will be no sharpness. The eight bloody battle styles will reduce the power by at least half, which is the most critical, so I say that you are the most suitable person to lead, not even Zhangtou."

Yuan Kong really didn't know what to say. He really didn't expect this to happen. To be honest, when he was in the heaven and human world, although he was a Buddhist disciple, within Buddhism, it was not necessarily the case. Although it is so quiet, there is still competition between each other, and there are still many, so in Buddhism, there are also many battles between disciples. Yuan Kong has often participated in such overt and covert battles before.

He thought that it would be the same when he came to the Blood Killing Sect, so when he heard that he was going to choose a leader, he had already thought of having a fight with Gu Yi. As for the previous friendship between the two, in the face of such interests, there was It really didn't matter when he was there, he was already ready to fall out with Gu Yi.

But he didn't expect that Gu Yi would say this, which surprised him. He didn't expect that the situation inside the Blood Killing Sect would be like this. This was completely different from his previous experience. , so for a moment, he really didn't know what to say.

But he soon came back to his senses. He looked at Gu Daodao: "Bones, if you can't become the leader, then you will get a lot less supplies. You don't want to improve your strength. If you really It can improve your own strength, wouldn't it be easier if you join the special branch team?"

Gu Yi shook his head and said: "It won't be that easy. Do you think your strength will be improved immediately after you get the materials? I got a lot of materials before, but do you see that my strength has improved now? ?I have accumulated enough now. The only difference is actually an epiphany, so the extra supplies are of no use to me. Being a leader is of no benefit to me. What I need now It is a battle, and what is needed is military merit. Only with military merit can I get another opportunity, an opportunity to go to Daozi Mountain to gain enlightenment."

When Yuan Kong heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned, and then he turned to Gu with his eyes shining: "Gu Gu, do you want to go to Daozi Mountain to meditate? I heard that everyone could go there to meditate in the past. , why didn’t you go there then? Is it really as magical as everyone says?”

Gu Yi smiled bitterly and said: "Who said I haven't been there before? I have been there before, but because I didn't have enough experience, I didn't get anything out of it when I went there, and I almost got myself injured, so I don’t dare to go there anymore, but now I want to go there. It already requires military merit in exchange, but it is really magical there. The huge Tao character there was written by the sect master himself. The character looks like It's ordinary, but it's actually very magical. No matter what kind of exercises you learn, no matter what you want to practice, you will gain something there. Old monkey, if you have the chance, you must go to Daozi Mountain to see it. Look, you must go.”

When Yuankong heard what Gu Yi said, he also nodded and said: "Okay, if I have the chance, I will definitely go there and have a look. I really want to see what the word Dao looks like." Yuankong thought about it. I was a little excited. What kind of word is a Tao that can allow people to understand any skill?

Gu Yi smiled and said: "You will not be disappointed, but you must remember that accumulation is very important. If you don't accumulate enough, don't go, otherwise it will be harmful to you." Yuan Kongdian He nodded, knowing that this was Gu Yi's experience and he would definitely keep it in mind.

Just as they were entering, they heard Zhang Ke's voice: "Everyone, get ready, our comrades are coming." As soon as they heard him shouting, everyone fell silent, and then concentrated their attention. In the past, everyone soon saw two teams of people rushing towards them.

The location where they are located is on the top of a mountain. The terrain here is actually based on that of the Heaven and Human Realm. This is an unnamed hill in the Heaven and Human Realm, and this hill is where people from their three branches gather. They arrived first, and the other two people from the hair salon had just arrived.

After the people from the other two teams also landed on the hill, Zhang Ke went forward to contact the people from the other two branches. The people from the three branches immediately gathered together. They were not familiar with each other. Now they must first Get to know each other and know what each branch is good at, and then we can act together.

Although the teams of each branch of the Blood Killing Sect are very familiar with the various formations of the Blood Killing Sect, the formations or fighting methods that each team is best at are also different. If it is done by a large army, Fighting, that's easy to say, no matter what you are good at, you must follow orders, then there will be nothing to say to that family. But the current situation is different. Now they have several teams fighting together, and the situation is completely different. They must understand each other and know what the other party is best at. Only in this way can they truly show their full potential. combat effectiveness.

You must know that they are facing five teams this time, and the number of people is much larger than theirs. If they cannot cooperate well, they may only be the ones who fail in the end. There is no other possibility. Even if they fail, it is not possible. There are no penalties, but no one wants to fail.