c7720 martyrdom

"Hahaha, Venerable Emperor Shitian, if you are so interested, Zhao Hai should accompany you." With a burst of laughter, Zhao Hai had appeared not far away in front of Emperor Shitian, and Hu An They all saw Zhao Hai, and they immediately saluted Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai waved his hands, smiled at them and said, "That's it, everyone, please stand aside."

Hu An and the others all agreed, and then they all glanced at Di Shitian, and then silently stepped aside. In fact, they are the most difficult people now, because they were originally taught by Di Shitian, so they can They were said to be disciples of Emperor Shitian, but now they have become members of the Blood Killing Sect. In this case, when Emperor Shitian and Zhao Hai were fighting, they were caught in the middle.

Although they wanted to help Di Shitian deal with Zhao Hai, they also knew very well that if they really helped Di Shitian deal with Zhao Hai, it would be tantamount to betraying the Blood Killing Sect. In that case, with Those disciples from the heaven and human world who joined the Blood Killing Sect together with them were probably in danger.

But if they don’t help Di Shitian deal with Zhao Hai, then Di Shitian will never be Zhao Hai’s opponent. If one of them fails, if something happens to Di Shitian, their consciences will be uneasy. It is precisely because of this that they are now in a dilemma and don't know what to do.

Zhao Hai ignored them, but turned to look at Emperor Shitian, and then said: "Honorable Emperor Shitian, I have expected this battle today, but I didn't expect it to come so soon. Now Hu An and the others are all here too, I just want you to tell me, do you really want to join our Blood Killing Sect, or are you planning to be a martyr for the Jade Buddha Temple?"

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Emperor Shitian couldn't help but be startled. He then glanced at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Why does Sect Master Zhao Hai have such thoughts? Why do you think that I will die for the Jade Buddha Temple?" He said When he said this, his expression was still very calm, his eyes were also very calm, and there was no emotion in him. However, Zhao Hai's words were really surprising.

Zhao Hai looked at Emperor Shitian, smiled slightly and said: "I just thought of it suddenly. Didn't Venerable Emperor Shitian think about it?" Although Zhao Hai had a smile on his face, there was not much in his eyes. Smile, on the contrary, there was a trace of appreciation and a trace of regret in his eyes.

Emperor Shitian looked at Zhao Hai, burst out laughing and said: "Zhao Hai is indeed the master of Zhao Hai. You are right, you are absolutely right. I do have the intention of martyrdom for the Jade Buddha Temple, Jade Buddha." The Buddhist temple has perished a long time ago. I have already guessed this. Although I had no way to contact people from the outside world before, since the Temple of the Emerald Buddha has not contacted me for so many years, I have already guessed that something must have happened to the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. Well, what you said before about the invasion of the Shadow Clan's law power confirmed my thoughts. Something was definitely going on at the Jade Buddha Temple, but I couldn't leave. From your mouths, I confirmed this. After this incident, I already had this thought. I am from the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. Although I am only the guardian beast of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, I was born and raised in the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. Otherwise, I would also I will not be sent here, so I have already regarded the Jade Buddha Temple as my sect. If my sect is destroyed, then what is the point of me living alone in the world? I might as well A vigorous battle will let everyone in the world know what kind of people the people of the Emerald Buddha Temple are like."

Zhao Hai looked at Emperor Shitian and suddenly smiled and said: "I don't really agree with your idea. You haven't joined the Blood Killing Sect yet, so you don't know what kind of sect the Blood Killing Sect is. I don’t know how the Blood Killing Sect was established. When I was in the lower realm, my Blood Killing Sect was one of the ten major sects of the lower realm. It was unparalleled in strength and extremely powerful. However, later on, my Blood Killing Sect was taken over by the upper realm. The great power has been wiped out. The entire Blood Killing Sect, except for me, only has a few thousand remnant soldiers left. It can be said that the Blood Killing Sect has been wiped out. If I have the same idea as you, then the Blood Killing Sect has been wiped out. The Killing Sect will never be rebuilt, and the inheritance of the Blood Killing Sect may have been cut off long ago."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai stopped, glanced at Emperor Shitian, and then said in a deep voice: "When I knew that the Blood Killing Sect was destroyed, the first thing I thought of was to kill the Blood Killing Sect. Inheritance must be passed on, and the second is revenge, killing those who dare to destroy my Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because of this thought that I can get to where I am today step by step."

"The situation in which we were killed by blood at that time was a hundred times more difficult than what you are doing now. When we looked up, we were surrounded by enemies. As long as someone knew that we were members of the Blood Killing Sect, their first reaction would be to kill us directly. It is absolutely impossible for us to survive. As for our inheritance, it will be cut off directly. But what you are encountering now is us. We agree with you to join the Blood Killing Sect, and agree with you to destroy the Jade Buddha Temple in the Blood Killing Sect. The inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple will be passed down. Although it is said that there will be no Jade Buddha Temple in the future, the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple is guaranteed, and if you join our Blood Killing Sect, you will become a part of the Blood Killing Sect. , then your enemies will be our enemies in the future, that is to say, you will still have the opportunity to take revenge with your own hands in the future. In this case, I really don’t understand why you still want to die for the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. "

Di Shitian had been listening to Zhao Hai's words quietly. It was not until Zhao Hai finished speaking that he turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, "You said you are willing to help us take revenge?" When Di Shitian said this , his mood finally showed a slight fluctuation. If he had already had the will to die before, now there was finally a spark in his pile of ashes.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, what kind of sect is our Blood Killing Sect? When we get to Wanshan Realm, we will definitely go to war with the Shadow Clan, and all the people who work with us to deal with the Shadow Clan are ours." Friends, those who do not fight against the Shadow Clan with us are enemies, but we will not completely trust our allies. Only those who become our Blood Killing Clan will we treat them as friends, so when we go to Wanshan Realm , the various sects in Wanshan Realm will definitely become our enemies, and you will naturally be able to take revenge when the time comes."

Di Shitian looked at Zhao Hai for a while and then said: "The Blood Killing Sect is really overbearing." Di Shitian was actually talking about Zhao Hai. He felt that Zhao Hai was too overbearing in doing things. That's why he said this, but there was already a hint of briskness in his tone.

Zhao Hai laughed loudly and said: "We are the Blood Killing Sect. Who have we ever been afraid of in the Blood Killing Sect? Only people are afraid of us. We have never been afraid of others. Emperor Shitian, you are the one who joined the Blood Killing Sect. If you don't know how to cherish your luck, then I won't say anything. If you know how to cherish it, then you shouldn't have any thoughts of martyrdom, that's too ridiculous."

Emperor Shitian looked at Zhao Hai, then nodded and said: "Okay, I will not die for the Jade Buddha Temple. I will join the Blood Killing Sect. When the Blood Killing Sect enters the Wanshan Realm, I will definitely fight for the Jade Buddha Temple." Revenge, no matter whether you will avenge the Emerald Buddha Temple or not, I will avenge the Emerald Buddha Temple. However, this battle must be fought. After this battle, I have an explanation for the Emerald Buddha Temple. From now on, I am a member of the Blood Killing Sect, and I am avenging the Jade Buddha Temple. This is also out of morality. I wonder if the sect leader agrees?" When Shi Yi said this, Emperor Shitian's eyes were fixed. Look at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai laughed loudly and said in a deep voice: "Okay, I agree. Of course I agree. Come on, let me see how strong you are, and your wish is granted." After saying this, Zhao Haihai was stunned. Standing there with a calm face, looking at Emperor Shitian, Emperor Shitian looked at Zhao Hai and said nothing, but gave a slight salute to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Emperor Shitian and smiled slightly. At this time, the elephant that Emperor Shitian was sitting on had already rushed towards Zhao Hai. Although the white elephant was very tall, its speed was not at all. Not slow, it can even be said to be very fast. In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Zhao Hai, and the vajra in Emperor Shitian's hand had already hit Zhao Hai.

This vajra can be regarded as a strange weapon. This kind of weapon is divided into many styles. Some have double-sided rings, some have double-sided blades, and some have one-sided ring and one side with blades. The one used by Emperor Shitian The vajra is a double-sided nine-stranded vajra. This kind of vajra can only be used by people with very high status in Buddhism.

In fact, the real Buddhist vajra is not very big, and the length of use is also required. However, Emperor Shakti can be said to be a war Buddha. He is actually a protector of Buddhism. It is said in Buddhist scriptures that he constantly controls the seven emotions and six desires. , so he, he is more like a human being, so the vajra he uses is not only used as a magic weapon, but more as a weapon, and if this vajra is really put into the To the extent that a weapon can be used, this Vajra is definitely a heavy weapon.

Emperor Shitian used such a heavy weapon. In addition, his mount was a white elephant, which can be said to be extremely powerful. When he smashed the pestle down, it was so powerful that the space almost collapsed. But Zhao Hai still stood there without moving, until the pestle hit the top of his head. Only then did a magic circle appear on top of Zhao Hai's head, and this magic circle was different from the magic circle he used before. There are many differences among the formations. This formation is actually made of Buddhist formation talismans. It looks very simple. There are only a dozen formation talismans in total, rotating in a circle above his head.

Emperor Shitian's Vajra was hitting the magic circle, and a loud bang was heard. The Vajra was bounced back, but above the magic circle, there was a golden light, and then a golden The figure slowly appeared on the magic circle. At first, the figure was still very blurry, but slowly, it became clearer and clearer. When this figure appeared clearly on the magic circle, At that time, everyone present was stunned.

They had no way not to be stunned, because the figure that appeared on the magic circle turned out to be another Emperor Shakti. This Emperor was also sitting on the back of the white elephant, holding a vajra in his hand, exactly the same as Emperor Shakti. .