c7724 change

"But what you said has anything to do with what you said before, that the Blood Killing Sect is divided into two parts?" Emperor Shitian looked at Hu An with some confusion. He did not understand the meaning of Hu An's words. , Hu An said that the Blood Killing Sect was divided into two parts, but in the end it was transferred to the first one, which puzzled him.

Hu An smiled bitterly and said: "Holy Lord, I mentioned that the Blood Killing Sect is divided into two parts, just to tell you that the leader is the God of the Blood Killing Sect, and only he can become the God of the Blood Killing Sect. It seems that Elder Wen and the others manage the entire Blood Killing Sect, but the real lifeline of the Blood Killing Sect is controlled by a few ladies. In the Blood Killing Sect, there is no need for Elder Wen and the others, and Elder Wen and the others are considered dead. , a few ladies can manage the Blood Killing Sect very well, but if these ladies are unhappy, then the Blood Killing Sect will probably be in chaos soon."

"With so many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the supplies they need every day are an unimaginable amount, and these things are all arranged and provided by the logistics department of several ladies. There has never been a shortage of supplies. The Blood Killing Sect has never been short of supplies. We have been constantly deploying troops abroad, and there has never been such a situation. It can be imagined how important this logistics department is, and the most important power of faith is also managed and provided by the logistics department. It can be said that the entire logistics department is The lifeblood of the Blood Killing Sect is in the hands of a few ladies. In addition to the contribution made by the sect leader, do you still think that someone else can become the only true god of the Blood Killing Sect? Is there anyone else who can Does it threaten the status of the sect leader?"

When Emperor Shitian heard what Hu An said, he immediately understood what Hu An meant. He nodded and said: "You mean, although the sect leader seems to not care about the sect's affairs on the surface, in fact The lifeline of the sect has always been controlled by the sect master, so no one dares not to listen to what the sect master says."

Hu An nodded and said: "This is part of the reason, but the bigger reason is that the sect master really did his best. He made everyone stronger, and he gave everyone hope of immortality. He provides the best environment for everyone, so he can become the leader of the Blood Killing Sect. The only true god of the Blood Killing Sect, the Holy Lord, what I mean by this is actually to say that there is nothing wrong with following the leader. Yes, as long as we help the sect master live forever, then the sect master will in turn make us all immortal. We are all monks, isn’t immortality our goal?”

Di Shitian was silent for a moment, and then said: "You are talking about the first meeting. You all participated in this meeting from beginning to end. What do you think?" Di Shitian did not react to what Hu An said. Instead of responding, let Hu An and the others talk about their feelings about the second meeting.

Hu An looked at Emperor Shitian and spoke after a while: "In fact, there is no need to say too much in the second meeting. It will only show how experienced Elder Wen Wenhai is in management. Holy Lord, Blood Killing Sect It’s just a piece of cake, and look at what the sect leader said about the Sea Clan today, but based on my observations over the past period of time, those Sea Clan have almost integrated into the Blood Killing Sect, and they are very concerned about life in the Blood Killing Sect. satisfy."

Di Shitian said in a deep voice: "I really can't tell now that there is a Hai Clan in the Blood Killing Sect. I don't know much about this Hai Clan. Can you explain it in detail?" Di Shitian said about the Hai Clan. He really doesn’t know much about the Blood Killing Clan. After all, he just joined the Blood Killing Sect, and he really doesn’t know much about the situation of the Blood Killing Sect.

Hu An turned his head and glanced at Hu Jing. Hu Jing said in a deep voice: "Holy Lord, I have also conducted some investigations on the Hai Clan. Let me tell you that the Hai Clan of the Blood Killing Sect is actually also It can be divided into two parts. The first part is the Sea Clan of the Blood Killing Sect. These Sea Clan people originally lived in the Endless Sea of ​​the Blood Killing Sect, which is now called the Xuanwu Sea. They were originally some Sea Clan from other interfaces. Later, they were subdued by the sect leader and joined the Blood Killer Sect. They have been living in the Xuanwu Sea. They used to receive the same treatment as the disciples of the Blood Killer Sect. However, because the Blood Killer Sect did not pay much attention to the Hai Clan before, the sect leader focused on training at that time. , and Elder Wen and the others don’t know much about the Sea Clan, so the Sea Clan has never been taken seriously. If they are not taken seriously, they will not have many opportunities to participate in the war, they will not get many contribution points, and there will be no way to exchange for more. Good things, so their progress has not been very fast, but they can keep up with the training speed of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect."

"Later, the Blood Killing Sect attacked the Dragon Realm, which was the previous interface of our heaven and human world. The Dragon Realm was an ocean world. There they met the Dragon Realm Sea Clan again. This is the Blood Killing Sect's Sea Clan. The second part is that these sea people are from the Dragon Realm, but the Dragon King there was affected by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws and was very cruel to those sea people. He even wanted to kill the then prime minister of the sea people, Jiu Linglao. Elder, the old elder Jiuling escaped. When the Blood Killing Sect attacked the Hai Clan, the sect leader personally came forward and subdued the old elder Jiuling. He joined the Blood Killing Sect, and then he personally came forward and persuaded many Sea Clan to surrender. , those Sea Clan all joined the Blood Killing Sect, and their joining also made the Blood Killing Sect pay attention to the Sea Clan. Only then did they discover that the Sea Clan had more people than they imagined, and they might even have already It is said to be the largest clan in the Blood Killing Sect, so they immediately began to accept the Sea Clan, and finally all those Sea Clan joined the Blood Killing Sect and became a member of the Blood Killing Sect."

"The Blood Killing Sect's method of accepting these sea clans is also very simple. It's the same as for us. They break up all the sea clans and assign them to different branches. At the same time, they also build many branches in the sea. After transferring some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to the sea, the Sea Clan was integrated into the Blood Killing Sect in the shortest possible time. And because most of the Sea Clan are the original Sea Clan of the Blood Sect, so It can be said that this kind of integration did not cause any trouble. They were originally disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so they were naturally closer to the Blood Killing Sect and would not be closer to the later Sea Clan, but they did not look down on them. The meaning of those Sea Clan, so the Sea Clan integrated into the Blood Killing Sect very quickly. Now the Sea Clan has basically integrated with the Blood Killing Sect, so I feel that what the sect leader said today is actually mainly for We said so."

Emperor Shitian nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "We have now joined the Blood Killing Sect. No matter what ideas we have, we can't leave the Blood Killing Sect, so there are no more ideas. , that’s all we need to fully support the Blood Killing Sect. As you said, the Blood Killing Sect is now monolithic. If we follow the Blood Killing Sect, we can keep moving forward. If we don’t follow the Blood Killing Sect, we are afraid that we will only die. , then there is nothing more to say. From now on, we will be the members of the Blood Killing Sect. All we need to do is fully cooperate with the actions of the Blood Killing Sect. You should also look at the disciples below and make it clear to them. From now on, we will be the members of the Blood Killing Sect. People from the Blood Killing Sect, even if they are still Buddhist disciples, are also Buddhist disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so don’t think about anything else and go ahead.”

When Hu An and the others heard what Emperor Shitian said, they were all stunned. Then their faces couldn't help but be happy. Then they saluted Emperor Shitian almost at the same time and said in unison: "Yes, Holy Lord, I'll be waiting for you right away." Just go make arrangements." After saying that, they exited the room, and they were really secretly relieved about Emperor Shaktian's decision.

Hu An and the others have always been very worried about Emperor Shitian, worried that Emperor Shitian would oppose the decision of the Blood Killer Sect. If Emperor Release Tian really never regards himself as a member of the Blood Killer Sect and has never been able to correct his position, then For Emperor Shitian and them, it was not a good thing.

Now that Di Shitian can make such a decision, this is definitely a good thing for them, so that they can fully integrate into the Blood Killing Sect. As long as Di Shitian really wants to integrate into the Blood Killing Sect, , with his strength, he will definitely be in a high position in the future, which will be of greater benefit to them, so Hu An and the others are relieved.

And Di Shitian looked at the backs of Hu An and the others, and finally sighed silently. Di Shitian was very clear about what Hu An and the others meant. Hu An said so many words before, but he actually meant only one thing, that is Let him sincerely want to integrate into the Blood Killing Sect, and not have any thoughts of being independent or trying to stand up to Zhao Hai.

How could Di Shitian not know these thoughts of Hu An and the others? He had not planned to stand on his own in the first place. Hu An and the others did not understand what his epiphany meant to him. What this epiphany meant to him was For me, it was really important. It not only made his strength a step further, but also made him completely let go of his obsession.

In the past, Emperor Shitian had an obsession with the Jade Buddha Temple. He always wanted to restore the name of the Jade Buddha Temple. For this reason, he even thought about promoting Buddhism to make his status higher than that of Zhao Hai. In this way, he wanted to restore the name of the Jade Buddha Temple. The name of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha is really too simple. But after the battle with Zhao Hai, he put aside his obsession and stopped thinking about it. He put the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple first, and this was no longer his obsession, he just I found that joining the Blood Killing Sect has many benefits. The open environment of the Blood Killing Sect is really suitable for the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple.

However, Hu An and the others did not know this, so they were still trying to persuade him. Emperor Shitian's attitude towards Hu An and the others was understandable, but then he understood what was going on. Hu An and the others were The mentality has changed. As Hu An said, they are monks, and immortality is their ultimate goal. Joining the Blood Killing Sect and integrating into the Blood Killing Sect is the shortest way to immortality. And it is this idea, This changed their mentality. They now very much want to integrate into the Blood Killing Sect as soon as possible. Emperor Shitian is even sure that if he does not agree to integrate into the Blood Killing Sect, he still wants to exclude Zhao Hai. If he seizes the power of the Blood Killing Sect, then Hu An and the others will never follow him in doing this. They may even directly tell Zhao Hai his thoughts. This possibility is very high, because there is no A monk can resist the temptation of immortality.