c7725 leader

Yuan Kong is a monk in the world of heaven and man. He was originally a Buddhist, but after joining the Blood Killing Sect, he slowly found that the rules of the Blood Killing Sect were more to his liking. Later, he returned to secular life directly and became a secular man. He was an ordinary disciple who was killed by Xue. He was a member of the demon tribe and an ape tribe. This was also the origin of his name. Yuan Kong was actually Yuan Kong. .

Now his name is still Yuan Kong, and he has not changed his name, but he is no longer a Buddhist, but an ordinary one, dressed as a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, but the armor on his body is thicker, and the weapons he uses are , is also a long iron rod. This iron rod is very heavy.

That's right, Yuan Kong is a physical practitioner, and a very powerful one at that. He originally learned the techniques of the Jade Buddha Temple in the Heavenly and Human Realm. After arriving at the Blood Killing Sect, after being tested, he found that he It was more suitable to learn the techniques of Tiefo Temple, so he tried to learn the improved techniques of Tiefo Temple, which made him stronger and at the same time made his defense stronger.

Now Yuan Kong is standing in a team. He knows all the people in this team. They are his classmates in the same courtyard. They are going to conduct a confrontation training today. They have already conducted many confrontation trainings like this. times, but in the past it was a confrontation between their branch and other branches, but this time, it was their branch who joined forces with other branches to fight against several other branches.

While Yuan Kong was looking around, a voice suddenly came: "Old monkey, do you think we will win or lose this time? I heard that this time our three branches will unite to fight against the other five. Branching." This voice seemed very strange and a bit rigid, as if someone else read it word for word. It was very strange.

You don't need to look at Yuan Kong to know who is speaking. The person speaking must be a guy from the undead clan who is in the same hospital as him and is also his good friend, named Gu Yi. This Ancient One is also a very weird guy. Other people from the Necromancer clan usually turn themselves into humans when they are in the sect, but this Ancient One is different. He is in the sect. When he was young, he always looked like a skeleton. When he saw him for the first time, Yuan Kong was really shocked. He really didn't expect that there would be someone here in the Blood Killing Sect. The skeleton could move at will, and he almost took action against Ancient One.

Although Gu Yi speaks in a precise manner, he also likes to joke. At that time, he even took off his own head to scare him, which made Yuan Kong almost tear him apart, but okay After someone introduced them, he finally tolerated it, but he didn't expect that the two of them would get to know each other and become good friends.

After becoming friends, Gu Yi knew Yuan Kong's identity, so he started calling Yuan Kong Laohou. According to him, friends should have some nicknames, so that they would appear to have a good relationship. Yuan Kong was very concerned about this. He didn't understand, but he still gave Gu Yi a name, Bones.

So now when he heard what Gu Yi said, Yuan Kong immediately said: "Bones, isn't the sect always very fair? Why do we let people from three branches deal with people from five branches this time? What the hell is going on?" Gu Yi knew the sect well, and the sect had always been fair, so he didn't understand the sect's actions this time.

Gu Yiwei smiled and said: "Who told you that the sect is very fair? The sect is indeed very fair in terms of distributing materials for training, but it has never been fair during training. You see However, it is trivial for three branches to fight against five branches. If something goes wrong, it will happen in the future. One branch will fight against the other ten branches. The sect will never be polite in this regard. They just want to Create a variety of different environments, and then let us train and create all kinds of troubles for us. In their view, only in this way can they truly train us and enable us to truly face this kind of situation. When the situation arises, you still know what to do.”

"Isn't this great? If we really encounter this situation in the future, then we will know what to do. Anyway, this is a real illusion. Even if you die in battle, there is nothing to worry about." Yuan Kong arrived. He felt that the sect's approach was very good, so he looked at Gu Yi with some confusion. He had already heard that Gu Yi seemed to be disapproving of this kind of training, which made him very puzzled. Gu Yi I usually agree with the sect's decisions, but what happened this time? It seems that he doesn't care about this kind of training.

Gu Yi smiled bitterly and said: "Come on, don't you know? The purpose of our Blood Killing Sect is one word, stability, everything can be saved. In this situation, do you think we have a chance to use less against many? ? No matter when the sect comes, it will send out a large army to wipe out the enemy in one fell swoop. In this case, it is almost impossible to defeat more with less, but now we have to train this. Isn’t this a waste of time? ?”

"Gu Yi, you talk a lot, how do you know that this kind of situation won't happen in the future? Don't forget, we will go to Wanshan Realm in the future. What if we really encounter this situation when we get there? , give me honest training, if you dare to mess around, see how I deal with you when I get back." A voice suddenly came.

When Gu Yi and Yuan Kong heard this voice, they couldn't help but shrink their necks. This voice was very familiar to them. The owner of this voice was none other than the captain of Yuan Kong's team, named Zhang Ke. He was not a human either. He is a member of the Sea Clan, or the Octopus Clan within the Sea Clan. Although he is now in human form, he can extend many tentacles at any time during battle, making it difficult for people to guard against him.

Zhang Ke is very powerful and very old-fashioned. It has not been long since this guy joined the Blood Killing Sect, but he became their captain. He was originally an elder of the octopus race in the Dragon World. His strength Not weak, so after joining the Blood Killing Sect, he became the captain.

This guy's loyalty to the Blood Killing Sect surprised even Gu Yi, a member of the Necromancer clan. He was the kind of person with a dead head. As long as the sect gave him an order, he would be dead. , he will also complete it. Regarding this guy, Gu Yi and his entire team are a little afraid of him.

When they saw Gu Yi and the others stopped talking, Zhang Ke said to the rest of the team: "We are training now so that we know how to deal with it when we are in an absolute situation in the future, so when everyone is training, Please be serious, if I find anyone who dares not to be serious, see how I deal with him."

Everyone responded, and Zhang Ke continued: "The training time this time is not short, it lasts for a full year, and I also heard that in the future, Elder Ding and others may cooperate with us in training. Become our enemy and let us learn how to deal with masters, so you guys must perform well and strive to become leaders when you face those masters in the future."

Upon hearing what Zhang Ke said, everyone was stunned, and then there was an uproar. Of course they knew who the elder Ding Zhang Ke was talking about was. In the Blood Killing Sect, there may be many elders named Ding, but those who can really show off... There is only one person who can speak out, Ding Chunming, who is known as the second master of the Blood Killing Sect, and they know exactly who the people led by Elder Ding Chunming are. That is the Blood Killing Sect. Apart from Zhao Hai, the highest Duan's strength, now Zhang Ke actually said that Ding Chunming would cooperate with them in training in the future, how could they not be surprised.

They are very aware of Ding Chunming's strength. With their strength, how can they possibly fight against Ding Chunming? That was absolutely impossible. It was precisely because of this that Yuan Ke and the others were surprised. If Ding Chunming really came to deal with them, they would all be finished with just one blow.

But at the same time, they were also surprised by Zhang Ke's other words, that is, to become the leader, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect with average strength would have to deal with the masters in any way. Clearly, to put it bluntly, it is to use the method of combined force to combine all the powerful forces, and then use the exercises to bless the Dharma. Concentrate all the power on the Dharma, and guide all the forces to Fighting the enemy, this is the method used by the Blood Killing Sect to deal with those masters.

When using this method, the leader is very important. He must be strong and able to integrate everyone's strength. The most important thing is that they must be able to fully exert their strength. , so this leader can be said to be their only hope when facing the masters.

And this leader does not mean that the person with the strongest strength in a team must be the leader of the team. It is not like that. In fact, in this team, everyone knows about the methods of blessing skills. Only the person with the deepest knowledge can become the leader of this team, and in this regard, Zhang Ke has almost no chance. He knows the skills and blessings, but his understanding of the skills and blessings is still far behind.

In the Blood Killing Sect, there is only one technique to be used by everyone in the Blood Killing Sect. So far, there is only one, and that is the Eight Blood Fighting Postures. The Eight Blood Fighting Postures are also something that all disciples in the Blood Killing Sect must learn. No matter you What kind of weapons to use? You must learn the Eight Blood Fighting Styles. When everyone really gathers all their strength, the Eight Bloody Fighting Styles must be used. This is the most critical thing.

Kung Fu blessings are also divided into levels. If someone has a deep understanding of Kung Fu, then the Kung Fu blessings are very good. His Kung Fu blessings will be relatively more powerful, but if his Kung Fu blessings are If he doesn't use it very well, then he won't be able to bring out all the power of everyone. Then it will be dangerous for their team to face a real master, so the leader must deal with it. The understanding of the exercises and blessings is very deep.

Among their team, the one who has the deepest understanding of the techniques and uses them best is not Zhang Ke, but Gu Yi! Even though Gu is young and belongs to the undead clan, his understanding of the eight bloody battle styles surpasses many people. He is the one in the team who has the deepest understanding of the techniques and blessings.