c7727 terrain

After the three captains discussed it, Zhang Ke returned to their team. As soon as he returned to their team, Zhang Ke immediately said in a deep voice to the people in the team: "We discussed it and prepared to act together. Our The number of people is smaller than that of the other party. If we act separately, we will definitely be at a disadvantage, so we decide to act together. If the other party also acts together, then we will retreat first, and then slowly deal with the enemy. If If the enemy moves separately, then we will defeat them one by one."

After hearing what Zhang Ke said, everyone had no objections. They were a newly formed team and there was no tacit understanding at all, so they could only formulate some, relatively speaking, very simple plans. It was impossible to They made too complicated plans, so Zhang Ke's plan, although it seems very simple, is the most suitable for them now.

When Zhang Ke saw that no one objected, he continued: "Although our three teams are going to jointly operate, they will not mix the personnel. Instead, they will be divided into three battle formations and act together, so everyone must make some preparations. We will cooperate with the other two to fight, but it will only be a cooperative fight."

When everyone heard what he said, they were relieved. If the three teams were really mixed, it would be because the team members were not so familiar with each other, and it would be easier to make mistakes. It would be better like this, they They can cooperate with each other, which in turn will produce better results.

Zhang Ke said in a deep voice: "Okay, if everyone has no objections, then everyone should be prepared. We will be on the left wing of the three teams, so be prepared." Everyone responded with a roar, and then they immediately The team was assembled in the shortest time, and the same was true for the other two teams. They also assembled the team in the shortest time.

After the three teams were all assembled, they looked at each other, and they were all satisfied with the reactions of the other two teams. Judging from the speed of the gathering, the strength of the three teams was almost the same. This is better. They could rest assured, and then the three teams took off directly, and then slowly flew forward in the perfect glyph shape.

Zhang Ke and his team have been flying to the left, and are relatively behind. They are on the same level as the team on the right. Only the team in the middle has a more prominent position. Everyone is ready and looks around carefully. They This time they only knew that their opponent was an alliance of five teams. They did not know where the opponent was, and it was impossible to know when the opponent would attack them, so they were very careful.

Just as they were flying forward, suddenly a black dot flew from the distant horizon. As soon as they saw those black dots, Zhang Ke and the others immediately became nervous. They immediately shouted: "Stand still and prepare to fight." Get ready." Such a voice reached everyone's ears through the magic circle. Yuan Kong and the others stopped and looked carefully at the black spots in front of them.

Soon those black spots appeared in their sight. This was what made the Blood Killing Sect people complain. In the real illusion, they were not allowed to use the radar array, which allowed them to discover the enemy's distance. It was greatly shortened. Sometimes, when they discovered the enemy, they had no time to dodge and had to fight hard.

When they saw those black spots, they turned out to be five combat teams in a battle formation. They really acted as a unit. After discovering this, Zhang Ke and his three captains discussed it, and then ordered in unison: : "The rear team changes to the front team, retreat at full speed, and disperse at the same time, fast."

After giving such an order, Zhang Ke immediately shouted loudly: "Back off, quickly." Everyone's reaction was not slow, they just turned around and then flew straight into the distance with all their strength, paying attention to what was behind them as they flew. Dongjing was also watching the situation of the other two teams.

The enemies behind had already caught up, but the other two teams had already dispersed and flew in three different directions at very fast speeds. Zhang Ke had no time to care about them and led the team with all his strength. Flying forward, they also paid attention to the enemies behind them. The enemies had now caught up. These enemies were actually divided into three teams, and two teams of enemies flew towards them.

When he saw this situation, Zhang Ke couldn't help but cursed secretly. Then he took a look at the surrounding situation. He remembered that there was a valley nearby. The terrain there was very complex and the vegetation was very lush. It could be used. So he immediately said loudly: "Quick, go to Valley No. 5."

After Zhang Ke and the others arrived at the nameless hill, he directly sent people to check all the surrounding terrain, and then made a map. This was also a habit of Zhang Ke. Zhang Ke mapped all the terrain. They were all given code names and distributed to everyone, just to let everyone in their team know what place each code name represented. When it came time to take action, they could use the terrain to deal with the enemy.

Facts have proved that Zhang Ke's method is very effective. When he said Valley No. 5, everyone knew what place he was talking about, so all the disciples took action and flew straight to Valley No. 5. After passing by, they also understood what Zhang Ke meant.

The enemies following them did not let them go, and were still chasing after them. Because they were flying in the sky, and the speeds of both sides were almost the same, the enemies did not catch up with them, but they did not throw them away either. To defeat the enemy, both sides chased and escaped, forming a kind of balance in the sky.

Soon, a valley appeared in front of them. This valley was right under their feet. On the surface, it seemed to be a very ordinary valley, just a valley full of trees, but when Zhang Ke and the others were checking the terrain, , but I was tortured by this valley. There are actually several small valleys in this valley, and there are also several caves in the valley, and the entrances of the caves are very hidden. If I hadn’t checked the valley in advance, Due to the situation, they might get lost if they enter the valley, and this is where Zhang Ke and the others want to take advantage.

Following Zhang Ke's order, the people in their team fell directly into the valley. There were only about a thousand people in their team. As soon as they fell into the valley, they disappeared immediately. The trees in the valley were very dense. The figures of all of them can be hidden.

After falling into the valley, Zhang Ke immediately said loudly: "Quickly, arrange the battle plants. Be careful and try not to let the enemy discover us. After doing so, everyone will withdraw to the No. 3 valley." After speaking, he moved his hand. , directly took out the seeds of a war plant, and then planted the seeds of the war plant directly on the ground, and the others almost did the same thing as him, and then they flew forward directly. Go, although their speed is very fast, their feet do not fall on the ground, and they try their best not to touch the surrounding plants.

Zhang Ke and the others walked forward and soon came to a mountain wall. There were many vines growing on this mountain wall. Zhang Ke took a look around, and then said in a deep voice: "Ma Jiong, come here, what are you talking about?" Where is the entrance to Valley No. 3? It's obviously a mountain wall."

A monk immediately ran to Zhang Ke, smiled at Zhang Ke and said: "Boss, don't worry, I have made some arrangements here in advance. Look, isn't this the entrance to the cave?" he said. He pointed forward with his hand, and as he pointed, a white light shot out from his hand and hit the mountain wall. On the mountain wall, a figure slowly appeared. At the dark cave entrance, those vines disappeared.

As soon as they saw this situation, everyone immediately understood that a magic circle had been arranged here by Ma Jiong. No wonder they didn't notice it. Then Zhang Ke waved his hand and everyone flew in from the hole, and that Ma Jiong stayed until the end. After he entered the cave entrance, the cave entrance immediately returned to its original state and turned into the mountain wall again. The energy of the magic circle had obviously worked once.

But Zhang Ke and the others were all looking at this small valley at this time. Rather than saying that this was a small valley, it was better to say that this was a cave with an opening. The inner space of this cave was very large. On the top of the cave, there was Through the opening, they could see the sky, but the sky they saw was just a line, just like a frog sitting in a well.

They glanced forward again, only to find that there was an exit in front of them. As soon as he saw that there was an exit, Zhang Ke immediately felt relieved. He said in a deep voice: "Stay here first, don't go out, and take a look. What those guys will do, if they don’t find this valley, don’t go out yet.”

Everyone responded and immediately dispersed to various parts of the valley. At the same time, they were also vigilant about the surroundings. Zhang Ke glanced around and said in a deep voice: "Stay away from that opening. Make sure you get there from that opening." No matter what spells are flying in, they are magic weapons, and they cannot hurt you."

When everyone heard what he said, they immediately understood what he meant and all responded. Zhang Ke then glanced outside and said in a deep voice: "Ma Jiong, pay attention outside and see what those guys want to do." Jiong responded, and just when he was about to look at the situation outside, he heard an explosion. The sound was so loud that it shook the valley where they were located.

As soon as he heard this voice, Zhang Ke couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "The enemy attacked this valley directly from the sky. Everyone must pay attention, we are ready at any time. Retreat, don't let the enemy block us here."

Everyone was stunned at first, and then they immediately understood what he meant. They immediately started to move, and they all flew up, ready to fly out from the exit at the other end. Although this valley is not a dead land, it is the largest entrance and exit. There are only these two. The opening above their heads is too small, and there are too few people who can fly in at one time, so they must be prepared to rush out from another entrance at any time, as long as Only in this way can they ensure that they still have the strength to fight the enemy.