c7731 history

Seeing Yuankong leave with the two elders, Zhang Ke couldn't help but said worriedly: "Gu Yi, will Yuankong be okay? I look at those two elders, why do they seem to be using him for experiments?" Zhang But just now, he did find that something was wrong with the way the two elders looked at Yuan Kong, with a hint of greed and obsession. To be honest, when he saw those eyes, he couldn't help but feel something stirred up in his body. Layers of goosebumps.

Gu Yi shook his head and said: "Don't worry, captain, nothing will happen. Those elders are very measured. Yuan Kong will be back before long. If Yuan Kong doesn't come back, it will be him." Being transferred to a better branch is a good thing for him. We in the Blood Killing Sect will never allow anyone to do dangerous experiments on their disciples. If someone dares to do this, no matter who he is No matter what his identity is, the sect leader will not let him go."

Hearing what Gu Yi said, Zhang Ke breathed a sigh of relief, and then he turned to look at Gu Yi: "Gu Yi, you did really well this time. If you hadn't made the first sound at that time, we would have I'm afraid that I'm really going to lose, what were you thinking at that time?" Zhang Ke really wanted to know what Gu Yi was thinking, and why under the circumstances at that time, he was still able to fight loudly and vigorously. Knowing that it was a real illusion, it would not be a big deal even if they escaped or died in battle, but the situation at that time was so dangerous that they almost forgot that they were in a real illusion. In that case, They almost believed that if they died in battle, they would definitely die, so his first thought at that time was to retreat rather than fight.

When Gu Yiyi heard what Zhang Ke said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Captain, in fact, it's not just me, all the old disciples in our Blood Killing Sect would have done that at that time, because we, the Blood Killing Sect's people, This is what we should do. We are the Blood Killing Sect. Let’s not forget that each of our disciples has several lives. As a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, we must do that. We are the Blood Killing Sect’s disciples. We have My own pride. If the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect die in battle, then they will be recorded in the heroic spirit policy and receive the incense of our Blood Killing Sect. If they do not die, but escape or surrender, then what awaits them In the end, I'm afraid the only option is death, because the sect won't let them go."

Speaking of this, Gu Yi paused for a moment, and then he said in a deep voice: "The skills of our Blood Killing Sect are based on murderous aura. The skills with murderous aura are completely different from those without the blessing of murderous aura. Yes, the attack power is much worse, and once we have the blessing of murderous intent, we will almost never surrender on the battlefield. We will be affected by some murderous intent to some extent, and it is impossible to surrender."

"Of course, some people will surrender, but all those who surrender, without exception, have lost their murderous aura. No matter how many people they kill, the murderous aura in their bodies is heavy, and it is impossible to bless that murderous aura. Once they have mastered the technique, they can no longer be regarded as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, no disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has ever surrendered or even escaped. Everyone has worked hard to move forward. Even if they die in battle, I won’t step back.”

In fact, what Gu Yi said is not absolute. In the past, some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were defeated and ran away, but there seemed to be very few who surrendered. Later, people slowly discovered that if they were defeated and ran away, then their bodies would be affected. It was impossible to use murderous intent to bless the skills, which had a great impact on them. In addition, each of them had several lives, so they gradually stopped surrendering and regarded surrender as a great shame and humiliation.

Zhang Ke nodded, and then he sighed softly and said: "The time we have joined the Blood Killing Sect is still too short. There are many things we don't know, so we may make mistakes when doing some things. Choice, you have to remind me more about this in the future."

Gu nodded, and then he said with a proud face: "Our Blood Killing Sect is what it is today, all because of the sect leader. The sect leader has said before, he said that in so many years, what he is most proud of is not turning the Blood Killing Sect into a He is so rich that everyone can practice in the way that suits them best. What he is most proud of is that he gave us the souls of the Blood Killing Sect, and gave us the souls of all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so that we can learn Pride, and this pride has been engraved into our bones, so that no matter where we go, no matter what situation we encounter, we will always remember that we are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as we still remember that we are the Blood Killing Sect’s disciples, Disciple, we will not surrender to anyone, and we will not be afraid of any difficulties or enemies. This is what he is most proud of."

Zhang Ke fell into deep thought after listening to Gu Yi's words. At the same time, he also felt shocked. He thought carefully about it. From knowing the Blood Killing Sect to joining the Blood Killing Sect, until now, he I found that what Gu Yi said is true. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are really very proud. Their pride makes them progress because they don’t want to fall behind others, so they are warlike, because when fighting, They can get contribution points, and they can use these contribution points to get better skills and more materials, which can make themselves stronger. And because they are proud, they will never really give in to themselves. enemies, this pride is indeed engraved in their bones.

But this kind of pride will not be used on his own people. Just like him and Gu Yi, Gu Yi will not be proud in front of him just because he is a veteran disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. He will only find ways to improve himself. strength, and those disciples with strong strength will not fail to see those disciples with weak strength, because in their view, they are the same sect and brothers, so their pride cannot be used on their brothers. , but in front of other people, they are absolutely proud.

When facing the Sea Tribe, the Blood Killing Sect will push them all the way. They will conquer those Sea Tribes and give them some conditions. But if you want to ask for more, it is absolutely impossible. You If you want to surrender, you must listen to me, otherwise, I will be rude to you, but if you join the Blood Killing Sect, then I will treat you as one of my own, and I can trust you, because I believe After you join the Blood Killing Sect, you will not betray. This is their self-confidence as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and their pride comes from this self-confidence.

Thinking of this, Zhang Ke let out a long breath, and then he murmured: "Now I understand a little bit, why so many disciples in the sect worship the sect master as a god, because the sect master is really too great , he has carved an unyielding mark on a sect, and this is the greatest thing about him."

Gu Yi looked at Zhang Ke, smiled slightly and said: "Captain, if you have time, go to the real illusion to study. In the real illusion, there is a place dedicated to learning the history of the Blood Killing Sect. Go there and learn about the Blood Killing Sect. Only in this way will you know why we are proud to be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect."

Zhang Ke nodded, Gu Yi saluted him, and then turned around and left. Zhang Ke looked at Gu Yi's leaving figure with a look of expectation, and then he immediately returned to his room and went directly to his room. Entering the real illusion, their login time has not come yet today, it is just the end of the battle. After entering the real illusion, he immediately entered the learning area, and then began to learn the history of the Blood Killing Sect.

A few days later, Zhang Ke and the others have no training tasks these days. They can also arrange their own time freely. They can enter the real illusion every day, visit the training of other teams, and do other things. Things, but Zhang Ke has been studying the history of the Blood Killing Sect and the history of Zhao Hai these days. This has also caused his aura to change obviously. Zhang Ke has even ordered everyone in the team to Others must also learn the history of the sect and the history of Zhao Hai. Although such an order is somewhat unreasonable, no one objects.

Five days have passed. Tian Zhangke had just come out of the real illusion. He was still thinking about what he had learned in the real illusion. Suddenly he heard a burst of noise coming from the yard, and he couldn't help but frown. He frowned, then opened the door and walked out.

His room is not very big, and if he is practicing, he can activate the magic circle when entering the real illusion. In that case, he will not hear the sounds outside, but as a captain, he He thought he should know what was happening outside, so he usually would not activate the soundproofing circle so that he could hear the sounds outside. Now when he heard it was so noisy outside, he was naturally a little uncomfortable. happy.

But when he pushed the door and walked out of the yard, when he saw the man standing in the yard, he was stunned at first, and then he was overjoyed. He immediately walked over and said to the man: "Yuankong, when did you come back?" ?" The person standing in the yard was Yuan Kong. He was taken away by the two elders before, but he didn't expect to come back at this time, which made him very happy.

As soon as Yuan Kong saw Zhang Ke coming over, he immediately saluted Zhang Ke and said: "Captain, I just came back. I have been cooperating with the elders to conduct experiments these days. After the experiment is completed today, they will go directly He just let me come back, just to let me practice well and give me some contribution points, nothing more." Yuan Kong also knew that Zhang Ke was his captain, and there were some things that he had to tell Zhang Ke It was clear, so he didn't wait for Zhang Kezai to ask, and simply told him about his experience in the past few days. He was indeed cooperating with those elders to conduct experiments, and did nothing else, not even receiving rewards. Speak out.

Zhang Ke nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's take a rest. We might have training again in two days. Remember, if you have time every day, you should go to the real illusion. , it’s best to study the history of the sect and the history of the sect leader, go ahead.” Zhang Ke now said this to almost everyone in the team, and the others were not surprised, only Yuan Kong was a little puzzled , but he didn’t ask any more questions, just responded, turned around and left, but Gu Yi followed.