c7735 victory

When they saw the people rushing over, Zhang Ke and the others were not surprised but happy, but their faces did not show it. Instead, they began to retreat slowly, as if they wanted to fight before the other team participated in the battle. Among them, they left the battlefield early. The team fighting them naturally couldn't let them go, so they directly stepped up their attack and entangled them.

The other team of people also rushed to the battlefield and directly attacked Zhang Ke and the others. Zhang Ke also knew that this was the time for them to attack. He immediately shouted loudly, and their team's The man rushed directly towards him and met another team of 5,000 people.

Although there is a big difference in the number of people on both sides, Zhang Ke and his team are working hard here, and their morale is high, so it is really impossible for the other team to deal with them in a short time, and their team They also began to retreat slowly, and finally the speed of retreat continued to accelerate, but the opponent did not give up on them, and kept following them, chasing them non-stop.

Finally arriving at the valley that Zhang Ke and the others had chosen before, they fell directly into the valley. This was so sudden that even the team in the sky did not expect that with the addition of that team, they would fall into the valley. He was entangled by other people, so he didn't chase him down immediately.

However, after they eliminated all those who were pestering them in the sky, they did not fall into the valley immediately. They took a look at the situation in the valley, and then directly attacked the valley, various Various spells were directed towards the valley, causing the plants in the valley to fly in all directions.

They thought that such an attack would have no effect. The terrain here might be quite special. They just wanted to find out that special terrain and then hunt down Zhang Ke. However, they did not expect that they attacked the valley for a while. , but suddenly discovered that Zhang Ke and the others actually escaped from the valley in a very embarrassed manner, and fled straight to a small hill. The hill was not very high, and the terrain was also very gentle. Although there were There were some trees, but they could clearly see what was going on on the hill, and there was really nothing special there.

As soon as they discovered this, the people in the sky couldn't help but overjoyed. They thought that Zhang Ke and they were really being chased in a hurry. There was no other way, so they entered the valley directly, so they also They relaxed a little, but they were still very careful. Immediately, half of them fell directly from the sky and went to the ground to attack Zhang Ke and the others, while the other half of the people were in the sky, attacking Zhang Ke. They kept attacking.

Zhang Ke and the others naturally discovered this. They ran towards the hill quickly, so they naturally approached his trap faster. But soon, they discovered that those falling from the sky The enemy actually appeared directly in front of them and fell into the trap. This made Zhang Ke and the others stunned. Then they immediately understood that the enemy wanted to take advantage of the geographical location and attack them from top to bottom. , if it were them, they would do the same thing.

After seeing those people in the sky, they had to change their plan. Zhang Ke immediately said loudly: "Jiuyan, take action, everyone pay attention. After the trap is activated, don't worry about the people in the trap first. Let's move the sky first." Those guys in the trap were dealt with, and then turned around to deal with the people in the trap. Jiuyan, don't participate in the attack, and control the trap formation." At this time, he didn't care too much, and just went down. Everyone did not object to the order and all obeyed.

Then they saw a ray of yellow light rising into the sky, covering all the people in front of them. It also affected some people in the sky, causing some people in the sky to jump directly from the sky. Falling down, Zhang Ke and the others all rose into the sky the moment the yellow light appeared, attacking those people in the sky.

Those people in the sky really didn't expect that such a situation would happen. Just when they were stunned, Zhang Ke and the others attacked, and they had to fight immediately. One side was well prepared, but the other side was hasty. Accepting the challenge, the result is naturally conceivable. Those people in the sky suffered a hidden loss as soon as they met each other. In addition, Zhang Ke, they were really hanging on for their lives this time. They all attacked desperately, those People really can't stand it anymore.

Soon Zhang Ke and the others defeated those people in the sky. Although some of those people were still fighting, many people had been defeated, and those who were still fighting, But they were all veterans of the Blood Killing Sect. They roared angrily, but due to their numerical disadvantage, they failed in the end.

This time the battle went very fast. It took less than half an hour for the people in the sky to be defeated. Then Zhang Ke and the others turned around and attacked those trapped by the trap circle. In the past, those people were affected by the magic circle and have not yet come out of the magic circle. Although this magic circle is not very difficult, it is composed of multiple magic circles, and this magic circle is always controlled by someone. , that’s why I couldn’t get out of the magic circle.

Now Zhang Ke and the others were given a chance. Zhang Ke and the others were not affected by the magic circle. They rushed directly into the magic circle and attacked those people. Although those people were still resisting, they were not able to resist at all. There was no way to fight against Zhang Ke and the others. Many of them turned into white light and disappeared. Fortunately, maybe because they would not really die even if they died in battle, no one surrendered. Otherwise, the Blood Killing Sect would be really embarrassed. Big loss.

This battle ended after Zhang Ke and the others in the magic circle were eliminated. Zhang Ke and the others were forcibly sent out of the real illusion. At the same time, they were also judged as the victors. When they came out of the real illusion, Zhang Ke and the others were forced to leave the illusion. But they all cheered, because this time they defeated more with less, how could they not be happy.

Zhang Ke was also very satisfied with this action. They cooperated with several other hostile teams and defeated the enemy in a short time. This was of course a good thing for them. They were If you have made a meritorious service, you should receive certain rewards.

The fact is as Zhang Ke thought, they were indeed rewarded this time, because they defeated the opponent in a short time with almost half the opponent's strength, and their own casualties were less than one-fifth. Such a record is already very good.

After the war, Zhang Ke found Gu Yi in his room. After Gu Yi arrived and sat down in his room, Zhang Ke said to Gu Yi: "Gu Yi, this time we defeated the enemy and got a reward. For Do you have anything to say about this battle? I want to hear your opinion?"

Now Zhang Ke is paying more and more attention to Gu Yi's words, because Gu Yi is an old man of the Blood Killing Sect, and he is very clear about the fighting power of the old disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In addition, his strength is better than that of Gu Yi. Qiang, if it were really a one-on-one fight to the death, he might not be Gu Yi's opponent at all, so he paid even more attention to Gu Yi's words.

Gu Yi looked at Zhang Ke and said with a smile: "Captain, you don't need to be so nervous. We can defeat the enemy. Although we have the credit for the trap, if we don't have the combat effectiveness of our team, do you think the trap will happen?" Is it useful? Whether it is in the Blood Killing Sect or the entire world of cultivation, there has always been a saying that strength determines everything. This sentence is actually very reasonable. Your plan is good, but you have not realized it. The strength of the plan is useless even with a good plan, so the main reason why we were able to win this battle was because we were strong enough, and the reason why we were able to defeat the enemy was because of our team , a little more proud than our opponents. Our opponents can’t be called true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect until now, but we can call ourselves true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. With one thousand, we We withstood the opponent's attack of five thousand. Similarly, with a little more than five thousand troops, we defeated an almost equal number of enemies in less than half an hour. This is enough to illustrate the problem. They Without our spirit, they cannot defeat us, and this is the fundamental reason.”

Hearing what Gu Yi said, Zhang Ke couldn't help but nodded, and then he said solemnly: "You are right, our team has studied the history of the sect before, and we are proud of being disciples of the sect. Because we are proud, we will never retreat when we encounter the enemy. We will keep moving forward, even if there is only the last person left. The enemy lacks this courage, so we are the last Victor, you are right."

Gu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That's it, we are proud of being disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and this pride will also turn into our confidence, so we will practice faster in the future. We will enter a virtuous cycle and we will become stronger in the future.”

Zhang Ke nodded, then he glanced at Gu Yi and said in a deep voice: "Gu Yi, with your strength, you shouldn't stay in our team, right? Why are you always in our team?" This is exactly what happened. This is the strangest thing about Zhang Ke. In his opinion, Gu Yi's strength is still very good. Gu Yi really shouldn't stay in their team, so he asked like this.

Gu Yi shook his head, smiled bitterly and said: "My strength is really not as strong as you think. I should stay in the team, but I don't think I can stay for long. I am saving my contribution now." Point, as long as our contribution points are waived, I can go to Daozi Mountain to retreat. I believe that this time I will be out of retreat, my strength will be greatly improved, and then it will be impossible for me to return to our team."

As soon as Zhang Ke heard what Gu Yi said, he immediately understood what he meant. He said to Gu Yi: "Are you stuck at the bottleneck? So you are going to go to Daozi Mountain to break through? Are you sure? Daozi Mountain is really Is it so magical?" For Zhang Ke, who has never been to Daozi Mountain, he really can't imagine how one word can make people break through.