c7739 Approval

Some of the other teams were very calm, some were looking around, and some had eyes flickering, not knowing what they were thinking. At this time, the captain who spoke said in a deep voice to the newcomers. Said: "Let me introduce myself first. My name is Chu Yun. I am a senior formal disciple. I am also an old disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. I have been a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect since I was in the lower realm, so I will not You're welcome, I will be the commander of our operation this time. Do you have any opinions?" After Chu Yun finished speaking, he glanced at everyone.

Wu Ling and the others all shook their heads. When he saw the appearance of Wu Ling and the others, Zhang Ke couldn't help but sigh secretly. His guess was indeed correct. As expected, the people in Wu Ling's team had been there before. They knew each other, and among their teams, Chu Yun had always been in the leading position. With the support of Wu Ling and the others, Chu Yun's position as commander was definitely stable.

Although he was thinking about this, Zhang Ke still shook his head. Now that he knew Chu Yun's identity, there was nothing wrong with letting Chu Yun direct this operation. His strength was not the strongest, and his identity was He is not the highest, nor is he the oldest, so the position of captain cannot be his, so just support Chu Yun.

The other captains also looked at each other. They didn't know what to do. They still didn't understand the situation, so they really didn't know how to express their opinions. At this moment, Chu Yun Then he said: "Okay, let's take a vote. At the same time, I am the commander of this operation, and I will raise my hand."

Wu Ling and the other six immediately raised their hands, and Zhang Ke also raised his hands. The two captains also raised their hands. In this way, there were already nine people who supported Chu Yun as the captain. , plus Chu Yun himself, it can be said that half of the people support Chu Yun. As soon as the other ten people saw this situation, they immediately understood what the situation was, and five of them immediately raised their voices. Raising their hands, it was obvious that they also knew the current situation, so they immediately raised their hands and began to support Chu Yun.

As for the other five people, two of them thought for a while and raised their hands. The remaining three looked at each other and finally slowly raised their hands. Obviously, those three people also raised their hands. We all know each other. They might have wanted to compete for the commander's position at first, but later found out that it was impossible, so they stopped competing.

Chu Yun nodded and said: "Okay, everyone agrees, then I will be the commander of this operation. There is no need for me to emphasize the discipline of the sect. Once I become the commander, everyone must obey my orders." , otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude. Even if I can’t punish you here, I think what you have done will be known to the sect, and the sect will probably not let you go, so please You must think about it carefully.”

Hearing what Chu Yun said, Zhang Ke couldn't help but tremble in his heart. He knew very well that Chu Yun was telling the truth. They seemed to be training in the real illusion, but what they did was probably impossible to escape. The eyes of the sect, don’t forget that when they are resting, they can also go to the real illusion to watch the training of other teams. That means that when they are training, others will come to watch. If they really If you disobey orders, the sect will definitely know about it. If the sect is really punished by then, the consequences will be serious.

Zhang Ke also secretly glanced at the other people. After realizing that the other people wanted to hear Chu Yun's words, they all nodded. Only the three people who raised their hands at the end had a flash of disapproval in their eyes. This expression just flashed and disappeared directly, but it was caught in Zhang Ke's eyes. Because Zhang Ke was observing everyone carefully, he saw all the performances of everyone.

Chu Yun didn't care what they thought, he continued: "We have just gathered together, so now I want to know how the combat effectiveness of each team is, how many newcomers and how many old people are in your respective teams? , have you ever fought any tough battles, please tell us about them."

After speaking, Chu Yun directly pointed to a captain. The captain was stunned for a moment, and then he said in a deep voice: "I am an intermediate official disciple and an old disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. However, there are many young and old people in my team. There are many newcomers, so the combat effectiveness can only be considered average, and we are not afraid of everyone’s jokes. In a battle before, our team was broken up once. Although we have gone through a period of training, to be honest, I am not satisfied with their attitude. I’m not very confident yet.”

When he heard what he said, Chu Yun couldn't help but nodded. After he knew that the other person was an old man from the Blood Killing Sect, he already had a sense of intimacy with him, but he didn't say anything more and pointed downwards. One, the man also said: "There are many newcomers in my team and few old people, and the combat effectiveness can only be considered average." He didn't say it too carefully, but everyone understood what he meant by his words. His situation is probably the same as that of the previous team.

Chu Yun then asked a few more captains, and the answers he got were almost the same. Almost all of their teams were old and new, and their combat effectiveness needed to be improved. This made Chu Yun a little disappointed, and finally he pointed his finger at the last one. The three captains who raised their hands were standing very close to each other. It was obvious at a glance that they were in the same group.

The three captains looked at each other, and finally the man standing in the middle stood up, saluted Chu Yun and the others and said, "Our three teams have known each other before and have cooperated several times. We are also new in the team. There are many, there are few old men, they are still capable of fighting, and they have never been defeated." When he said this, there was a hint of pride in his tone. It was obvious that he thought his team was still very strong.

Chu Yun didn't say anything, just nodded. He knew what the other party meant. The other party directly pointed out that the three teams had known each other before, which was to tell him that the three teams were in the same group, which also enhanced their status. , tell Chu Yun that our three teams are one, and we are also capable, not something you can manipulate casually.

After listening to the other party's words, Zhang Ke secretly shook his head. He felt that there was something wrong with the other party's mentality. Zhang Ke didn't know the combat effectiveness of their team, but Zhang Ke felt that the other party was really not suitable to be the captain, and It can be seen from the opponent's performance that he is probably not qualified to call himself a true disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, so the combat effectiveness of his team is probably limited.

Just when he was thinking about this, another captain also spoke: "In our team, half are the old people and half are the newcomers. These newcomers are all very good, so the combat effectiveness of our team is still very good. We can endure hard battles. If you have any more difficult tasks, you can leave them to us."

As soon as they heard what the other party said, Zhang Ke and Chu Yun's eyes lit up. Zhang Ke knew very clearly that no matter what the other party's identity was, he was now a qualified disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, and of course Chu Yun was also Thinking of this, he was also very happy, because it was very rare to have such a team in their team, not to mention that there was not only one such team in their team, but a team of several of them , the combat effectiveness is also very powerful.

Then Chu Yun looked at Zhang Ke, and other people's eyes were also on Zhang Ke. Zhang Ke raised his fists at everyone and said: "There are many newcomers in our team and few old people, but our team's combat effectiveness is very good. I I believe it will not be worse than any other team. If there are any difficult tasks, you can leave them to us."

As soon as he said these words, Chu Yun and the others were stunned, because other teams, whenever they talked about how many newcomers and old people there were in their team, they would usually say that their combat effectiveness was average. Only Zhang Ke could say that their team Their combat capabilities are very good, and difficult tasks can be assigned to them.

Chu Yun frowned slightly. He looked at Zhang Ke and said, "Junior brother Zhang Ke, you have to take responsibility for what you said. Can you survive a hard battle? If your team is not strong enough, it may eventually affect our entire team." The overall situation." Chu Yun is very clear that there are too many newcomers in the Blood Killing Sect now, and few of those newcomers can be regarded as true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so he really expresses his feelings towards the combat effectiveness of those people. Suspect.

Of course, if it were in other sects, if a situation like today really happened, they would definitely say that their combat effectiveness is not good, and they would retreat. They would not take the initiative to say, our team has strong combat effectiveness, and leave the difficult tasks to us. , that is absolutely impossible, but only the true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect understand that they must tell their true strength. Only in this way can everyone truly unite and defeat the enemy, and Zhang Ke is also It was because he understood this that he said that, but he didn't expect that Chu Yun would suspect him.

However, Zhang Ke was not angry. He smiled and said, "Don't worry, Senior Brother Chu. I'm telling the truth. Last time during training, we defeated the enemy with less and more. At that time, we were the most difficult team in our field. Mission, combat capability? I dare not say that our team is the strongest in the sect, but I dare say that we are all true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. As long as the mission requires, we can fight to the last person, without orders, absolutely No one will step back!"

What he said was loud and clear, attracting everyone's attention at once, but an old man from the Blood Killing Sect like Chu Yun was very clear about the meaning of Zhang Ke's words, and his eyes couldn't help but light up. , he looked at Zhang Ke, and finally clasped his fists at Zhang Ke and said: "Okay, Junior Brother Zhang, I can't help it. I shouldn't doubt you. Please rest assured that if there is really any difficult task, I will definitely do it." Entrusted to you."

There seems to be something wrong with Chu Yun's words. If they were in other sects, they would definitely think that Chu Yun was deliberately retaliating against Zhang Ke because Zhang Ke contradicted him and refused to give him face, so he said that he wanted to give Zhang Ke The most difficult task, but in the Blood Killing Sect, Chu Yun's words represent recognition of Zhang Ke. This is a kind of trust, a kind of recognition, and a kind of honor!