c7736 admonish

Gu Yi said in a deep voice: "Of course, it will definitely be so miraculous. Countless people in the sect only broke through after arriving at Daozi Mountain. Otherwise, there would not be so many people going to Daozi Mountain. Seclusion, and the reason why we say this is not that we only see those who have made breakthroughs and not those who have not. In fact, almost all the people who came out of Daozi Mountain have made breakthroughs. It is just because of the degree of accumulation. Different, so there are big and small improvements, but it is certain that there will be progress in all, so you don’t have to worry about this. If you, captain, are stuck at the bottleneck, you must go to Daozi Mountain for a retreat. That will definitely be a breakthrough. shortcut."

Zhang Ke heard what Gu Yi said and nodded: "Okay, if I encounter a bottleneck in the future, I will definitely go to Daozi Mountain for retreat. Don't worry." Hearing what Gu Yi said so solemnly , Zhang Ke couldn't help but be tempted. He felt that if there was a chance in the future, he should go to Daozi Mountain for a retreat.

Then Zhang Ke said to Gu Yi again: "Gu Yi, what should we do next? It seems that in a few days, we will have another training session. What should we do these days?" Zhang Ke was concerned about this matter. They are still very concerned about it, because this matter can allow them to get a lot of contribution points.

Gu Yi thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "We don't really have to do anything these days, just improve our strength. We also met another team composed of old disciples before. I don't know if you have noticed it, captain." , what is the difference between us and another team?" Of course what Gu Yi was talking about was the team composed of old disciples who fought side by side with them this time.

Of course, not all of that team is made up of old disciples, it’s just that there are relatively more old disciples, but they are still very different. The team that has more old disciples, they have no competition with the enemy. Before the battle, there was no difference between them at all, just like an inconspicuous mountain. But when they actually started to fight the enemy, this inconspicuous mountain suddenly turned into an inconspicuous mountain. An erupting volcano erupted with unimaginable power and directly destroyed the enemy. They did not have such ability.

Zhang Ke also discovered this, so he said in a deep voice: "I understand what you mean. Those old disciples usually look inconspicuous, but when they are really fighting, they can burst out with unimaginable power. It is precisely because of this that I am curious as to why an old disciple like you would stay in our team."

Gu Yi said in a deep voice: "Their fighting power is indeed similar to ours. If we really count it, your strength can definitely defeat most of them. This is also the reason why you can become the captain. This happens because those old disciples, in normal times, will accumulate their own strength, and at the same time, they will completely restrain their murderous aura. When they use it, they can use this strength. It breaks out at once, which will put a lot of mental pressure on the enemy and give the enemy a very strong sense of contrast. In this way, it will be very difficult for the enemy to deal with them, because they are already in In terms of momentum, it completely overwhelms the enemy. As long as the enemy doesn't have complete and overwhelming power against them, they can't do anything to them."

Having said this, Gu Yi paused for a moment, and then continued: "What we need to learn now is this kind of ability. In fact, I know this kind of ability, but you don't. How can I use this kind of ability in battle?" ability, it will disrupt the formation of the entire team. In that case, it will be harmful rather than beneficial to us. And this method cannot be taught by teaching. Only after many battles can we truly to learn this ability.”

Zhang Ke nodded and said: "So that's it. Okay, I understand. Does that mean that we have to keep fighting like this so that we can learn this method?" Zhang Ke is still very concerned about this matter. , in his opinion, no matter what method it is, as long as it allows him to defeat the enemy, that is the best method.

Gu Yi said solemnly: "Yes, as long as you keep fighting, you can learn this method, and after the war, everyone will conduct a final post-war summary. A team like ours does not need to summarize tactics or anything, but it can be summarized What are your thoughts during this battle, such as the use of various moves, how to coordinate them, etc. Such a summary is actually very beneficial to our progress. Captain, haven't you always been curious, why? Do we have to put some old disciples in every team? I can tell you, firstly, because old disciples like me are really not very strong, and secondly, we want us to put some of the fighting Experience tells you, let you learn these combat experiences as soon as possible, so that you will become stronger and become a qualified disciple of the Blood Killing Sect."

Zhang Ke nodded with bright eyes, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, you are right, the post-war summary is indeed a post-war summary. Okay, I will gather everyone now to conduct a post-war summary. , we will directly enter the real illusion, and when we get there, we can even cooperate with the projection of this battle, and then conduct a post-war summary, what do you think?"

Gu Yi smiled and said: "Okay, of course, this is the best." Zhang Ke nodded and said solemnly: "Then you go back to your room first, I will inform you about this matter immediately, and then Let's meet up in the real illusion, let's go." Gu Yi responded, stood up, saluted Zhang Xing, and then turned around and left.

After Gu Yi left, Zhang Ke immediately wrote to the other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, asking everyone to enter the real illusion. If they wanted to enter the real illusion to discuss something, they could invite them and enter directly. They are in the same area, so Zhang Ke is not worried that everyone will go to different places.

Soon everyone entered the real illusion. When they arrived in the real illusion, they discovered that they were in a large room that could accommodate everyone. Then they were under the auspices of Zhang Ke. , everyone began a post-war summary, and this post-war summary also benefited them a lot.

And Gu Yi also gave a speech during this post-war summary, and his performance was very good, as if he was an old disciple teaching some of his experiences to the newcomers. His performance was also Zhang Ke was completely relieved of him, and he completely believed in Gu Yi's words.

But he didn't know that the reason why Gu Yi behaved like this was because he had been prepared for a long time. All of this was in his plan. Zhang Ke and the others were now very loyal to the Blood Killing Sect. We need to make them more adaptable to the environment of the Blood Killing Sect, and let them feel the difference between the Blood Killing Sect and their original forces. Only in this way can they truly become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and truly have a complete understanding of the Blood Killing Sect. of loyalty.

They carried out such an action once, and then all the disciples went into retreat. Of course, the retreat time this time was not very long, only about three days, and the longest did not exceed five days. They were just digesting this. The proceeds from one battle are used to prepare for the next battle.

Six days later, they finally received the order. Tomorrow they will enter the real illusion and cooperate with other teams they don't know. This time they are the one with more people. They will have There are twenty squads, but the enemy only has ten squads.

When receiving this message, Zhang Ke and the others couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief, but Gu Yi came to Zhang Ke with a solemn expression. Zhang Ke couldn't help but feel very sad when he saw Gu Yi coming to him with a solemn expression. He was curious and looked at Gu Yi with some confusion: "Gu Yi, what's the problem with this action? Why does your face look so ugly?"

Gu Yi looked at Zhang Ke and said in a deep voice: "Captain, do you think this mission is very easy?" When he said this, Gu Yi looked at Zhang Ke intently, which made Zhang Ke feel nervous. Frustrated, he looked at Gu Daoyao with some confusion: "There seems to be no problem with this mission? What's wrong?"

Gu Yi shook his head and said: "On the contrary, I think this mission will be more difficult, and there are two problems. People must think about it now, otherwise, they will suffer big losses. "Gu Yi's expression was very solemn, and he didn't look like he was joking at all. This made Zhang Ke pay more attention to what Gu Yi wanted to say. He nodded towards Gu Yi and signaled Gu Yi to continue. .

Gu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The first problem is that you underestimate the enemy. This time you can already see it. You have already underestimated the enemy a little, because you feel that the number of enemies is only half of ours. And the half this time is different from last time. Last time it was 11,000 vs. 6,000. This time it is 20,000 vs. 10,000, which is the real half. The difference in the number of people is even 10,000, so you think we should win. , from this point of view, you have already underestimated the enemy, which is definitely not a good thing. The reason why we were able to beat the gang so badly the last time or two has a lot to do with the enemy's underestimated enemy."

When Zhang Ke heard what Gu Yi said, he couldn't help but feel a chill in his heart. He realized that he had indeed underestimated the enemy. The last two times he received notifications from the sect, he had always felt how powerful the enemy was, and he had been thinking of ways to destroy the enemy. , but this time, he didn't think so at all. He was very relaxed, and he was too relaxed. This was wrong.

Gu Yi then said: "The second point is, this time we will not be as united as the previous two times. This is really hard to say. The last two times we were on the weaker side. Everyone knows that we must Only by uniting can we defeat the enemy, so everyone will unite unconditionally and trust each other, but this time it is different. This time we are on the upper side. Everyone will think that we can defeat the enemy, so who will command everyone? Acting together becomes a big problem. You must know that being the commander of twenty squads and being able to command people to defeat the enemy is also a very glorious thing, and you may even get some more rewards."