c7734 trap

The terrain in this complex area was not very complicated, but Zhang Ke and the others quickly saw it clearly. After seeing the surrounding environment clearly, a few of them became a little silent, because really speaking, the surrounding area was really... There is no place that is too suitable as the main battlefield, because the surrounding terrain is really too ordinary.

Zhang Ke glanced at a few people, and then said in a deep voice: "There is no place around here that is very suitable for a battlefield, but I think this is just right for us. Our enemies have used this method before, so they are very familiar with traps. They will definitely pay more attention to them, so if we really lead them to a place that is very suitable for setting traps, they will not be fooled. But fortunately, we don’t need anything special to set up traps. terrain."

The other people were stunned for a moment, and then they understood what Zhang Ke did. They all nodded. Then they all looked at Zhang Ke, wanting to hear Zhang Ke continue to speak, but Zhang Ke turned to him. The team member shouted loudly: "Jiu Yan, come here." Following his voice, a person slowly walked out of the team.

The man who came out looked very tall, about two meters tall. He was holding a big sword in his hand and wearing heavy armor. He looked like a heavy-armored warrior with a strong body. This made the others Several people were very puzzled. They didn't understand why Zhang Ke called this person out. They thought that the person who came out this time would be the Jiu Shugui clan, but they didn't expect that the person who came out this time would be like this. A big man.

Zhang Ke smiled at a few people and said: "His name is Jiuyan. He is a physical practitioner in our team. He is very strong and can use the Eight Blood Fighting Styles well. However, this guy is still a physical practitioner despite his height. But he just likes the magic circle technique. He didn't originally have this name, but later changed his name to Jiuyan, just to make himself more like the Jiu Shugui clan. He wanted to join the Shenji Hall before. , but his level is not yet good enough to enter the Shenji Hall, but his level of magic formation is indeed very good, so I have always used him as an formation master."

After finishing the chapter, he turned to Jiuyan and said, "Jiuyan, take a look at some of the terrain. It's easier to set up trap formations there, and don't make it difficult for people to see. There are traps there, just where the enemy least expects them. Set up a trap circle and take a closer look." Zhang Ke was not too polite to his men and gave the order directly.

After hearing Zhang Ke's order, Jiuyan just responded, then glanced at the projection, then pointed to the location of a hill and said: "Here, halfway up the mountain, the terrain here is good, use a three-dimensional magic circle here , setting up a magic circle should not be suspected by others. This hill is not very high, and there is nothing special about it, so it should not be suspected by others, so I think this is the most suitable place. "

Everyone looked in the direction pointed by Jiuyan and found that it was a small hill. The slope of the hill was not very large and there was no special terrain. There were many trees growing there, but there were not many trees. Not too much, so that people in the sky can see those trees and what is in the woods. The enemy will not doubt them here, because this kind of place is indeed the most unsuitable landowner to ambush.

Zhang Ke turned to look at the other people, and then said in a deep voice: "What do you think?" Those people all nodded, but the captain who spoke at the beginning still said to Jiuyan: "The method you arranged How powerful is the formation? You must know that the enemies we faced this time were more than 10,000."

Jiuyan said solemnly: "No problem, I can set up a phantom killing array, and at the same time, put an earth element magic array in the phantom killing array, which will definitely give them a headache, as long as it can affect them If they have enough combat power, that’s fine, and we can take care of them then.”

Several people all nodded. Zhang Ke saw that they had no objections, and then he said: "Okay, let's do it. Jiuyan, we will take people there to set up the magic circle immediately. We must hide it and don't be discovered." , how long do you need? We don't have much time to give you."

Jiuyan said: "It doesn't take much time, it only takes half an hour. We can go now." After saying that, he clasped his fists at Zhang Ke and the others, turned around and returned to the team, and then directly He left with a few people, and no one felt rude to him for doing this. After all, in the Blood Killing Sect, such things were too common.

After Jiuyan and the others left, Zhang Ke turned to the others and said: "Next, let's discuss how to lure those guys here. This is where we want to set up the trap, and on this hill Below, there is a valley. It is not very big, but the vegetation is very lush. There are many trees. People should not be discovered when entering the woods. We can pretend to be defeated by them and enter When we get to the woods, I think the enemy will be suspicious. They will attack the woods directly from the sky. We will pretend that we can't stand the attack and then run away to the mountains. At this time, they will find us. , because we are completely exposed to the outside, it is impossible for them to find any traps. At this time, they should fall from the sky and attack us. Even if they don't fall to attack us, as long as we reach the trap, they will directly attack us. The trap has been activated, and under the influence of the earth magic circle, they will not be able to fall from the sky even if they don't want to, what do you think?"

The other people all nodded. It seemed that they had no objection to Zhang Ke's arrangement. When Zhang Ke saw their performance, he said in a deep voice: "Okay, that's it. Let's go back and do it first." Let’s make arrangements to let the brothers below know our plan, so that our plan can be carried out better.”

Several people all nodded. They knew very well that their plan must be known to the people below, otherwise, mistakes may occur. This is something they absolutely don't want to see, because if they don't tell those people, they may It will arouse everyone's dissatisfaction. If you really arouse too many people's dissatisfaction, then the position of captain will not last long.

While Zhang Ke and the others were following the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and talking about their plans, Jiuyan was also setting up the magic circle. Jiuyan wanted to join the Shenji Hall. He really liked the magic circle, and The sect is also very supportive of his preference. However, he has not yet met the requirements of the Shenji Hall, so he has not joined the Shenji Hall. However, when setting up the magic circle, he is much stronger than the average disciple. too much.

Jiuyan quickly led the people and arranged the magic circle. After checking it one last time, he found nothing wrong. Jiuyan breathed a sigh of relief and then led the people back to the team. He handed over the order directly to Zhang Ke. After Zhang Ke knew that the magic circle had been arranged, he breathed a sigh of relief and immediately told the other captains the news.

The captains breathed a sigh of relief after knowing that the arrangements had been made, and then directly ordered to set off. They had already discussed that when encountering the enemy, Zhang Ke and another team composed mostly of old disciples would The team is the main one, to block the opponent's attack, lead the opponent to the valley, and then fall into the valley, and then lead those people to the trap on the mountain.

Zhang Ke and the others were flying in the sky. Everyone in Zhang Ke's team was full of murderous aura, even more murderous than the team behind them. This made the people in that team use a kind of murderous aura. They looked at Zhang Ke and the others with very strange eyes. They didn't know why Zhang Ke and the others behaved like this. Only the team composed of all old players looked at Zhang Ke and the others with a very kind look.

They are all experienced people, and they are actually very clear about Zhang Ke's current performance. Zhang Ke and the others can now be regarded as real disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. What they lack is only time. After experiencing a few more battles, The murderous aura in them will slowly converge, and will not be released until it is really used. At that time, they can be called old disciples, just like them, they also grew up from Zhang but they are now This step has been taken.

They had just flown forward not far when they saw a small group of people in the distance. As soon as the small group of people saw them, they immediately retreated quickly and flew away in the blink of an eye. When they saw this situation, Zhang Ke I heard one of the captains say: "It's the other party's scouts. Let's be careful. The other party's army should be coming soon."

Zhang Ke and the others all responded, flying forward carefully, their speed becoming slower and slower. Soon an enemy army appeared not far in front of them, but as soon as they saw the number of enemies , Zhang Ke and they were stunned, because they discovered that the enemies who appeared this time were only six thousand, which was the same number as them. When they saw this situation, Zhang Ke and they couldn't help but cheered.

But at this moment, the captain of the old disciple team said: "Don't be too happy, the enemy is obviously divided into two teams, and they do this to allow us to fight them, using this team Tangle us, and then another team will rush over in the shortest time and destroy us with all their strength. This is the simplest and most effective method. Follow our plan, attack them, and wait until the other team appears. When the time comes, start retreating.”

Upon hearing what he said, Zhang Ke and the others were stunned for a moment, then immediately understood what he meant, and they all responded, but each one still looked very anxious and rushed towards the group of people. The team of people also came forward directly, showing no intention of retreating.

Soon the two sides had collided with each other. This battle was dominated by the old disciple team. They rushed to the front and were the main force in this battle. Although other people also participated in the attack, they have been restrained. , and at the same time, they were still paying attention to the situation around them. Just when they had been fighting for about a quarter of an hour, another team of 5,000 people appeared and rushed towards them.