c7733 plan

Zhang Ke and the others stood on an unknown hill, waiting for the arrival of other groups. Gu Yi and Yuan Kong got together at one time. Yuan Kong said to Gu: "Bones, I really didn't expect that the sect was actually there. Established in such an environment, the sect leader is really great. It is really not easy for the sect to get to where it is today. What I didn't expect is that the sect in the lower realm would be like this. Not only has it dominated the world, but it has also integrated several other interfaces into the Xuanwu space. No wonder our Xuanwu space is so big, it’s amazing, it’s amazing.”

Gu Yi said in a deep voice: "Now you know the greatness of the sect. Each of those elders have experienced hundreds of battles and fought with the sect all the way. That's why we have the bloody killing sect today. However, What direction our Blood Killing Sect will take in the future depends on us. Those elders will point out a direction, but we are the ones who really charge. We will never lose to those people before. We must Pushing forward all the way, our Blood Killing Sect becomes even greater." His voice was extremely firm, and the soul fire in his eyes was burning fiercely.

Yuan Kong also nodded, his eyes also showed a look of yearning, and he said loudly: "Okay, the next step is up to us. We must make the Blood Killing Sect become the largest sect in the world. We must let those elders and seniors know that among us members of the Blood Killing Sect, there will only be one generation stronger than the other."

"Okay, that's great." A burst of cheers came. This sound was not only made by Zhang Ke and the others, but also by another group of people, who had just arrived here. People from several other teams also heard Yuan Kong's words and couldn't help but shout "Hello".

There was also a smile on Zhang Ke's face. He was very satisfied with Yuan Kong's current performance, so he walked directly to the people in the teams, gave them a fist, and then said with a slight smile: "Let Everyone is laughing." Although his words were very polite, the pride in his words could not be concealed at all.

"Hahahaha, if you have such a person in your team, your team will definitely become stronger in the future. We, the Blood Killing Sect, just can't live without this kind of spirit. Hahahaha, to be honest, after hearing that I am very happy to be able to work with your team this time. You performed very well last time and beat us badly. There are many newcomers in your team, so you can beat us to this level. It's really beyond my expectation." The person who spoke was a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, but for him to stand up and speak now means that he is the captain of that team, and his status is certainly not low.

Zhang Ke immediately smiled and said: "There, let you laugh. What happened last time was really thanks to an old member of our team. Otherwise, we wouldn't be able to do that. Gu Yi, come on , meet all the captains." After saying this, Zhang Ke waved and summoned Gu Yi over.

Gu Yi didn't say anything and just walked over. The captains looked at Gu Yi's skeleton and couldn't help but smile. One of the captains even smiled and said: "It turns out they are from the Necromancer clan, not bad. , when did you become a member of the undead clan?"

The people of the Blood Killing Sect have no aversion to the people of the undead clan. On the contrary, they admire the people of the undead clan very much, because there are many people of the undead clan who are subordinate to other enemies. Those who died during the war eventually became members of the undead clan, so they would never have any displeasure with him.

Gu Yi said solemnly: "I was unlucky on the black and white battlefield." Gu Yi did become a member of the undead clan on the black and white battlefield. He was indeed very unlucky. He was killed by the Shadow Clan on the black and white battlefield. He is dead, otherwise his strength would not be as strong as it is now.

But when the captain heard what Gu Yi said, he shook his head and said: "This is not that you are unlucky, but that our losses in the Black and White Battlefield were indeed not small. At that time, we had just arrived at the Eight Tribes of Tianlong. , the strength is not as good as those of the Shadow Clan, so many people died, and you are all heroes."

Gu Yi shook his head and said: "No, I'm just an ordinary disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, I can't be called a hero." Gu Yi really thought so, he was so convinced that he was really just a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, They are really not heroes, but in the eyes of ordinary Blood Killing Sect disciples, they can indeed be regarded as heroes.

The man just smiled slightly and didn't say anything more. Instead, he said: "Forget it, let's not talk about this. Let's talk about other things. You all know about this training. Our six teams will fight against each other. Eleven teams, this is not a good battle, and the last time we fought, you used a lot of means, but this time there are two teams, running to which side, so that is He said that they must be on guard against the various methods you used before. If they use those methods, they will probably be of no use. They probably won’t divide their troops this time. Even if they divide their troops, they will only divide their troops into divisions. Two teams, so that any one of the two teams will be able to fight us, and the other team will never be too far away from them. If we attack one of the teams, the other team will definitely We will come to support, but we will still be very passive when the time comes, so this battle will not be easy to fight. What do you think?"

One of the captains said: "Actually, we used the wrong method in the last battle. The sect has regulations. In every training, the two sides must fight. If they don't fight, then both sides will have to fight in the end. When we were punished, we were too anxious and too arrogant last time, so we failed in the end. If we were more careful, we would never fail, and this time the opponent will definitely learn from us. It’s a one-time experience, so it’s more difficult to deal with them, but I do have an idea, which is to lure the enemies to our pre-arranged battlefield and then deal with them, what do you think?”

When the other people heard what he said, they all understood what he meant. The person who spoke before said: "What you mean is that we first choose a place, then set up the magic circle there, and then we go to find it." The opponent is pretending to be invincible and retreats all the way to our battlefield. Then we can use the magic circle we have arranged there in advance to wipe them all out? But what does this mean? "

The person who came up with the idea nodded, and the other captains also nodded. This method is really good. When I think of this, if this method is really feasible, it would be really great, and At present, it seems that this method is also the best method. Otherwise, with their current strength, it is absolutely impossible for them to be the opponents of the opponent. If they use any conspiracy, I am afraid that the opponent will not be easily fooled, so this method is the best. good.

At this time, a captain said: "If we really do this, then we will face a lot of pressure. If the opponent divides their troops, it will take a certain amount of time to lead them to our preset location. During this period of time, we must withstand the opponent's attack, otherwise, our plan will not succeed, what do you think?"

Several captains all nodded, and the captain who spoke before said: "If you want to win, you must make sacrifices. If you want to withstand the enemy's attack, you must have two teams of people to resist the enemy." Okay, our team can go up. Which of your teams is willing to go up? The sacrifice for the team going up like this will be very heavy. You have to think clearly."

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhang Ke said in a deep voice: "Let's do it. After the last fierce battle, the people in our team are already very familiar with this situation, and our morale is now very high. , even if we are pushed up by then, we will definitely be able to withstand it, so you can rest assured."

Upon hearing what he said, the captains all looked at each other in confusion. They knew that there were many newcomers in Zhang Ke's team. If they were allowed to step up and fail in the end, then their entire plan would... But it is about to fail, but if Zhang Ke and the others are not allowed to take the lead now, it will be a blow to Zhang Ke and the others. It will undoubtedly tell Zhang Ke and the others that we do not trust you. If they really do this, then But it really offended Zhang Ke and the others, so they really couldn't say this.

The captain who was the oldest to speak thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do it this way. There are many old people in our team, so they will definitely be able to withstand it. Your team's morale is very high now, so it should be able to withstand it. The rest The four teams must conserve their strength, and when the enemy is lured to our preset battlefield, you will use all your strength to deal with them, and victory or defeat will be decided in one fell swoop."

When the other people heard what he said, they all stopped talking. Just like the captain said, there were more old people in their team, so they could fight for a longer period of time. It can be said that they were the strongest among the teams, so The other teams all follow their team's lead. Now that he has said this, the others will naturally not object.

Zhang Ke said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, we will definitely be able to withstand it, but before that, we must think about where to place the battlefield. I have already had people reconnoiter the terrain nearby. All of us Let’s discuss it, and do it as soon as possible. The enemies may have already assembled and are looking for us everywhere, and they shouldn’t be too far away from us, so we don’t have much time.”

While talking about Zhang Ke, he took out a projection and showed it to the others. When the others saw the projection that Zhang Ke took out, they were stunned for a moment, and then they all nodded. They responded to Zhang Ke's behavior. It is very recognized. This shows that Zhang Ke has done a lot of preparation work, which is very good. In fact, the Blood Killing Sect is also very fond of the terrain, because whether it is setting up a magic circle or fighting against the enemy, , making good use of the terrain is very beneficial to them, so they appreciate Zhang Ke's approach very much.