c7730 Accident

Zhang Ke was stunned for a moment, and then he asked with some confusion: "Where are the enemy's reinforcements?" They were the only eight teams fighting this time. There couldn't be anyone else. How could the enemy still have reinforcements coming? ? So Zhang Ke didn't quite understand what Gu Yi meant.

Gu Yi said loudly: "Those who were defeated by us, we can teleport over, and so can they. Hurry, we must disappear them as soon as possible." Gu Yi was really anxious. He finally understood why the sect It must take a year to train them. There are many people like Zhang Ke in the sect now. Compared with the original disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they are far behind. If the original The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have already begun a desperate charge. In that case, they would have disrupted the enemy's formation, and it would not be like now. The enemy is about to resume their battle formation.

When Zhang Ke heard Gu Yi's words, he couldn't help being shocked. He was about to tell Buck and the two of them what Gu Yi said, but suddenly he heard bursts of killing sounds coming from behind them. Zhang Ke Feeling his eyes darken, he knew that it was over, the enemy's reinforcements were really coming, and they had no chance.

At this time, Zhang Ke heard a voice saying: "The Blood Killing Sect only has disciples who died in battle and no disciples who surrendered. Even training is the same. Brothers, the enemy's reinforcements are coming. Now their number is There are more than us, but we are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Even if we die, we will never surrender. There is no point in escaping now. Fight them." This voice was very loud, and everyone on the battlefield was heard it.

What Zhang Ke heard was that this voice was that of Gu Yi. Originally, Gu Yi's voice was very rigid, but this time, the sound that Gu Yi made was very loud and passionate. Everyone who heard him said this The people who spoke were all excited, and their originally chaotic minds suddenly calmed down.

At this moment, another voice was heard saying: "Yes, kill one and you will earn one. Kill two and you will earn one. Kill." This voice was extremely rich, as if someone was speaking from his chest. It was the same thing that came out directly. With this shout, their morale was greatly shaken, and they went straight towards the enemy.

Zhang Ke heard it. The person who shouted later was none other than Yuan Kong. Not long after Yuan Kong shouted these words, a giant ape suddenly appeared in their team. This giant ape suddenly appeared in their team. The ape was very tall. He held a huge iron rod in his hand and rushed forward. With one sweep of the rod, several of them were swept away by him and turned into a white light and disappeared. Then the giant ape went crazy. He roared and charged towards the enemy again.

At this time, a voice came from the enemy's formation: "The true form has been revealed. Everyone, we are elite disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. We cannot embarrass the sect. Let's fight!" At this sound, countless people shouted: "Fight it." After saying that, they shouted and rushed towards the giant ape, Zhang Ke and the others.

I don't know how long it took, Yuan Kong felt his eyes blur, and the next moment he appeared in his room. He took a look at his body, but found that his body still looked like a human body. He couldn't help but He took a deep breath, then stood up and walked outside. He knew that the things they used in the real illusion could also be used in reality. It was precisely because of this that he wanted to try it. , see if you can transform.

When he arrived in the yard, he thought to himself for a while, and then gave a deep drink. The next moment, his body slowly grew bigger, and long white hair began to grow on his body. Finally, he became a man more than ten meters tall. The giant white ape, he touched his body and felt the incomparable power in his body. He couldn't help but feel overjoyed. He couldn't help but look up to the sky and roar, and the sound spread far and wide.

"Okay, old monkey, please stop barking a few times. If you disturb others, someone will come to settle accounts with you." A voice suddenly came. This voice was still so rigid, but the words he said seemed to be full of emotion. A little naughty, Yuan Kong turned around and saw a thin skeleton walking out of a room and looking at him with his huge eyes.

Yuan Kong chuckled, stretched out his hand, and caught the skeleton in his hand. He looked at the skeleton and said in a deep voice: "Bones, now you have become so small, I really don't know what to do. What if?" I accidentally crushed you into pieces, what should I do?"

Although Gu Yi was caught in his hand, he didn't care at all. He looked at Yuan Kong and said: "Okay, your pretense means that you look bluffing. If you really fight with someone, At that time, people directly used the exercises to support you, but in this state, you have no way to use the exercises to support yourself. It will still be you who will suffer the loss, so you should think carefully about how to restore yourself. It’s better to forget about your true body’s abilities.”

Upon hearing what Gu Yi said, Yuan Kong couldn't help but be startled. Then he looked at Gu Yi and said, "Why do you have to forget it? I think I can also use the technique to support me in this situation." After that, he put Gu Yi down. , and then a dharma appearance suddenly appeared on his body, but this dharma appearance was that of a giant ape. The giant ape was holding a long iron rod in his hand, and Yuan Kong's figure had disappeared.

When he saw this situation, Gu Yi was stunned, but he didn't say anything. He saw that after the giant ape moved a few times, it returned to Yuan Kong's appearance. This time, he didn't even look like a giant ape. Having been lifted, Gu Yi immediately said: "How about old monkey, can you use the Dharma form when you transform into your true body?"

Yuankong nodded and said: "Yes, but it's still a bit uncomfortable. It takes a while to get used to it." Yuankong can really do it. He has done it before, but it just feels a little awkward, so he did it this time. After he was released from that state, he didn't notice that the soul fire in Gu Yi's eyes jumped sharply.

"Great, old monkey, this is really an amazing achievement. This matter must be reported to let everyone in the sect know that in the past, people in the sect, regardless of their strength, as long as they were demon clan , or transformed into a demon clan, there is no way to use the skills to bless, but you can use the skills to bless today, which is very amazing, you must study it carefully." After Gu Yi finished speaking, Yuan Kong continued Just go to Zhang Ke's room, they have to report this matter.

As soon as they arrived outside Zhang Ke's room, they heard the door of the room being pushed open. Then Zhang Ke walked out of the room. He glanced at the two of them, then sighed softly and said: "Failed. But the enemy did not fare well either. Our entire army died in the battle, and they also lost more than 4,000 people. In the end, there were only 600 or 700 people left to fight."

Then, without waiting for Gu Yi and Yuan Kong to speak, he looked at the two of them and said, "You two are very good, really very good. It is precisely because of your encouragement that we can reach this level. Otherwise, I'm afraid, We have failed a long time ago. You have done a really good job. I want to thank you very much."

Gu Yi and Yuan Kong noticed that Zhang Ke's temperament seemed to have changed a bit, but they didn't think much about it. Gu Yi immediately said to Zhang Ke: "Captain, we must report the old monkey's matter. Before, he When the true body appears, you can still use the blessing of exercises. This is something that the sect has been studying, but there is no progress, so we must report it. This matter is really a big deal for the sect. It’s so important.”

When Zhang Ke heard what Gu Yi said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he turned to look at Yuan Kong. Yuan Kong saluted Zhang Ke, but there was a smile on Zhang Ke's face that couldn't be concealed. , he looked at the two people and said: "Okay, great, this matter must be reported, you guys wait." After saying that, he immediately formed a magic circle in his hand, and then a projection appeared on the magic circle, Then Zhang Ke entered some words into the projection, and then those words disappeared. Zhang Ke immediately turned to Gu Yi and the other two and said: "Okay, it has been reported. Let's wait. It should be available soon." News.”

Both Gu Yi and Gu Yi knew that Zhang Ke must have reported it through the automatic management system. This automatic management system is very effective and will automatically filter out very important information and report it directly to Wen Wenhai and the others, so they believe that Zhang Ke This piece of information will definitely go unnoticed by Wen Wenhai and the others soon.

Sure enough, as they thought, before Zhang Ke's message was sent to them for less than a cup of tea, two people suddenly appeared in their yard. Both of them were wearing red robes and looked to be quite old. , as soon as the two people appeared in the courtyard, Zhang Ke and the others immediately saluted them and said, "I have seen these two elders."

The two of them nodded at the three of them, and then simultaneously cast their gazes on Yuan Kong, and said solemnly: "It's you. After transforming into the real body, you can still use the skills to support? Give it a try." The two of them said in a deep voice. He didn't waste any words and went straight to the topic without even looking at Gu Yi and Zhang Ke.

Yuankong did not dare to neglect them. They knew that the people who came at this time were often from Shenji Hall, and Shenji Hall was the first hall of the Blood Killing Sect. In the eyes of Yuankong and the others, all the people there were A group of lunatics, in their eyes, there is nothing else except research, so it is not surprising that they treat Gu Yi and Zhang Ke with such an attitude. Even the sect master, when these people are researching When the time comes, I won't bother them, let alone other people.

Yuan Kong gave a low drink, and the next moment he had transformed into a white ape, and then transformed into a giant ape, and this giant ape was the Dharma blessed by the technique, but after he turned into a giant ape, he looked a little... They were not used to it, and their bodies were moving around. Their movements frightened Gu Yi and Zhang Ke, fearing that Yuan Kong could not control themselves.

But the two elders had been observing Yuan Kong's appearance very carefully. After a while, one of them nodded and said: "It is true that he showed his true body and used the power to support it. Okay, Great, this time there is finally a breakthrough in this research, okay boy, remove the Dharma and come with us."