c7737 grade

As soon as he heard what Gu Yi said, Zhang Ke immediately understood what he meant. Gu Yi's meaning was actually very easy to understand. When they were weak in the past, everyone knew that if they wanted to defeat the enemy, they must unite. If they are not united, there will be only a dead end in the end. It is absolutely impossible for them to defeat the enemy. Although they are the weaker party, there will be no big punishment if they fail, but they will definitely not be able to survive in terms of face, so they We will be very united and there won't be any conflicts. We all have only one goal, to defeat the enemy, so there won't be any problems.

But this time is different. This time they are the stronger side. In this case, who can get control of all their teams is very important for a captain, because he can command these For people, defeating the enemy is an honor for them, and they may be favored by the sect in the future.

Although the Blood Killing Sect has always been very fair, it is necessary to give preferential treatment to some disciples who have performed well. At this point, no one can say anything. It is precisely because of this that the position of this commander, It is very popular. Under such circumstances, competition for the position of commander is probably inevitable.

And once this happens, it is impossible for them to be completely united. Once they are not united, it will not be easy to defeat the enemy. Thinking of this, Zhang Ke's face couldn't help but look a little... He became solemn, glanced at Gu Yi, and said in a deep voice: "Gu Yi, what do you think?"

Gu Yi smiled bitterly and said: "I don't have any ideas. In fact, captain, this is also the purpose of this training. In the past, the sect divided the disciples into different levels to prevent this kind of situation. For example, the elders were divided into How many levels, how many levels are disciples divided into? Even formal disciples are actually divided into high-level, intermediate-level, and low-level. Before, we people never quite understood why the sect did this, but now we understand that the sect is I’m afraid that this will happen.”

Speaking of this, Gu Yi continued: "Like this time, there are twenty teams and twenty team captains. Their levels are actually different. Normally speaking, those captains with lower levels must listen to For a high-level captain, and for a high-level captain, if two people are of the same level, it depends on seniority, and the minority can be followed by the majority, and other methods to select a commander as soon as possible, but Ever since people from the Sea Tribe and Celestial Realm joined, they don't seem to take this very seriously. Sometimes it happens that they are both captains, but at a lower level, and they don't listen to the captains with a higher level. Situation, the sect did not punish them before, but this time the training is to make those people understand the disadvantages of what they did. You see, even if there is that low-level captain who really becomes the commander, in the end Even if you win, you may be punished by the sect, and the sect will use this method to tell everyone that the sect's rules cannot be messed with."

Having said this, Gu Yi turned to look at Zhang Ke and said: "Captain, you are only an intermediate disciple among the official disciples, and your level is not very high. In this battle, there will definitely be someone with a higher level than you. If I were you If so, you must choose a captain with the highest level and the most seniority and obey his command, because this is the sect’s destiny.”

Zhang Ke was stunned for a moment, and then his expression couldn't help but change. What Gu Yi said, he really didn't expect that for the sect's rule that the lower-ranking person should obey the orders of the higher-ranking person, he was I know, but because everyone is usually together and behaves very normally, no one takes it seriously. But now when he heard Gu Yi say this, he understood that the original rules of the sect, But they are all useful and not something they can mess around with.

Gu Yi looked at Zhang Ke's look, and then said in a deep voice: "Captain, I have already said what I should say. The purpose of the sect's training this time is to integrate the whole sect. You are doing a good job now. You have studied the history of the sect, and you are proud of being a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. From this point of view, you can already be regarded as a qualified sect disciple, and from this point of view, you are already You have done well by being ahead of others, but you have to remember that you are proud of being a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, so you must abide by the rules of the sect. As long as you do a good job With these two points, you will become a true disciple of the Blood Killing Sect and will be fully recognized by the sect. I will say this. Captain, what you do is up to you. I'll take my leave." After Gu said, As soon as he stood up, he saluted Zhang Xing and turned around to leave.

Seeing Gu Yi leave, Zhang Ke's expression was gloomy. It took him a while before he took a breath, and then murmured: "I see, hahahaha, the sect master is really powerful, he actually came up with such a method. , So, so good, hahahaha, I’m afraid there are a lot of unlucky people this time, but they deserve their bad luck. They joined the Blood Killing Sect and dared to disrespect the sect leader’s order. It’s normal to be unlucky.”

After Zhang Ke said these words, he stopped talking and went directly back to his room. He had to think carefully and see what he was going to do next. Now he was already a blood-killing sect towards him. The disciple's identity was fully recognized, and he was proud of his identity.

But before, he didn't care much about some little things, but now he discovered that those little things that he didn't care about were all the crystallization of wisdom accumulated by the sect over the years, some inconspicuous little things, some things that they didn't care about. The little things in life can really play an important role when necessary. He must have a good understanding of the sect's rules. This is very important to him.

The next day, Zhang Ke and his team entered the real illusion directly. After they entered the real illusion, they found that this time they all did not appear together, but were scattered in different places. Zhang Ke While stunned, he immediately understood that the sect's test was probably starting from here.

Zhang Ke turned around and took a look around, and found that the place he was now was at the foot of a sand dune. There were sand dunes of different heights all around him. There was a fiery sun in the sky, which made the temperature of where he was, He became very high, and he could feel the heat waves rolling in from all around him, which made his body feel a little uncomfortable.

Zhang Ke is a monk. There is spiritual energy in the body of monks, so they should be invulnerable to cold and heat, but this does not mean that they have no requirements for the surrounding environment. An environment like the desert can be said to be very harsh. In such an environment, they will still feel uncomfortable.

But this was nothing to him. He immediately mobilized the magic circles in his external incarnation and transformed those magic circles, making those magic circles cooler and better at the same time. It absorbs the spiritual energy around it, and there is spiritual energy in the desert.

Then he immediately contacted the people in his team and sent his coordinates to everyone in the team, asking them to gather here. After receiving the news, the people in his team rushed over immediately. They were not very far away. If they were really far away, they could use the teleportation array to come directly, so everyone gathered together quickly.

After confirming that everyone was around him, Zhang Ke glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Have you transformed the magic circle in your incarnation to make yourself more comfortable, and at the same time make yourself more comfortable?" Can the magic circle better absorb the spiritual energy here?"

Everyone responded, and Zhang Ke nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "Have you seen the surrounding terrain?" Every time Zhang Ke and the others participated in training, as soon as they appeared in the real illusion, The surrounding terrain will be reconnoitred soon, so Zhang Ke asked this question.

Immediately, several people said: "We have already scouted it." Then they took out their own projection array, and then they handed their projection array to Zhang Ke, and Zhang Ke took over their projection array. , directly input the projections in their projection array into his optical brain, and then used the optical brain to combine those projections into a new map.

After the map was built, Zhang Ke directly released the map, and then he directed the map and said: "Now we are at this location, in the desert, there are no obvious landmarks, we want to find other places in a short time It is not an easy task for those in the team. I think the same situation should be true for other people. This requires us to be more careful. If the enemy is like this, then we may directly encounter another one. The enemy's team, so when we meet someone in the future, we must first ask clearly, even if he says he is with us, we must be wary of them."

Everyone agreed, and then Zhang Ke said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's go, let's fly directly, but don't fly too high, pay attention to the surroundings, and once there is something clear, be ready to fight and take action immediately ." Following his order, everyone flew up, but they were not flying very high, only a dozen meters away from the ground, and their flying speed was very slow, so they moved forward carefully.

But at this moment, they suddenly saw a red light rising into the sky not far ahead, and then exploded in the sky, turning into a large ball of red light, and stopped in the sky. They didn't disperse for a long time. When he saw this situation, Zhang Ke couldn't help but be startled. Then he immediately said: "It seems that someone is sending a signal. Let's go over and see if it is an enemy or a friend."

Naturally, everyone would not object, and they all followed Zhang Ke and rushed in the direction of the red light. Because they already had a clear target, their speed was much faster, and soon they arrived near the red light. As soon as they arrived near the red light, they immediately discovered that a lot of people had gathered there, at least about 7,000 people. As soon as they saw this situation, Zhang Ke was stunned. He couldn't help but You know what to do next.