c7738 coming

Just when Zhang Ke didn't know what to do, a group of people flew out from that team. It was obvious that the other party also discovered Zhang Ke and the others. Zhang Ke knew very well that at this time, no matter whether the other party was the enemy Even if he is a friend, he can't run. If he runs, then if the other party is one of his own, he will be regarded as an enemy. Moreover, the distance between the two parties is not very far, and they may not be able to run, so he will immediately The order was given: "Everyone, prepare for battle."

Soon, all of Zhang Ke and the others were ready to fight. At this time, the team also came to Zhang Ke and the others. They did not attack Zhang Ke and the others. The leader of the team, He looked at Zhang Ke and the others, then nodded and said: "Cast a signal spell."

Zhang Ke was stunned and didn't quite understand what the other party meant, but he didn't say much. He knew that there must be a reason why the other party asked him to do this. He almost guessed the reason, so he said to the communication array : "Get ready for battle. If the signal I send out is not red, we may encounter the enemy." After saying that, he waved his hand and released a signal spell, and as soon as his signal spell flew up, Everyone couldn't help but feel relieved, because the signal spell was also red, the same color as the signal spell the other party had released before.

This signal spell is actually a very special spell in the Blood Killing Sect. In the past, the Blood Killing Sect did not have a special signal spell. All they had was a light spell. That spell was because The brightness was very strong, so many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect would use it as a signal. Later, people in the sect developed a special signal spell based on that light spell. , the purpose of this signal technique is to use it as a signal bomb, but after the improved technique is released, the light will be brighter, stay in the air longer, and can even change in various ways. Such a shape, very good.

However, if this signal spell is used outside, under normal circumstances, it is impossible to change the color of the spell. When this spell is used outside, it will all be white. However, I did not expect that when used here, it would be white. It's red. Obviously, this technique has undergone certain changes here.

When the other party saw that the signal spell they released was red, they also breathed a sigh of relief. Then the leader raised his fist at Zhang Ke and said: "I'm sorry, senior brother, there is nothing we can do about this. There is no way." Thinking that this time the sect increased the difficulty of training, they did not give us a gathering place. Although they told us how many teams there were, they did not tell us which team they were. So we can only use this method to make sure everyone My identity is revealed, everyone, please come with me." After saying this, he made an invitation gesture on one side of his body.

Zhang Ke hurriedly raised his fist at him and said, "You're welcome. This senior brother is too polite. This is what it should be. But senior brothers, how did you find out that the signal spell changes color here?" Zhang Ke was concerned about this. The children are still very curious, they really haven't discovered this before.

The man smiled bitterly and said: "Don't be so polite, just call me Wu Ling. As for the color change of this signal, we only discovered it after suffering a loss. Once before, when we were training, it was six We only had one team to deal with the opponent's four teams. When our six teams gathered, we suddenly discovered that there was an extra team. In other words, we had seven teams here. Everyone was stunned. We didn’t know which team was not ours, so we all suspected each other, but in the end, the other team seized the opportunity and defeated us in one fell swoop. After learning that lesson, we became more discerning, and we became acquainted with each other later on. The team directly set a secret code. When we meet here during training, we will make some changes in our signal technique. If it is the team with fewer people, our signal technique will be fish. In the shape of a bird, if there are many people, our signal technique will be in the shape of a bird. Later, when we arrived in the real illusion, we discovered that it is very simple to distinguish whether it is an enemy or a friend. If there are many people, the signal will be red. , and on the side with fewer people, the signal is blue, and here, we still have no way to change the color of the signal at will. It is very easy to use this method to analyze the enemy. This may be the one opened by the sect leader with us. Just kidding, he didn’t really want to deal with us, otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to separate the enemies so conveniently.”

Zhang Ke said to the person with some confusion: "But if you really use the shape of the signal to identify which party it belongs to, as you agreed before, what if one party deliberately deceives the other party?" Although now It is possible to use color to identify identities, but the agreement between Wu Ling and the others was indeed flawed, so Zhang Ke asked like this.

Wu Ling shook his head and said, "Don't worry about this. Our teams usually have a very good relationship. Everyone knows that this is training, and there is no need to plot against each other on such matters, so we They will not deliberately deceive each other, and everyone showed their signals at the same time, so there is no need to worry about this problem. This time our teams are not very far away. As soon as we appeared here, we contacted each other and immediately After discovering each other, we got together directly, and then we found that everyone was in the same group, and then we got together."

Zhang Ke nodded, then saluted to the other party and said: "Thank you, Senior Brother Wu Ling, for informing me. In the next chapter, Zhang Ke, if we meet here in the future, we also hope to do the same. Just like what you said, Senior Brother, everyone is Fellow disciple, we are just training now, there is no need to go too far, what do you think, senior brother?"

Wu Ling smiled at Zhang Ke and said: "There is no problem. When we encounter each other during training in the future, we will check the identity of the other party first, and then decide whether they are a group or an enemy. If they are enemies, we are all You can't hold back, otherwise if you let the sect know, you will be punished."

Zhang Ke said with a smile: "No problem, if one day we really become enemies, please don't show mercy, senior brother." After saying that, he and Wu Ling both laughed, just like Zhang Ke and the others said. , they are all brothers, they are all in the same sect. Now it is just training, there is no need to be too decisive. If everything here is really regarded as actual combat, it would really be too much.

Of course, Zhang Ke also knew very well that the sect did not really want them to train in a full combat state. This training was actually just to integrate the sect, and the purpose was not training, so they did this , the sect will not blame them.

At this time, Zhang Ke and the others also arrived at the brigade. Several captains gathered together. Wu Ling introduced Zhang Ke to the other people. They also left each other the coordinates of the array. The coordinates of this array were actually Just like the phone number, every disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has one. Zhao Hai actually wanted to call this thing the array number, but he felt it was a bit inappropriate, so in the end he just called it the array coordinates. Now Zhang Ke and the others are like this Doing this is equivalent to leaving contact information with each other, so that you can contact each other frequently in the future. This is also the purpose of this training.

After the captains discussed it, one of them said: "Now we have eight thousand people. Even if the enemy is completely gathered now, we have the strength to fight. There is nothing to worry about." Yes, so what we have to do now is to find all the others first, gather everyone together, and then act together."

Several people all nodded. There was nothing to say about this. Everyone was gathered together now. This was very important to them, so no one objected. The captain then said: "Let's release it." Signal, people from other teams will definitely gather here, because even if they don’t know whether they are friends or foes, they will come here first to see what is being said.”

None of them objected, which was actually the case. It was because of this idea that Zhang Ke and the others came over. When he saw that none of them objected, the man said: "Okay, okay, that's it." It's decided, let's send out the signal, but we must also be ready to fight." Several people all responded. It was obvious that Wu Ling and the others were very convinced by the captain's words, and Zhang Ke naturally did not What a surprise to raise objections.

Soon, another red signal shot up into the sky, and Zhang Ke and the others were also ready to fight. Not long after the signal was sent out, two more teams of people came over. Although these two teams They seemed to be walking together, but there was a distance between them, as if they were wary of each other.

As soon as he saw this situation, Zhang Ke understood that the two groups must not know how to identify their identities, otherwise they would not be like this. When the two groups saw the faces of so many people like Zhang Ke, At that moment, they all stopped and looked at them warily.

It was Wu Ling who came forward to meet with the people from the two teams again, and finally confirmed that the people from the two teams were all from the same group. Everyone was relieved. Then people from several teams came here one after another, and finally found that , the people who came here were all from their group. Finally, half an hour after Zhang Ke and the people from the brigade gathered, all twenty of their teams gathered together.

When everyone gathered together, Zhang Ke and his captains were called together once. Twenty captains gathered around. One of the captains said: "Now that everyone is gathered, we can start the next step." , but before taking action, there is one more thing that must be resolved, and that is the issue of command authority. Our twenty teams act together, and there must be a unified command. Otherwise, we will be scattered, and it is very likely that we will be defeated by the other party. To those who are defeated, I think no one wants to lose, so we must make the command clear, what do you think?"

When he heard what he said, Zhang Ke couldn't help but feel a chill in his heart, and secretly said: "It's really here!" He had already thought of this situation, but he didn't expect that the other party would bring it up directly and openly.