c7749 possible

Emperor Shaktian did not lie. He is really not suitable to be in charge of Buddhism now. He has now reached the second level of advancement of Lord Emperor Shaktian, that is, he has reached the state where he can see mountains but not mountains and water not water. At this point In this state, his mind has been completely relaxed, and the seven emotions and six desires have poured into his heart, and his mind will be extremely jumpy. When will he really get rid of this situation and find out what is in his heart? Only when his Buddha nature is extremely strong will he reach the third level. Before that, it is absolutely impossible for him to go to the Buddhist sect in the sect. If he really does that, Well, the Buddhist sect in the sect is probably about to be destroyed.

Shang Yunzhi and the others really didn’t know much about Buddhism, so they didn’t say much. They just nodded. Then Shang Yunzhi turned to Elder Jiuling and said, “Elder Jiuling, what have you gained? Is that so?" Shang Yunzhi knew very well that Jiuling Lao was also very powerful, and Jiuling Lao's gains this time should be quite big.

Jiuling Lao said in a deep voice: "My gains this time are not small. I mainly understand some of the laws of space now, but I haven't understood much yet, but it doesn't matter. I believe that in the future, we I will definitely comprehend more, I will." Old Jiuling did not lie. What he is comprehending now is indeed some laws about space. If the laws of space and the laws of time are the two major foundations in the world, It is naturally very difficult to understand the magic circle.

Shang Yunzhi said in a deep voice: "Okay, you actually comprehended the laws of space. This is not an easy thing. I think you should go to Daozi Mountain to see it when you have time. That will help you comprehend the law." It’s more beneficial, so don’t be anxious this time, remember your own feelings, and meditate carefully. Even if you can’t meditate here, don’t be nervous. In the future, when we leave from here, you will reach the Tao. Go to Zishan to comprehend, and you will definitely gain something. The important thing is to complete the accumulation here. As long as you have accumulated enough here, you will be able to break through immediately when you go out."

Jiuling was so old that he didn't say anything, just nodded. He believed Shang Yunzhi's words, because Shang Yunzhi was an old man of the Blood Killing Sect, and he knew the situation of the Blood Killing Sect better, so his words , and is more representative, so he is actually very convinced by Shang Yunzhi's words.

Shang Yunzhi looked at the faces of several people, smiled slightly and said: "This time we have entered the time acceleration area, and you are here. Let's improve our strength here. When we enter the Wanshan Realm, we will kill the sect with blood. It will definitely surprise all the sects and forces in Wanshan Realm, and we must make them understand forever that our Blood Killing Sect will definitely be much stronger than them."

Everyone nodded. Emperor Shitian looked at Shang Yunzhi and said: "Old Shang, tell me the truth. Do you think the sect master will help me avenge the Jade Buddha Temple? The Jade Buddha Temple is a Buddhist sect, but it is not strong enough." Weak, but Xuanjia Sect can destroy the Jade Buddha Temple, which proves that they are also very strong. Will the sect leader really help the Jade Buddha Temple to avenge it?"

Shang Yunzhi glanced at Di Shitian and Jiuling Lao and the others, smiled slightly and said: "As soon as I heard you say this, I know that you don't understand the sect master at all. Of course the sect master will avenge you, not just To avenge you, we also merged the entire Wanshan Realm into our Blood Killing Sect, so avenging you is nothing more than a small matter."

When Elder Jiuling and the others heard what Shang Yunzhi said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Elder Jiuling even said: "Will the sect master really conquer the entire Wanshan Realm? But why did the sect master do this? There is absolutely no need for him to do this. ?" Elder Jiuling and the others really think so. In their opinion, there is no need for Zhao Hai to conquer the Wanshan Realm. There is no need at all. Aren't their main enemies the Shadow Clan people? What does it have to do with other sects in Wanshan Realm? Why conquer those sects?

Shang Yunzhi smiled slightly and said: "It's not that we must conquer those sects, but in the end you will find that we have to conquer those sects. This is something that can be expected. Let's imagine that we have reached Wanwan. What kind of things will happen in the Mountain Realm? When we get to the Wanshan Realm, and then we deal with the power of the Shadow Clan’s laws, let’s talk about it first. The sects in the Wanshan Realm have not been affected by the Shadow Clan’s power. The power of law has penetrated, and they are still fighting against the power of law of the Shadow Clan. We have not provoked them. So what will they think of our sudden appearance? Even if we don't deal with them, we only want to deal with the Shadow Clan. What will they think about the power of law?"

Jiuling Lao and Emperor Shitian were both stunned. They really didn't know what to say for a moment. They could probably guess what the sect leaders would think, but they really couldn't say anything. When Bu Shou looked at Shang Yunzhi, Elder Jiuling sighed and said: "At best, those people will sit on the wall and watch us fight with the Shadow Clan and both sides will suffer. At worst, they will drag us down." of the hind legs.”

Shang Yunzhi said solemnly: "What you said is not wrong at all, but I can say that it is absolutely impossible for them to sit back and watch, because if we defeat the Shadow Clan, we will seize the territory from the Shadow Clan. We There will be a bigger territory, more manpower, and more materials. Although we don’t really need those things, those sects don’t think so. They will only see how much we occupy. They will never think about how much material there is on our territory. They will never think about whether those things are useful to us. When the time comes, they will definitely want to take those territories away from us. At that time, conflict will be inevitable. Well, they would never have thought that if we hadn’t conquered those territories, those territories would always be in the hands of the Shadow Clan and would never be theirs. Maybe in their eyes, the Shadow Clan people, It’s more terrifying than those of us who defeated the Shadow Clan, because we will always be monks, and the Shadow Clan people are the Shadow Clan people.”

Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao nodded unconsciously. Both of them were people who had ruled a world. Of course they knew people's mentality. Just like Shang Yunzhi said, some people, they They will always think that the enemy is more terrifying, but their own people who have defeated the enemy are far less scary than the enemy, so they dare to plot against their own people who have defeated the enemy, but they dare not deal with the enemy. This is the most sad thing about those people.

Shang Yunzhi then said: "If those sects in Wanshan Realm really dare to plot against us, then you also know the consequences. Will the sect master allow them to do this? A war will be inevitable by then, and for the people of Wanshan Realm In other words, we people, like the people of the Shadow Clan, are all outsiders. When we go to Wanshan Realm, we are stealing their territory. When the time comes, they will definitely unite and deal with us together. "

Di Shitian and Jiuling Lao nodded again. They really had no way to refute Shang Yunzhi's words, because people in Wanshan Realm would indeed think so. People in Wanshan Realm would not think so at all. They know that the Shadow Clan are not monks like them. They think that the Shadow Clan are a different kind of monks, just like the monks of the Demon Sect. Therefore, for the people in the Wanshan Realm, the Blood Killing Sect and the Shadow Clan, In fact, there is no difference, they are all outsiders.

And there is another point, although Shang Yunzhi did not say it, but they have already heard it, that is, the big sects in Wanshan Realm will not watch the Blood Killing Sect grow and threaten their status. These are those The big sects will never be allowed to see it, so those big sects will first deal with the Blood Killing Sect, and it is absolutely impossible for Zhao Hai to surrender to those big sects. By then, a war will be inevitable.

Shang Yunzhi looked at them and said solemnly: "This is at best, but at worst, the Shadow Clan people have infiltrated into various sects. When they find us, they will definitely let those lurking in those sects know about us. If the people in the sect sow discord between those people and us, then we will definitely have conflicts, and they will be able to reap the benefits, so whether it is at best or at worst, we are almost useless Maybe they can coexist peacefully with the various sects in Wanshan Realm."

At this point, Shang Yunzhi smiled bitterly, and then said: "What makes it even more troublesome is that the people of the Shadow Clan know about us. They know that we have been targeting them, so as long as we appear in Wanshan Realm, it will be us." If we don’t deal with the Shadow Clan, the Shadow Clan will definitely come to deal with us. If the Shadow Clan really controls some sects, then when we get to Wanshan Realm, we will face being attacked by the Shadow Clan and other sects. As for the situation of attacking, then we will be even more dangerous, so no matter from which aspect, the sects in Wanshan Realm will become our enemies, and the sect leader will never be lenient when dealing with enemies. It is the sect leader’s choice to destroy those sects.”

Speaking of this, Shang Yunzhi said with bright eyes: "The most likely situation is that after we arrived at Wanshan Realm, we were prepared to deal with the attack of the Shadow Clan, but before the Shadow Clan attacked us, , the sect master will take the opportunity to attack the sects in Wanshan Realm, clean up those sects in Wanshan Realm, turn those sects’ territory into our territory, and turn the disciples of those sects into ours to kill with blood disciples of the sect, and then build countless magic formations on our territory. Even if the Shadow Clan and the various sects in the Wanshan Realm deal with us at the same time, we can rely on the magic formations to defeat them one by one, and slowly to expand our footprint, just like we do with other interfaces."

When they heard what he said, Di Shitian and Jiuling Lao were all startled. Di Shitian even said: "But if we do that, won't we be in more danger? I face the entire I'm afraid our losses will not be small due to the attack of Wanshan Realm, right?" In Emperor Shitian's view, if Zhao Hai really did that, then Zhao Hai is a madman, an absolute madman, and only madmen would just arrive An interface wants to be an enemy of the entire interface. This is definitely not something that a normal person can do.