c7746 visit

Zhu Yong looked at Tu Ying who was talking, and then murmured: "This Tu Ying is really a character. It seems that we can pay more attention to it in the future. And it seems that he also sincerely wants to join the Blood Killing Sect. He used to He is the first one to ask to join the sect, and he is very sympathetic to the sect, so he is a very good choice."

No one answered him. He was in his own room, so of course no one would answer him. Finally, when Zhu Yong saw Mr. Jiuling and the others, they all accepted the sect's notice and had no objections. Then they went directly Guan raised the projection array and murmured: "Fortunately, none of them wanted to mess around, otherwise the young master might really kill someone this time."

Zhu Yong knew very well that Zhao Hai was not a kind-hearted person. If he really found out that someone wanted to betray him, he would definitely be the first to get rid of that person, just like this time. If anyone among Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao dared to hesitate at all, he would definitely kill them directly. Killing people was really too easy for Zhao Hai.

Zhu Yong stood up, took a long breath and said: "Send them all to the time acceleration area to retreat for a year. This will be enough to integrate all the disciples into the Blood Killing Sect and improve their strength. When they come out, Those disciples have become true disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and their strength has also improved. As long as they don't rebel, the sect will have a few more masters, which is really killing two birds with one stone."

Recently, Zhu Yong has been worried about how those disciples can integrate into the sect. In fact, there are many ANBU disciples like Gu Yi in the sect. Those small teams can change their appearance so quickly. , in fact, it is really related to those ANBU disciples.

Although the effect of this is very good, it has not achieved the effect that Zhu Yong wanted. Therefore, Zhu Yong is very supportive of moving Emperor Shitian and the others to the time acceleration zone for retreat this time. Yes, without Emperor Shitian and the others, those disciples would definitely integrate into the sect faster.

The fact is that as Zhu Yong said, as Emperor Shitian and Jiu Linglao entered the time acceleration zone to retreat, the fusion plan of the Blood Killing Sect disciples progressed more smoothly, and more and more disciples , being proud of being a blood-killing disciple, this is definitely a good thing for the blood-killing sect.

Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the changes in the sect for a while. He has a feeling that they will not leave the Tianlong Babu Realm for too long. He has a feeling that in the final main interface, they are afraid that They won't encounter any danger. As long as they don't encounter any danger there, they can quickly merge the realms and leave the Tianlong Babu Realm. At that time, they can naturally go to the Wanshan Realm. .

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Haicai did not think that after entering the main interface, taking down the main interface, and then performing disciple fusion, he felt that there would be no danger in the main interface. There, if you want to fuse it, you won't have that much time.

When Wen Wenhai and the others saw this situation, they also let out a sigh of relief. They were really afraid that Emperor Shitian and the others would cause trouble. Although even if Emperor Shitian and the others really made trouble, it would not be easy for Wen Wenhai and the others. It may not be a big deal. Emperor Shitian and the others will be dealt with soon, but they still don't want that to happen, because if such a thing really happens, the Blood Killing Sect will be plunged into chaos. Amidst the turmoil, this will affect their subsequent plans.

Unbeknownst to the lower-level disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the upper echelons of the Blood Killing Sect have completed a very important step for the Blood Killing Sect, and there is no trouble. Although for a period of time, the Blood Killing Sect has The senior management may have been nervous, but in the end they still got through that period of time safely.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are still training, and all of them are training very seriously. Moreover, the disciples who have been killed by the Blood Killing Sect are really very happy. Now they finally understand how this sect got to where it is today step by step. Yes, it was really fought one battle after another, and such a world was created. How could they not be happy for being members of such a sect.

Time passed bit by bit, and half a year passed in the blink of an eye. Zhao Hai saw that the current situation of the sect had basically stabilized, and the newly joined disciples of the sect had all approved of his bloody killing. As a disciple of the sect, he was even happy to be a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. He was completely relieved, so Zhao Hai decided to go to the Time Acceleration Zone to have a look.

Practicing for one year in the time acceleration zone, this year refers to the year outside, and inside the time acceleration zone, it is equivalent to ten years that have passed. For those monks, these ten years , is also very important, especially since the people who went in included Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao, so he needed to go in and take a look.

When Zhao Hai entered the time acceleration area, he saw Emperor Shitian, Jiuling Lao, and some other elders in the sect, all sitting there drinking tea and joking from time to time. It looked like they were Looking very leisurely, this situation did not surprise Zhao Hai. He just walked up to those people, smiled at them and said: "What are you talking about, so happy."

Those people turned around and saw that it was Zhao Hai. They were startled. Then they all stood up and saluted Zhao Hai: "I have met the sect master." Zhao Hai smiled slightly, waved his hand and said: "Okay, don't be so polite, just sit down." After saying that, he sat down first, and then several others followed suit.

Zhao Hai glanced at a few people and said with a smile: "It seems that you are doing well here. Your strength has improved a lot. Yes, after retreating here, your strength should improve when you go out. A lot, which is definitely a good thing for you, and also a good thing for the sect."

Jiuling Lao smiled and said: "Yes, it is really quiet here. No one comes to disturb us, and there is no trouble to disturb us. I usually reflect on my own experience, chat and communicate with these friends. Suddenly, my heart felt peaceful like never before, and I even had a feeling that his strength seemed to be improving again."

Several other people also nodded, and Dishitian also said with a smile on his face: "Yes, I also feel this way. The reason why I was named Dishitian before was because I was the venerable Dishitian. Dao, and Emperor Shitian can't help the seven emotions and six desires, I have always thought so before, but after staying here for a while, I slowly discovered that this is not the case. Emperor Shitian can't help the seven emotions and six desires, because He is strong enough and can no longer be affected by the seven emotions and six desires. In fact, his Buddhist heart is very firm. If you really think that Emperor Shitian can't help the seven emotions and six desires, then you are wrong, and it is a big mistake. Wrong, so I think that the Lord Shakti’s way actually has three levels. The first level is to see mountains as mountains and water as water. This level is the Lord Shakten’s way that I realized before. We think that Emperor Shakti can't help but have seven emotions and six desires. This means that we see mountains as mountains and water as water. The second level should be to see mountains as not mountains and water as not water. This is the state I want to reach now. We already know that Emperor Shitian is not really free from emotions and desires, those are just appearances, so this means looking at mountains as mountains, water as water, and in the end, looking at mountains as mountains, water as water, at that point At this time, the seven emotions and six desires are also the Buddha's heart, and everything is the Buddha's heart. This should be the highest state of the path of Lord Shakti."

Zhao Hai looked at Emperor Shitian with bright eyes, and after a while he burst into laughter and said: "Hahaha, okay, great, Emperor Shitian, I really didn't expect that your progress would be so great. Quick, it seems that you have come to the right place to enter the time acceleration zone. In fact, this third realm is not just for you, but is the same for all monks. I just didn't expect that you It’s so easy to figure it out, but just because you’ve figured it out, it doesn’t necessarily mean you can achieve it. You have to work hard, and the same goes for you, you also need to work hard.”

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai then glanced around, and then said in a deep voice: "I originally established this time acceleration area, firstly because I realized the law of time, so I naturally wanted to build such an area, and secondly also I want to create such an area where everyone can practice with peace of mind.”

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then glanced at everyone, and then said: "The training conditions of the Blood Killing Sect can be said to be very good, which is a good thing for all monks, but Similarly, it is a bad thing for all monks, because a good training environment, coupled with the most suitable exercises for them, will make their progress very fast, and in this way, they will not Summarize and look back to see if what they have learned before is still useful to them, and whether there is anything else. They have not learned enough at all. This will cause them to lose a lot of things, and it will also cause them to The foundation of the society is unstable, which is something I definitely don’t want to see, so I created such an area where people who practice can get peace and can better summarize what they have learned in the past. it's the best."

Everyone nodded. When they were outside before, they really didn't summarize what they had learned before, but after arriving here, they really did this. For them, this is amazing. It is definitely a good thing. In fact, they have discovered this a long time ago, but they did not expect that Zhao Hai established such a place precisely because of this. Now they admire Zhao Hai even more. Maritime affairs were all on their mind, and they couldn't help but admire Zhao Hai, so they all sat there like primary school students, listening to what Zhao Hai said honestly.