c7741 Tragic

Zhang Ke and the others were still rushing forward, but their pressure was getting bigger and bigger. Now their number was less than 500, but Zhang Ke didn't stop. He knew very well that in this magic circle, You must not stop. If you stop, you will be beaten to death, so you must rush forward with all your strength and keep rushing forward. Only in this way can you have a glimmer of life.

Zhang Ke has almost forgotten everything except rushing forward. Of course, he has not forgotten his team. He has been paying attention to the situation in the team and does not let himself be separated from the team. The pressure around him is also It's getting bigger and bigger, but Zhang Ke and the others are not desperate. They have been rushing forward. They have long forgotten what despair is. There is only one thought left, which is to rush forward, keep rushing forward.

Suddenly, Zhang Ke felt that his eyes were empty, and then the pressure around him disappeared. Zhang Ke couldn't help being stunned, but he cheered because he knew that they had fought out, and he immediately said loudly: " Brothers, work harder, we have already fought our way out."

Soon, all the people following Zhang Ke were killed. Zhang Ke turned around and found that there were only more than 300 people left in their team. The others were all killed in the battle. This made Zhang Ke's He couldn't help but feel a pain in his heart. Although he knew that those people were not really dead, he still couldn't help but feel sad.

At this moment, a man suddenly ran up to Zhang Ke and said to Zhang Ke: "Captain, it's not good, there are more than ten of them, Lao Ba, who were trapped in the formation and couldn't come out." Zhang Ke was stunned. Then his face couldn't help but change. He knew who Lao Ba was. Lao Ba was a member of their team. He was not weak and he was very familiar with him. He didn't expect that he would be trapped in the formation. This made Zhang But I never expected it.

Zhang Ke immediately connected to Lao Ba's magic circle and shouted to the magic circle: "Lao Ba, hold on, we will rescue you right away." Zhang Ke had already made up his mind, and he must kill Lao Ba and the others. He was rescued, so after saying this, he would form a team and then charge into the formation.

But at this moment, he heard Lao Ba's voice: "Captain, don't come in. The brothers finally fought their way out. If you come in, you will die. Captain, we have to take a step first." Zhang Ke could hear it. , this was Lao Ba’s voice. He didn’t quite understand what Lao Ba meant. At this moment, he heard a rumble coming from the formation. When he heard this sound, Zhang Ke’s expression changed. He couldn't help but change, and he immediately knew what happened. Lao Ba and the others committed suicide.

Zhang Ke's eyes turned red. He was rushing forward, but he was stopped by Gu Yi beside him. Then Gu Yi's voice came: "Captain, don't mess around, go back first. Then the army gathered together, and we were fighting over to avenge Lao Ba and the others. Now that we rush in, we can only die and let more brothers die in vain."

Zhang Ke slowly calmed down after Gu Yi said this. He turned his head to look at Gu Yi, then turned to look at the other people, then he nodded, and then said in a deep voice: " Okay, go back." After saying that, he led the remaining three hundred people and flew in the direction of the army.

But Chu Yun and the others were really stunned at this time, because they had just clearly seen that after Zhang Ke and the others rushed out of the formation, there were still a dozen of Zhang Ke's men who had not rushed out. Just when Zhang Ke and the others stopped at the edge of the formation, preparing to charge towards the formation, Zhang Ke's dozens of men suddenly scattered in all directions, rushed around, and then blew themselves up. .

Such a strong approach made Chu Yun and the others stay there, and at the same time, the blood in Chu Yun and the others' hearts boiled. Chu Yun yelled: "Okay, good job, really good job, that's it." He is a disciple of our Blood Killing Sect, hahaha, it’s so happy, it’s really so happy.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhang Ke and the others had already returned to him. Chu Yun immediately flew over. He glanced at Zhang Ke and the people behind him. Almost everyone was injured, but they still Standing upright, Chu Yun hugged Zhang Ke and the people behind him and saluted. Then he straightened up and said loudly: "Junior brother Zhang, you are all good. You are all good." , you go down and rest, the rest will be left to us, don’t worry, we will never let those brothers’ sacrifices be in vain, absolutely not!”

When Zhang Ke heard what Chu Yun said, he couldn't help but clasped his fist at Chu Yun, and then he said in a deep voice: "Senior Brother Chu, you're welcome. This is what we should do, but if we attack with all our strength later, it must be us, we I must avenge those brothers with my own hands!" When Zhang Ke said this, his eyes flashed coldly, and he was really a little angry this time.

Although it is said that we are only in a real illusion and everything is fake, Zhang Ke has no doubt that if it were on a real battlefield, Lao Ba and the others would definitely do the same thing, because they had long forgotten what they had done during the previous battle. They only remember that this is a battlefield, but they don’t remember what a real illusion this is.

When Chu Yun heard what Zhang Ke said, he glanced at Zhang Ke and the people behind him, and then said: "Okay, go and have a rest. I will definitely call you when we attack." Zhang Ke nodded and said to Chu Yun and the others clasped their fists, then led the remaining people and flew to the side. They did not stop in the sky, but landed directly on a hill next to them, and then began to treat each other's injuries.

And Zhang Ke also noticed that the other captains looked at them with a hint of respect. In the world of cultivation, people worship the strong, and even more so the warriors, but Zhang Ke and their previous performance , can be called strong and warriors, so they have won the respect of those people.

Chu Yun also returned to the team at this time, preparing to discuss how to attack. At this moment, he saw two people flying out of the enemy's formation. These two people did not fly towards Chu Yun and the others. Instead, he flew straight towards Zhang Ke and the others.

When he saw this situation, Chu Yun couldn't help but be startled. Then he seemed to have thought of something. Then he smiled slightly and ignored the two people. Instead, he turned to the other captains and said: "The test just now was very... Success, now we in Guandong have calculated what the enemy's formation is and how many variations there are. Now let me tell you how we should attack..." Although the other captains were not sure about the two enemy formations. The people were curious, but at this time they didn't ask anything, they all listened to Chu Yun's words.

The two people who came out of the enemy camp came to Zhang Ke and the others. Zhang Ke and the others looked at the two people with unkind expressions. They didn't know what the two people were doing here. The two people stopped in front of Zhang Ke and the others. Ten meters in front, one of them raised his fist towards Zhang Ke and said, "Hello, senior brother. This is Yan Cheng. Our captain sent two of us to meet you, senior brother. Our captain is very fond of you, senior brother." My appreciation, senior brother, you can bring a team to this level, which is something our captain can never do. By the way, our captain’s surname is Tan, and his name is Tan Dongming. You also know that this is a real illusion, here training, so everyone is the enemy, but when we go out from here, everyone is our senior brother. Our captain wants to get to know our senior brother. After we go out, we want to communicate more with you, senior brother, so I also asked for his contact information. I don’t know if it’s okay. ?" This man named Yan Cheng spoke very politely, and he looked at Zhang Ke and the others with a trace of respect in his eyes. It could be seen that he really respected Zhang Ke and the others.

When Zhang Ke and the others heard what Yan Cheng said, they were stunned at first. Then they couldn't help but let out a long breath and slowly spit out the anger in their hearts. Then Zhang Ke raised his fist at Yan Cheng and said: "This senior brother is very polite. In the next chapter, this is my contact information. Senior brother is right. In the real illusion, we are enemies, but after we go out, we are brothers. We may fight side by side in the future. There is a chance." Zhang Ke was a little emotional before because of the war and the sacrifice of Lao Ba and the others, but now he has calmed down. He also knows that what the other party said is right, they are still brothers, this is just Even during training, Lao Ba and the others were not really dead, so they had no hatred at all, so Zhang Ke also told the other party his contact information.

After receiving Zhang Ke's contact information, the other party immediately told Zhang Ke Tan Dongming's contact information. Then he saluted Zhang Ke and then turned around and left. From the beginning to the end, they did not go to Chu Ke. This is not because they look down on Chu Yun and the others, but because they are still training and are still on hostile terms. It is very inappropriate to contact Chu Yun now. In fact, even if they are now in contact with Zhang Ke There was something wrong with their contact, but they really admired Zhang Ke, so they contacted Zhang Ke.

Chu Yun and the others also knew what the other party meant, so they were not angry. Chu Yun arranged the task, and then said: "Everyone, the task has been told to you. Success or failure depends on this. What Junior Brother Zhang and the others did just now, You have all seen it. I hope you will not let down Junior Brother Zhang and the others for their sacrifice. If anyone fails to contribute in this attack, then he is not worthy of becoming a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Wu Ling, Go call Junior Brother Zhang and the others, we are about to attack, and if we don’t call him when we attack, he will not forgive us.”

Wu Ling responded, and then he moved and landed directly next to Zhang Ke. He cupped his fists at Zhang Ke and said, "Junior brother Zhang, do you still have the strength to fight now? We will launch an all-out attack on them soon." attack, if you can still fight, just follow us."

Zhang Ke was stunned for a moment, but then he felt happy, and then laughed loudly and said: "Of course I'm joining the war, brothers, the time for revenge has come, let's go." After saying that, he took it and flew up, and the others also responded with a roar, Then they all followed Zhang Ke and flew straight towards Chu Yun and his army. Although everyone was injured, they were so powerful that Wu Ling who was following them was unconsciously affected. .