c7748 mentality

Zhao Hai left the time acceleration area, but Di Shitian and the others were still in the time acceleration area. Di Shitian turned his head and glanced at the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. Those elders came in with them this time. The trainees, Di Shitian looked at them and said in a deep voice: "Has the sect master told you this before? If you want to create an inner space by yourself, the sect master will fully support you, even if you want to leave. The sect master also fully supports the bloody killing sect?"

Emperor Shitian really didn't understand why Zhao Hai did this. If he were Zhao Hai, he would never say such a thing. If he really created an inner space, and then left the Blood Killing Sect , if he sets up his own business, the consequences will be very serious. The power of the Blood Killing Sect will be greatly weakened. This is something he absolutely does not want to see, so he will never say those words like Zhao Hai did. Come.

The core elder of the Blood Killing Sect who was asked by Emperor Shitian smiled slightly and said: "Yes, the sect master said this. In fact, when the sect master said this, he said this in front of all the core elders. But no one agrees, and no one would want to enter the inner space and then leave the blood to kill. In our opinion, that approach is definitely the stupidest approach."

Emperor Shitian looked at the core elder named Shang Yunzhi and said with some confusion: "Old Shang, why do you say that? Wouldn't it be better to go out and set up your own business? Why do you think this would be the stupidest thing to do? ?" Di Shitian and Jiuling Lao really didn't quite understand what Shang Yunzhi and the others were thinking.

Shang Yunzhi shook his head, and then said: "Because one of us has left the sect, it will be very difficult for us to live forever. We are stronger and can create our own inner space, but Making the inner space also requires a lot of materials. The sect master can provide us with those materials, but then what? Let’s set up our own business. This seems to be good, and everything is decided by ourselves, but do you have it? After thinking about it, if we set up our own sect, can we guarantee that we will get immortality? Will our talents be better than those of the sect master? After we leave, the sect master is still the sect master, and the sect is still a sect, but what about us? What are we? None of them. What will we become in the end? A lonely wild ghost. If we really encounter an extremely powerful enemy that we have no way to deal with, should we ask for help from the sect? If we ask for help, then we are still Should we set up our own company? If we ask for help from the sect but don't listen to the sect's orders, once or twice is okay. The sect will see that it's out of love and let us do some, but what if it happens too many times? Even if it's If the sect master agrees, will the disciples in the sect agree? Without the support of the sect, do you really think that we, the people, can really deal with the people in Wanshan Realm? Can we deal with the people of the Shadow Clan? With If Ji fights on his own, why don't we follow the sect master and gather the strength of our entire Blood Killing Sect to help the sect master achieve immortality? If the sect master becomes immortal, we will naturally become immortal as well. Isn't this better?"

Di Shitian and the others listened to Shang Yunzhi's words in a daze. After Shang Yunzhi finished speaking, Di Shitian and the others came back to their senses, but they were still deep in thought, thinking about Shang Yunzhi's words. , they found that what Shang Yunzhi said seemed to make sense. If they really did that, then they would really be separated from the Blood Killing Sect. Then it was really hard to say where they would reach in the end. But one thing is certain, they will never go further than the Blood Killing Sect.

Although these people have only joined the Blood Killing Sect for a short time, they are familiar with the background of the Blood Killing Sect. Let’s not talk about anything else. It is just a Shen Ji Tang, which other forces do not have. Compared with methods, there are new things appearing almost every moment in Shenji Hall. How can other sects compare with this? And if they leave the Blood Killing Sect and want to build a Shenji Hall on their own, it will be almost impossible. Shenji Hall is not that easy to establish. The Blood Killing Sect has also developed after so many years. With the current scale, it is really difficult to build a Shenji Hall like it is now.

Shang Yunzhi glanced at Di Shitian and the others, then smiled slightly and said: "Don't you find it very incredible? If in other sects, the sect leader said that you can establish a sect by yourself and be the master of it, Countless people will definitely leave the sect master, but here in the Blood Killing Sect, the situation is exactly the opposite, no one will do this."

Di Shitian and the others all nodded. They found that this was really the case, which made them all a little confused about what to say. Shang Yunzhi looked at them, smiled slightly and said: "It's okay, don't Thinking like this, we used to have similar thoughts to you, but after thinking about it carefully, it is not the case at all. Those of us have been following the sect leader for our whole life. Of course, if you want to leave the sect, go on your own. If you set up your own company, we will not object. It is your own choice, and I believe that the sect master will really refine the inner space for you, but you must also think carefully about whether you are serious. You can live better than now. Now you don't care about anything every day. You are also the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect. There are very few people who can take care of you. Once you leave the Blood Killing Sect, no one can take care of you. I love you, but you are also giving up everything here in the Blood Killing Sect, so the choice depends on you, think about it yourself." After saying this, he and several other core elders all stood. He got up, turned around and left.

Watching them leave, Di Shitian and the others did not call them to stop them. They all sat there blankly, thinking about Shang Yunzhi's words. After a while, Di Shitian turned to look at Jiuling Lao and the others. He glanced at it and then said in a deep voice: "I actually have never thought about leaving the Blood Killing Sect. As long as the sect master helps me avenge the destruction of the Jade Buddha Temple, then I will follow the sect master forever. If the sect master doesn't help me avenge, Then I will take revenge myself. Even if I die in battle, it will not matter. After all, what I care about is the inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple. The inheritance of the Jade Buddha Temple has now been passed down in the Blood Killing Sect, so I will not There is nothing to worry about, so I will not leave the sect. At most, when the sect does not help me take revenge, I will do it myself. Although the final result may not be too good, I admit it, what about you?"

Old Jiuling smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "When the sect leader said he could help us build an inner space, I was really tempted, but now I understand, just like what Lao Shang said, if we leave If we leave the sect, we are giving up everything in the sect. Almost everything we have now is given to us by the sect master. If we really give up these things, what else will we have? Even if the sect asks us to give up our Now that everything we have is taken away, we won’t have a good life when we go outside, so I won’t leave.”

Emperor Shitian smiled bitterly and said: "Why do I feel that the sect master seems to prefer us to leave the Blood Killing Sect? After we left the Blood Killing Sect, the sect only gave us some materials for making inner space once and helped us make it. The inner space is made, but it can get rid of us forever. If we don’t leave, the sect will have to support us all the time. I’m afraid we have become a burden to the sect now, right?”

When Old Jiuling and the others heard what Emperor Shitian said, they couldn't help laughing. The trace of depression in their hearts disappeared with laughter. Just like what they said, if they If they leave, the sect will only give them some things to refine the inner space, but it is equivalent to getting rid of them forever. If they don't leave, the sect will have to keep supporting them. It seems that in the end, it will be It is not certain who takes advantage and who suffers.

After Di Shitian and the others had practiced for a while, when they got together, Di Shitian said to Shang Yunzhi: "Old Shang, you are a bad guy. You actually want to encourage us to leave, right? Do you think you can get more benefits if we leave? I tell you, it's useless, we won't leave, your plan has been seen through by us."

When Shang Yunzhi heard what Emperor Shitian said, he was stunned at first, then smiled bitterly and said: "Okay, you have seen through this, aren't you guys stupid? We saw before that you were stupid after joining the sect. You look stupid, I thought you were easy to deceive. Doesn’t it seem like you guys are also very smart?" After saying that, he and Di Shitian and the others laughed together. Di Shitian and the others told Shang Yun in this way. Zhi and the others will not leave the sect, and Shang Yunzhi is also saying that we have accepted you, and you will be members of the Blood Killing Sect from now on, and our relationship will become closer.

After a while, Shang Yunzhi said to Di Shitian: "That's right, Di Shitian, you used to look like a monk, but now you don't look like a monk anymore. Instead, you look like an ordinary monk. This is What's going on? Have you made a breakthrough?" Shang Yunzhi really noticed the changes in Emperor Shitian, so he asked this question.

When Emperor Shitian heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Hahaha, yes, I have broken through. As I told the sect master before, I have broken through the second level of the Venerable Emperor Shitian, so Now I can be said to be a monk or not, and I don’t even have to abide by the Buddhist precepts, so I don’t have to worry about anything.”

Shang Yunzhi looked at Emperor Shitian and said: "Okay, congratulations. It seems that you have really gained a lot from this retreat. It seems that the sect's Buddhism will rely on you to carry forward the future. The importance of Buddhism to the sect You also know that it will be up to you in the future." What Shang Yunzhi said is true. Buddhism is very important to the Blood Killing Sect, and Emperor Shitian has made great progress in Buddhism. This is definitely a good thing for the sect, so after he leaves here, he may really take charge of the Buddhist sect of the Blood Killing Sect.

Emperor Shitian shook his head and said: "It's really hard to say. With my current mentality, it's really not easy for me to take charge of the sect's Buddhism. When will I reach the third level of Emperor Shitian's position?" Only when you reach this realm can you be able to take charge of Buddhism.”