c7745 notify

Di Shitian looked at the notice in front of him with a somewhat forlorn expression. This notice told him that he was selected and could go to the Blood Killing Sect's time acceleration area to practice for one year. There were also others who were going with him. Old Jiuling and the others, of course, and some elders from the Blood Killing Sect, and some elders with very high status. From your point of view, this is the preferential treatment given to them by the Blood Killing Sect, and no one will find anything wrong with them. .

But Emperor Shitian knew very well that at this time, the Blood Killing Sect transferred them away, which was not necessarily a good thing for them. Now the Blood Killing Sect is training disciples, and the Blood Killing Sect's training He already knows the method. He is very sure that if the Blood Killing Sect trains its disciples in this way, sooner or later those disciples will become members of the Blood Killing Sect. If they are transferred, those who follow them will become leaderless and become It is definitely not a good thing for them to become a piece of loose sand. I am afraid that when they come out of the time acceleration zone in a year, the disciples outside will have all become members of the Blood Killing Sect. They are thinking It's probably impossible to order those disciples.

But he had to go, and he couldn't object. If he didn't go, the people of the Blood Killing Sect would think that they had evil intentions, and they might have to deal with them. When he thought of this, Emperor Shitian wouldn't Knowing what to say, he could only sigh impatiently in the end. He knew very well that if he really regarded himself as a member of the Blood Killing Sect, then what happened this time would not only be a big deal to him. It's not a bad thing, it's even a good thing. In the Blood Killing Sect, there are countless disciples who are stretching their necks waiting to enter the time acceleration zone to practice.

Looking at the notice again, Di Shitian finally let out a sigh, and then he directly asked Hu An and the others to come over. After Hu An and the others arrived in Di Shitian's room, Di Shitian looked at Hu An and others. An and the others said: "Hu An, I received a notice from the sect to go to the time acceleration area to practice for a year, so you don't have to come to me in the future."

It was also the first time for Hu An and the others to hear the news. When he heard what Emperor Shitian said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then Hu An's face changed. He looked at Emperor Shitian and said: "Holy Lord, what is this sect?" What do you mean? By transferring you at this time, doesn’t this show that he doesn’t trust you? What exactly does he want to do? "

Emperor Shitian glanced at Hu An and the others, and then said: "Okay, how can you say that? The sect asked me to practice, it is for my own good, how can you say that? That's all, from now on you guys Just do your own thing well, and don’t forget that you are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect now, and you must think about the Blood Killing Sect in everything you do.”

When Hu An and the others heard what Emperor Shitian said, they were all stunned, and then they all looked at each other. They really didn't know what to say. They knew what kind of attitude Emperor Shitian had before. At that time, they were the ones who persuaded Emperor Shitian not to try to oust Zhao Hai, but to join the Blood Killing Sect with all his strength. Unexpectedly, now Emperor Shitian has taught them a lesson in turn, which makes They really didn't know what to say for a moment.

Emperor Shitian sighed, and then said in a deep voice: "It can be seen from the current methods of the Blood Killing Sect. The people of the Blood Killing Sect are not only very domineering, but they are also very capable. They may be They found out that we have a problem, so they did this, and they dared to do this without fear of what could happen to us. To be honest, I am more and more impressed by the Blood Killing Sect now. If our Jade Buddha Temple has such a I am afraid that the method will not reach this point. In fact, it makes sense for the sect to do this. By doing this, they can ensure the maximum unity of the sect and there will be no other voices within the sect. This is important to the sect. There are many benefits to being a sect. Well, I won’t talk about this anymore. From now on, we will be members of the Blood Killing Sect. There is nothing wrong with the sect’s arrangement. It even has many benefits for me. Then we Why don’t you listen?”

Hu An and the others couldn't help but be startled when they heard what Di Shitian said. Then Hu An glanced at Di Shitian, and then said to Di Shitian: "Yes, Holy Lord, we understand, in the future we will definitely treat ourselves as blood." Those who are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, please rest assured, Holy Lord." Hu An and the others really think so, they should really regard themselves as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and stop having other inappropriate thoughts.

Emperor Shitian looked at them and sighed lightly, then waved his hands and said: "Okay, then you can go back, I want to rest, and I will enter the time acceleration zone to retreat in a few days, go ahead ." Hu An and the others responded, then stood up, saluted to Emperor Shitian, then turned and left. When they walked out of Emperor Shitian's room, they almost turned their heads and glanced at each other in unison. The door of Emperor Shakti's room had been closed, and the expression on his face was uncertain. They had a feeling that Emperor Shaktian had indeed completely let go of his identity in the Jade Buddha Temple at that moment. As a member of the Blood Killing Sect, this may be a very difficult choice for Emperor Shitian, but he still made the choice after all, which may be more beneficial to him.

But Di Shitian and the others didn't know that their performance had all fallen into Zhu Yong's eyes. Zhu Yong was very satisfied with Di Shitian's current reaction, if Di Shitian had always reacted like this. , that would be a good thing for both Emperor Shitian himself and the people of the Blood Killing Sect.

At this time, Old Jiuling and the others were also discussing the notice. He had also received the notice. There were also many senior officials of the Sea Tribe who received the notice with him, so when they saw the notice, they They all gathered at Mr. Jiuling. When Mr. Jiuling saw them all coming, he smiled bitterly, and then said to everyone: "Have you all seen the notice?"

Bafang and the others all nodded, and Bafang said in a deep voice: "What do you mean, sect leader? Are you still worried about us? At this time, if we are allowed to enter the time acceleration zone, it is obvious that we will be sent away. , are they going too far?" Several other people also nodded.

Jiuling Lao glanced at a few people and said in a deep voice: "Okay, what are you talking about? The sect allows us to enter the time repayment area to practice. That is a benefit for us. You don't know that in the sect now? How many people want to go to the time acceleration area to practice, but don't have the qualifications? Now that you have the qualifications, you are still here making irresponsible remarks."

Bafang looked at Old Jiuling and said in a deep voice: "But sir, what is the situation here in the sect now? I think everyone knows that the training the sect is conducting now is to integrate the disciples. At this time, the sect is They have transferred us, and there are also Di Shitian and the others on the list. It seems that the sect has transferred all two of our groups this time, so that it will be more convenient for the sect to transfer all the disciples. Integrated, but our situation seems to be different from that of Emperor Shitian. Emperor Shitian and others did not seem to want to join the sect at first, but we did not. We asked to join the sect ourselves, and they did so. , isn’t it a bit too much?”

The other people all nodded, but Tu Ying was the only one sitting there, thoughtfully. Seeing Tu Ying's appearance, Jiuling Lao couldn't help but said in a deep voice: "Tu Ying, do you have any different ideas? ? If there is, just say it directly." Elder Jiuling knew that among them in Bafang, Tu Ying actually had the highest political consciousness, so he asked Tu Ying.

When Jiuling Lao asked this question, everyone's attention was drawn to Tu Ying. Tu Ying glanced at everyone, and then said: "I think the sect did this as a test for us, and at the same time it was not allowed. If we don't do this, it would be a test for us, rather than a test for Emperor Shitian and the others. The sect should be very relieved of us. After all, our Hai Clan has been working hard to integrate into the sect. , so the sect should have nothing to worry about us, but the situation of Emperor Shitian and the others is different. Although they also took the initiative to join the sect, don't forget that Emperor Shitian was the Jade Buddha Temple in the past. disciples of the Jade Buddha Temple, and this space was created by the power of the Jade Buddha Temple, and they have always regarded themselves as people from the Jade Buddha Temple. Even many disciples in the Heavenly and Human Realm think so. This is very important to the sect. For the sect, this is not a good thing. If a group of people have been living in the Blood Killing Sect, but they never regard themselves as members of the Blood Killing Sect, then it will be a huge hidden danger for the sect."

Having said this, Tu Ying paused for a moment, and then said: "So this time the sect master is actually targeting Emperor Shitian and the others, and we are just incidentally. As for the sect I said, there is a reason why the sect has to do this. Yes, whether it is Emperor Shitian or Master Jiuling, you all have a very high status among your respective clansmen. As long as you are here, plus the following people like us, even the sect It is probably not an easy task to completely integrate all the people from the Sea Clan and Heavenly Realm into the Blood Killing Sect, so the sect will transfer us for a period of time, and then the remaining The disciples below are leaderless, and the sect is pushing from behind. They will naturally join the sect and recognize their identity. By the time we come out of the time acceleration zone, those disciples have recognized their identity, and then the sect will If we are given a casual position and are not allowed to take care of those disciples, then gradually those disciples will be able to integrate into the sect. I really think that the sect's approach is actually very good. Because in this way, neither we nor Emperor Shitian and the others have lost the ability to control those disciples. Even if we really have any bad intentions, it will be of no use. If we really dare to mess around, the sect will We can be dealt with in the shortest time without causing too much turmoil in the sect. Therefore, I think the sect’s approach is actually very good. This is what a large sect that wants long-term development should do. At the same time, it can even be said to be a kind of protection for us. After this incident, as long as we truly regard ourselves as members of the sect, the sect will definitely treat us as its own in the future."