c7744 Method

Wen Wenhai looked at a report in front of him. This report was the one sent by Tan Dongming and others. The content of the report was actually very simple. It suggested that the sect should immediately issue an order so that everyone in the sect must It is necessary to study the history of the sect and unify the thoughts of all the disciples of the sect, such a report.

Wen Wenhai put down the report, and then he looked up at the two people sitting in front of him. One was Chang Jun, and the other was Zhu Yong. Wen Wenhai looked at the two people and couldn't help but smile slightly: "This report Have you both read it? We have received several reports like yours in the past two days, but this one was the first to be sent over. The reports sent in by others are also similar to this report. The contents are almost the same. Although there are only a few reports, there are a lot of captain-level disciples named on the reports. It can be seen that many people have already understood the problem."

Chang Jun also said with a smile on his face: "Yes, this is a good thing. We planned this from the beginning. Now our plan is successful. As long as there are more reports like this, we will It’s time to give an order to let everyone in the sect learn the history of the sect and unify everyone’s thoughts, so that our integration plan will be considered a success.”

Wen Wenhai nodded, then turned to Zhu Yong and said: "Old Zhu, what happened this time is really thanks to you. If you hadn't secretly sent someone to remind those guys, our plan would not have gone so smoothly. , you have made a great contribution this time. If we keep this pace, we will be able to complete this fusion training in less than a year. By then, the fist of our Blood Killing Sect will be It’s time to really make money, and then we can enter the main interface of the Tianlong Babu Realm.”

Zhu Yong smiled and said: "It's nothing. This is what we should do. In fact, it is those disciples who have this hope. Otherwise, it would not have such good results. Forget it, let's not talk about this. Let’s talk about what we should do next. What do you think we should do next?”

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "Now is not the time to take action with all our strength. We have to wait until more people send such reports. At that time, I am afraid that such thoughts will spread among the lower-level disciples. In the meantime, word has spread, and when we let them learn the history of the sect, it will be a matter of course, but it is still a little early."

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "Yes, it is still a little early, but the success of our plan this time is inseparable from the cooperation of Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao. They did not stop the following. Disciples spread this kind of news, so we can be so successful."

Wen Wenhai said solemnly: "Yes, they didn't stop it, so it went so smoothly. If they really dare to stop it, I won't be polite. I will definitely report this matter to the sect leader when I get there. I want to see what they have to say then." There was a hint of chill in Wen Wenhai's voice. If Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao really dared to mess around, he would definitely deal with them.

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "That's all. Although Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao have not fully understood our thoughts, they do sincerely want to join our Blood Killing Sect. This is already good, and we also There is no need to ask too much, we can let them slowly understand us in the future. I believe that sooner or later, they will understand us."

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "Yes, you can't rush this matter. Masters like Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao have their own persistence in their hearts. Without such persistence, they would not be where they are today." Achievement, so we really can’t rush this matter. The current situation is very good. Our move can be said to be a drain on the bottom of the cauldron. It directly cuts off their roots. It is the disciples below who are willing to join us in the bloody killing. If they are willing to be proud of being disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then they will be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect in the future and will no longer think that they are from the Sea Clan or from the Heavenly and Human Realm. And those disciples, It is also the root of Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao. Without the support of those disciples, they really cannot make any troubles. And the changes of those disciples are likely to be to some extent, Changing their minds is exactly what we need. The thoughts of our Blood Killing Sect must be unified. In the entire Blood Killing Sect, there can only be one voice, and that is the voice of the sect leader. In the Blood Killing Sect, There can only be one thought, and that is the thought of the sect master. Only in this way can we, the Blood Killing Sect, defeat enemies one after another, step on all this endless interface under our feet, and let the people in those interfaces all become us A disciple of the Blood Killing Sect.”

Wen Wenhai and Chang Jun also nodded, their eyes shining. They were Zhao Hai's most enthusiastic supporters, so naturally they would not object to Zhu Yong's words. Wen Wenhai even said in a deep voice: "The last main interface I don’t know what is there, there may be enemies there, maybe there is nothing. If there is nothing, then we can merge directly and then enter the Wanshan Realm. If there are enemies there, we will have to fight for a while. field, and then merge the world, but anyway, including our training time, we only have about two years before we can enter the Wanshan world. I really want to see it Look, what are there in Wanshan Realm? Let’s see if the people in Wanshan Realm can stop us.”

"Hmph!" Chang Jun snorted coldly: "No one can stop us. Our Blood Killing Sect is going to conquer this endless interface. We also need to find out the people behind the Shadow Clan. In Until then, no one can stop our steps, not even the people behind the Shadow Clan, we are destined to follow the sect master for eternity."

Wen Wenhai and Zhu Yong both nodded, and then Wen Wenhai turned to Zhu Yong and said: "Lao Zhu, how are Emperor Shitian and the others doing now? Actually, I'm not too worried about Jiuling Lao, but I'm still a little worried about Emperor Shitian. Don’t worry. After all, Jiuling Lao is a pure creature born here in the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon. The strongest person they used to be was the Dragon King. So after we conquer them, although they may have some little thoughts of their own, they However, they still recognize their identity as the Blood Killing Sect. Their little thought is nothing more than to gain more benefits for their Hai Clan people. This is nothing, but Emperor Shitian is different. He was originally from the Jade Buddha Temple. Man, compared to his identity as a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, he identifies more with his identity as a disciple of the Jade Buddha Temple, so he will have more thoughts on his mind, so we must pay special attention to them."

Zhu Yong nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The Buddhism at the Jade Buddha Temple and the Buddhism learned by our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are actually of the same origin. We can take advantage of this. I think it is better to do this. If there is a chance, let Emperor Shitian and others went to the Time Acceleration Zone to retreat for a period of time, and while they were in retreat for a period of time, we brought all the people from the Heaven and Human Realm into our Blood Killing Sect, so that they would be more recognized. At the same time, we must also let them recognize our identity. The sect master is the real orthodoxy. When Emperor Shitian and the others come out of seclusion, we will have nothing to worry about."

Wen Wenhai couldn't help but his eyes lit up, and he said in a deep voice: "Okay, this is a good way. Let them enter the time acceleration zone to practice for a year. Their strength will increase, but not too much. , but we can take advantage of this opportunity to capture all the hearts of those disciples. After they come out, it will be too late. Then we will give them some idle jobs so that they have no chance to interact with those disciples. Contact, and gradually those disciples will forget them, and will truly regard themselves as disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. In the end, even if they want to stir up some trouble, it will be impossible. This method is good, great .”

Zhu Yong nodded, and then said: "But I think this matter must be reported to the young master and let the young master make a decision. After all, it is impossible to enter the Jinjian acceleration area without the young master's consent." Zhu Yong was very It is clear that this matter must be approved by Zhao Hai, otherwise, all their ideas will be in vain.

Wen Wenhai said in a deep voice: "I will go and report to the sect leader." As soon as he finished speaking, he heard a voice saying: "There is no need to report, I agree." The three of them turned around and saw that Zhao Hai was standing in front of Wen Wenhai's room looking at the three of them. They had no idea when Zhao Hai came.

The three people immediately stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at the three people and smiled slightly: "Well, don't be so nervous. You did a good job. I also understand what you mean. Do you want to Take this matter completely on yourself, otherwise Emperor Shitian and others will put their resentment on me. But you underestimate me too much. Who am I, Zhao Hai? I have ever cared about them. Do they have other thoughts? If they join the Blood Killing Sect, they must recognize their identity. If they dare to have other thoughts, I don’t care about killing people. I love talents, but I will never allow anyone to dare to kill anyone in the Blood Sect. I will never allow those who are messing around in the Blood Killing Sect to have any thoughts that they shouldn’t have in the Blood Killing Sect.”

All three people responded. Zhao Hai looked at the three of them and then said with a smile: "You people, you have raised me too high. I, Zhao Hai, can bring the Blood Killing Sect step by step to where it is today. Do you think I would care about such a little criticism? Hahahaha, join my Blood Killing Sect and become a disciple of my Blood Killing Sect. Those who recognize me and are willing to follow me are my brothers. I will take you with me. , I will give you all the benefits. If you think that joining the Blood Killing Sect is helpless and do not recognize your identity, I don’t care about killing people. Kill everyone who opposes us, and then all the remaining people will naturally be We are our own people, so you don’t have to think too much. People who approve of me will not care about what I have done. They will just follow us. If they don’t approve of me, no matter what we do, they will not approve. Me, so feel free to do it boldly!”

All three of them responded, looking extremely excited.