c7743 consult

Gu Yi shook his head and said: "I don't know, captain. There are too many disciples in the sect. Some disciples may have never met each other in their lives, let alone know them. Old disciples like us actually know people." There aren’t many, I’ve never seen the two people you mentioned, or even heard of them.”

Zhang Ke was a little disappointed, but he didn't say anything. He knew what Gu Yi said was right. The Blood Killing Sect had tens of billions of disciples before. How could it be possible for so many disciples to know each other? It is absolutely impossible, so what Gu Yi said is very reasonable.

At this moment, he saw several people walking in from outside the door. Zhang Ke turned around and saw that the people who came in were Chu Yun and Wu Ling. The captains who had been with Chu Yun before, this time They all followed. Although Zhang Ke was stunned for a moment, he immediately went up to him, saluted Chu Yun and said: "Zhang Ke has met several senior brothers. It is really a great joy for Zhang Ke to have these senior brothers come here." Come on out, some senior brothers please come in quickly."

Chu Yun said with a smile: "Junior Brother Zhang, you are so polite. We have also taken the liberty to come here to disturb you. I am really a little embarrassed. Please forgive me, Junior Brother." Chu Yun said very politely, and several others followed Chu Yun. They all returned gifts to Zhang Ke, all very polite, with smiles on their faces, showing a sense of intimacy.

Zhang Ke said with a smile: "Senior brothers, what are you talking about? You are guests that I can't even invite. Please invite some senior brothers to sit in the younger brother's room for a while. By the way, Senior Brother Chu, I don't know if you know him." Tan Dongming, Senior Brother Tan? After the two of us talked before, Senior Brother Tan also called me and said that he wanted to visit me, and I'm afraid he will be here soon."

Chu Yun was stunned for a moment, then smiled and said: "Old Tan, of course I know him. That guy is very obsessed with the magic circle, but his level is not very good. He has never been able to enter the Shenji Hall. This time we Is he my enemy? I should have arrived a long time ago, that guy likes to play with magic circles, and he doesn't play well with them."

"Okay, you are so good, Chu. You actually said bad things about me behind my back? I haven't seen you for such a long time, and you really haven't made any progress at all." A gentle voice came from behind Chu Yun, Chu Yun and Zhang But they all followed the sound and found a group of people coming over. The leader was a man with a frail appearance and a very gentle temperament. He led seven or eight people over here.

When Chu Yun saw that person, he burst into laughter and said, "Hahaha, Old Tan, I really didn't expect that the two of us would become opponents this time, and you would actually be defeated by me, haha Haha, it's so happy." Although he said this, Chu Yun still walked quickly to Tan Dongming's front body and hugged Tan Dongming vigorously.

Tan Dongming also hugged Chu Yun vigorously, and both of them patted each other on the back very hard, and the sound was very loud, as if they had a grudge against each other, but they soon let go of each other, They looked at each other and laughed again. Tan Dongming even laughed and said: "You can still beat me? If there is no team like Junior Brother Zhang, how can you defeat me? Don't dream."

At this time, Wu Ling and the others also clasped their fists and saluted to the people around Tan Dongming. It could be seen that they had known each other before, and their relationship was very good. If the relationship hadn't reached a certain level, they would have definitely It won't be like this anymore. It's only good friends who joke with each other like this.

When Chu Yun heard what Tan Dongming said, he didn't care at all. Instead, he said triumphantly: "So what? Anyway, I won you, hahahaha. Just for this matter, I You will be proud of yourself for several years." He laughed loudly as he said this, looking extremely proud of himself.

Tan Dongming didn't care at all, but turned to Zhang Ke and said with a fist in his arms: "Junior brother Zhang, I'm taking the liberty to come to visit, so don't be surprised if you invite me." Although Tan Dongming likes to joke with Chu Yun, this place belongs to Zhang Ke Territory, if you don’t talk to the owner Zhang Ke for too long, it will really be unreasonable.

Zhang Ke hurriedly returned the salute and said: "Brother, you are very polite. Senior brothers, please come inside. We will chat inside." After saying this, he made a gesture of invitation on one side of his body, and everyone returned the salute to him, and then exchanged words with each other. He humbly walked into the courtyard, and finally entered Zhang Ke's room directly.

After arriving and sitting down in Zhang Ke's room, a puppet servant immediately brought tea. Zhang Ke smiled at everyone and said, "Senior brothers, I am very happy to come. It just so happens that today everyone in our team wants to We’re going to have a party, and we’ve already bought all the food and drinks, so how about inviting all the senior brothers and juniors to have a nice gathering and have a drink?”

Upon hearing what Zhang Ke said, everyone smiled and nodded. Tan Dongming smiled and said: "That's really a coincidence. We are really disturbing this time. In fact, the main reason for visiting our junior brother this time is I just want to come to see you, junior brother. To be honest, during this training, I was deeply impressed by the combat effectiveness of your team, junior brother. Your combat effectiveness may not be the strongest in the sect, but their This kind of will really surprises me. It is really rare, rare, and rare to have a team with your fighting will in the sect."

Chu Yun also nodded and said: "Yes, Junior Brother Zhang, this time we come here because we actually want to ask you, Junior Brother, how do these people under you train? I just saw it. , there are not many old brothers in the sect, many of them are from the Sea Clan and the Heavenly Realm. How did you train them to be like this in such a short period of time? Can you tell me, brother? ?”

When Zhang Ke heard what they said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he glanced at Chu Yun and the others with some confusion, and found that Chu Yun and the others were all looking at him, as if they really wanted to ask them for advice. Zhang Ke couldn't help but feel even more puzzled. He looked at Chu Yun and the others and said, "We are training normally. If there is any difference, it is that we are all learning the history of the sect and the history of the sect leader. "

At this point, Zhang Ke's tone couldn't help but change, and immediately turned into a tone of great admiration: "We really didn't expect that the sect would go through so much suffering, let alone that the sect leader would be so great. In such a great sect, under the leadership of such a great figure like the sect master, if we can’t make ourselves stronger, then we really can’t become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.”

When Chu Yun and the others heard Zhang Ke's words, they were all stunned. Then they looked at each other. Then Tan Dongming couldn't help but patted his forehead, and then said with a bitter smile: "It's a mistake. It's really a mistake. We have been doing it these days. They are all worried about how to train those disciples, but they have never thought about it. Isn’t this how we trained them before? Let those people learn the history of the sect, learn the history of the sect master, let them know how great the sect is, and let them know how great the sect is. They know how great the sect leader is, and they will naturally understand what kind of sect our Blood Killing Sect is, and what the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect should be like. As long as they know this, they will slowly become the sect. If they are true disciples of the sect, then their combat effectiveness will naturally increase. It's ridiculous that we were still worried about how to train them before. In fact, as long as the most fundamental problem is solved, training and so on are actually very simple. "

Chu Yun and the others also nodded. What Tan Dongming said was not wrong at all. These new people who joined the Blood Killing Sect are actually very good in strength. As long as they know that they are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, , what should the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect be like, let them be proud of being the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then they will naturally understand what they should do, as long as they understand what they should do, then they will He will become a qualified disciple of the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhang Ke looked at Tan Dongming and the others and said in a deep voice: "We are the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect should never retreat. Even if we die in battle, we will not take a step back or attack any enemy." District server, this is the spirit of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, the spirit of our Blood Killing Sect, and the pride of our Blood Killing Sect." At this point, Zhang Ke's face showed a trace of fanaticism, and his voice slowly His head grew higher, and he said loudly: "How lucky we are to be able to join the Blood Killing Sect, to become the subordinates of the sect master, and to pursue the road to immortality together with the sect master. What else do we have to be dissatisfied about, for the sake of the sect and for the sake of the sect? Sect Master, in order to live forever and for the pride of the Blood Killing Sect, we must make ourselves stronger, we must make this endless interface surrender under the Sect Master’s feet, and make the Sect Master the King of Kings, the God above gods!”

Chu Yun and Tan Dongming's eyes also lit up, and the blood in their bodies boiled. When it comes to admiring Zhao Hai, they are even more fanatical than Zhang Ke, so now they hear that Zhang Ke is so Said, they all became excited, and Chu Yun even said loudly: "Okay, that's good, we just want to follow the footsteps of the sect master to conquer the endless interfaces, and we just want to make those interfaces surrender at the feet of the sect master. , let the sect master become the king of kings and the god of gods!"

Everyone else also responded with a roar, and Tan Dongming said in a deep voice: "We should write a report on this matter now and report it directly to the sect. The elders of the sect will immediately give the order to let All disciples of the sect must learn the history of the sect and the history of the sect leader, so that everyone in the sect can have the same thoughts, and make them feel proud to be disciples of the Blood Killing Sect!"

When Chu Yun heard what he said, his eyes couldn't help but light up, and then he immediately said in a deep voice: "Okay, great, that's it. This matter really must be reported, we will write it right away." Chu Yun Obviously he is also impatient and will do it when he says it. Tan Dongming just mentioned it here and he is going to do it right away.

At this time, I heard a knock on the door, and then I heard Gu Yi's voice: "Captain, brothers, the food and wine have been served, how about inviting everyone to come out and have a drink together? "Gu Yi's voice was not very loud, but everyone in the room heard it, and they also calmed down slightly.