c7747 confess

Zhao Hai paused for a moment, glanced at everyone, then he sighed softly, and then said in a deep voice: "The reason why our Blood Killing Sect can reach today is not only that we are constantly developing, but also that we are constantly growing. , and how did we grow up? It’s because we inherited a lot of things, and then slowly developed and expanded from these things. Development is like a plant growing out of the soil, and the things we have learned before, It’s the soil that turned into nutrients, allowing us to grow better, and finally we have the Blood Killing Sect today.”

"The Blood Killing Sect will continue until the day when all of us can achieve immortality, but before that, we must defeat all the enemies that stand in front of us, and the biggest enemy standing in front of us now is , not other monks, but the power of the Shadow Clan's laws."

"I have told you before that the power of the Shadow Clan's law is a completely different form of energy use from our cultivation world. It can be said to be incompatible with our energy use form. If I have to say the biggest difference is In other words, it can only be said that one is alive and the other is dead, and what is alive is the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. Although he often only brings death to people, what is dead is precisely the power of the laws of our cultivation world."

"The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan is very different from the energy of the world of cultivation. I have told people in the sect before, but you may not have heard of Emperor Shitian and Jiuling. I am here Let me tell you again, if we use a magic circle as an analogy, then the energy of our cultivation world is a magic circle that is running. Everything is running normally, but it is just a magic circle that is running. No one is controlling it. He can only To operate and change according to their own way, there are no more and more flexible changes, but the power of the Shadow Clan's laws is different. They are just a magic circle manipulated by others. His magic The formation has countless changes, and because there are people controlling it, their changes are more flexible, so I say that the power of laws in our cultivation world is dead, while the power of laws in the Shadow Clan is alive."

"I had a guess before. I don't know if it is correct. I think the world of cultivation is like our Xuanwu space. It is actually an inner space of great power. However, something happened to this great power or it died. , and this inner space is still functioning normally because it has its own independent power of laws. And those of us are just living in this huge inner space, and the power of laws of the Shadow Clan , but it is the power of the law of another great power. Maybe he killed the great power with the space in the world of cultivation, maybe not. In short, he found the dead power with the space in the world of cultivation, but For some reasons, he was unable to enter the inner space of that great power, so he penetrated the power of his laws into the inner space of the dead great power in the world of cultivation. This is what we saw The power of the laws of the Shadow Clan, if we are really defeated by the power of the Laws of the Shadow Clan, then we will become the real power of the Laws of the Shadow Clan and become slaves in the hands of others, because their power of laws is different from the power of the laws of the Shadow Clan. We are completely different. If they want to assimilate us, we can only become their slaves, so we must resist. If we want to live forever, we must resist and fight out of this space. As long as we can Fight out from here, and then we will have the capital to talk to the powerful person behind the power of the Shadow Clan's law. Then we can naturally pursue the road to immortality without becoming anyone's slave."

Emperor Shitian and others listened blankly to Zhao Hai's words. This was indeed the first time they heard about this matter. In the Blood Killing Sect, not many people knew about it, except for some core elders. , ordinary people don’t know at all, and Zhao Hai has never thought of letting them know, because letting them know may not be a good thing for them. It is precisely because of this that these speculations are not going to happen in the bloody battle. There is no information to check in the sect, so it is naturally impossible for Emperor Shitian and others to know.

Zhao Hai glanced at Di Shitian and the others, then smiled bitterly and said: "I know, you may be angry, you think I don't trust you, even though you have all joined the Blood Killing Sect, but I still You have made it here to completely cut off your connection with the outside world, so that you can take the opportunity to integrate all the outside disciples into the Blood Killing Sect, so that they will only listen to the Blood Killing Sect and not you. I think I went too far."

When Emperor Shitian and others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would say these words. Their expressions changed, and they all stood up immediately and faced Zhao Hai. Hai saluted and said: "Don't dare, Sect Master, we definitely have no such idea." They were really scared. They felt that Zhao Haixue was testing them. If they dared to answer Zhao Hai truthfully, that's what we thought. , then Zhao Hai will definitely not let them go.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Sit down, I don't mean to blame you, and you don't have to deny it. If it were me in your place, I would think so, but I have to do this, whether you are willing or not, I will I have to do this. I have to make the Blood Killing Sect have only one voice, so that all their minds and energy can all be thought in one place. Otherwise, our Blood Killing Sect will be in danger. We The enemy we face is the Shadow Clan. Don’t look at it now. In the Wanshan Realm outside, there are still people from the various sects and Shadow Clan in the Wanshan Realm. No one can defeat anyone. They are fighting against each other. But I dare to say that the outside world now, There must be many sects that have actually been controlled by the Shadow Clan. The reason why they have not launched yet may be because they feel that the people from various sects in Wanshan Realm still have the ability to fight with them, so They haven't taken action yet. When they feel that the time is right and really start to take action, I am afraid that Wanshan Realm will fall into their hands, and we will face an extremely powerful Shadow Clan. In this situation Next, I have to use this method to unite the sect and make everyone think in the same direction. Only in this way can we defeat the enemy."

"I know that you are also very loyal to the sect. You have never thought about betraying the sect. However, with you here, those disciples of the Sea Clan and those in the heaven and human world will have other ideas. They will feel that you are still their leader, and they may be more willing to listen to you. Even if they want to accept the identity of a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect and be proud of this identity, they must first forget their original identity. If you If you show up in the sect all the time, they will always remember their identity. This is very detrimental to the integration of the sect. That’s why I let you enter the time acceleration area to retreat here. To be honest, if you really follow the sect’s rules In terms of the process, you are not qualified to enter here. You should have discovered that entering here has only advantages and no disadvantages for you, so I can tell you all this calmly today. I'm not afraid that you will resist. With your strength, resisting or betraying the sect will only lead to death. I just don't want any turmoil within the sect, and I also don't want you experts to use your strength against the Shadow Clan on the battlefield. But it was used in the civil war, so I came up with such a method."

When Di Shitian and others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all stood up. Di Shitian clasped his hands together and saluted Zhao Hai: "Thank you so much for telling me frankly, sect master. In fact, if the sect master didn't say this, we would have guessed it, but We have no intention of blaming the sect master, sect master, we understand that the sect is bitter, and we are willing to obey the sect master’s arrangements. Sect master, you are thinking of the entire cultivation world, so even if you sacrifice us, it is appropriate, and I will not hesitate.”

Old Jiuling and the others also said in unison: "I'll wait without hesitation!" They really didn't expect that the truth would be so serious, but they believed that Zhao Hai would not lie to him about this matter, so they Everyone understood Zhao Hai's painstaking efforts. They really didn't expect that the world of cultivation would face such a big crisis.

Some people may ask, why did Jiuling Lao and the others believe Zhao Hai's words so easily? Do they trust people too easily? Or did Zhao Hai tremble again, so Jiuling Lao and the others believed it? In fact, this is not the case. The reason why Old Jiuling and the others can believe Zhao Hai's words is because they know very well that if Zhao Hai is really lying to them, it will not be of any benefit to Zhao Hai.

When Zhao Hai said those words, several other elders of the Blood Killing Sect were sitting next to them, and there was not much surprise on the faces of those elders. In other words, what Zhao Hai told them today I also told those elders that if this is really the case, then Zhao Hai’s words cannot be false, because Zhao Hai can lie to them, but he will never lie to the old disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. , if Zhao Hai deceives even the old disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, then once it is discovered that what Zhao Hai said is false, no one will be on Zhao Hai's side, and Zhao Hai will betray his relatives and leave Zhao Hai. It is absolutely impossible for Hai's wisdom to do such a thing, so they believed Zhao Hai's words.

Zhao Hai looked at Jiuling Lao and the others, smiled slightly, helped them all up, and then said: "Don't say that I am so great, I will not save the entire world of cultivation, what I have to do is Bring all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect together to pursue the path to immortality. If one day, I really become immortal, then everyone will live forever with me. This sounds impossible, but I feel , in fact, it is possible. If immortality is really possible, then I can completely control the laws of Xuanwu Space. I don’t want everyone to die by then, so naturally everyone will not have to die anymore, so everyone will naturally be able to Immortality, of course, is just a possibility. If one day in the future, you feel that it is impossible to live forever with me, and you want to leave the Blood Killing Sect, I will not stop you. I can even help you refine it. Create an inner space, this is what I have said to all the core elders, and the same applies to you."