c7757 journal

Zhao Hai looked at the diary. It was very long and had a lot of content. It recorded some of his daily life. The person who kept the diary did not write his name. Most people would not write about themselves when writing a diary. name, but Zhao Hai can be sure that this diary must be very important to the people of the Jade Buddha Temple, otherwise they would not keep the diary here.

I have been reading the diary for a while, and suddenly a diary attracted Zhao Hai's attention. The other diaries were not very long, but this one was very long, and the writing was crooked, and it looked very... It's awkward. It seems that the person who wrote this diary is very excited.

"Today, I was ordered by the sect to go to an abandoned mine to check the situation there. Those abandoned mines may become the nests of some monster beasts, and those monster beasts must be cleared out regularly. This It is also one of the things that gang disciples must do. Today I received this task.

But what I didn't expect was that something extremely weird happened in that cave. When I was checking a cave, a space crack suddenly appeared in the cave, and then countless books appeared in the cave. Those books They were all packed in a very special kind of bag. Those bags were not made of cloth or animal skin. They were made of materials I didn’t know, but they were not very strong. There were just too many of them. They appeared so suddenly that they almost They buried me inside, and it was precisely because of this that I discovered that those bags were all filled with books.

Books, there are so many books. Books are very rare here in Wanshan Realm. Only some seniors in the sect will record their inheritance in books when they are dying. There is a lot of time. , they don’t even have that time, so the number of books for each sect is not very large, but how many books are there here? Ten thousand copies? One hundred thousand copies? I really don’t know because there are so many.

I am so excited. There are so many books. This is an opportunity given to me by God. With these books, I will definitely become a strong person. I will definitely do it. But I can’t let anyone know about this. I definitely can’t let anyone know about it. I know, otherwise, these books no longer belong to me. "

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but feel excited. He finally knew where these books came from. These books turned out to appear from the cracks in space. This was really amazing, and he could almost know. , What material is the bag used to hold books? It should be a plastic woven bag.

Zhao Hai continued to read down with excitement. Some of the diaries below were mainly about those books. The person soon discovered that many of those books were repeated. At the same time, he also found that the contents of those books were all the same. Some Buddhist scriptures. Although Tieshan Sect is not a Buddhist sect, that person is not ignorant about Buddhist scriptures, and his attitude towards Buddhist scriptures is different from that of people on earth. After that person discovered that those books were Buddhist scriptures, not only was he not disappointed , on the contrary, I am very excited, because Buddhist scriptures are also very useful to people in Wanshan Realm.

Then the man began to study Buddhism attentively, and the diary he wrote gradually contained a hint of Buddha nature. As he studied Buddhism in depth, he gradually became a master. , finally he was able to open a sect. After he could open a sect, he left his sect directly, went outside, and established a sect. This sect is the Jade Buddha Temple, and the reason why he gave this The sect was named Jade Buddha Temple because he could not afford jade slips when he was young. He remembered this too deeply, so he named the sect Jade Buddha Temple, and he became the founder of Jade Buddha Temple. Ancestor.

Although Zhao Hai had some mental preparations, he was still a little excited when he saw the diary recording how that person established the Jade Buddha Temple and how he became the founder of the Jade Buddha Temple, because this diary turned out to be It was written by the founder of the Jade Buddha Temple, how could he not be excited about it.

The founder of the Jade Buddha Temple did not have much. He just wanted to spread his Buddhism throughout the Wanshan world. This was his great wish. It is precisely because of this that although he is very powerful, But he never ascended, and finally sat in the Temple of the Emerald Buddha.

Although this diary only records some contents of the founder of the Jade Buddha Temple, and does not record too much about the subsequent development of the Jade Buddha Temple, nor does it record too much about the situation in Wanshan Realm, this diary at least allows Zhao Hai knew how the Jade Buddha Temple was established and how those books on earth came from.

Zhao Hai put down the book in his hand and took a deep breath. Then he looked at the other books on the bookshelf and found that many of them were made of animal skins. He picked up all the books and took a look. I found that those books were all records of the development of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. It can be said that these books are the history of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. They even recorded how the people of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha collected materials and refined the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon.

By the time Zhao Hai saw the last diary, he already knew why the Jade Buddha Temple was destroyed. However, the Tieshan Sect, which had always had a good relationship with the Jade Buddha Temple, did not come to the rescue because the Jade Buddha Temple was destroyed. The ancestor of the Buddhist temple was from the Tieshan Sect, so the relationship between the Jade Buddha Temple and the Tieshan Sect has always been good. However, when the Jade Buddha Temple was destroyed, the Tieshan Sect never took action. This is really surprising. I feel very puzzled.

However, the reason was recorded in the diary. It turned out that the Xuanjia Sect was not the only one who wanted to destroy the Jade Buddha Temple. The ones who destroyed the Jade Buddha Temple were the major Buddhist sects in Wanshan Realm. They wanted to destroy the Jade Buddha Temple, and they were the ones who held back the Tieshan Sect, so the Tieshan Sect failed to rescue the Jade Buddha Temple. In the end, the Jade Buddha Temple was destroyed by Xuanwu A was destroyed.

Of course, there is no content in this diary about the destruction of the Jade Buddha Temple. It just says that the Buddhist sect will deal with them, and the Tieshan Sect has even sent them a letter, asking them to be careful, because the Tieshan Sect has no way. Help them, and finally there are some contents related to the battle between the Jade Buddha Temple and the Xuanjia Sect. As long as he sees these contents, Zhao Hai will know the whole story.

Zhao Hai read these contents and then took a look at the things in the study room on this floor. Almost all the secret books he found were books, and most of them were relatively high-level exercises. Some of these exercises were made of jade. The Buddhist temple has its own unique skills, but some of them are stolen from others. This is indeed the Sutra Pavilion of the Temple of the Emerald Buddha.

Bai Yan and Old Man Jiusuan have also been reading, but they did not see the book of days. After reading the book of days, Zhao Hai put it away directly. Then he turned to look at the two people who were reading, and then He said in a deep voice: "There should be no one here, and there is no danger of Ren Bao. Let the people from the sect come in, move all the books here, move them to the Xuanwu space, and find a place to put them first."

The two of them responded and immediately reported the situation to Wen Wenhai. Then the Blood Killing Sect's army entered directly. Wen Wenhai personally led his disciples to the Buddha. They first entered After entering the inner space of the Big Buddha, he was also shocked, and then he directly moved all the books in the inner space of the Big Buddha.

Then they began to conduct reconnaissance on this building complex, and finally found that there was indeed no one here, and there was nothing very useful. It could even be said that this building complex had not been completely built, and Zhao Hai said Yes, although the magic circle built by this building complex has taken shape, it cannot be used. There is a reason.

Although a magic circle has been built in this building complex, their method of building the magic circle is actually very crude, because they just enlarged some small magic circles and used them here, which seems to be feasible. But in fact it is not possible, because when the magic circle was small, even if there was some energy conflict on some of the talismans on the magic circle, because the magic circle was small, the energy conflict was also small, the magic circle could withstand it, so like this There is no problem in using the magic circle. Although the power of the magic circle will be affected to some extent due to energy conflicts, it can still be used.

But it's different when the magic circle is enlarged. If the energy of the two magic symbols conflicts, and there is nothing in between to neutralize the conflict, the consequences will be very serious. If one of them is not done well, the magic circle will be destroyed. It may explode directly, which is a very scary thing.

This is the case with the magic circle here. The energy of several talismans in this magic circle is in conflict, and there is no neutralization. If they really use this magic circle, then this magic circle will If not, it will really explode, so Zhao Hai knows very well that there is no way to use this magic circle.

However, Zhao Hai took the big Buddha directly into the Shenji Hall. The surface of the big Buddha was covered with a layer of gold, but the material used inside the big Buddha was a very special material. This material could block the Human mental power is very effective in transmitting energy, so Zhao Hai is still very interested in this material.

Get that giant Buddha to the Shenji Hall and let the people there study what materials the giant Buddha uses. Maybe it will be of some help to the Blood Killing Sect’s external incarnation. The Blood Killing Sect’s external body Although the incarnation is very powerful and the materials used are very good, its concealment is not very good, so Zhao Hai is still very optimistic about this material.

After getting these done, the last thing to do is how to merge the world. This is very important, because if the world is merged, then they will most likely appear directly in the Wanshan Realm. Although in fact they are now in the Wanshan Realm, they are isolated from the world. Zhao Hai is really worried that after they appear in the Wanshan Realm, they will be directly attacked by the Shadow Clan or Wanshan Realm. If the sects in the Mountain Realm attack, they will be in danger, so they must be prepared and ready for battle. Once they enter the Wanshan Realm, they can directly plunge into the battle. , not giving the enemy any chance.