c7755 Enter

The seven days of preparation time passed in the blink of an eye. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all knew that they might soon leave the Tianlong Babu Realm, and everyone was very happy. Although there is no danger in the Tianlong Babu Realm now. But to be honest, there is really nothing interesting here. They all want to leave here earlier and enter the Wanshan Realm. Now the time is finally almost up, so everyone seems very happy.

Seven days later, Wen Wenhai and the others came to the space passage again. Today they will enter the main interface of the Tianlong Babu Realm. As before, they still have to send people to the main interface to conduct reconnaissance first, and then in Enter the main interface.

The candidates for the reconnaissance were the puppet disciples, and they were also the best choices, so several puppet disciples were selected. Wen Wenhai did not waste any words and directly let them enter the space passage, while several people were all staring at it. looking at a projection in front of them.

After the puppet disciples entered the space passage, they saw that the projection went dark at first, and then suddenly lit up after a short time. This made their eyes a little uncomfortable. When they opened their eyes, After opening their eyes, they were stunned because they discovered that what appeared in the projection was actually a huge building complex, and they should be above this building complex now.

This building complex is very huge. It is a rectangle with a length of about ten thousand miles and a width of at least seven or eight thousand miles. There are all kinds of pavilions and pavilions in it. In the middle of this building complex, there is actually a statue. The Big Buddha, this Big Buddha is about 10,000 meters tall. It can be said that it really stands tall on the sky and the earth.

The big Buddha sits cross-legged on the lotus platform, with his hands in dharma seals and a kind smile on his face. His whole body is golden. On the chest of the big Buddha, there is a swastika Buddha character. The whole big Buddha looks extremely gorgeous and solemn. The location of this giant Buddha is in the middle of this building complex.

The location where their projection is located is a large square at the front of the building complex. The square is entirely paved with white stones and looks very beautiful. However, what is a little strange is that in this square , but there are several piles of things. Some of these things are black, some are white, and some are metal-like in color. I don’t know what they are.

Those puppet disciples obviously did not expect that they would encounter such a situation. They all looked around carefully. After finding that no one was there, they finally slowly fell to the ground. First they looked at some of the piles of things, and finally They found that the piles of things seemed to be all powder. They didn't know what they were. They didn't get close. They found a place in the square and directly arranged a magic circle and built a small base. This was what they used to do. Things to do.

As soon as Wen Wenhai and the others saw that the small base had been built, they immediately ordered the prepared disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to enter the main interface directly through the teleportation array. After arriving there, those disciples immediately began to move the base It became larger and a slightly larger base was built.

But they did not build this base too big, because it has been a long time since they entered the main interface, and they still built the base at the door of others, but until now, there is no one there. Seeing this made them puzzled and at the same time more careful.

Of course, there is another reason, that is, although their base is not very big, it is not too small. If they are expanding, they will be built in the yard of the building complex. It is precisely because of this , so they didn't mess around and stopped directly.

As soon as he saw this situation, Wen Wenhai directly sent Bai Yan over without waiting for those disciples to ask. Bai Yan was still the frontline commander. There should be no problem for him to go over and take charge of the overall situation. Follow Bai Yan there. Yes, there are many disciples, and these disciples are all ready to fight.

Soon, Bai Yan and the others had arrived at the main interface. After Bai Yan arrived there, he did not expand the base, but directly sent his disciples to conduct reconnaissance around the surroundings. The most important thing was to conduct reconnaissance in the building, because he had already I discovered that this space seems to be much smaller than other spaces.

The results of the reconnaissance came out quickly. There were no people, no living creatures, no mutations, and nothing in this space. It was really a space, empty, with nothing. When I saw this Seeing the situation, Bai Yan immediately contacted Wen Wenhai and asked Wen Wenhai to immediately send the old man Jiu Suan over. Wen Wenhai also understood what he meant, so he immediately sent the old man Jiu Suan over.

Soon the old man Jiu Suan arrived at the main interface, and then he directly began to command the disciples there to arrange a magic circle on the main interface. A magic circle that could cover the entire main interface. As long as this magic circle is arranged well , then the main interface is them, and they don’t have to worry about anything.

The arrangement of the magic circle was also very smooth. Because no one came to disturb them, the magic circle was arranged very smoothly. It didn't take long for the magic circle to be set up. At this time, Wen Wenhai and the others were completely relieved. At the same time, they still had a very unreal feeling, because from the time they sent someone to enter the main interface, less than twenty hours had passed. The main interface was completely theirs, which really surprised them. It was so smooth that they couldn't believe it.

Wen Wenhai looked at the projection and still had an unreal feeling. At the same time, he was also a little uneasy, so he turned to Chang Jun and said, "Old Chang, why do I feel unreal? How do you feel?" It was indeed what he was thinking, so he had to discuss it with Chang Jun and see what Chang Jun thought.

Chang Jun thought for a while and finally said in a deep voice: "Let the sect leader decide. To be honest, I am really confused about this situation now and don't know what is going on." Chang Jun also said indeed He didn't know what was going on, and the success made him feel a bit unreal, which actually made him a little unsure.

Wen Wenhai nodded, without saying anything, and directly connected to Zhao Hai's communication array. Soon, Zhao Hai's communication array was directly connected, and Zhao Hai's voice came: "Wen Hai, what's the matter? Is something wrong?" Zhao Hai's voice was very calm, and there was no hint of emotion or anger. Of course, most of the time, Zhao Hai's voice was like this.

Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Boss, the main interface has been taken down, but it went a little too smoothly. We are a little unsure. I want you to decide. Do you want to come over and take a look?" Wen Wenhai really That's what he thought, so he said this. He really wanted to ask Zhao Hai what to do about this matter, but he had no idea now.

When Zhao Hai heard what Wen Wenhai said, he couldn't help but said with interest: "Oh? So fast? Then I have to take a look." After saying that, he hung up the magic circle. Wen Wenhai didn't care, as long as he told Zhao Hai That's it. The next moment Zhao Hai appeared in front of us. Then Zhao Hai took a look at the projection and almost understood what was going on. He turned to Wen Wenhai and the others and said: "You guys wait here. Come on, let me go take a look." After saying that, he moved and disappeared, and the next moment he appeared on the main interface.

As soon as Zhao Hai appeared on the main interface, the disciples who stayed there immediately saluted to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand, and then Baiyan and Old Man Jiusuan also came to Zhao Hai's side, saluted to Zhao Hai and said: " See the sect master (young master)." Baiyan and Jiusuan old man still respect Zhao Hai very much.

Zhao Hai nodded at them, then glanced around, and then said in a deep voice: "The area of ​​this interface seems to be much smaller. Have you seen the entire interface?" The area of ​​this interface is indeed not large. According to Zhao Hai With his mental strength, he already knew how big this interface was almost instantly, so he asked this question.

Baiyan immediately said: "Yes, Sect Master, I have checked everything and found no problems and no enemies. It seems that someone else has built this place, but there is no house to live in. To be precise, it may not have been built here yet." Well, some residential areas have not been completely built yet, but the main body has been built.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then turned around and looked around, and then said in a deep voice: "There shouldn't be any problems here. The only problem is the big Buddha. Let's go over and have a look." After saying this, Zhao Hai went directly. Then he flew towards the big Buddha. Baiyan and Old Man Jiusuan also followed Zhao Hai and flew straight towards the big Buddha.

Soon the three of them arrived at the big Buddha. This big Buddha was really huge and very beautiful. Zhao Hai glanced at the big Buddha, then looked around, then turned to the old man Jiu Suan and said, "Jiu Suan." Elder, look around and see this giant Buddha. What do you think?"

When the old man Jiu Suan heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he turned around and looked around, and then at the Buddha. Then his expression couldn't help but change slightly and said: "This is a Buddhist magic circle, which is the former emperor's magic circle." That kind of Buddhist magic circle used by Shi Tian and others? We have just come into contact with this kind of magic circle, so I really didn’t notice it before. Although this building complex is rectangular, if some places on the periphery are added, , here can actually be regarded as a circle. Some of the buildings in this circle are the talismans of some magic circles, but they are the talismans of the Buddhist magic circle, so this is basically a huge magic circle. Master, don’t you know if what I said is right?”

Zhao Hai laughed loudly and said: "Yes, you are right. This is a magic circle, and it is also a very big magic circle. This big Buddha is the eye of the formation. It seems that this is the people of the Jade Buddha Temple. Give yourself The prepared main hall was located, but it was destroyed before they could use it. However, even if they really had the chance to use this place as the main hall, they might not be able to use this magic circle, because their magic circle, It was wrong from the very beginning, so this magic circle can be said to be completely useless, but this big Buddha is really a treasure. It may have taken the Temple of the Emerald Buddha countless years to build this big Buddha. "