c7759 crystallization

But if Wen Yu’s speculation is true, then they have something that can restore all discarded magic weapons and elixirs to the most basic materials. So for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, Those useless things become treasures, which will save the Blood Killing Sect a lot of materials, and even allow the Blood Killing Sect to obtain a lot of high-level materials.

Although Zhao Hai has space, any material can be turned into an endless mine of materials when it reaches the space. However, Zhao Hai has never wanted to do this. He still wants the people of the Blood Killing Sect to be self-sufficient and not always Relying on space does not mean that he will give up on the Blood Killing Sect and stop caring about them. In fact, Zhao Hai did this for the sake of the safety of the Blood Killing Sect. He was worried that if he continued like this, people outside would become suspicious. They even doubted his space.

Zhao Haizui's purpose of establishing the Xuanwu Space in the first place was actually to conceal the existence of the space. The enemies he faces now are getting stronger and stronger. No one knows what methods those enemies have. Some enemies have strong motivations. He has the ability to develop, but if they figure out that Zhao Hai has space for such a big killer, then Zhao Hai will be in danger.

Don't think that because Zhao Hai is stronger now, you don't have to worry about anything. In fact, there are still people who are stronger than Zhao Hai. If those people deal with Zhao Hai together, then Zhao Hai will be really in danger. , especially for those people, Zhao Hai's space is an incredible treasure.

Now that space is no longer used to fight the enemy, but the transmission ability of that space, as well as the countless spaces in that space, the races in the space, the materials in the space, those things have a very fatal attraction for a monk power, so if they really know about the existence of space, then they will definitely take action against Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn't want those people to know the existence of the space, so he first created the Xuanwu Space, which could have the greatest cover-up effect on his space. However, at the same time, with so many people in the Blood Killing Sect, they needed There are so many materials, so many things, if people know that all those things were brought out by Zhao Hai, then they will not doubt that Zhao Hai is the one with the ghost, so Zhao Hai needs something to cover up the existence of the space.

In addition to these reasons, there is another reason that makes Zhao Hai very interested in the decomposition ability, that is, the decomposition ability can restore blood gold to the most basic materials. This may seem like nothing, but don't Forgot, blood killing is a living thing, that is to say, if you need materials, and there are some materials in blood gold, then you can make the blood gold bigger, then kill it, and then use the decomposition ability , give that piece of blood gold to the reducing energy material, and then you will have that material to use. This is almost equivalent to letting the Blood Killing Sect have endless materials to use. This is amazing, The original assistant to the Blood Killing Sect was too great.

When Wen Yuming heard Zhao Hai ask him how he was sure that the materials were blood gold, he couldn't help but said in a deep voice: "Sect Master, what materials are blood gold made from? I don't know much about it. Most of the materials here are , in fact, they are all materials used for blood gold, and the remaining materials, which we have not analyzed yet, have a characteristic. Some materials are actually just a kind of attribute crystallization, and among them is the shadow clan. The attribute crystal of the power of law, although that crystal is the same as the power of law of the Shadow Clan, but that crystal does not have the kind of spiritual will that the power of the law of the Shadow Clan has. In other words, that crystal It is the power of Shadow Clan’s law, but it is the power of Shadow Clan’s law without an owner.”

Zhao Hai immediately understood the meaning of Wen Yuming's words. Before Zhao Hai and the others came to the Tianlong Babu Realm, who were the people here in the Tianlong Babu Realm? Of course, it is the Wanshan Realm monks and Shadow Tribe people in the Black and White Battlefield. It is impossible that they have not explored the space passage. If they really send people to enter the space passage, as long as they do not take good protection, then they will be dead. People may not leave much material behind when they die, but when those Shadow Clan people die, their bodies should be decomposed into the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, but the power of the Shadow Clan's laws has its own owner, and this is also Why did Zhao Hai feel that the power of the Shadow Clan's laws was the reason for living? Zhao Hai wanted to get some of the Shadow Clan's laws for research, but after a lot of work, he managed to get a piece of the Shadow Clan's laws The spiritual power in the power was given to the magic light, and then they got the most pure power of the laws of the shadow clan, and then put the power of the laws of the shadow clan into the space, so that they always have the power of the laws of the shadow clan. They used their strength to do research, and now they have discovered the crystallization of the power of the Shadow Clan's law here, but there is no mental power in the crystal. It is the pure power of the law, and it does not have an owner. For them, this is another thing. There is no good news, and at the same time, this also means another thing, that is, the mental power in the power of the Shadow Clan's law may be directly decomposed by the decomposition ability in the space channel. This is definitely good news.

Moreover, here in the world of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon, there are no races like the Yasha Tribe, the Shura Tribe, the Garuda Tribe, and the Dragon Tribe. They are actually a collection of energy, and even if they are contaminated by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, But they also have attributes originally, and the power of the Shadow Clan's laws will also retain some of their original attributes in order to make their attacks more powerful. This is why they will find that many attributes crystallize when they are famous. The crystallization should be when various races entered the space channel to explore, they were decomposed by the space channel, and the spiritual power inside was eliminated. In the end, only the most primitive attribute crystals were left.

When Zhao Hai thought of this, he immediately said to Yu Ming in a deep voice: "Yu Ming, you should have guessed where those shadow clan law power crystals and those attribute crystals come from, so those materials should not be Can you tell me why you are confused now and what materials you don’t know?”

Wen Yuming nodded and said: "The materials I don't recognize are here. Take a look. There are only these kinds." As Wen Yuming said this, he led Zhao Hai to several boxes and pointed at the contents in the boxes. Dongxi said to Zhao Hai: "Sect Master, these are the materials. Apart from these materials, we almost all know what the other materials are."

Zhao Hai looked at the contents of those boxes carefully and found that one of the boxes contained a dark red substance. However, what was supposed to be a liquid had now dried and turned into A thin, film-like thing, and in another box is a kind of gray-white powder, and there are two boxes, one box is a white crystal, and the other box is also Crystals, but those crystals are all golden.

Zhao Hai first looked at the membrane-like thing, glanced at it mentally, and then he shook his head and said: "This thing should be the flesh and blood of humans or monsters, what is left after being decomposed, but this thing is now It's dead and has no use. Just throw it away and dispose of it." Then he glanced at the gray-white powder again, then nodded and said: "This should be the bone part of a human or a monster, obtained after decomposition. This thing has no use here, so throw it away."

The reason why Zhao Hai is so sure is because his mental power is much stronger than that of Wen Yuming and the others, and he has seen these things before, so he is so sure, and when Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said , didn’t say anything, just nodded and responded. He didn’t feel any disgust towards those things.

They are famous for their Shenjitang. They have studied too many kinds of materials, including fresh blood and bones. Naturally, they will not feel anything about such things that have turned into ashes. , so they don't feel too special, but they will get rid of those things, not that those things are blood or bone meal, but that those things are no longer useful.

Finally, Zhao Hai walked to the other two boxes. He took a look at the two boxes. In one of the boxes, there was that kind of white crystal. Zhao Hai picked up a crystal and took a closer look. In this crystal, He can feel a very special energy. This energy is not attribute energy, nor is it ordinary crystal energy. This energy is very special. It has strong energy fluctuations, is very stable, and looks very powerful. eccentric.

Zhao Hai took a careful look, and then used his mental power to probe into the crystal. This method of using mental power to check the crystal can only be used by Zhao Hai, and Wen Yu cannot use it, because some crystals, once used, Using this method means that if you use it, it may explode, or it may directly turn into a burst of energy and disappear. Therefore, under normal circumstances, they will not directly use their mental power to detect after hearing the name. If it is crystallized, they will conduct various analyzes on the crystal to finally determine what this crystal is used for.

The reason why Zhao Hai dares to do this is because he can guarantee that the crystal will not disappear in his hands. His mental power can detect the properties of the crystal, but it will not make the crystal disappear, so he dares to do this. . But this time, he made some miscalculations, because as soon as his mental power connected with the crystal, the white crystal disappeared. This made Zhao Hai stunned, because he just felt a Cool, then the crystal disappeared. He didn't even know why the crystal disappeared.

Zhao Hai was very puzzled. Even if the crystal disappeared, it would still have some effect. Why did the crystal disappear but not have any effect? This made Zhao Hai very puzzled. Then Zhao Hai picked up another crystal and used his mental power to explore it again. The same thing happened again and again, and the crystal disappeared again.

But this time Zhao Hai paid very careful attention to the crystal. He wanted to know where the crystal had gone. Not to mention, this time he really wanted to find out where the crystal had gone. There was a look of ecstasy on his face...