c7752 Condition

"Chapter error, click here to report"

"Wait a minute, Fajing, are you saying that there are many countries in the Wanshan Realm, and in those countries, there will be many ordinary people living on the plains? But what do you mean?" Wen Wenhai suddenly interrupted After hearing Fajing's words, he asked, he was really very curious, he really didn't expect that there would be ordinary people in Wanshan Realm.

"Of course, there are countless countries in Wanshan Realm. These countries are large and small, but each country has a large population, and the sects that rule these countries will visit these countries every once in a while. Go to a country to conduct a test to see if there are people in these countries who are very talented. If you are talented, you can directly join the sect and become a disciple of the sect. Even if your talent is not very good, you can also join those who are talented. Of course, compared to joining a sect, there are more people in gangs or royal families who can only be born as ordinary people throughout their lives, or who can only be ordinary people for the rest of their lives." Fa Jing nodded and said as if it was a matter of course.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and signaled Fa Jing to continue. Fa Jing then said: "In addition to these sects on the mainland, there are countless large islands on the sea in Wanshan Realm, and those large islands also have their own sects. Gate, and the strength does not seem to be weak. Of course, because Wanshan Realm is so big, I really can’t tell the specific terrain of Wanshan Realm. I’m afraid no one can tell it, because Wanshan Realm is The changes in the mountain realm are really great. Sometimes mountains will rise from the ground, and sometimes mountains will decrease in height. Therefore, the terrain in the Wanshan realm has changed greatly."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then signaled for Fajing to sit down. He then looked at the others and said: "You have heard what Fajing said. The situation in Wanshan Realm is more complicated than we imagined, and we appeared in place, maybe it’s the Sword of the Abyss. If that’s really the case, then we are really sandwiched between the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm and the Shadow Clan’s territory. Fajing, the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm and the Shadow Clan’s territory , have you always had no contact? Or is there any contact?"

Fajing immediately stood up again and said to Zhao Hai: "Returning to the sect leader, there is a connection between the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan. There are countless iron cables between the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan. These iron cables have thousands of Made by people from the Mountain Realm, and some from the Shadow Clan, these iron cables will connect the Mountain Realm and the Shadow Clan. If people want to pass through the iron cables, they must pass through them. If they want to go directly Flying over is not possible. There will be a strong suction in the endless abyss. No one can fly over the endless abyss. As for how the first iron cable on the endless abyss was established, there is indeed no way. People know it, and it is said that it is an iron rope left by an ancient great power, and it became the first iron rope on the endless abyss."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "According to what you said, the endless abyss must be very deep, and it also divided the original Wanshan Realm into two. Is there no sea water in the endless abyss? The water goes deeper, and if the endless abyss is really that deep, the sea water will definitely flow into the endless abyss."

"No, Sect Master, there is a very strange energy in the endless abyss. These energies are very chaotic. It is precisely because of these energies and the strong suction that people cannot fly across the endless abyss. The abyss, and those sea tribes were also blocked by that very chaotic energy, so they did not pour into the endless abyss." Fajing said in a deep voice, everyone in Wanshan Realm knew about this matter .

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "So, is that the messy energy that was left behind when the great powers of Wanshan Realm fought with the Shadow Clan people? Because the energy is too strong, it will not change forever. There is a special phenomenon in the endless abyss, but is it like this?"

"That's why the energy turbulence in the endless abyss is too strong. It has not decreased for so many years, so people had to build iron cables one after another. The original Sword of the Abyss was also built. There are a lot of iron ropes there. It has been the focus of competition between the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan for so many years. However, since the discovery of the Black and White Battlefield, fewer people have gone there. In recent years, few people have gone to the abyss. There are two iron ropes there, but there are very few people using them, and only some casual cultivators will go there." Fa Jing said.

"Then the Wanshan Realm does not need people who ascend from the lower world at all. The Wanshan Realm itself has countless people. If each sect wants to replenish the population, they can directly use the Wanshan Realm to supplement their population. To replenish the population there, there is no need for people from the lower world to replenish the population, right?" Zhao Hai said to Fa Jing.

Fa Jing shook his head and said: "No, sect master, the people in Wanshan Realm still attach great importance to the people who have ascended from the lower realm. In fact, in Wanshan Realm, there are not many ascending points from the lower realm. Every lower realm has Ascension points will be controlled by some major sects. Even if there are some ascension points that are not controlled by those major sects due to geographical reasons, they will be watched by several sects around them and will not let anyone get involved. , because people who ascended from the lower realm to the upper realm have practiced cultivation themselves. During the process of ascension, their bodies have been improved and are more suitable for cultivation, so their future achievements may be greater. The most important thing is , although the skills they practice in the lower realm are not necessarily suitable for people here in Wanshan Realm, they are also very popular here, because some of those skills are still useful to various sects. Inspired, so each sect attaches great importance to those who ascend from the lower realms. Although these ascended people almost always have an upper limit on their cultivation. At most, they can only become elders of a sect and cannot achieve too high achievements. But these people are progressing very quickly, and they can be said to be the most suitable thugs for the sect."

Zhao Hai nodded. Now he has a little idea of ​​the situation in Wanshan Realm. The situation in Wanshan Realm is very unique. The ruling class there is divided according to the height of the mountain. Those who live in the plains are all commoners, while those who live in the mountains are nobles. Depending on how high the mountain you live is, you can know how high your status as a noble is. And there are countries and royal families in Wanshan Realm. , and above the royal family, there are gangs and sects.

It can be said that those gangs were specially arranged by the sects to control the royal family. It can be seen that those sects still have very strict control over the royal family. When thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but said to Fa Jing: "Fa Jing, if you follow your So, in Wanshan Realm, there should be no wars between countries, right? After all, neighboring countries generally belong to the same sect, so there shouldn't be any conflicts, right?"

"No, sect master, in Wanshan Realm, wars often occur between countries. Even two countries that belong to the same sect will still have wars. And sometimes this kind of war will happen. , it was those sects who provoked it. The reason why they did this was because those sects found that after war, more people would become stronger and more people's potential would be unleashed, so those sects would do it from time to time. will provoke wars between countries. Through these wars, some people who perform better in the war will be selected, and these people who perform well will also join the various sects and become those under these sects. The disciples in the gangs are not only used to control the various sects, but also the dead warriors controlled by the various sects. The techniques they practice may not be the strongest, but their combat effectiveness is unparalleled. Weak." Fa Jing said in a deep voice.

Zhao Hai then said: "So that's it. So, those gangs are only used to monitor those royal families? Why are they monitoring those royal families? Is it because they are afraid that those royal families will betray them?" When Zhao Hai heard what Fa Jing said, He immediately understood what Fa Jing meant. If his guess was correct, then those royal families might have betrayed those sects before, so those sects would use this method to monitor those royal families.

Sure enough, when Fa Jing heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately nodded and said: "Yes, sect master, those sects are just afraid that the royal family will betray them. The sect leader should also know that those royal families can be said to be the actual rulers of an area. , it’s okay if some royal families are obedient, but some royal families are too ambitious or dissatisfied with the management of that sect for other reasons, then they may betray that sect. This has happened before to several royal families. They got in touch, betrayed one sect, led people from another sect to that sect, and destroyed that sect in one fell swoop. It was precisely because of such a thing that those sects did this. Those gangs came out, and those gangs were created by the sect in order to control the royal family."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, so we have a rough idea of ​​the situation in Wanshan Realm. The sects in Wanshan Realm are those who stand on the highest peak, and those below them It's the gangs and the royal family. These two forces should be monitoring each other and restricting each other. At the bottom are the big nobles, then the small nobles, and at the bottom are the ordinary people. I'm really curious. Those Will ordinary people also participate in the battle? If those ordinary people also participate in the battle, then how do those sects ensure the population?"

Fa Jing said in a deep voice: "Civilians have to participate in wars. Generally, men and women are the main ones. Of course, it is mainly men. After a war, many people will die. In order to ensure the population, Once a man dies in battle, if he marries a wife, his wife will be arranged to marry by the nobles who manage them. In order to ensure the population, every woman will be allocated many stars in her life. Fertility Pill, this fertility pill is designed to make them pregnant, and it is very easy to get pregnant by taking fertility pills.”

Fajing's words made Zhao Hai and everyone in the Blood Killing Sect stunned. They really didn't expect that the people in Wanshan Realm would do such a thing in order to ensure the population. It seems a bit too much, right?

"Add bookmarks for easy reading"