c7750 Method

Shang Yunzhi sneered and said: "So what about the attack of the entire Wanshan Realm? To be honest, those guys from the Shadow Clan are really nothing special. It is really not difficult for us to deal with them now. Do you think the energy in the sect is What are the weapons used for? Why are those arrows used by Skyfire in the sect so strange? They all have Buddha power on them, and they can be turned into countless flying needles, but when it comes to real killing The power, but it doesn’t seem to be very big. Let me tell you, those fires in the sky may not be very powerful to you, but to those Shadow Tribe people, the lethality is too great, because the Shadow Tribe people are very They are afraid of Buddha's power, afraid of energy and magical weapons attacking them at the same time. This is the conclusion we came to after many battles with the Shadow Clan people. Otherwise, you would think that our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are crazy. Really, everyone wants to Dharma, why are you trying so hard to learn Dharma and engrave precepts and scriptures on the instruments? We do that to deal with the Shadow Clan people."

"As for the sects in the Wanshan Realm, they are actually easier to deal with. The best way to deal with the sects in the Wanshan Realm is actually to let the Alien Clan attack. You may not know the Alien Clan very well. , do you think that the alien clan that is fighting against you now is the strongest time? Let me tell you, the alien clan that is fighting against you now is definitely at its weakest, because the sect leader wants you to join the Blood Killing Sect, so he Let the alien clan not attack you with all their strength. The alien clan has an ability. They can eat everything and then convert these things into energy, and that energy will enter the alien clan's mother nest, allowing the alien clan to The mother nest can give birth to more aliens, and they can continue to evolve. Just imagine, facing a group of people who are not afraid of death at all, are very powerful in combat, and can evolve to target your weaknesses, and the number There are almost endless enemies, who could be their opponent?”

Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao unconsciously imagined that situation, and in the end they couldn't help but shuddered. They really couldn't imagine that situation. It would be too terrible, if it was really like that. , then in the end they can only be completely wiped out.

At the same time, they also figured it out. When Zhao Hai dealt with them before, he definitely did not try his best. Not to mention he tried his best. He was afraid that he could not even use one percent or even one thousandth of his strength. , if Zhao Hai really wanted to attack them with all his strength, I'm afraid they would have turned into alien dung by now.

Shang Yunzhi looked at them and couldn't help but smile slightly: "The situation I mentioned is just a situation. This situation may not happen. In fact, the sect leader does not really want to let the alien race continue to reproduce indefinitely, because it would be too It’s scary, so the sect leader can actually use another method to deal with those sects, and that is the undead clan.”

"The people of the Necromancer clan are difficult to kill, as you all know, and the Necromancer clan has an ability. After they kill the enemy, they can turn the enemy into a Necromancer clan, and this transformation People who become members of the Undead Clan will be absolutely loyal to their sect master, and he can at least maintain the fighting power of the eighth to ninth levels during his lifetime. You can imagine what it would be like if your relatives or clan members were killed by the Undead Clan. People were killed, and then you watched them turned into skeletons by the undead people, and then they turned around and started attacking you. How would you feel? The most terrifying thing is that the undead people People of this clan can now turn into human form, and there will be no difference. In other words, if your relatives are killed by the undead clan without your knowledge, then After you have changed back to your original appearance and your identity, but you don’t know it at all, and then they stab you in the back, do you still have a way to survive?”

Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao are already going crazy. If the Blood Killing Sect really uses this method to deal with them, they will indeed have no way to survive at all. Just like Jiuling Lao, if he fights with others in all directions, At that moment, a knife suddenly struck them in the back. They had no way to avoid it, and in the end they had no choice but to die.

Shang Yunzhi continued: "Even if we don't use these methods to deal with the people in Wanshan Realm, we only use our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to deal with the people in Wanshan Realm. Do you think they can stop them? Emperor Shitian, You have been in Wanshan Realm before. Have you ever seen those sects in Wanshan Realm and used the battle formation technique? If we use the battle formation technique to deal with them, what do you think they will do? Can they be blocked? Our offense?”

Emperor Shitian smiled bitterly and shook his head: "It is absolutely impossible. Those who know the art of fighting formations and those who do not know the art of fighting formations are completely two different concepts. If we use the art of fighting formations to deal with various sects in Wanshan Realm, then They are really defeated, there is absolutely no way they can be our opponents."

"That's it. No matter what aspect we are in, we must be stronger than those sects in Wanshan Realm. We must destroy all the sects in Wanshan Realm, turn their territory into our territory, and turn their disciples into What's wrong with our disciples turning their skills into ours? We can also completely integrate the power of those sects, and then turn around to deal with the people of the Shadow Clan and turn the Shadow Clan into ours. The people of the Clan will be driven out of the Wanshan Realm. At that time, we will merge the Wanshan Realm into our Blood Killing Sect, and then go to the next interface to hunt down the Shadow Clan people, keeping the Shadow Clan Driving the clan members out completely is what we want to do." Shang Yunzhi said with shining eyes.

Looking at Shang Yunzhi, Emperor Shitian and Jiuling Lao seemed to have seen the fate of Wanshan Realm. Just as Shang Yunzhi said, they could conquer Wanshan Realm and then deal with the shadows. Clan, Shadow Clan and the others must hunt down and drive the Shadow Clan out of the world of cultivation. This is what they want to do most.

With the power of a sect in the lower realm, it is said that a big force in the upper realm will be completely driven out of that interface. Only those who have been killed can say this, and they seem confident. Now the emperor Shi Tian and the others finally understood why the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were proud of being disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because they did have the capital to be proud and pursued the sects in the lower world to hunt down the sects in the upper world. If their strength can't make them proud, then there really isn't anything that can make them proud.

Shang Yunzhi looked at Emperor Shitian and said: "So your hatred is just a trivial matter. If you are willing, the sect master can even destroy the entire Xuanjia Sect and even cut off their inheritance. Because Xuanjia was destroyed If the sect destroys the inheritance of Xuanjia Sect and makes it impossible for it to spread in the sect, then the inheritance of Xuanjia Sect will really be cut off."

Emperor Shitian thought for a while, finally shook his head, smiled bitterly and said: "I see that it is no longer necessary. We still have to retain the inheritance of Xuanjia Sect, and the disciples of Xuanjia Sect, if it is not necessary, There is no need to kill them all, that’s all, this matter is not something I can have the final say on, I’ll talk about it when the time comes.”

Elder Jiuling also nodded and said: "This matter is indeed not something we can decide. How to decide in the end depends on the sect master's will. But Lao Shang, what you said seems to be too simple? Why do I feel , listening to what you said, all the sects in Wanshan Realm have been taken down by us? Is it really that easy? If Wanshan Realm was really that easy to deal with, wouldn’t the Shadow Clan have already taken down Wanshan Realm? Has the world been captured? How could it be our turn?"

Shang Yunzhi said solemnly: "Of course it won't be that easy. If it were that easy, then our Blood Killing Sect would have been immortal long ago. Everything I said is just the most ideal situation, even if it is true, everything It all goes according to what I said. If we want to take over Wanshan Realm, it will not be an easy task. People from various sects in Wanshan Realm are not so easy to deal with. We must be careful. .”

Old Jiuling nodded and said: "I think so. No matter what, we still have to go step by step in the end to truly reach our goal. But no matter what, we already have the goal, so we will take one step at a time." Just take one step forward. No matter who is blocking us, we will kick them all away. Even if we can't kick them away, isn't there still a sect leader? The sect leader must be able to do it."

"Hahahaha, Elder Jiuling, your current way of thinking is really becoming more and more like a member of the Blood Killing Sect. We all think the same way. Even if we can't deal with those guys, there are still As for the sect master, the sect master can definitely deal with those guys. As long as we follow the sect master and go all the way, we will live forever, we will definitely do it." Shang Zhiyun couldn't help laughing when he heard what Jiuling Lao said.

When Elder Jiuling and Emperor Shitian heard what Shang Yunzhi said, they couldn't help but be startled, and then they both laughed. Shang Yunzhi stopped after a while, and then said: "We want to follow you all the time. As the Sect Master continues, he must not fall behind. If he wants not to fall behind, he must improve his strength. You don’t know that the Sect Master already has some elders who cannot keep up with the Sect Master. I don’t want you to fall behind, so work hard. Practice.”

When Jiuling Lao and Emperor Shitian heard what he said, they were all shocked. They believed that Shang Yunzhi did not lie to them. They had seen the history of the Blood Killing Sect and knew that the Blood Killing Sect came from the lower world, or even the lower world. After fighting all the way, and having traveled such a long way, the top masters of the Blood Killing Sect only have a few core elders. This is obviously unreasonable. After so many battles, the Blood Killing Sect’s top masters only have the core elders. There should be more masters, why are there only so few? Now they almost understand, because some people fell behind. After those people fell behind, they could no longer keep up with the Blood Killing Sect team, and they could only be eliminated in the end. They did not ask Shang Yunzhi where the eliminated people were. There, because in their opinion, those who are eliminated are not worthy of sympathy. As a monk, with such a good training environment, but they are eliminated in the end, they can only blame themselves.