c7754 learn

Wen Wenhai has been discussing this issue for a long time, but there is no result. After all, they have not gone to Wanshan Realm. Now everything can only stay at the stage of speculation, so everything has to wait until they arrive at Wanshan Realm. He said, so Wen Wenhai and the others stopped discussing it and were just preparing to enter the Wanshan Realm. .

In order to know more about the situation in Wanshan Realm, Wen Wenhai directly invited Fajing and others to his room. As soon as Fajing and the others arrived, Wen Wenhai said to Fajing: "Fajing, the former sect master I have asked you a lot about things in Wanshan Realm and asked you to make reports. But here, I almost need to ask you one thing now. Regarding things in Wanshan Realm, I know that you are all Wanshan. People from the Wanshan Realm, you all have your own sects in the Wanshan Realm, but I am certain that you may not be able to go back to your sects. Some of your sects have entered the Black and White Battlefield before. , but nothing happened to them. As soon as they arrived at your place, something suddenly happened. I think even if you go back, it will be difficult for your sect to explain, and you also know the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. I don’t think you want to go back to your sect anymore, right?”

Wen Wenhai's words were actually a blow to Fajing and the others. Wen Wenhai was not worried about Gongsun Yulong. Gongsun Yulong himself was a casual cultivator. He did not join any sect, so even if he returned to Wanshan Realm, he would not be worried. Without a place to go, he probably wouldn't leave the Blood Killing Sect, but Fajing and the others are a little different. Fajing and the others all have sects in Wanshan Realm, and they don't care about their own sect. They all have feelings. If they get hot-headed and return to their own sect after arriving at Wanshan Realm, it will be even more troublesome. Therefore, Wen Wenhai feels that it is necessary to give Fajing and the others a beating.

When Fa Jing and the others heard what Wen Wenhai said, they stood up quickly. Fa Jing saluted Wen Wenhai and said, "Please don't worry, Elder Wen. We will never return to our sect. They are kind to us, and following the sect master, we are more likely to embark on the road to immortality. Why should we go back? As you said, some people from our sect have entered the Black and White Battlefield before, and they have lived there. It was fine, but when we got here, it turned out like this. They must know that we already knew the secrets of the Black and White Battlefield, and we didn’t want to make the same choice as them, so we ended up where we are today. If we return to our sect, we will only die. You must know that some of those people are already in high positions. It is already very simple to deal with us." Several other people also nodded, and they also It all means this. It is impossible for them to return to their sect now. If they return to their sect, they will really only die.

Wen Wenhai nodded, then he glanced at a few people, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, as long as you understand this, don't worry, as long as you remain loyal to the sect, I think the sect will never give up on you. At that time, we can follow the sect master and live forever together. The reason why I came to you this time is really to ask you about the things in Wanshan Realm, that is, about the magic formation in Wanshan Realm. Can you tell me carefully? Tell me, how powerful is the magic circle in Wanshan Realm, how powerful is their magic circle compared to ours, and what areas do we need to improve on."

This is what Wen Wenhai came up with. The best way to deal with the people in Wanshan Realm is the magic circle technique. The Blood Killing Sect's magic circle technique has really never been afraid of anyone, so Wen Wenhai I feel that they may have three advantages over the people in Shangwanshan Realm. One is the number of disciples. As Wen Wenhai said, the number of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is large, although the number of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect may not be as high as that of some large sects. There are many people, but the number of disciples who can fight is definitely more than those of the big sects, so in terms of the number of disciples, the Blood Killing Sect is absolutely superior.

The second is the magic circle. The Blood Killing Sect's magic circle has been developing very well. From the ordinary flat magic circle at the beginning, to the three-dimensional magic circle later, to the current spherical magic circle, there are all kinds of different magic circles. The magic circle of the Blood Killing Sect can be assembled and used by him, and it is very powerful. Therefore, Wen Wenhai is still very confident in the Blood Killing Sect's magic circle.

The third is Zhao Hai. In Wen Wenhai's view, no matter how strong the various sects in Wanshan Realm are or how strong the masters there are, there will definitely be no one stronger than Zhao Hai. Therefore, Zhao Hai has arrived in Wanshan Realm. There is definitely a top powerhouse in the Mountain Realm, so Zhao Hai is the strongest point when the Blood Killing Sect faces the Ten Thousand Mountain Realm.

Zhao Hai cannot take this lightly. Although he has an advantage in terms of the number of disciples, he cannot always use this advantage. Therefore, Wen Wenhai feels that if he wants to gain a foothold in the Wanshan Realm, he can only use their magic formations. Advantages, only by taking advantage of their array can they truly defeat the enemy.

If they want to take advantage of their magic formation, they must know the situation of the magic formation in Wanshan Realm. Only by knowing this can they truly give full play to their advantages, so he still attaches great importance to this. , then I called Fajing and the others over, firstly to give them a beating, and secondly to ask them how the magic circle in Wanshan Realm was like.

As soon as he heard that Wen Wenhai was asking about this, Fajing immediately said: "Amitabha, Elder Wen, you are asking this. This is actually very simple. Although the magic circle technique in Wanshan Realm is also very good, but There is no way to compare with our Blood Killing Sect. To be honest, after seeing the magic circle technique of our Blood Killing Sect, and looking at the magic circle technique in Wanshan Realm, there is really no way to compare. "

Shi Jin also nodded and said: "Yes, the magic formation technique in Wanshan Realm is not developing very fast. Although there are magic formations like teleportation formations, and some defensive formations, attack formations, magic formations, etc." There are all kinds of formations, even magic formations like the Mountain Protection Formation. However, the ability of those magic formations is really far from the magic formation of our Blood Killing Sect. If it is really compared to the magic formation alone, In terms of magic, our Blood Killing Sect’s magic formation is really much stronger than the magic formation in Wanshan Realm.”

Hearing what the two said, Wen Wenhai also breathed a sigh of relief. He turned to look at the two of them and said, "Okay, if that's really the case, that would be great. By the way, didn't you say that there are people in Wanshan Realm? A mountain-protecting formation? It will also emit mist and block the entire sect's mountains. How powerful are those formations?"

Shi Jin shook his head and said: "No, the power of those magic formations is actually not very good. Most of those magic formations are a kind of illusion formation, and it is also a relatively elementary magic formation. Of course, this elementary level is based on our blood. According to the standards of killing sects, their magic circle is not very powerful. It mainly blocks other people's sight to prevent more secrets of the sect from being discovered. The attack power and defense power of the magic circle, In fact, it can only be regarded as average.”

Fa Jing nodded, and then said: "Yes, the attack power and defense power of that magic circle are indeed very average. In fact, in Wanshan Realm, people emphasize more on the power of magic. For magic, The formation has always been ignored and even suppressed. As for why this is the case, I really don’t know.”

Shi Jin also said in a deep voice: "That's true. I remember that in Wanshan Realm, there used to be several sects that specialized in magic formations. However, under the pressure of the major sects, they were all wiped out. , The people in Wanshan Realm don't seem to want the magic circle to develop, so if we go to Wanshan Realm and focus on the magic circle, then the people there will probably suppress us, regardless of whether we are Not outsiders, they’re all the same.”

Wen Wenhai nodded and said in a deep voice: "If it seems that after arriving at Wanshan Realm, we must be careful at all times, otherwise, we will be the unlucky ones. Well, if you know this, That’s it, you can go back, I think it won’t be long before we go to Wanshan Realm.”

Shi Jin and Fa Jing responded, and then they all saluted Wen Wenhai, then turned and left. After they left, Wen Wenhai turned to Chang Jun next to him and said, "Old Chang, you Do you think Fajing and the others are telling the truth? Now that I have gone to Wanshan Realm, I feel a little worried about them."

Chang Jun thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "I think they should be telling the truth. They should be very clear that they cannot return to their sect. They also know the strength of our Blood Killing Sect. Now After our Blood Killing Sect reaches Wanshan Realm, even if it is not the strongest sect, I am afraid it will not be weaker than any major sect. In this case, they will never leave the sect. Anyway, we It seems that no normal person will leave the sect."

Zhu Yong also nodded and said: "Yes, I think so too. If I were them, I would never leave the sect, but I must also guard against people from their sect contacting them. If they happen to If our sect's affairs are revealed, it will not do any good for us, so it is better to be careful. Leave this matter to me. I would rather be a villain than let the sect appear. what is the problem."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "Okay, I'll leave this matter to you. Lao Zhu, I feel sorry for you. You have to keep an eye on everything in the sect these years. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't know about the sect." What will become of you now, and if you tell the truth about what you did, you will be looked down upon by others, I really feel wronged to you."

Zhu Yong smiled slightly and said: "Why are you being polite to me? This is what I should do. In fact, I am already very high-profile now. According to my original intention, I should always hide in the dark, but Young Master I have always felt that if I was kept hiding in the darkness, it would be really wronging me, so I asked me to be more high-profile, and at the same time it could scare some people in the sect, so I behaved a little In fact, I don’t think it’s necessary to be high-profile. After so many years, I really haven’t found anyone who wants to betray the sect.”