c7756 Shock

Bai Yan also nodded and said: "Yes, the material used for this Buddha seems to be of a very high grade. Although I don't know what material it is made of, it must not be gold. The gold is just the gold pieces that were attached later. Well, the material inside must be of a very high grade, because this material can completely block our mental power, and it seems to have strong conductivity." As he spoke, he input into the big Buddha With a trace of magic power, the giant Buddha immediately glowed with soft golden light, looking very beautiful.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Yes, it is very beautiful, but what is really precious about this Buddha is not this, but that it is actually a Tibetan Scripture Pavilion." After saying this, Zhao Hai looked at the Buddha carefully. Finally, he flew to the chest of the big Buddha and took a look at the Buddha seal. After looking at it carefully, Zhao Hai smiled slightly and then began to chant sutras. With his voice, the Buddha seal began to rotate with the sound. With the rotation of the Buddha's seal, one of the petals on the lotus throne of the Buddha's lower base suddenly moved and slowly rose up, revealing a hole inside.

Then Zhao Hai stopped chanting sutras and landed at the entrance of the cave. Baiyan and Old Man Jiusuan also followed Zhao Hai. The three of them entered the entrance of the cave directly. As soon as they entered the entrance of the cave, they discovered that there was something inside. It is a large space, and this space is very strange. Once you enter, you will see a large cylindrical space. This space is very tall. From where they stand to the top, it is probably nearly a thousand meters. High, and the walls of this cylindrical space are all covered with huge bookshelves layer by layer, and those bookshelves are filled to the brim with all kinds of books.

Zhao Hai and the three of them were all shocked. Speaking of which, the Blood Killing Sect also has a lot of books. They also have a large storage space, but the books in the Blood Killing Sect don't seem to be as many as here. How could Zhao Hai and the others not be surprised? Zhao Hai used his spiritual power to scan the books in this space, but suddenly he was a little disappointed, because he found that most of these books were Buddhist scriptures, with only a few Part of it was the secret book of the Jade Buddha Temple's exercises, which made Zhao Hai a little disappointed.

Then Zhao Hai waved his hand and took a thread-bound book that looked very ancient and had a hard shell on the outside. However, when he saw the words on the thread-bound book clearly, he was stunned. , his eyes revealed a look of disbelief, and his hands began to tremble uncontrollably.

The reason why Zhao Hai lost his composure was entirely because he was shocked by the few small words on the book. The words in the book were divided into two vertical rows, and there was a row of words in the upper right corner, which read "Diamond Sutra". Under the simple big characters, there are three small characters which are "compiled by Bu Chi". Zhao Hai can still accept this. What surprised Zhao Hai the most is that in the lower left corner of the book, there is a row of small characters written, "Kyoto Yanyun" Publishing house, how could Zhao Hai not be surprised when he saw these words.

He knew very well what this row of small characters represented. He used to be a person who loved books very much, and he knew this Kyoto Yanyun Publishing House. It was a publishing house in the capital of China. He had bought this publishing house before. When he saw a few words on the cover of the book, how could he not understand what was going on? This book turned out to be a book published by China on Earth. In an instant, he felt a huge impact and rushed into the book. When it came to Zhao Hai's head, Zhao Hai really didn't know what to say, he was completely stunned.

Long-lasting memories suddenly appeared in his mind, reminding him of his true origin. Unknowingly, he couldn't help but burst into tears. With trembling hands, he opened the book. On the second page of the book, , with the name of the publishing house, everything is no different from the books on earth, and the things on the third page made Zhao Hai collapse almost instantly, because on the third page, in what edition of printing, etc. lettering, and even pricing.

As soon as he saw this, he was absolutely sure that this book was printed by Huaxia Publishing House, but he didn't quite understand why these books appeared here. What was going on? When he thought of this, he calmed down instantly. He wiped the tears on his face and turned to look at Baiyan and Old Man. At this time, both of them looked at Zhao Hai with shocked faces. Obviously, They also didn't understand why Zhao Hai behaved like this.

Zhao Hai looked at the two people, smiled bitterly and said: "This book may have come from a place I know, so I was a little excited to see this book. Take a look and see if there are any different books here. Go and have a look." The two of them responded, immediately flew up, and looked around. Although the two of them could directly use their mental power to check the bookshelf, they found that Zhao Hai attached great importance to these books. , the two of them also paid attention to it. Although they were observing with their mental strength, they still looked at the books on the bookshelf themselves.

Soon, they saw some different books on one of the rows of bookshelves. Many of the books on other bookshelves were duplicates. Those duplicate books were all placed by people from the Jade Buddha Temple. At the same time, the layout and fonts of those books were almost the same. They were really curious about how those books were made to be all the same.

Finally, they observed a bookshelf. The books on that bookshelf were different from the books on other bookshelves. The books on that bookshelf, whether in font or format, were different from the books on other bookshelves. Even two books. The formats and fonts were all different. They checked it immediately and finally found that those different books were all written by different people, because they all had different names written on the covers of the books.

But the books on the bookshelf were all some exercises, or Buddhist scriptures, and some were commentaries on exercises and Buddhist scriptures. There was nothing special, but the two of them still showed those books to Zhao Hai. , but at this time, Zhao Hai looked carefully at the thread-bound book in his hand and touched it gently with his hand. The expression on his face was indescribably special.

After Bai Yan and Old Man Jiusuan took the books, Zhao Hai put the books in his hands back on the bookshelf. Then he took the books in their hands, took a look, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, these books It should be someone from the Temple of the Emerald Buddha who wrote it himself. I'm going to see if there are any higher-level secret books on exercises, and also, see if there is any record of how the Temple of the Emerald Buddha obtained these books." The two of them responded. , took action immediately, but in the end the two of them were a little disappointed. Although there were many secrets on the skills, the level of the skills was not high, and there was no record of the origin of those books.

When Zhao Hai heard what the two said, he couldn't help but frowned. Then he glanced around, then released his mental strength and carefully checked the space. Finally, he flew up suddenly and reached the cylindrical space. On the top of this cylindrical space, there is a Buddha seal. The Buddha seal is emitting white light, illuminating the entire space. Zhao Hai took a careful look at the Buddha seal, and then placed his hand in the middle of the Buddha seal. Pressing hard, with his movements, the Buddha seal immediately shrank in, and then another cylindrical space appeared above Zhao Hai's head.

Zhao Hai took a look at the space and found that the cylindrical space above was much smaller than the cylindrical space below. There were also some bookshelves in this space, and they were all reading books. He used his mental power to Zhao, I immediately discovered that these books were all written by people from the Emerald Buddha Temple.

Zhao Hai's mental power then swept away, but he still didn't find what he wanted. He flew upwards and reached the top of the cylindrical space. There was still a Buddha seal there. He pressed on the Buddha seal, and the Buddha seal appeared on the top of the cylindrical space. Once they separated, a smaller space was revealed. In this space, there were also bookshelves, but there were fewer bookshelves, and the books on the bookshelves also looked very old. Zhao Hai swept them away with his mental power. A smile appeared on his face, and then he came directly to a row of bookshelves. Soon he stretched out his hand and pulled out a book from the bookshelf. It was a very thick book with animal markings on the outside. It is made of leather. It seems that the inside is also made of animal skin, but it is very well made. The outer animal skin is very hard and thick, but the animal skin used for the inner pages is very thin, very soft, and very soft. white.

Zhao Hai opened the book, but unexpectedly discovered that the book turned out to be a diary. He saw that it read: "On Yihai, Dingyou month, Wuxu year, today is another boring day. That damn Xie Gu in the sect Yun is here to cause trouble for me again. I really don’t understand. He is also a servant of the sect and joined the sect together. Why does he have to cause trouble for me? Is it because I am thinner than him? Humph, just wait. When I become stronger one day, I will make him look good." This diary is very short, sometimes it is just one sentence, sometimes it is just a few sentences, and it is all about daily life, nothing special. The place.

This made Zhao Hai even more curious. He really didn't expect that there were actually people who would keep diaries in the world of cultivation, and they would also keep diaries using this calligraphy style. This is really It was very strange, but Zhao Hai was not in a hurry. He began to read the diary slowly, and soon he got the answer from the diary.

The person writing this diary is a commoner in Wanshan Realm. His father is a commoner who makes a living by farming and hunting, and his mother takes care of their family. It is an ordinary civilian family, and this person writes People who keep diaries like to write since they were children, and later they even like to write down some things. However, they don’t know how to make jade slips, so they can only buy them. Jade slips are very expensive, and they can’t afford them. In the end His father came up with a way to tantalize the skins and then let him write on the skins. Gradually, he developed the habit of writing diaries, and these skins were all his It was made by himself. As for the grinding, he made it slowly by himself. It was made of animal blood and some other things.

And this person should have joined a sect named Tieshan Sect and became a servant of this sect. Because he has a good talent, he has this qualification. He is often bullied and is the kind of timid and afraid of getting into trouble. people.