c7753 strength

"Is the fertility pill really that easy to use? Can everyone use it?" Zhao Hai looked at Fa Jing and asked. The reason why he asked this was because he knew very well that Laura and the others actually wanted to use it. They want a child, but I don’t know why. Laura and the others have never been pregnant. If those fertility pills are really effective, then they can give Laura and the others some.

Fajing didn't know what Zhao Hai meant. He thought that Zhao Hai was asking for the population of the Blood Killing Sect, so he looked at this question. You must know that although the population of the Blood Killing Sect is large, but compared to the Blood Killing Sect, In terms of area, their population is really not that large. In Wanshan Realm, some larger sects may not have much less population than the Blood Killing Sect, but in Wanshan Realm, the population of some larger sects may not be much smaller than that of the Blood Killing Sect. Although its area is larger than that of the Blood Killing Sect, it is a large sect but its area is definitely not as large as that of the Blood Killing Sect. Therefore, Zhao Hai has been worried about the population. This is known to all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

So Fa Jing didn't think much about it. He just shook his head and said: "No, Sect Master, that kind of fertility pill is only effective for common people. It is of little use to those nobles. For some powerful monks, then Needless to say, it is useless at all. Although the number of disciples of our Blood Killing Sect is similar to that of a large sect in Wanshan Realm, the strength of our Blood Killing Sect’s disciples is stronger than those of those large sects. More. The population of those large sects must include civilians, and the strength of those civilians is absolutely incomparable to that of our disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, the specific population of those large sects is also No one knows, because no one knows how many disciples they really have. The life of a monk is very long. Those large sects will recruit a group of disciples every few years, and the mortality rate of their disciples is not very high. Therefore, the number of disciples from those big sects should be quite large."

Zhao Hai nodded, then waved his hand and asked Fa Jing to sit down. After Fa Jing sat down, Zhao Hai said to Fa Jing and Shi Jin: "After you go back, you must write a report and report your You know, write down everything about the situation in Wanshan Realm, the more detailed it is, the better.”

Fa Jing and Shi Jin all responded, and Zhao Hai turned to the others and said: "I think everyone knows the situation in Wanshan Realm. The place where we appear may be an endless abyss. But when we appear there, we may be discovered by people from the Shadow Clan and Wanshan Realm. If one of them fails, both of them will attack us together. So once we really appear at the Sword of the Abyss, we have to The first thing to do is to immediately destroy the iron rope on the Sword of the Abyss. After we slowly recover, we will find a way to enter the Wanshan Realm."

Regarding this, the people of the Blood Killing Sect do not object. Although Fa Jing said that there is a turbulent flow of energy in the endless abyss, the people of the Blood Killing Sect don't really care. In their view, even if there is So what if the energy flows turbulently, nothing can stop them. They have this confidence, even Fa Jing and the others are the same, so they did not object to Zhao Hai's words.

Zhao Hai looked at the faces of everyone, and then said: "The specific situation in Wanshan Realm can only be known after going there and seeing it. When we listen to this now, we are just knowing it well, and we don't know nothing. , and directly entered the Wanshan Realm, so the situation in the Wanshan Realm will come here first, and then we must discuss the matters at the main interface of the Tianlong Babu Realm."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "I think that we may not encounter any attacks on the main interface of the Tianlong Babu Realm, but it is better to be careful, so we still follow the previous The method is to go to the main interface through the space channel and see what's going on there. Then we enter the main interface. If we really don't encounter attacks there, it's easy. We can merge directly. That’s it, if you encounter an attack, just do the same as before, capture that area first, and then merge the borders, everyone understands, right?”

Everyone said in unison: "Yes, Sect Master, we understand." Of course, there is nothing to say. This was their original plan. When they entered the main interface and encountered an attack, they directly killed the people there. , and then take down the main interface. If there is no attack, it will be even simpler. You can just merge the borders directly, so naturally no one will object.

Zhao Hai saw that everyone nodded, and then he said: "Okay, I don't care about the specific time of action. You can just do it. It's up to you to arrange Wen Hai's matter, but let everyone Disciples, be prepared for battle. Even if we don’t encounter attacks on the main interface, we will soon enter the Wanshan Realm. After arriving at the Wanshan Realm, what kind of attacks will we encounter? It’s hard to say.”

Wen Wenhai responded, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, then waved his hands and said: "Okay, let's all disperse." After saying that, he moved and turned around to leave. Everyone stood up and faced Zhao Hai. Hai saluted, and then everyone left, but Wen Wenhai called Chang Jun and Zhu Yong into his room.

After the three of them arrived in Wen Wenhai's room, Wen Wenhai said: "Old Chang, Lao Zhu, what do you think about what Fa Jing said today about the things in Wanshan Realm? What's going on in Wanshan Realm? The specific situation is more complicated than we imagined. I just heard it briefly mentioned by Fajing and the others before. I thought that Wanshan Realm was where various sects existed. I didn't expect that there were civilians and nobles there. , there is a country, and finally the sect. In this case, the situation will be too complicated, and we must be prepared."

Chang Jun nodded and said in a deep voice: "This situation is indeed beyond our imagination. There are so many civilians in Wanshan Realm. This matter is not easy to handle, and there are so many civilians in Wanshan Realm." The strength of each sect may be greater than we imagine, so we must be careful."

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "In fact, I think that the situation in Wanshan Realm is both a good thing and a bad thing for us. I say it is a good thing because there are many sects in Wanshan Realm. Civilians, as long as we can conquer a sect, then we will have a lot of population to replenish, and the population of our Blood Killing Sect will increase. This is definitely a good thing for us, and it is a bad thing to say it. , just because, if it turns out to be the case in Wanshan Realm, it means that the area occupied by the Shadow Clan is also in the same situation, and the Shadow Clan has occupied that area for a long time. They Now they should have turned all the people in the area they occupied into Shadow Clan members, and the training speed of those Shadow Clan people should be faster than the training speed of various sects in Wanshan Realm. In other words, When we arrive at Wanshan Realm, we will encounter a more powerful Shadow Clan."

Neither Chang Jun nor Wen Wenhai had thought of this, so when they heard what Zhu Yong said, they were all stunned. Then their expressions also changed. They finally understood the seriousness of the problem. If Wanshan Realm If the Shadow Clan there are very powerful, then they must be careful. Those Shadow Clan are definitely their sworn enemies. The most important thing is that those Shadow Clan know this, so the Shadow Clan in Wanshan Realm are , fearing to become their biggest and most powerful enemy.

After a while, Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "You are right, this situation is indeed very possible. If this happens, our troubles will only be greater. Damn it, if those Shadow Clan people really If they controlled half of the original area of ​​Wanshan Realm, their current population would be a very scary number. You must know that those Shadow Clan people can also give birth to new Shadow Clan people. The current Shadow Clan population will be It will be a very scary number. If it is really calculated like this, then the strength of the Shadow Clan must exceed that of the sects in the Wanshan Realm, right? Why haven't they taken action against the sects in the Wanshan Realm yet? This is a bit Strange."

Chang Jun said in a deep voice: "It must be because the sects in the Wanshan Realm have some hidden power, and this hidden power is what makes those Shadow Clan people very afraid. They are not sure that they can control the sects in the Wanshan Realm." All the doors were closed, so they didn't activate it. This situation is still very possible."

Zhu Yong said solemnly: "I think so too. Don't forget that the big sects in Wanshan Realm should all have inner space magic weapons. The power of that kind of inner space magic circle is not small, and One thing is that people like Fa Jing and others are not high-level people in their sect. They should not know some of the core secrets of the sect. And Elder Gongsun Yulong, although he is very powerful, he is A casual cultivator, he has not joined any sect, so he cannot know the core secrets of each sect, so we still know nothing about the core secrets of each sect in Wanshan Realm."

Chang Jun nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That should be the case, but what kind of power would make the Shadow Clan people very afraid? We all know the strength of the Shadow Clan people, they can conquer half of the Wanshan Realm. territory, it means that their strength is definitely very strong. After so many years, the strength of the Shadow Clan will definitely become more powerful. The Shadow Clan is a whole, but the various sects in the Wanshan Realm are scattered. Even if they If they can unite to fight against the Shadow Clan, they may not be able to become a family. Therefore, if the war really starts, the alliance of the sects in the Wanshan Realm will definitely not be the opponent of the Shadow Clan. In this case , and it can also make the Shadow Clan people not dare to move randomly, this kind of power must be very powerful."

Wen Wenhai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "If it is just an inner space magic weapon, I think it is unlikely, because the Shadow Clan has wiped out so many sects in the Wanshan Realm, and it is impossible for them to even have an inner space magic weapon. None of them got it. They must have obtained the inner space magic weapon. With the inner space magic weapon, they can fight against the inner space magic weapon of various sects in Wanshan Realm. In this case, they still did not mess around. So what is the power that each sect in Wanshan Realm has?"