c7751 Wanshanjie

The one-year training time passed quickly. In this year, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can be said to have been completely transformed. Those who were originally from the Sea Clan and the Heavenly Realm have now completely integrated into the Blood Killing Sect. Now, they are all proud of being disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Even if they are allowed to return to the previous situation, it is absolutely impossible. Needless to say, they themselves will not agree.

Facts have also proved that Wen Wenhai's approach was very correct. They brought some high-level officials from the Celestial and Human Realm and the Sea Clan to the time acceleration area to practice. Those people from the Hai Clan and Celestial Realm outside, they really The only thing is that there is no leader. In this case, the people of the Heavenly Realm and the Sea Clan will naturally become closer to the Blood Killing Sect, and will be more willing to join the Blood Killing Sect and become their disciples. That’s why there are Such a reaction.

Wen Wenhai and the others are very happy with their current performance. They know very well that people from the Heavenly Realm and the Sea Clan are the real disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and they can use these disciples with confidence in the future. , the rest time of the Blood Killing Sect this year is really very important.

A year later, all the people who entered the time acceleration zone to practice also came out of the time acceleration zone. Emperor Shitian and the others naturally came out, but after they came out, they immediately went into seclusion. Emperor Shitian was in his own He was in retreat in the room, but Elder Jiuling went to Daozi Mountain to retreat.

At this time, the time when the Blood Killing Sect enters the main interface of the Tianlong Babu Realm has also been mentioned on the schedule. The Blood Killing Sect still attaches great importance to this matter, so all the core elders start from the time acceleration area. After coming out, Zhao Hai directly called all the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect to the main hall to discuss how to enter the time acceleration zone.

After everyone arrived in the main hall, Zhao Hai came to the main hall. All the core elders stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, nodded, and then sat on the main seat. , then he glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Except for the people in retreat, everyone is here. I called everyone here today just to talk about entering the main interface of the Eight Tribes of Tianlong. We Originally, I thought that there were only eight interfaces in the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons, but now it seems that there should be a main interface, and this main interface may be the most important to the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons."

Everyone nodded. In fact, when they heard Gongsun Yulong say that the inner space of the Jade Buddha Temple he saw was a string of Buddhist beads composed of nine beads, the people of the Blood Killing Sect had already had this idea. , so when they heard Zhao Hai say this, they were not surprised.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "None of us know what this main interface looks like, but one thing is certain. If we take down this main interface, we in the Tianlong Babu Realm will Things are coming to an end, so next we have to prepare for what happens after entering the Wanshan Realm. Fa Jing, tell me where you entered the Black and White Battlefield. If we Once you get out from there, you will most likely appear there.”

Fa Jing stood up and responded. Then he said in a deep voice: "Before talking about this position, please allow me to introduce the situation in the Lower Wanshan Realm. The Wanshan Realm was originally one, and Wanshan , is just a general term. In fact, there are far more than 10,000 mountains in the Wanshan Realm. The area of ​​the Wanshan Realm is very huge. In real terms, the area of ​​the Wanshan Realm is larger than our Xuanwu Space. Much bigger.”

Upon hearing what Fa Jing said, everyone was stunned, and then couldn't help but take a breath. They didn't know how big the Wanshan Realm was, but they knew how big the Xuanwu Space was. The Wanshan Realm was bigger than the Xuanwu Space. If it was bigger, it would be amazing, so everyone looked at Fa Jing in surprise.

Fa Jing said in a deep voice: "The Wanshan Realm is actually just a name. If we really count, it is actually more appropriate to call it the Wanguo Realm. In the Wanshan Realm, what is really called a mountain is In fact, they are all mountains above Wanshan. Mountains below 10,000 meters are not called mountains. The number of mountains above 10,000 meters is definitely more than 100,000. This only counts the Wanshan realm. The mountains on the mainland do not include some of the big islands in the sea.”

"The divisions in the Wanshan Realm are very weird. Every mountain can be said to be a mountain range, and each mountain range is almost completely independent. Only the highest peaks on those mountain ranges are called mountains. Others No place in the world would be called a mountain, and this situation has also formed the ruling class in Wanshan Realm."

"In the Wanshan Realm, the ruling class is divided according to the height of the mountain. The lowest level of ordinary people live on the plains. Although they also practice, they practice the most crude skills. Except for It can make you more powerful, and apart from knowing some simple spells, it has no fighting power at all."

"Some people sitting on a mountain about a thousand meters high are small nobles, and these small nobles are the actual rulers of an area. These rulers are basically family units. They control an area. The skills they practice are much better than those of ordinary people. They can fly and have certain combat effectiveness. They are also the lowest ruling class in Wanshan Realm."

"People who live on hills with a height of one thousand meters to five thousand meters are called big nobles. These big nobles rule a larger area. Generally, each big noble will rule many small nobles, and those small nobles will You must listen to the big nobles. If they dare not listen, the big nobles can deal with them at will."

"People who live at an altitude of 5,000 to 8,000 meters are called royal family. They are the people who manage all the small nobles and big nobles under a sect. Their status is already very high. They have practiced Among the exercises, some unique exercises have appeared, and these exercises can also use the Dharma Appearance, and only people above the royal family can use the Dharma Appearance, and the area ruled by this royal family is called a country."

"People who live on the mountain at a height of 8,000 to 10,000 meters are called disciples of the Lower Court. Some of the big sects. These disciples of the Lower Court will also form gangs. They will manage and monitor the royal family, and they The techniques they practice are generally unique to that sect, but within the sect, they are just like our outer disciples of the Blood Killing Sect and cannot be considered formal disciples."

"Those who live on mountains above 10,000 meters are the formal disciples and elders of that sect, and they are also the location of that sect. However, ordinary small sects usually only have one mountain above 10,000 meters. , there can only be five mountains above eight thousand meters below, and can only manage five gangs at most. Each gang can only manage one country at most. In other words, a small sect can only manage five royal families at most, and some A medium-sized sect usually has about five hills above Ten Thousand Mountains, while a large sect usually has more than ten hills. For now, the largest sect in the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm should be Tianxuan Sect, Tianxuan Sect has thirty-six mountains above Ten Thousand Mountains, which are called Tiangang Thirty-six Stars. They are also the most powerful sect in the entire Wanshan Realm."

"In the Wanshan Realm, the number of sects definitely exceeds 10,000. No one can really tell how many there are, because there is a very strange phenomenon in the Wanshan Realm. There, in a sect, if there is a strong master who can open a sect, then there will be a mountain in their sect that can grow taller and become a mountain with more than ten thousand spirits. If there are some who can open a sect When the masters of the Li sect become immortal, there will be a mountain that lowers its height to less than 10,000 meters. Therefore, how many masters a sect has can be seen from the mountains above 10,000 meters owned by their sect. .”

"It is precisely because of this that the sects in Wanshan Realm have one characteristic. They will arrange mountain protection formations outside their core mountains to protect the sect, and those mountain protection formations will also rise. The fog makes people outside not know how many mountains above 10,000 meters this sect has. Of course, some large sects will not do this. They can tell others clearly how many mountains they have, because each one reaches The lifespan of a powerful master who has established a sect is at least thirty-six thousand years. As long as he does not die, then they will be fine."

"There are many rivers in the Wanshan Realm. Under almost every high mountain, there is a big river with countless tributaries. Therefore, mountains and rivers generally do not become the dividing line in the Wanshan Realm. On the contrary, , some plain areas will actually become the dividing line between the forces of various sects in the Wanshan Realm."

"And in the Wanshan Realm, the biggest dividing line is actually the endless abyss. No one knows how deep this endless abyss is. No one who has heard of going down has ever come up, and this endless abyss is not It was originally formed by the people in the Wanshan Realm during the battle with the Shadow Clan. I heard that it was because there were too many masters fighting there and was affected by the strength of that master, so That’s where this endless abyss will appear.”

"The Endless Abyss has also divided the Wanshan Realm into two. The place with so many mountains I mentioned before is where the Wanshan Realm is now controlled by the major sects, and the other half is where the Shadow Clan people are. The place where the Shadow Clan people are is very mysterious, and we rarely know what is going on there."

"In this endless abyss, there is a place where a separate area appears, just like a small island in a big river. And the place where this small island is located is where you enter the black and white battlefield. There is also It is called the Sword of the Abyss because the place where the island is located looks like a long sword extending out of the abyss, so it has such a name. It has also become the capital of the Shadow Clan and the Wanshan Realm. I want to hold it in my hand, but no one can hold it in my hand, so it has become an area where many casual cultivators will be active."