c7758 Material

However, Zhao Haike is not in a hurry to merge the world. He knows that although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very good now, they can be said to be completely novices in the use of Dharma. In the Wanshan Realm, the real strength is The fighting power of the people is all generated by the Dharma. A monk who can use the Dharma is considered a real monk. Although in Wanshan Realm, the monks cannot use the Dharma for a long time, their Dharma is very powerful. is huge, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been unable to use their own Dharma in the space because of the influence of the Dharma in the inner space. Although they also use the Dharma, their Dharma is the blessing of the Dharma. This is still different from their own Dharma. This is a weakness of the Blood Killing Sect. Once the enemy catches this weakness, they may suffer some losses.

In addition to this matter, there is another thing that Zhao Hai is also very curious about, and that is the piles of powder on the square of the building complex. What are those things and how did they appear there? This makes Zhao Hai very curious. Hai was very puzzled, so he asked the people from Shenji Hall to transport those things back to Shenji Hall and let them study carefully what those powders were.

Zhao Hai feels that these matters must be dealt with before preparations for merging can be made. Preparations for merging are actually very important, and there are many things to prepare. The most important preparation is to establish laws on each interface. Formation to determine the control of those interfaces is completely in their hands. At the same time, Zhao Hai is still checking some historical information of the Jade Buddha Temple. He must first know how the interface of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon is. It can be refined and then merged.

And this time, the merger that Zhao Hai and the others want to carry out is not a single merger, but must be done twice. The first merger can also be said to be not a merger, but just a merger of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon. The refining of the bottom is completed, allowing the eight worlds of Tianlong to merge into one and become a real interface, and the final effect of this interface should be the pure land.

Zhao Hai has discovered this a long time ago. He discovered that the ultimate goal of the eight realms of Tianlong is to create a Buddhist pure land. This pure land may not be a true Buddhist pure land, but it will definitely have the same effect as a real pure land, because jade The materials used in the Buddhist temple are all of the highest quality. The most important thing is that Zhao Hai already knew the methods used when he saw the Jade Buddha Temple refining the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragon. Before they refined the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragon, All the materials have been consecrated, and those materials have been consecrated for a long time using Buddhist methods. They will not be refined until those materials have a trace of Buddha nature. It is precisely because of this that the Eight Parts of Demi-Gods and Dragons are The production cycle here in the world is also very long. It took several generations of the Jade Buddha Temple to finally make it what it is now. Unfortunately, they were wiped out before the final production was completed. Wow, it's such a pity.

And Zhao Hai must understand these before he can start refining. It is not an easy task to refine the eight realms of Tianlong into an overall interface. There are actually many things to prepare, and Zhao Hai also has to make some changes to the Eight Tribes of Heavenly Dragons according to his own needs.

Here in the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons, the Jade Buddha Temple originally had a setting, that is, people who are not from the Jade Buddha Temple cannot enter the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons. Of course, this must be completed in the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons. The effect will only appear after the production is completed. There is no such effect now.

But such an effect is not needed by Zhao Hai. He must make changes, because if the world of the Eight Heavenly Dragons has this effect, then none of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can even think of entering the world of the Eight Heavenly Dragons. . In order to achieve this, the people of the Jade Buddha Temple designed the Heavenly Dragons and the Eight Tribes as the protectors of this space. If anyone who is not from the Emerald Buddha Temple enters the realm of the Heavenly Dragons and Eight Tribes, that day the Dragons and the Eight Tribes will To attack that person, these must be changed. What Zhao Hai needs is a pure land without these rules and regulations.

To be honest, Zhao Hai still admires the people of the Jade Buddha Temple. Their idea is actually very genius. If he really succeeds, the dragon and eight tribes will definitely be a very powerful inner space magic weapon. , this magic weapon not only allows the people of the Jade Buddha Temple to practice inside, but also greatly improves their practice speed, and can also be used to fight against enemies. Once the Tianlong Babu Realm is completely completed, that day Long Ba The power of the tribe will also be greatly increased. When the time comes to use the Tianlong Babu against the enemy, ordinary people will really be unable to stop it.

Zhao Hai was not prepared to just get rid of all the guardians of the Eight Heavenly Dragons. It would be too wasteful. You must know that the Jade Buddha Temple collected materials that could withstand the consciousness of the Eight Heavenly Dragons, but it took a long time to finally get them. Those statues came out, so Zhao Hai prepared to use the Eight Heavenly Dragons Protector, but not in the Eight Heavenly Dragons Realm, but in the Xuanwu Space. Although the Xuanwu Space is his inner space, But he can also fight independently, and for now, the attack methods of Xuanwu Space are much worse than his own. This is something he must change.

The Eight Heavenly Dragons are actually a very good method to protect the Dharma. If used properly, the combat effectiveness of Xuanwu Island will increase at a time. You must know that the Blood Killing Sect’s magic circle is much stronger than that of the Jade Buddha Temple. , let the eight guardians of Tianlong be paired with the magic circle of the Blood Killing Sect, the power will definitely be very huge.

Just when Zhao Hai was studying these things, he suddenly found that someone contacted him. When he looked at the formation, he found that the person who contacted him was actually Wen Yu. This made Zhao Hai stunned, and then he immediately went to find Wen Yu. Yu Ming heard that Yu Ming was at Shenji Hall, so Zhao Hai went directly to Shenji Hall.

Just walked into Wen Yuming's laboratory, and found that there were many people in Wen Yuming's laboratory, and everyone looked very excited. Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel a little confused, but he still walked in. The people in the laboratory , all saw Zhao Hai, they immediately saluted to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai also nodded to them and returned the salute, then turned to look at Wen Yuming, wanting to hear his explanation.

Wen Yuming quickly came to Zhao Hai's side, bowed to Zhao Hai and said: "I have met the sect master, the sect master, it is amazing, it is amazing, we have an amazing discovery here." As he spoke, Zhao Hai came to a In front of the test bench, there are many instruments on that test bench. Those instruments are all very sophisticated instruments made by the Blood Killing Sect and are specially used for material analysis.

Zhao Hai saw that in addition to the instruments, there was also a small box with some powder inside. He recognized it at a glance. Those powders should be the ones on the square of the main interface building complex of the Jade Buddha Temple. Looking at Wen Yuming's expression, it was obvious that he was so excited because of the powder.

Zhao Hai was a little puzzled and said to Yu Ming: "Yu Ming, are you talking about those powders? What is the use of those powders? Tell me carefully." Zhao Hai knew very well that if it wasn't really special, He would never be so excited after hearing about something famous. He was the master of Shenji Hall and had seen countless good things. How could he be surprised by something ordinary? That's why he asked like this.

After hearing the name, he immediately said: "Sect Master, these powders are actually some ordinary materials. Except for a few of them, we have not yet analyzed what materials they are. The other materials have been analyzed. It was because of the analysis that we were so shocked. Sect Master, we found that those powders seemed to be things that we had decomposed in the space channel before, because a large part of those powders were us. The main component of blood gold is why we have this bold idea.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Yu Ming said, he was stunned at first, and then his face couldn't help but reveal a look of ecstasy. He immediately said: "What you said is true? How can you be sure of this?" Zhao Hai was very worried. Clearly, if what Wen Yuming said is true, then what this incident means to the Blood Killing Sect.

For many sects, waste of materials is inevitable, because all those who refine elixirs and magic weapons cannot guarantee 100% success, even those of the Blood Killing Sect, but the Blood Killing Sect’s The success rate is very high, especially after there is a real illusion.

Moreover, there are actually not many places where the Blood Killer Sect can waste materials. First of all, the Blood Killer Sect does not focus on elixirs. They can eat, so they don’t use many things, and naturally there are very few wasted materials. , and the other point is because they have blood gold, which is Foli metal. This metal can replace almost all metals, and it can deform and change size at will. Only the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have this metal. , there is no need for other magical weapons, so the Blood Killing Sect has no waste in terms of magical weapons. It can also be said that the waste is very little.

But before the Blood Killing Sect, there were many discarded magic weapons and many useless elixirs. Although Zhao Hai could take those things into his own space and use the universal analysis machine to analyze them. All the things were broken down, but he couldn't explain how to deal with those things, so he didn't do that. Instead, he packed up all those things using space, and then arranged a warehouse to unify them. It is packed inside, so there are still a lot of special materials like the Blood Killing Sect.

And Zhao Hai can be sure that other sects, no matter how big or small, have a lot of discarded things like this. The way ordinary sects deal with such things is to just throw them away in one place, and be a little more careful. Even if you put it in a unified place, it will be like a huge garbage dump. All discarded and unused things will be thrown there. No one will go there to look more, because those things are not available. If you use those things, not only will they not be of any help to you, they may also be harmful, so none of the sects will care about those things.