c7766 Imagine

The entire Blood Killing Sect seemed to have fallen silent all of a sudden. Everyone was busy with their own affairs. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were training, but their current training was very different from before. Their training before The training intensity is very high. Although actual combat training in a real illusion will not cause any real harm to the disciples' bodies, the feeling of fighting will make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel very energetic. They are very nervous, so after they conduct a practical training in the real illusion, they must rest for a few days before they can conduct the second game. This is very important. .

But the training they are doing now is relatively easy. They mainly train in the real illusion, how to use the Dharma. And this Dharma must be their own Dharma, not the Kung Fu blessing the Dharma. , although this kind of training is just a speculation based on theory, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very confident. He believes that this kind of Dharma training must be useful, because the real illusion has never let them down. .

Time passes day by day, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are still training non-stop. From the very beginning, they can bring out their own Dharma, until they can use the Dharma, and finally, when they do it, they can incarnate the energy outside themselves. Directly add it to your Dharma form, so that your Dharma form can absorb energy from it, making the Dharma form more powerful and able to last longer, all the way to actual combat training using the Dharma form. These all start, planned and step by step. in progress.

And the branch halls of Shenji Hall, Lingzhi Hall, and Spirit Beast Hall are all busy with their own affairs. Especially Shenji Hall, Lingzhi Hall, and Spirit Beast Hall often want to carry out the next step of training. , must cooperate with Shenjitang, because Shenjitang only has what they need for future research.

And Shenji Hall is the busiest now. They have obtained a lot of new materials and need to study them carefully. At the same time, they also need to study the magic circle combinations used in the magic images. What kind of magic combinations are the most reasonable? Of course , they also referred to the array combination used by Fajing and the others, and then conducted a large number of experiments.

At the same time, they also need to study the unique magic formations of various sects in Wanshan Realm, and they must understand what those magic formations are used for. Although their level of magic formations is not as good as that of Zhao Hai, their level of magic formations But it's not bad. They know very well that those magic formations may be very useful, although they don't know what the use of those magic formations is.

Moreover, they still have a lot of research that has not been completed before. Those researches are very important to them, such as the one that Yuan Kong created before during actual combat training, which combines the power of blood with magic. The method of getting up will further strengthen the power of the Dharma. This is what they need to study.

However, they found that the combination of bloodline and Dharma can only be used to strengthen the Dharma and cannot be used on their own Dharma. This makes them a little confused, so they are currently researching this matter. See See if you can combine the power of blood with your own method.

In addition to these, there is another thing that also attracted the attention of Zhao Hai and everyone in the Blood Killing Sect, especially those who heard about Yu Ming, because they heard from Fa Jing and the others that those sect-specific Dharma Arrays actually play a very important role. If you don’t add that unique array to your Dharma blessing array, then your Dharma form will be more powerful than one that adds this kind of Dharma array. It is much smaller and consumes much more energy. This makes Zhao Hai very puzzled. He doesn't know why this situation occurs. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai and Wen Yuming and others are not interested in this method. formation, you will be very interested.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are now very concerned about this matter. They take this matter very seriously, because almost all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have undergone blood fusion, which means that in their bodies, They all have the blood of a monster beast, which will make their physiques better and their strength stronger. When practicing physical cultivation techniques, they can get twice the result with half the effort, and the power of these bloods can still be activated. In other words, if necessary, they can also activate the blood of monsters in their bodies to make themselves stronger.

If the method that the Blood Killing Sect has been researching, which can combine the power of blood with the law, can really succeed, then it will not only benefit those who join the Blood Killing Sect from the heaven and human world, but also All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will benefit, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very concerned about this matter.

Zhao Hai didn't care about what was going on outside. Now he was spending every day studying with Laura and the others the Dharma Blessing Dharma Formation unique to the sects in the Wanshan Realm. Each sect's Dharma Appearance Blessing Dharma Formation was different. But this kind of magic circle seemed to come from the same system, which surprised Zhao Hai.

Soon, through Zhao Hai and the others' optical brain deduction, they already knew that the magic circle came from another magic formation system, but this magic formation system, and the magic formation system used by the Blood Killing Sect, can be said to be They are completely different, but there are many connections. Let's put it this way, if the array system used by Zhao Hai and others before is equivalent to literature, then this new array system is equivalent to mathematics. These two methods The formation systems may seem unrelated, but in fact they complement each other, just like the two legs of a civilization.

Such a discovery made Zhao Hai and Laura very surprised. In the past, they thought that there was only one magic circle system for monks, which was the magic circle system of heaven and earth runes and curse runes. Because of that The magic circle system represents one yin and one yang, and seems to include everything in the world.

But now they have discovered another completely different array system. Although this array system has a certain connection with the array system of the heaven and earth runes, it is absolutely independent. It was really weird and something they had never thought of before.

After discovering the characteristics of this array, Zhao Hai began to study the array system. The more he studied, the more he discovered that there were too many changes that this array system could bring. , can even produce countless changes, so many that it is impossible even if he wants to calculate them.

But Zhao Hai is not in a hurry. He has a lot of time, and most importantly, his computing power is not comparable to those people. In fact, Zhao Hai knows very well that although the Blood Killing Sect has developed Optical brain, but they have not fully developed the use of optical brain.

What is the optical brain? It is a tool that helps you perform calculations, but this tool has an ability, that is, it can be continuously upgraded. For example, the first optical brain, every second of it The number of calculations is only a few thousand, but this is already much faster than a human being. If your optical brain only focuses on upgrading the computer, it will slowly calculate countless data. Upgrade yourself, from software to hardware, so if the optical brain is really used to upgrade, then the optical brain will be upgraded very quickly.

The optical brain of the Blood Killing Sect has not been upgraded, because in Zhao Hai's opinion, there is no need for it. Now there are many optical brains of the Blood Killing Sect, and the computing power of the optical brain is also very powerful. There is no need at all. It is necessary to upgrade the optical brain, but now, after seeing this new magic circle, Zhao Hai feels that it may be necessary to upgrade the optical brain of the Blood Killing Sect.

However, Zhao Hai is not very worried about this, because he knows very well that in fact, his biological brains are supercomputers, but he did not use all the capabilities of those computers before. Now he needs to What they do is to use all the capabilities of those supercomputers.

Zhao Hai previously felt that the number of biological brains he had was enough, so he did not make more biological brains, but now he found that his biological brain was actually not very useful sometimes. Theoretically speaking, each brain is still an enlarged version of the human brain.

And how much brain development does a normal person have? The same is true for Zhao Hai's biological brain. It's really hard to say how much utilization of those biological brains, so Zhao Hai believes that it is necessary for him to develop his biological brain. After all, biological brain and optical brain are still the same. There is a certain difference.

Zhao Hai decided to give it a try. He planned to completely turn a biological brain into an optical brain, install some programs in it, use all the computing power of the entire biological brain, and then see what the result is. If the result is not If it's too good, then he will directly restore the biological brain to its current appearance. If the situation is better, then he will also develop other biological brains, so that his biological brain will be maximized. The limit has been strengthened.

It was precisely because of this idea that Zhao Hai went to retreat directly. He did not tell Laura and the others what he thought. Although Laura and the others also knew what a computer was and what programming was, Zhao Hai was afraid of fatigue. Pull them to secretly conduct experiments on their own. If it succeeds, it will be okay. If it fails, there may be some trouble.

He conducts experiments by himself, and no matter what happens, he can control it, but if something happens to Laura and the others during the experiment, he has no way to control it. Because of this, Zhao Hai cannot Dare to tell Laura and the others what they think.

Zhao Hai only said that he wanted to go into seclusion, but did not say what he was doing for seclusion. Laura and the others did not ask any more questions. Zhao Hai had gone into seclusion many times, so they did not need to worry about Zhao Hai, so Zhao Hai started to go into seclusion directly. Preparing to conduct his own experiment, he must test it out and see if this method is feasible. If it is feasible, then the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will probably need another auxiliary tool in the future, and it will also be a very powerful tool. It is an important auxiliary tool, so Zhao Hai also attaches great importance to this retreat.