c7764 iron bowl

Zhao Hai picked up the iron bowl with some curiosity. Although he had seen some of the things in this space for the first time, he could more or less guess their origins, like this mountain, this In fact, he had seen the sea before. After all, it was a combination of several interfaces, so the mountains and the sea were all things in the other interfaces.

As for the automatic recovery ability in this space, it can also be regarded as an upgraded version of the automatic refresh ability in the black and white battlefield. There is nothing to say about these. Only the iron bowl, Zhao Hai really can't think of this. What exactly is this thing and why does it appear here?

After carefully looking at the iron bowl, he found that it was very heavy. This iron bowl could be used as a weapon. There were no patterns on it, which made Zhao Hai even more strange. He really didn't know that this iron bowl What is it? But when Zhao Hai looked inside the iron bowl, he found something different. Inside the iron bowl, in the middle, there was a small black dot. The color of this small black dot was , much darker than the iron bowl. Although this small black spot is very small, it looks like it is alive, as if there is a black vortex inside, which is constantly rotating.

Except for this small black dot, there is really nothing special about this iron bowl. Zhao Hai felt that the secret of this iron bowl must be in this small dot in the iron bowl. With a thought in his mind, a wave of The mental power was directly input into the iron bowl. He did not directly touch the small dot in the iron bowl because he did not know what the small dot was, so he wanted to subdue the iron bowl. As long as he If he can refine this iron bowl into something of his own, then it will be clear what the little dot is used for.

His idea was really correct. When Zhao Hai's mental power was input into the iron bowl, the iron bowl really felt like it was being refined, but it was only a little bit. Zhao Hai It was found that this iron bowl seemed to be very difficult to refine, but Zhao Hai was not in a hurry and began to patiently refine the iron bowl.

But he didn't expect that it took him nearly two hours to refine the iron bowl. However, when Zhao Hai finally refined the iron bowl, he was breathless. At that moment, he was stunned because he finally knew what the iron bowl was for.

Zhao Hai has been shocked by the power of this space before. He has forgotten one very important thing, that is the decomposition ability in those space channels, and the iron bowl in his hand is used to decompose things. He It is just a decomposition weapon and cannot be used for fighting. Of course, if you have to use it to fight, it is not impossible. It can even be said that it is very powerful, but there is a prerequisite, that is, the opponent has to stand there. , waiting for you to put the iron bowl over the other person's head.

Although this iron bowl doesn't look big, it can actually get bigger, and there's still space inside. You can put a lot of useless things directly into the iron bowl, and then open the middle part under the iron bowl. That black spot, those things will be sucked in by the black spot, and then turn into various primitive materials, and then appear in the iron bowl. When the time comes, you can just collect these materials.

But he has to rely on people to collect and release things, and the speed is not very fast. In other words, this bowl is actually used as a tool. It is not very practical to use it as a weapon. Appropriate. Although his powerful decomposition ability can decompose many things, including enemy magic weapons, energy, and even enemies, the speed is too slow. In Zhao Hai's opinion, If you use this bowl to fight the enemy, you won't be able to hit them at all, but if you use it as a shield, it's pretty good. If you block it in front of yourself, any attack from the front will almost be blocked. This iron bowl will be decomposed and will not cause any harm to you.

Zhao Hai happily collected the iron bowl. This iron bowl was also very useful to them. He planned to hold the iron bowl in his own hands first, and later, when he had the opportunity, he would use the iron bowl. The bowl was handed over to other members of the Blood Killing Sect for use, so that no one would doubt where his materials came from.

After completing these things, the merger of the eight realms of Tianlong is completed. Then Zhao Hai can proceed to the next step, which is to let the disciples rest and train well until he feels it is appropriate. , they are taking the last step, which is to merge the world of Tianlong and Babu into the Xuanwu space. By that time, they may have to appear in the Wanshan world.

Zhao Hai knew very well that he should not be anxious about this kind of thing. Although he already knew a lot about the situation in Wanshan Realm, there were many things that were not yet very clear. In addition, there was also the Shadow Clan there. For Zhao Hai is very afraid of the Shadow Clan. After all, there may be a powerful person standing behind the Shadow Clan.

Zhao Hai glanced at the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realm again. Zhao Hai thought, and the Xuanwu Space that he had put away appeared in the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realm. Zhao Hai dodged and entered the Xuanwu Space, and then went directly to the main hall. At the same time, he notified Wen Wenhai and the others to come to the main hall for a while.

Wen Wenhai and the others all knew that Zhao Hai was refining the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon. Now when they heard that Zhao Hai wanted to ask them to have a meeting, everyone was shocked. They immediately understood that Zhao Hai would definitely ask them to have a meeting this time. It was related to the refining of the Eight Tribes of Tianlong, so everyone came to the main hall as quickly as possible.

After everyone arrived in the hall and bowed to Zhao Hai and sat down, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone is here, then I will tell you the purpose of this meeting. Everyone knows it. , before I wanted to merge the eight worlds of Tianlong into one interface. Now this has been completed. The eight worlds of Tianlong have been completely integrated into one interface. A new interface has been created. Let’s call this interface the Eight Worlds of the Heavenly Dragons. From now on, all of you can go to the Eight Worlds of the Heavenly Dragons, because the situation there is very good, the spiritual energy is rich, and it is very It’s lively, and almost everything there has a sense of Buddha nature, which is also very beneficial to the disciples of our sect.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone's faces showed joy. The successful refining of the Eight Tribes of Tianlong , was officially incorporated into the Blood Killing Sect, but they knew that it was only a matter of time. Although for the Blood Killing Sect, they could not live in the current Xuanwu Space, and there were countless open spaces, which were not needed at all. The area of ​​Xuanwu Space is being increased.

But no matter what, being able to increase the area of ​​the Xuanwu Space is a good thing for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, so when they heard the news, everyone was so happy. In their opinion, the Xuanwu Space became larger. Then their strength will be further strengthened, which is of course a good thing.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "We will not enter the Wanshan Realm immediately. I have said this before. After arriving at the Wanshan Realm, we will meet people who can use Dharma. And as long as there are people who can use Dharma and Dharma, no one is easy to deal with. I have asked Fa Jing and them, all those who use Dharma, they can also use ordinary means to attack, although they use ordinary means. The attack is not as powerful as using the Faxiang attack, but it can be used for a longer period of time. Once they use the Faxiang, their attack power will increase a lot, but the attack time will also vary depending on their strength. Therefore, we must learn how to use Dharma and how to deal with the enemy's use of Dharma. Otherwise, we will suffer big losses when we get to Wanshan Realm."

Everyone nodded. They all understood what Zhao Hai meant. They also knew about some situations in Wanshan Realm. They also knew about the Dharma in Wanshan Realm. After understanding the Dharma in Wanshan Realm, After that, they became even more careful, because they knew very well that the Dharma in Wanshan Realm was definitely not easy to deal with.

In Wanshan Realm, only those who have reached a certain level of strength can use the Dharma. Everyone's Dharma may be different, but one thing is the same, that is, the Dharma must be consistent with the exercises you have learned. , there is a certain connection, and at the same time, there must be a certain connection with your sect. If your Dharma is not your sect’s method and does not have any connection with your sect, then in Wanshan Realm, It is tantamount to treason, which is a serious crime.

Zhao Hai was actually very surprised by this approach of the sects in the Wanshan Realm. He did not expect that the sects in the Wanshan Realm would have such regulations, and this also gave Zhao Hai other ideas. That is the application of Dharma in Wanshan Realm. Is there any other reason for this? After this matter reaches Wanshan Realm, we must investigate it carefully.

Although there are various problems with the use of this Dharma Appearance, one thing cannot be denied, that is, the power of Dharma Appearance is very huge. If we say that in normal times, an ordinary disciple from the Wanshan Realm has as much strength as The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are almost one. If they are all one, then when he uses the Dharma Form, his combat power will instantly reach five, a full five times increase in combat effectiveness. If someone does not know the power of their Dharma Appearance, if it is true, If you are facing their Dharma form, you may be killed in one move.

But five times the fighting power means five times the consumption. It is precisely because of this that the disciples in the Wanshan Realm do not use Dharma when fighting, because the consumption is too great, and in the Wanshan Realm, People who have no external incarnation, and no yin and yang thunder pool to help them absorb energy, so they cannot support the use of the Dharma for too long. For some ordinary disciples, if they release the Dharma, I am afraid that the most In ten minutes, they will consume all their magic power. Because of this, their magic will never be used until the critical moment, because once used, it will not affect the enemy. If they were defeated or escaped, they would be the ones to die.