c7767 be surprised

Zhao Hai doesn't actually know much about programming, but for him, it is not difficult to learn programming, especially since they have an optical brain here, and he also has some books on the earth. Of course, There is also a lot about programming, so Zhao Hai can easily learn it as long as he studies.

After learning programming, Zhao Hai was ready to start programming his optical brain. He originally wanted to use numbers on the earth to program, but just when he was about to do it, he suddenly stopped. After thinking about it, he suddenly thought that there seems to be another method of programming, and that is the runes he is using now, especially the runes he just discovered, which are unique to the special sect of Wanshan Realm. These runes Zhao Hai has already concluded that these runes are actually very simple. They are just ten runes, which are almost the same as the numbers on the earth. Moreover, Zhao Hai has also figured out the meaning of each rune. What would it be like if these runes were used for programming?

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel a little moved. The most important reason why he wanted to use these runes for programming instead of using numbers was that his current location was, after all, a cultivation plane. , he doesn’t know whether digital programming is useful, whether it can be used, and what the consequences will be.

If there is no use in programming with numbers, then he is busy in vain. The most important thing is that he is really worried about the trouble that programming with numbers may cause. To be honest, he really doesn’t want to put anything to do with it. Things related to the earth are exposed here, because he doesn't know whether doing so is a good thing or a bad thing for the earth.

Zhao Hai knew very well that the stronger the people, the more things they could do. If he really let those people discover something about the earth, then with the abilities of those people, say Maybe they will find the Earth. If those people really find the Earth, the consequences will be really unimaginable. With the existing power on the Earth, there is no way to fight against them, so Zhao Hai must not let them They know that numbers exist, and it would be best if they were not allowed to exist in anything comparable to the Earth.

The most important reason why he is preparing now is because, if his programming is successful this time, this method will definitely be taught to other disciples of the Suicide Sect in the future. By that time, they will know the numbers. Things are not going well. On the contrary, if you tell them directly that runes are used, they may be more accepting.

Just do it as soon as you think of it, Zhao Hai started programming directly, using runes, not just the kind of runes he got newly, Zhao Hai has now named that kind of runes digital runes, Zhao Hai's programming He uses the kind of digital runes. If necessary, he will also use some runes from the world of cultivation.

Zhao Hai has already learned programming, and he is only in the experimental stage now, so he just compiled two simple small programs and then conducted an experiment. These two programs are all the most common calculation programs. Simple, Zhao Hai quickly completed the editing of these two programs.

After doing it, he tested it again and found that the test was very successful. His programming was very successful this time. The two small programs ran very smoothly. This made Zhao Hai very happy. He then started to edit some more More complex procedures and want to see the results.

Time passed in this kind of non-stop experiment. Some of his programs were very successful, but some failed. There were even two sick mother programs. Fortunately, he always paid great attention to control, so those As soon as the virus program appeared, he immediately eliminated it.

In the process of programming, Zhao Hai also discovered that it was as if a new door had been opened to the world. In the past, when Blood Killing Sect disciples wanted to use spells or use their external incarnations to release spells, they usually A magic circle is directly engraved on the body, so that the spell can be used. The more powerful the spell, the more complex the magic circle will be, and it will also be very troublesome.

But it's different now. If he analyzes those spells, turns those spells into a short program, and then stores them in the optical brain. When used, he can just use them directly. Not only will this It makes the magic more varied and more convenient to use.

Of course, this does not mean that the magic circle is not important. In fact, the magic circle is even more important, because Zhao Hai is preparing to turn the magic circle into small programs one by one, as if the magic circle is encrypted. Same, so that others have almost no way to know what kind of magic circle they are using. This can even be said to be a magic circle unique to the Blood Killing Sect. This is of great significance to the Blood Killing Sect. .

After discovering this, Zhao Hai became more concerned about programming, and he also felt that he had to tell Laura and the others about this matter and let them know about it, but before that, He must complete his programming of the optical brain. He wants to turn one of his optical brains into a supercomputer.

This was not a simple job, so he was extra careful, using other biological brains to continuously perform calculations and deductions, and then started programming. The whole process was very long, but fortunately it went smoothly. , Finally, after more than a month, Zhao Hai finally completed the programming of a biological brain.

After finishing, he couldn't help but let out a long breath, and then he directly issued an activation command to the biological brain. After this order was issued, the light flashed on the biological brain, and the next moment Zhao Hai felt that his brain was spinning. After becoming clear and clear, he then discovered that there seemed to be an extra supercomputer in his brain, and this computer was not controlled by sounds, keyboards, mice, etc., but only by him. One command will do.

Zhao Hai immediately issued an order to the optical brain to analyze and calculate the numerical runes. Although he also programmed the optical brain using digital runes, this did not prevent the optical brain from processing these runes. Numbers were analyzed and calculated, and programming quickly progressed.

Zhao Hai's analysis of those numerical runes this time was not just to know what the numbers were used for. The most important thing he wanted to know was what the sect's unique magic circles used by Fajing and the others were. What does it do? This is his main purpose.

Zhao Hai originally thought that it would take some time for the biological brain to analyze the functions of those magic circles, but he did not expect that the biological brain would give the answer very quickly. However, looking at the answer given by the biological brain, Zhao Hai was surprised. He was stunned for a moment, but then he couldn't help but take a breath.

The reason why Zhao Hai was so surprised was because the answer given by the biological brain was really a bit scary. The answer given by the biological brain was that it was a secret code array, and the secret code array here did not mean that he It is only used for encryption. In fact, it can be said that it is a marking array, or even a number array, and its main function is not for communication, but for the transmission of energy.

According to Zhao Hai's understanding, this secret code array is simply a very simple small program, and it is also a dual-image energy transmission program. The function of this program is very simple. It can transfer part of the user's power , transmitted to the recipient of this magic circle, and the recipient can also transmit part of the power to the user through this magic circle.

It sounds like a teleportation array, but it is not a teleportation array. All it can transmit is energy. It is like a person who invented a patent and then gave the patent to others to use, and others have to use it. Giving him a certain amount of money was the same, but it was a little different. This made Zhao Hai a little confused, so he was going to conduct further analysis to see if he could calculate what kind of transmission this magic circle was transmitting. energy.

While the biological brain was making calculations, Zhao Hai was also thinking about what exactly was the energy transmitted by this array, and where would this array be sent in the end? Who is the inventor of these magic circles, and what kind of energy will he get from this magic circle.

Soon the optical brain gave Zhao Hai's answer. He took a closer look and was stunned for a moment. Then Zhao Hai's face couldn't help but become a little ugly, because the optical brain had already given several results. And the biggest possibility among them is the power of faith and the gift of strength.

It goes without saying what the power of faith is. As for the gift of power, the light brain has already given the answer. The so-called gift of energy is actually very simple. To use the simplest example, it is like asking God. It is a god who gives his power to his followers, allowing his followers to use his power in a short period of time. This is the gift of power.

As soon as he saw this, Zhao Hai understood everything. It was precisely because he understood that his face was so ugly. Zhao Hai knew very well what this meant, just like the believers in the Blood Sea Realm. , just a little better than the believers, and Zhao Hai almost knows where these digital runes and those digital magic circles come from. The upper bound must be the upper bound.

The people in the upper world gave this magic circle to the sect related to them in the lower world, and then asked the disciples of this sect to use this magic circle when using the dharma. The disciples in the lower world had different magic circle systems. They didn't know what this magic circle was for, but they had to use it, not to mention that after using this magic circle, they found that this magic circle was very beneficial to them, which made them even more... I know how to use this kind of magic circle.

And those people in the lower world will unconsciously become believers after using this magic circle, providing the monks in the upper world with the power of faith, and the monks in the upper world will use the magic circle to give a trace of their own power. , passed to the lower realm, and then through the magic circle, integrated into the power of the lower realm monk's Dharma, making the lower realm monk's Dharma more powerful. This is why the lower realm monk's Dharma uses that kind of digital rune method. The reason why the power becomes even greater after the formation is because the people in the upper realm have incorporated a trace of power into their dharma.