c7762 Prepare

Time passed little by little, and Zhao Hai finally opened his eyes. There was a flash of light in his eyes, and finally it slowly disappeared. Then Zhao Hai took a long breath and murmured: " It seems that there are still a lot of things to do next, and I have to do them all myself, so it seems like it will take a while."

What Zhao Hai deduced this time was the method of merging the worlds of the Eight Heavenly Dragons. In the end, he found that his previous idea was feasible, but there was one problem that he had to solve, and that was the interfaces of the Eight Worlds of the Heavenly Dragons. The magic formations inside, those magic formations are what he must solve. It does not mean that those magic formations can play a great role, but that those magic formations are actually of no use anymore. He must solve those magic formations. , put them all away and replace them with another kind of magic circle.

The magic arrays currently arranged in the various interfaces of the Eight Tribes of the Tianlong Realm are actually defensive magic formations. They are very powerful, but they have no effect at all on merging the Eight Tribes of the Tianlong Realm. Therefore, Zhao Hai must The only thing is to change those magic formations. Before changing those magic formations, the first thing is to put away all those magic formations.

There is no need for Zhao Hai to do this. Zhao Hai directly gave Wen Wenhai an order, asking Wen Wenhai and the others to pack up all the magic formations in the interfaces of the Eight Tribes of Tianlong. They can still use these magic formations in the future. For use, you can directly arrange these magic circles in other places to create a large defensive magic circle, which is very important.

Wen Wenhai and the others also knew that Zhao Hai was preparing for the merger of the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms. Now when they heard Zhao Hai's order, they immediately knew that Zhao Hai's order must be related to the merger of the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms, so he also Not daring to neglect, he gave the order and quickly sent people to collect all the magic circles in the Tianlong Babu Realm.

After these arrays are collected, they will be transported directly back to the logistics department and stored uniformly. When they are needed in the future, they can be taken directly from the logistics department and distributed to the disciples. It is very convenient. There are really too many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and it doesn't take long to just send some people out to collect all the magic circles.

After Wen Wenhai told Zhao Hai that the arrays had been collected, Zhao Hai felt relieved. Then he began to arrange the arrays one interface at a time. The situation of each interface was different, and the arrays to be arranged were also different. It's different, but there is one kind of magic circle that is necessary, and that is the weapon refining magic circle.

After all, what he is going to do this time is weapon refining, so the weapon refining array must be arranged, and the position is also very important. The position must be arranged well, and at the same time, in order to make this magic weapon more powerful , in each space, it is also very important to arrange some magic circles that are consistent with the attributes of this space.

These magic formations must be arranged by Zhao Hai personally. Zhao Hai also attaches great importance to the refining this time. There cannot be any deviation in the position of these magic formations. If there is a deviation, there will be many consequences for the merger of the eight realms of Tianlong. A big impact will also have a great impact on the power that can be exerted here in the Eight Tribes of Tianlong. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai attaches so much importance to it. The first part must be done by himself.

Each interface has a large area. It is also very difficult to arrange magic arrays in these interfaces. That is, Zhao Hai, if it were another person, I am afraid it would be just to arrange this magic array. It will take several years or even decades to do it, otherwise it will be absolutely impossible to complete.

Even Zhao Hai spent more than a month just setting up these arrays. The most troublesome thing was actually the main interface. The buildings on the main interface are actually very good, but some of their array talismans The position is wrong, and Zhao Hai wanted to make this magic weapon more powerful and also changed the core magic image on the main interface. The magic circle must also be changed, which is a very troublesome thing.

When Zhao Hai entered, he remembered the living courtyard he had obtained before. He took out the courtyard directly and built it in the core area of ​​the main interface, and then the surrounding buildings, Changes were also made, and a huge magic circle was arranged there. This huge magic circle was actually a magic circle group. These magic circles had various abilities. The most important magic circle group was Zhao Haijian. In the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool Array Group here, Zhao Hai established dozens of Yin-Yang Thunder Pools at once, all of which were large.

As for the main magic circle on the main interface, Zhao Hai has already thought about it. He will use the heaven and earth runes and curse runes, and the dharma image will be his dharma image, the eleven-faced and eight-armed Buddha, and the material will be Buddha Power Metal. , I believe that in this way, the power of this magical weapon from the eight realms of Tianlong will definitely be even greater.

For the construction of the main interface, Zhao Hai handed it over to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They can still do such work, and they will do it very well, but Zhao Hai is now doing another The thing is that he is sprinkling some seeds on the ground of each interface of the Tianlong Babu Realm.

Among the interfaces of Tianlong Babu Realm, some interfaces can grow things, and some interfaces cannot. Although Zhao Hai didn't know if it was useful, he felt that he should do it, so Zhao Hai came up with a lot of strategies. The seeds are planted and spread directly to various interfaces. I really don’t know what the final result will be.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect moved very quickly. Soon everything on the main interface had been arranged, and various buildings were rebuilt, using the same materials as before, and the area did not increase. It's just that the style has changed a bit. From the outside, you can't tell that there is anything special about these buildings. They are just a group of ordinary buildings without any special buildings, which will not make people connect with them.

But under this building, there are countless magic formations. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect put all their main energy into those magic formations. It is also because of those magic formations that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are enough. It took more than two friends to prepare everything on the main interface. Everything was according to Zhao Hai's ideas.

The only thing missing now is that the eleven-sided and eight-armed Buddha statue in the middle has not been placed. Zhao Hai could have placed it long ago, but before placing it, he still went to the Shenji Hall and asked Yu Ming and them about the use of the big Buddha. What is the result of adding the metal to Foli Metal? Can it be completed? But he got a disappointing answer. Wen Yuming and they still have no way to separate the newly obtained metal into Foli Metal. The two metals seem to have incompatible properties, and there is no way to do it. Fusion, so their research has fallen into a bottleneck.

Zhao Hai was not very disappointed with such a result. Since there was no result from them, it would be simple. He could just follow his original idea and use Foli Metal directly. A huge eleven-faced eight-armed Buddha was made. The top of this Buddha's head has the runes of heaven and earth, and under his feet are curse runes. He has eleven faces, the first three are Guanyin's face, and the three on the left are It has an angry face, the three right sides are dog-toothed faces, the back side is laughing, and the top side is the statue of Amitabha Buddha. The eight arms are also different. The first two arms form a seal, one is the seal of giving without fear, and the other is for granting wishes. Seal, each of the six arms at the back holds a magical weapon, namely, the Sun-holding Mani, the Moon-holding Mani, a lotus, a pure vase, a vajra, and a skull staff.

After the giant Buddha was erected, it gave people an extremely shocking feeling. Zhao Hai also carved scriptures and precepts on the body of the giant Buddha, and even consecrated the giant Buddha, which made the entire giant Buddha look majestic and majestic. It's so sacred that some disciples of the Blood Killing Sect couldn't help but kneel down when they saw the Buddha.

Emperor Shitian and other disciples of the Jade Buddha Temple also saw this big Buddha. When they saw this big Buddha, they couldn't help but kneel down. After this big Buddha was consecrated, the power of the Buddha was generated by itself, slowly and continuously. Buddha's power already gives people a feeling of kneeling down and worshiping.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw that the effect had been fully achieved, he directly asked all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to return to the Xuanwu Space. He was ready to start the last step, which was to merge the eight realms of Tianlong. It can also be said that , perform the last refining of this inner space magic weapon, and it is also refined from inside the space.

In order to ensure success, Zhao Hai conducted a derivation once. This time he also put in all the changes he had made to the space and deduced them together to see what the final result would be. The result of this derivation surprised and delighted Zhao Hai. What was surprising was that although the result of this derivation was successful in the end, the process was very difficult. In other words, with his current strength, In the end, Wu Qiang could only refine this magical weapon. Fortunately, if this magical weapon was really as deduced, its power would be very huge, even more powerful than he imagined.

The reason why this situation occurs is because Zhao Hai added too many things to this magic weapon, such as those magic circles, those magic circles that have the same attributes as each interface and strengthen the attributes of each interface. These magic circles Although it will make the merged Tianlong Babu Realm more powerful, it will also increase the difficulty of refining it. However, precisely because of these magic circles, as long as he can successfully refining it, the power of this magical weapon will be It will be extremely huge.

Seeing this result, Zhao Hai also let out a sigh of relief, but he still did not move. Instead, he began to bathe and burn incense to completely relax himself and restore his strength to its best. This also showed that he Regarding the importance attached to this magical weapon, if this magical weapon is really refined, and then added to the Xuanwu space, it will be of great help to the Xuanwu space. It is precisely because of this idea, Therefore, Zhao Hai attaches great importance to this refining, and this inner space magic weapon is the hard work of generations of people from the Jade Buddha Temple. Although Zhao Hai has nothing to do with the Jade Buddha Temple, Zhao Hai still wants to make this Doing the best in one thing can be regarded as an explanation to the Jade Buddha Temple, and it can also be regarded as the end of the cause and effect between him and the Jade Buddha Temple, so he can only succeed and cannot fail.