c7761 idea

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect received a notice from the sect that the sect would not enter the Wanshan Realm in a short time. They were prepared to leave more time for training and preparation for the disciples. After knowing this situation, the Blood Killing Sect The disciples of Zong were relieved. Although they had not really participated in a battle for more than a year, they had been conducting actual combat training in the real illusion, although it would not cause them anything. Although they were injured, it also made their spirits tense all the time. If they entered the Wanshan Realm now, although they could still fight, their mental state was definitely not the best. Now they have a period of time After rest, they were actually very happy. .

In order to allow the disciples to have a good rest, the Blood Killing Sect even stopped the actual combat training and gave all the disciples a few days off. They can do whatever they want and rest assured that there will not be any tasks. For the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, this is definitely good news.

While the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were resting, Zhao Hai got busy. He began to fully understand the interfaces of the Eight Tribes of Tianlong and was thinking about how to merge all the interfaces together. This was It was very important that he had to take action himself.

Here in the Tianlong Babu Realm, the characteristics of each interface are different. Although all interfaces have been conquered by them now, and they have also arranged magic arrays on each interface, but those magic arrays are not suitable for refining these interfaces. Putting them together doesn't seem to be of much help, because this is not an ordinary merging of worlds, but a process of refining weapons.

If it is an ordinary merging, then the magic circles arranged on each interface can play a role, because the main purpose of merging is to see whether you have occupied all those interfaces, but the weapon refining is different. In a sense, refining weapons is more troublesome than merging worlds.

There is also a little trouble, that is, other people are refining weapons outside the magic weapon, but this time he is refining the weapon inside the magic circle. This is something that no one has ever done, so It is not an easy task to truly merge these interfaces together.

It is precisely because of the discovery of these problems that Zhao Hai is ready to conduct a thorough investigation to see what is going on with these interfaces and where the core of these interfaces is. Only by finding out the core of these interfaces can he Only then can these interfaces be truly merged together.

Zhao Hai can't let others do this matter. If he lets others do it, what Zhao Hai will get in the end is just the report result, which may not be the result he wants, so he must do it, so he He has to do it himself, so he has been busier than others recently.

By checking the situation of each interface, Zhao Hai came to the conclusion that the core of each interface is actually the statues in the core area of ​​each interface before. Those statues are the real core of each interface, and he wants to merge each interface into Together, we cannot do without those statues.

But in this case, there is a problem, that is, there is no core in the Dragon Realm, the Heavenly Realm and the main interface. Although there is a Dragon Ball in the Dragon Realm, which can be said to be the core, it is not very similar. , but there is no core in the heaven and human world. The ruler of the heaven and human world is Emperor Shitian. Emperor Shitian is a monster, he is not a statue, so he cannot be regarded as the core of that interface, and the main interface seems to have no core. There is no core, which is a headache for Zhao Hai.

Finally, Zhao Hai checked the information about the Jade Buddha Temple, and he really found some clues, and also made him understand why there were no cores in the Dragon Realm, Heavenly Realm and the main interface. Dragon Ball can be regarded as a core, but it is just a substitute for the people of the Jade Buddha Temple before they can find something better. In other words, they are not very satisfied with the core of the Dragon World.

As for the Tianren Realm, there simply is no core, because the people from the Jade Buddha Temple have not found the core of the Tianren Realm, so there is indeed no core in the Tianren Realm. As for the core in the main interface, there really is one. The core of the interface is actually the big Buddha, which is used as the Buddhist scriptures pavilion.

The Temple of the Emerald Buddha really attaches too much importance to this magical artifact, and the main interface of this magical artifact has a huge impact on this magical artifact, so they put the big Buddha on the main interface. First, the big Buddha is surrounded by a huge temple and a huge magic circle, which will make the power of the big Buddha extremely powerful. Second, the material of the big Buddha is a kind of material that can isolate spiritual power. , but for materials that conduct energy very quickly, with this characteristic, when this magical weapon is successfully refined in the future, the people of the Jade Buddha Temple can carry this magical weapon with them, but they will not It will be discovered by others, but it is very powerful when facing the enemy, so the Temple of the Emerald Buddha sets the core of the main interface to the big Buddha.

After knowing this situation, Zhao Hai frowned even more. If this is really the case, that means that he must first find three materials that can be used as the core. The reason why there are three, It was because the giant Buddha had been destroyed by the guys from Shenji Hall, so he had to find a new core for the main interface. As for the Dragon Balls in Dragon World, Zhao Hai also felt that that thing was actually not It is suitable to be the core of Dragon Realm, so he must find three cores now.

After thinking about it carefully in the room, Zhao Hai finally discovered that the core of the Dragon Realm was actually very easy to find. It was the halberd he had obtained before, although that halberd was also obtained from Tianlongba. It was obtained here in the tribe, but he may have re-refined it. He refined the halberd into a dragon halberd. As long as the dragon beads are also refined into this halberd, then this The long halberd is definitely the most suitable core in the dragon world.

As for the core of the heaven and human world, this is really a question. How can we get a core of the heaven and human world? What does this core look like and what functions does it have? There is also the core of the main interface and what the core of the main interface looks like. This also requires him to think carefully about this.

To be honest, using the big Buddha there as the core of the main interface is actually a very good choice, because the material of the big Buddha is really good, but Zhao Hai is a little reluctant. He thinks he can Let this inner space go further, so he is a little disdainful of the large materials.

Finally, after thinking about it, he decided to use the material of the big Buddha as the core of the world of heaven and man. In this way, the inner space should also have the ability of that material in the future, but the core of the main interface is still a problem. , because the core of the main interface not only requires materials, but also the appearance is very important. If a demon god's image is placed at the core of the main interface, then the demon god's image will conflict with the function of the inner space. , in the end this inner space may be destroyed. Even if it is not destroyed, the power of this magic weapon will probably be reduced a lot.

Of course, Zhao Hai cannot allow this to happen, because this inner space must be merged into the Xuanwu space. If an energy conflict really occurs in this inner space, it may have an impact on the Xuanwu space. , this is something Zhao Hai absolutely does not want to see, so he must think carefully about what is suitable to put there.

I don’t know how long I thought about it, but I got a little tired of thinking about it. Zhao Hai decided not to think about it for now. He decided to take a good rest for a while and practice before talking. Anyway, he was not in a hurry. He thought about it slowly, and Zhao Hai also wanted to see if Shenji Hall could bring him any miracles. Wouldn't it be better if Shenji Hall could produce something good?

In fact, Shenjitang is now preparing to incorporate the materials obtained from the Buddha directly into Foli Metal. In this way, Foli Metal may have new abilities, so Zhao Hai just wants to take a look. , is it possible to do this in Shenji Hall? If it can really be done, that would be great.

As soon as Zhao Hai entered samadhi, his mental power directly entered his body. At the same time, some of the energy runes in his body also turned into spherical magic arrays. Now, nearly half of them are in Zhao Hai's body. The ability has turned into a spherical magic circle, which has also strengthened Zhao Hai's strength a lot.

Just when Zhao Hai saw his Dharma image, his heart skipped a beat, and an idea suddenly popped up, that is, could he put his Dharma image directly on the main interface and use it as the main interface? The core image, and in this way, this magic weapon has a slight connection with the Xuanwu space. If it is really feasible, then it may be easier for him to merge with the world in the future. .

As soon as he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately ended his training and began to deduce the possible results in his own mind. He wanted to see if this idea could succeed. Soon, they I found that this result is indeed feasible and can be successful.

This made Zhao Hai feel happy. If this is really feasible, then he can almost merge the eight realms of Tianlong, because he has already thought about it, even if the Shenji Hall has not yet put the big Buddha It doesn't matter if the material is incorporated into Foli Metal. He can completely make the material of the Buddha into the core material in the heaven and human world, and then turn Foli Metal into the core material of the main interface. In this way, all All problems are solved.

The more he thought about it, the more feasible it became. However, Zhao Hai was still very cautious. He decided to extrapolate this idea to see if it would be possible to completely integrate the Tianlong and Eight Worlds. , if it is really feasible, then he can start to merge the eight realms of Tianlong.

Zhao Hai actually has a feeling in his heart that his idea must be feasible, and doing so may bring greater benefits to them, but he can't think of what the benefits are yet. , but he has that feeling, and Zhao Hai still believes in his own feeling.