c7760 Decide

The reason why Zhao Hai was able to discover what the crystal was used for was actually very simple. When he picked up the second crystal, he had already asked his optical brain to record various data in his body. This is really too simple for an optical brain, especially since Zhao Hai's optical brain is his biological brain, and he has dozens of biological brains, and they are much stronger than other people's optical brains. So it is really easy to record his physical condition.

It was precisely because of recording his body data that Zhao Hai quickly discovered the function of the white crystal. The function of the white crystal was actually very simple. He was the simplest mental power crystal. He crystallized his mental power, and this kind of mental power is the most pure spiritual power, which can be directly absorbed by people.

The current increase in spiritual power of the Blood Killing Sect is generally obtained through practice. The tidal training method is specially used to practice spiritual power, but so far, Zhao Hai has not found any method that can improve the spiritual power. The crystal stone that increases the power, but now he has discovered it, he can be sure that this kind of mental power crystal must be decomposed through the decomposition law, and this mental power crystal should be left by those who died, Their mental power was completely decomposed by the Law of Decomposition, and finally turned into various things. He had obtained the pure power of the Shadow Clan Law before, and now he has obtained pure mental power, so that Nothing surprising anymore.

Zhao Hai let out a long breath, and then he suddenly thought, if you decompose some ordinary and low-level soul fire in the space, what will you get in the end? Will he also get the crystallization of part of his mental power and part of his soul power? If that is really the case, that would be great. In the future, they will not only have crystals that can replenish their mental power, but also crystals that can replenish their soul power.

Zhao Hai turned to Wen Yuming and said: "Yu Ming, put away these white crystals properly. These white crystals are the purest spiritual energy crystals. They can directly replenish our spiritual power. This But good things should be put away properly and don’t use your mental power to explore them.”

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Yuming was stunned at first, but then his eyes lit up. He immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and he immediately said: "Yes, Sect Master, don't worry, I will go right away." Put away all these white crystals, we won’t let anyone use them at will without your order.”

Wen Yu is also a master. Of course he knows the benefits of these mental power crystals. There are very few things that can directly replenish mental power. Now that there is one, it is natural to pay attention to it. In fact, there are many monks, The most important reason why they cannot support long-term fighting is because their mental strength cannot support it and their spiritual energy is exhausted. They can use elixirs to replenish it. For the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they There is a yin and yang thunder pool in their bodies, so there is no need to replenish spiritual energy at all, because their spiritual energy is almost endless.

But their mental power is not endless, and their mental power is also very limited. Even if the Blood Killing Sect has a special method for cultivating mental power, it is impossible for them to really do it without worrying about their mental power. Yes, this is why monks sometimes need to sleep. Sleeping can be said to be the best and fastest way to replenish and restore mental power.

It is precisely because of this that this kind of spiritual power crystallization is particularly precious.

The expert naturally knew how precious this crystal was, so he immediately decided to put this crystal away. Except for taking out a small part for analysis, the rest were all kept so that no one could use them later.

Zhao Hai had already picked up the last golden crystal at this time. He just glanced at it and put the crystal down. He turned to Wen Yuming and said: "This crystal is the crystal of Buddha's power. The Buddha inside is The power is extremely pure and solid. It can be used in the future. Also, if you can crystallize this kind of Buddha power, you should also know that Buddha power can also be crystallized. You need to do some research in this regard. "

As soon as Wen Yuming heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said: "Yes, Sect Master, we understand and will study it carefully." To be honest, the last two crystals really brought him trouble. A small surprise, these two crystals are really useful to them. You must know that although their Shenji Hall has all kinds of materials now, sometimes they really need some novel materials. , only in this way will they make progress.

Zhao Hai nodded, smiled at Wen Yuming and said: "Okay, I can rest assured that I will leave the matters here to you. Originally, I was planning to enter the Wanshan Realm directly in the near future, but now it seems that It still doesn’t work, but I am planning to merge the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms first, completely refining the entire Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms, and then let our disciples cultivate for a while, and then enter the Wanshan Realm after a while. how do you feel?"

Wen Yuming nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, we can let the disciples practice fighting with magic in the real illusion. After all, when we go to Wanshan Realm in the future, we must use magic when facing the enemy. Otherwise, we will be regarded as aliens, and everyone will attack us. In the real illusion, we need to train for a period of time first. Even if there is some deviation from the real situation, we are still better prepared. It’s not that strong, what do you think, Sect Master?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, it is indeed the case. That's good. You can just go about your business. I think the annexation and other things will not have any impact on you. Okay, I'll go back If there are any results, please inform me directly." Wen Yuming responded, and Zhao Hai left Shenji Hall directly.

After Zhao Hai left Shenji Hall, he directly called Wen Wenhai, Chang Jun and Zhu Yong to his room. When the three of them arrived in the living room of Zhao Hai's room, Meg personally delivered them to them. After the three of them thanked Meg for tea, Meg withdrew. Almost all the food Zhao Hai ate and used here was taken care of by Meg herself, so except for confidants like Wen Wenhai and the others, Zhao Hai rarely lets people enter his room.

After Meg left, Zhao Hai said to Wen Wenhai: "Wen Hai, I called you here this time because I want to talk to you about the next arrangements. I plan to conduct an inspection of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon after a while. Unite and complete the final step of the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realm, turning the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realm into a true inner space magic weapon."

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "This place in the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon is actually very magical. It can be said that all the hard work of the Jade Buddha Temple for many years is here. If they were not too pursuing perfection, I am afraid that this inner space magic weapon would have been refined long ago. The production is completed. If they had not invested too much in this inner space magic weapon, I am afraid that the strength of the Jade Buddha Temple would not be just like that, and it would be destroyed in the end. So I think that the Tianlong Babu Realm here , merge into one, complete the final refinement

System is very necessary. "

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "The merger of the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms into one is only the first step, but I am only prepared to do this step now. After completing the merger of the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms, I plan to let the disciples Take a good rest for a while. This period may not be too short, it may be a few years, because we have been fighting all these years. The rest is very short, and there are many things that we have missed. I want to take advantage of it. In the past few years, let everyone have a good understanding of whether what they have learned in the past is still useful, so that everyone can stop and look back, and at the same time, it can also allow everyone to enter the real illusion. , learn there how to use the Dharma to fight. Even if it is different from the real use of the Dharma to fight, you can still learn it. There are advantages and no disadvantages. When we are ready, we will arrive at Wanwan. In the mountain world, by then, no matter what situation we encounter, we can handle it, what do you think?" Zhao Hai expressed his thoughts, which he only had after arriving at Shenji Hall. Yes, because there were a lot of things obtained from Shenji Hall, and many things needed to be studied carefully, so Zhao Hai suddenly thought, why not take a good rest here for a while. When they arrived at Wanshan Realm, maybe They will encounter the worst situation. If nothing else, at least the people of the Shadow Clan already know that they are coming. The Queen of Flowers has fought against them, so those Shadow Clan people will definitely pay attention to them when they arrive in Wanshan. In the world, they may face the most violent attacks. If they are not prepared, they may suffer a loss.

It is precisely because of this idea that Zhao Hai finally decided to rest here for a while before entering the Wanshan Realm. It would be fine if they did not go to the Wanshan Realm. As long as they went to the Wanshan Realm , it must appear in a very powerful posture.

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai also nodded and said: "Boss, you are very considerate. We were indeed a little anxious before. In fact, our gains in the Tianlong Babu Realm are very huge. , Up to now, our gains in the Tianlong Babu Realm have not been completely digested. If we enter the Wanshan Realm now, it will not be of any benefit to us, so we rest here for a period of time, and the potential development, and then going to the Tianlong Babu Realm, it should be the most correct approach."

Chang Jun also nodded and said: "Yes, Sect Master, the situation in Wanshan Realm is unknown now. We'd better be fully prepared, and then before entering Wanshan Realm, at the Black and White Battlefield, the Queen of Hundred Flowers and others If they ran away, they must have returned to Wanshan Realm. As long as they return to Wanshan Realm, they will definitely find a way to deal with us, so we must be prepared. I also agree to enter Wanshan Realm later. There, let’s take a good rest here.”

Seeing that they all agreed, Zhao Hai also nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Tell the disciples the decision, so that they can rest assured that we will not enter the Wanshan Realm in a short time."