c7768 response

To be honest, Zhao Hai really couldn't believe it when he saw such an answer, but now he had to believe that the people in the lower world had become believers without their knowledge. Slaves, no, it is wrong to call the people of Wanshan Realm as believers. They cannot be regarded as believers. If they were really counted, they should be more like priests or pastors, and Taoists or monks.

They provide the monks in the upper world with the power of faith, and the monks in the upper world give them part of their power. This seems like a transaction. Of course, if you regard him as a transaction, there is nothing wrong with it. , but if you just regard him as a transaction, it is really too simple, not to mention, even if it is a transaction, he is also a transaction that people in Wanshan Realm have no idea about.

Zhao Hai let out a long breath, and then a smile appeared on his face. In any case, his biological brain development plan was still very successful. Zhao Hai can now be sure that the utilization rate of his biological brain has reached at least 100. About fifty percent, which is half, and his original utilization rate of this biological brain is probably less than twenty percent. This is the gap, and it also proves that his plan is indeed feasible.

Thinking of this, he moved and arrived at the space villa. Laura and the others were still in the space villa, studying those digital magic circles. Of course, what they were studying now was not the function of those digital runes, but How to make better use of those digital runes.

When Zhao Hai saw Laura and the others, he couldn't help but feel a little heartbroken. He immediately said to Laura and the others: "Laura, come here, I have something to tell you." Laura and the others looked at Zhao in confusion. Zhao Hai glanced at him, and then everyone put down what they were doing and came to Zhao Hai's side.

After they all sat down, Zhao Hai said: "This retreat is actually a development of my biological brain, because I found that the utilization rate of my biological brain is too low, so I want to develop it." The biological brain is developed once. The development method I use is actually to program the biological brain. I think you should also know what programming is, right?

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then they all looked at each other, and Laura even said: "I know, I know so well, why didn't we think of it? We obviously knew about those newly obtained talismans. Runes are like numbers. Why didn't we think of using those runes for programming? What a failure, Brother Hai, you are really a genius."

Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then said: "I also suddenly thought of it, so I conducted an experiment and used those digital runes to perform a program, and it was successful. Now one of my creatures The brain has become a supercomputer. Its utilization rate of the biological brain has reached 50%, which is much stronger than the original. I plan to reprogram it after a period of time and turn the biological brain into a supercomputer. The utilization rate of the brain is improving at once.”

Laura and the others were even more happy, and Laura even said: "Successful? Great, Brother Hai, tell me carefully what benefits you got this time, tell me carefully." They all knew it. , if this method can really succeed, then the benefits will be really great for them, but they don’t know what kind of benefits they are.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "The computing power is stronger. I conducted an experiment and it was very successful. But the results of this experiment really surprised me. I just used the new biological brain to calculate Let’s take a look at what the sect-specific magic formations like Fa Jing’s are used for. You may not think of the functions of those magic formations.”

Laura and the others all stared at Zhao Hai, wanting to hear what kind of answer Zhao Hai would give. Zhao Hai glanced at Laura, and then said: "That is an energy transmission array, it is two-way, and the transmitted energy is divided into two types, one is the power of faith, and the other is the gift of power, you understand me What do you mean?"

When Laura and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then their faces all changed, and then Laura said: "It is impossible for people in the upper realm to give the power of faith to people in the lower realm. Fajing and the others are obviously They don't know the function of those magic circles, which means they don't know. They don't know why they became believers, so this magic circle is most likely given to them by people from the upper world. The purpose is to collect the power of faith from them, and what does it mean to give power? Could those people in the upper world be so kind and give power to Fajing and the others? By the way, Fajing said that if you use that By planting a magic circle, their magic will be more powerful and their power will be stronger. Is this the result of the gift of power?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Although it has not been confirmed yet, I think so too, but Fajing and the others are better than Xinnu. At least they are free, and I think this is a bit like a transaction. It’s just a very different kind of transaction, one that Fajing and the others don’t know about yet.”

Laura said with a gloomy face: "No matter what it is, this has already explained one problem, that is, the people in Wanshan Realm may have a closer connection with the people in the upper realm, and the people from the Shadow Clan can be here Under such circumstances, they still account for half of the Wanshan Realm, which is enough to illustrate their strength."

Zhao Hai was stunned. He really had not thought of this. Now when he heard what Laura said, Zhao Hai's face also darkened. He looked at Laura and said: "You mean, no It’s just that there is a problem here in the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm, and even there is a problem in the upper realm. Otherwise, the Shadow Clan would not be able to occupy half of the country here in the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm? Is this what you mean?”

Laura nodded and said: "That's what it means. If that's really the case, then things will be even more difficult to handle. If we want to deal with Wanshan Realm, we must be prepared to fight with the people in the upper realm. Likewise The reason is that when we fight against those from the Shadow Clan, we must also be prepared to be attacked by the Shadow Clan in the upper realm. Things seem to be getting more complicated."

Zhao Hai looked calm, and after a while he said: "It is possible, and our disciples cannot borrow power from the monks in the upper world when using the Dharma. That means that we The Dharma form will be lower in strength than the Dharma form used by other sects in Wanshan Realm. It seems that we must pay attention to this."

Laura said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, I think this matter must be told to Wen Hai and others, so that they can also tell the news to the disciples of the sect, so that all the disciples can be aware of it. What do you think?" La took this matter very seriously, so she immediately thought of some precautions they had to take.

Zhao Hai thought for a while, nodded, and said in a deep voice: "It is necessary to tell them, and I think Fajing and the others must withdraw those digital arrays from their array sequence, because I They are worried that if they continue to use those magic circles, they may be discovered by people from their sect. Even if people from their sect cannot discover them, those in the upper world may also discover them. If those in the upper world discover them, If you kill them, the consequences will be very serious. There is a magic circle in their body that is not completely controlled by them. This is not a reassuring thing."

Laura said in a deep voice: "Yes, this is indeed very dangerous. If not used properly, our blood-killing clan may be exposed. Brother Hai, please go make arrangements now. We are going to study programming." thing." Laura knew that they could just leave this matter to Zhao Hai. What they had to do was to study and understand the programming matter as soon as possible. She believed that this programming would be more helpful to the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he took out a jade slip, gave it to Laura and said: "Laura, this is something he researched before. You can take a look at some experience in programming. I am now Just go out, this matter must be resolved as soon as possible." Zhao Hai also knows that this matter must be resolved as soon as possible, otherwise, if people from the upper world really discover Fajing's situation, it may happen at any time We will use that magic circle to deal with them.

Laura nodded and took the jade slip. However, Zhao Hai moved and went out of the space. After arriving outside, Zhao Hai immediately came to the main hall of the Blood Slaughter Sect, and then he directly All the core elders were called to the hall. After everyone arrived, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and finally looked at Fajing and the others. He paused for a while, which made Fajing and the others a little nervous.

However, Zhao Hai quickly retracted his gaze, watching him look at the people in the hall, and said in a deep voice: "I have been studying the magic circles provided by Fa Jing and the others. Yu Ming, are you also studying the magic circles provided by Fa Jing and the others? Are there any results from studying those magic formations?" Zhao Hai knew that Wen Yuming was also studying that kind of digital magic formation, so he asked this question.

Hearing Yu's name, he stood up immediately, bowed to Zhao Hai and said: "Returning to the sect master, our research has produced certain results. We found that those magic formations are actually composed of ten formation talismans. In fact, it is not very complicated, but it seems to have a certain degree of independence. It can be said that it is another kind of magic circle system. Those magic circles are not complicated, but the magic circle system is very complicated. Until now, we have There hasn’t been any good progress yet.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I have made some progress here. There are only ten of those array talismans, but they are very troublesome to put together. And I have also analyzed the function of that array. Yeah, that’s a two-way energy transmission array, a kind of array we’ve never seen before.”

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone was stunned, and then their eyes fell on Fajing and the others. Fajing and the others also looked puzzled. They were also the first to create a two-way energy transmission array. I heard for the first time that they had never known that the magic circle dedicated to their sect had such an ability. They thought it was a blessing magic circle, but now it seems that it is not, because Zhao Hai said It is a two-way energy transmission array, and there is no word 'blessing' in it.