c7763 merge

Zhao Hai stood on the black and white battlefield. The black and white battlefield was not much different from the original one. Zhao Hai now had to start refining the entire Tianlong Babu Realm. If the Tianlong Babu Realm wanted to successfully refine it, Zhao Hai stood there. , they must come in order, so Zhao Hai chose the black and white battlefield first.

Zhao Hai was already prepared, so when he arrived at the Black and White Battlefield, he started to move directly. As soon as he saw his body move, he flew up. After his people reached the air, his hands quickly knitted together. It became a seal, and then shouted: "Come forward!" As these two mantras were spoken, the entire space suddenly shook slightly, and then Zhao Hai moved his hands, and fire dragons came directly from his hands. He flew out and flew in several directions in the space. Those fire dragons seemed to be real living creatures. They landed on several magic circle masters in the space very accurately. Those magic circles immediately lit up. There was a red light, and then the fire dragon disappeared directly.

After the fire dragon disappeared, the space began to shake slightly. When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he moved and went directly to the second space. Then he was in the second space, and then After doing the same thing, he also released the fire dragon and let the fire dragon enter several of the magic circles.

Then came the third interface, the fourth interface, and the eighth interface. After everything was done, Zhao Hai returned to the main interface, landed directly next to the Buddha statue, and then formed a seal with his hands. , shouted: "Come!" As this mantra came out, countless peace seals appeared directly in his hands. Finally, he moved his hands, and countless energy flew out of his hands. It landed directly on the Buddha statue.

After the energy fell on the Buddha statue, bursts of golden light suddenly appeared on the Buddha statue, and then bursts of Sanskrit sounds came, and the whole space began to shake gently, but Zhao Hai did not move. His hands are still facing the Buddha statue, and the energy in his hands is still pouring into the Buddha statue.

As the energy progressed into the Buddha statue, the Sanskrit sound in the Buddha statue became louder. At the same time, Zhao Hai could feel that the other eight spaces seemed to be changing. Those eight spaces seemed to be in harmony with the Buddha statue. It was as if there was a connection, which Zhao Hai could clearly feel.

It is precisely because he felt it that Zhao Hai did not dare to stop. His energy was still inputting into the Buddha's phase. The sound in the Buddha's phase was louder and the golden light was stronger, while the other eight spaces The shaking became even more severe, and finally those spaces began to slowly blur, as if they had turned from entities into illusions, and those spaces began to slowly merge together, and then slowly moved closer to the main interface. Come over.

Zhao Hai's face was extremely calm, but his heart was extremely clear. He knew everything about what was happening in the outside world, so he knew very well that now should be the time when this space began to formally integrate, so Zhao Hai was very He must be careful, he must ensure that the intensity of his mana transmission must be maintained at a very stable level, because many times when refining weapons, what is required is the stability of mana?

An hour has passed, Zhao Hai is still inputting mana, and the other interfaces in the Tianlong Babu Realm have been completely blurred, and those interfaces have shrunk into the statues on those interfaces, and those interfaces have been completely blurred. The statue has also become transparent and is slowly approaching the main interface.

Two hours have passed, and the eight translucent statues have reached the main interface and are drilling into the main interface. However, they seem to be drilling very hard, and they are squeezing in bit by bit. It looks like It was still very difficult, but the spiritual energy in Zhao Hai's hand did not stop, but sweat appeared on his face.

Three hours have passed. The eight translucent statues have completely entered the main interface and have flown into the sky in front of the Buddha statue. However, they have been hovering above the Buddha statue and have not made any next move. The spiritual energy in Zhao Hai's hand still hasn't stopped, but his face is already a little pale.

Four hours later, the eight translucent statues rushed towards the Buddha statue, and a dazzling golden light suddenly appeared on the Buddha statue. Then the golden light disappeared, and then appeared behind the Buddha statue. It has eight arms, and on these eight arms, there are the appearance of the Eight Heavenly Dragons, as if the statues of the Eight Heavenly Dragons in those spaces have been shrunk countless times, and are grasped by the outstretched hands of the Buddha. Same.

Then Zhao Hai felt the space shaking for a while, and then the golden light flourished. Zhao Hai couldn't open his eyes for a while, but then he immediately felt that there was countless energy from the Buddha statue, heading straight towards his hand. He pushed back. Although this energy was very huge, it was very gentle. It entered his body directly from his hand, and the mana in his body that had almost been consumed was rapidly flowing out. Recovering.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately started to use his skills to digest the mana that entered his body. As he moved his skills, he slowly discovered that his appearance was also changing. On his appearance, he actually had eight arms, and each arm was holding a statue. It was the statue of the Eight Heavenly Dragons, and he stood with the big Buddha statue at the main interface of the Eight Heavenly Dragons. Exactly the same.

This was not over yet. Then Zhao Hai discovered that the energy coming from the Buddha statue had not disappeared and was still entering his body. Zhao Hai immediately guided the energy and kept The mana runes in his body turned into spherical arrays one by one. It was not until seven levels of the runes in his body had turned into spherical arrays that the energy that entered his body disappeared.

You must know that Zhao Hai had just turned half of the runes in his body into a spherical magic circle. In other words, in such a short time, the energy entering his body actually increased his strength by two levels. It is not that simple to increase the strength of the two layers of his body. It turns the two layers of talismans in his body into magic circles. That is different. Zhao Hai's strength is definitely much stronger than before. .

After discovering that there was nothing wrong with his body, Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes and glanced around. Zhao Hai couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face, because now this Tian Long Ba Bu The world has changed a lot, completely different from what it was before.

The area of ​​the original main interface is not very large, and the other interfaces, although different, are more or less very rigid. Even in places like the Shura Realm, the Dragon Realm, or the Heavenly Realm, there are plants and even some. Monsters, but it still seems a bit rigid there, just like the Shura Realm, where you can't see the sea, but in the Dragon Realm, there is just a sea, and there is no other Dongding. Comparatively speaking, in the Heavenly Realm , it is more complete, but it also feels a lot worse, so the interfaces are actually a bit rigid.

But now it is different. Now the interface has really changed. The location where he is is a high mountain. This mountain is extremely tall. Zhao Hai glanced at it. The height of this mountain is definitely something he has never seen before. Ten thousand meters, the top of the mountain is very flat, and the entire temple complex is on the top of this mountain.

The huge Buddha statue is in the temple complex, but the small living courtyard that was originally in front of the Big Buddha has disappeared. Now there is only a very tall cauldron there, which seems to be used to worship the Big Buddha. It was used for incense, but Zhao Hai felt bursts of Buddha power from the big cauldron, as if the big cauldron was a living creature.

Zhao Hai knew that the big cauldron might have been made from the materials of the small courtyard. They were affected by the Buddha's power and changed. They became the big cauldron. This is also a good thing for them, Zhao Hai He didn't pay much attention to it, and then he couldn't help but look around, feeling a feeling in his heart.

This interface is now unfamiliar to him. In this interface, there are countless mountains and countless plains, all covered with various plants, and there are also many monsters that can be seen from a distance. When you reach the sea, you can see as far as the eye can see, but what makes Zhao Hai most happy is that this space is always filled with Buddha power. It seems that all bad and negative emotions disappear completely when they get here.

The temperature here is neither high nor low, which makes people feel very comfortable. The plants here are covered with fruits, and the aura here is very lively. It can be said that the environment of the entire space is better than that of the Blood Killing Sect. Xuanwu Space is even better, which makes Zhao Hai very happy.

Later, Zhao Hai also noticed that the land in this space seemed to have an ability, that is, they neither increased nor decreased. Not only the land, but other things were the same, that is to say, no matter what you were from this space, If something is taken away from him, he will recover it in a blink of an eye. Although this is still not as good as Zhao Hai's space, it is really amazing. In other words, with this space, this space The supplies inside are endless for those who own them, which is really terrifying.

But after Zhao Hai discovered the ability of this space, his eyes lit up because he thought a little bit, if this space is integrated with the Xuanwu Space, will the Xuanwu Space also have such an ability? If the Xuanwu Space also has such an ability, then he really won't have to worry about anything in the future. The best concealment has already appeared, and he doesn't have to worry about others discovering the existence of the space in his body. .

Just when Zhao Hai was lamenting the power of this space, he suddenly discovered that there was a black iron bowl at the feet of a big Buddha statue. This surprised Zhao Hai. He really didn't expect it. , there is actually an iron bowl here. This iron bowl looks dark and very inconspicuous. Zhao Hai really didn't notice him at first, but now he did.

This iron bowl does not look very big, as if it is just an ordinary alms bowl used by monks, but Zhao Hai feels that this iron bowl must not be simple, but Zhao Hai has not discovered why it is not simple.