c7769 arrange

Zhao Hai glanced at Fa Jing and the others, and then said: "The so-called two-way energy transmission array is actually very easy to understand. It is used to transmit energy, but the energy it transmits is somewhat special. This energy method The array can transmit two types of energy, one is the power of faith, and the other is a trace of high-level energy. In other words, this array transmits the power of faith in the person who uses the array to this array. The true master of the array, and the true master of the array will, when necessary, release a trace of energy in his body to bless those who use the array."

Everyone was stunned, including Fajing and the others. They were not fools. Although what Zhao Hai said was very convoluted, they still understood what Zhao Hai meant. In other words, Fajing and the others had been Since then, they have been providing people with the power of faith, and when necessary, the other party will send a trace of energy into their bodies to strengthen their combat effectiveness.

Provide others with the power of faith? Isn’t that what believers do? Fajing and the others all thought about this problem at the same time. Although there are no real believers in Wanshan Realm, in many cases, ordinary civilians are almost the same as believers. Since they joined After the Blood Killing Sect, Fajing and the others also knew what a letter slave was, so they knew very well what a letter slave was. How could they calm down when they thought of being treated as a letter slave.

Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "But in my opinion, the other party's use of this magic circle should be an automatic magic circle, that is, you will usually pass this magic circle to give The other party provides the power of faith, and when you want to use the Dharma, the magic circle will automatically absorb a trace of energy from the other party, and then bless your Dharma. This is a bit like a transaction."

Fajing and the others from the Wanshan Realm all looked very ugly. He didn't think this was a deal. The deal was about your willingness and my willingness, but the other party did it without them even knowing it. They made this deal, which in itself treated them as inferior people. How could they be happy?

Zhao Hai glanced at Fa Jing and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "But fortunately, this kind of magic circle can actually be removed, so you can actually remove this kind of magic circle, but there is one thing. It is very necessary to make it clear that if you remove this magic circle, then you will not be able to receive any energy blessings from people in the upper realm in the future, and the power of your magic may become smaller. Are you really sure? Do you want to do this?”

Zhao Hai clearly asked Fa Jing and the others. Fa Jing stood up with an ugly face. He bowed to Zhao Hai and said, "Amitabha, Sect Master, we are all elders of the Blood Killing Sect, how can we be giving gifts to others?" Providing the power of faith, please rest assured, sect master, we will destroy this magic circle immediately after we return."

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, I will protect you when the time comes. Let me talk about this magic circle. Although this magic circle is a two-way transmission magic circle, in fact, I think, The talismans used in this kind of magic array are actually very useful. I have done experiments before. Although there are only ten talismans in this kind of magic array, there are many changes. Yu Ming is right. , there are really too many subsequent changes to this magic formation, but its uses are also very huge. I have some research and experimental data on those formation talismans. Yu Ming, please take it back and study it." said After Zhao Hai took out a jade slip, he threw it directly to Wen Yuming.

Wen Yuming took the jade slip, bowed to Zhao Hai, and then sat down. Zhao Hai then said: "The research goal of the sect below is about the use of Dharma. We can make a hypothesis. We ourselves The Dharma form must be used in the future, but we have also studied another Dharma form before, which is the Kung Fu blessing array, and we can also combine our external incarnation with this Dharma array, so I was just thinking, can we combine our Dharma, Kung Fu blessing Dharma, and external incarnation together? It would be even better if we add the power of blood. This will be our next step. Something to focus on for a while.”

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. They immediately understood that if this was really the case, then their combat effectiveness would definitely be improved, and it would be improved very quickly. This is very important to them. To be honest, it is too important, and it is also very important to the entire Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai then said: "I have said before that the two-way energy transmission array can transmit some higher-level energy to the user's body and bless the energy on the user's body. It is precisely because of the blessing of this kind of energy that the Dharma in Wanshan Realm is so powerful. And we will not use these magic circles in the future, so our Dharma should not be as powerful as those in Wanshan Realm. The dharma used by the sect is so strong. If we, the Blood Killing Sect’s disciples, encounter a situation where we have a dharma that is so powerful, we will suffer a loss in using the dharma. That’s why we came up with this method. If we can really If it succeeds, then we don’t have to worry about this matter anymore, do you understand?”

Wen Wenhai and the others said at the same time: "Yes, we understand." Wen Wenhai and the others really understood what Zhao Hai meant. They had always felt strange when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect used their Dharma in the real illusion. Because those Dharma signs did not seem to be as powerful as Wen Wenhai said, this made them very puzzled. They didn't know why this was happening. Now they finally understood that it was because he did not use the two-way energy transmission array. Therefore, they cannot get the blessing of the energy from the upper realm, so their Dharma appearance is much worse than what Fa Jing and others say.

Now that they know the reason, and Zhao Hai also gave a solution, they have a general direction. They will try it first to see if this method is feasible. If this method is feasible, then If they can use this method, it will solve a big trouble.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others, nodded, and then said: "The main reason I called you here today is to talk about this matter. Okay, let's go and go and do your own business. Yu Ming, You should be very busy in the next period of time, studying these new formation talismans, they are of great use."

Wen Yuming responded, Zhao Hai waved his hands, and everyone stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, and then turned around and left. Zhao Hai stopped Fa Jing and the others. After everyone else left, Zhao Hai Hai said to Fajing and the others: "Let's go and solve your problems first. I will come to protect you personally."

Fa Jing and the others all agreed. They knew very well that what Zhao Hai was talking about was the two-way energy transmission array in their Dharma image. This matter must be resolved, otherwise, they would always be the slaves of others. , which made them feel very uncomfortable.

Zhao Hai led a few people and said in a deep voice while walking forward: "The magic circle at your Dharma Prime Minister's place has basically taken shape. If you take away the two-way energy transmission magic circle, it may affect your magic circle." For the overall operation, a magic circle must be added, but I haven't thought of what magic circle to use to supplement it, but I have some ideas, so for the time being, you will be in the two-way transmission magic circle. Just add an ordinary magic circle. I have already thought of it for you. Just use a spirit gathering array. After a while, after I have successfully tested it, I will replace this spirit gathering array."

Fa Jing and the others nodded. They didn't know much about the magic circle, so in this regard, they must listen to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai then said: "The reason why I want you to take The most important thing about removing this two-way energy transmission array is that I am worried that someone will use this array to attack you."

At this point, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "The two-way energy transmission array, although it can only transmit energy, will also allow you to establish a trace of contact with the other party. If the other party wants to deal with you, it will be completely You can use this two-way energy transmission array to deal with you. This is like establishing a bridge between you and the other party. The other party can directly attack you through this bridge, just like using a curse. The curse is completely It can directly enter your body through the two-way energy transmission array, which is not a good thing for you, so this array must be removed."

Fa Jing and the others all responded, but their faces were all very ugly. Of course, they were not angry with Zhao Hai, but they were scared. If it hadn't been for joining the Blood Killing Sect, they might never have known it in their lives. Understand, it turns out that there is a magic circle specially planted by others in my body. Isn't this the same as planting a nail of the other party in my body? Once this nail breaks out, it will be really terrible. They may not even know how they died.

Zhao Hai didn't care about Fa Jing's and their faces, but continued to say: "The removal of the magic circle this time may also be dangerous for us, so you must be careful, which is why I want to The reason why I personally protect you is here."

Zhao Hai led a few people to a side hall. This was usually a small conference room, but it was not often used. Now no one would disturb them. Zhao Hai wanted them to get rid of them here. Remove the two-way energy transmission circle in their bodies, and he personally protects them.

Fajing and the others sat down, but Fajing did not start immediately. Instead, he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, every sect has this kind of two-way energy transmission array. Does that mean, Are all the people in the Wanshan Realm slaves of others? Have they always provided people with the power of faith? But who was given this power of faith in the end? It couldn’t be the sect leaders of each sect, right?" This is what Fajing has always said. He finally couldn't help asking the question.