c7765 Special array

Before, Zhao Hai and the others thought that the Dharma in Wanshan Realm was too magical. Now it seems that the Dharma in Wanshan Realm is not that magical, and all the Dharma in Wanshan Realm require the use of magic circles. Yes, so the Dharma practice in Wanshan Realm is also divided into several levels. The first level is to determine your Dharma form first. This Dharma form can be anything, but if you want to make your Dharma form more powerful in the future, If it is large, then this Dharma Appearance must be consistent with your practice and your attributes. No matter whether the Dharma Appearance is simple or not, as long as it can achieve these two points, then your Dharma Appearance will be considered a qualified Dharma Appearance.

The second level is to start adding the most basic magic circle. This magic circle has a certain blessing effect on the dharma. Moreover, the energy consumption of the dharma after adding the magic circle will be reduced, although it will not be too low. But it won’t be too little, so this step is still very important.

Zhao Hai and the others had learned this step before at the Black and White Battlefield, so this step is a must for all those who study Dharma. And the magic circle at the beginning is actually from the same sect as you, so it is not too different. The big relationship is that almost everyone must use this magic circle at the beginning. In fact, there are many such choices. People in Wanshan Realm originally had many initial magic circles, but after After years of development, the number of initial magic formations has not increased, but has actually decreased. Now there are only a dozen types of initial magic formations used by various sects in Wanshan Realm, among which the most commonly used one is Ninety-nine percent of people will choose it, and the remaining 1% will choose other dozens of magic circles.

The reason why there are fewer and fewer initial magic formations is because the initial magic formation you choose will have a great impact on your future practice, and the initial magic formation that is most often chosen by people, In fact, it is a magic circle. It can be equipped with any kind of magic circle system in the future. You can choose according to your own situation, because sometimes, maybe at the beginning, you want to use a magic circle. system, but in the end you find that the array system is not suitable for you, and you can only change to another array system in the end. However, if what you choose at the beginning is not the initial array of all-purpose elixir, but your final array system. If you want to use the initial array of the array system, it is almost impossible to change it to other array systems. Therefore, after many such things happened in Wanshan Realm, it is generally When people choose the initial magic circle, they will always choose the snake oil magic circle.

The third level is to start adding some other magic formations on the basis of this initial magic formation. The magic formations added this time will slowly form a magic formation system, so this step is also very important. , the research on magic formations in Wanshan Realm is much worse than that of the Blood Killing Sect, so people in Wanshan Realm generally emphasize the word stability in their magic formation system, and they have reached this point. They must add their sect's unique magic circle into their own magic circle system. This magic circle will bring various abilities to their magic form, which is very effective.

There is nothing much to say about the remaining layers. On the basis of the first three layers of dharma and dharma formations, we will continue to add dharma formations, strengthen the power of the dharma formations, and finally make those dharma appearances more powerful. , if there are enough magic circles blessed on your Dharma Appearance, then your Dharma Appearance will consume less spiritual energy, and you can use the Dharma Appearance for a longer period of time. In this way, your strength will naturally be strong enough, so Wanshan The masters in the world are all extremely powerful.

Zhao Hai is actually not very interested in these. What he is really interested in are the unique magic formations in various sects in Wanshan Realm. When all disciples enter the third level, their magic blessings In the magic circle, there must be a magic circle unique to the sect. If not, it will be considered a betrayal of the sect and will be treated as a crime of treason.

From this point, Zhao Hai can see that there must be something wrong with the magic formations unique to each sect, but what the problem is, Zhao Hai still can't figure it out. He has to go to Wanshan Realm to slowly Only by slowly checking it out would he truly know what the sect's unique magic circle was used for.

But no matter what, it is true that the monks in Wanshan Realm are very strong. Under normal circumstances, some of the big nobles in Wanshan Realm can actually use Dharma. In other words, they The strength is at least similar to that of ordinary disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, because people who are weak in strength cannot use the Dharma Form. If people who are too weak use the Dharma Appearance, they will be directly absorbed by the Dharma Appearance when it is generated. All the mana on their body will eventually absorb all the energy on their body, and they will be sucked directly into a mummy. Therefore, in Wanshan Realm, there is also a standard for practicing Dharma. It is absolutely unacceptable if the strength is too low.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai requires that all Blood Killing Sect disciples must practice Dharma and practice to a certain degree before they can finally enter the Wanshan Realm. In any case, Wanshan Realm The people there can withstand the attack of the Shadow Clan, which shows that they still have some abilities. The guys from the Shadow Clan usually spend a long time preparing before taking action, and they will carry out attacks on the targets they want to attack. Infiltrate, and then let the target become chaotic first. Only when the target's strength becomes very poor due to the chaos, will they really start to attack.

Under such circumstances, the fact that the guys in Wanshan Realm can still withstand the attack of the Shadow Tribe people shows that they are indeed very powerful, especially after Zhao Hai refined the Eight Tribes of Tianlong Realm, he I have a very intuitive feeling about the strength of Wanshan Realm.

Wanshan's strength is very strong. This can be seen from their inner space magic weapon. His inner space magic weapon is indeed very powerful. It is a real and complete inner space. It has such A person from the inner space cannot be weak in strength. If nothing else, he should be regarded as a person from the inner space city. The power of faith provided to him will be endless, so in Wanshan Realm, There will definitely be masters, and they will be top masters.

Of course, this does not mean that the inner space in Wanshan Realm must be as powerful as the Tianlong Babu Realm. In fact, Zhao Hai absolutely believes that the inner space magic weapons in Wanshan Realm are probably not comparable to All the materials in the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons and the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragons were collected by the Jade Buddha Temple. It took them such a long time to collect these materials and then refine them into magical weapons. This is not something that ordinary sects can do, so Zhao Hai believes that the inner space magic weapons of other sects will definitely not be stronger than those of the Eight Tribes of Heaven and Dragon.

But Zhao Hai still dare not underestimate the people of Wanshan Realm, because he knows very well that even if the inner space magic weapons in Wanshan Realm are not as good as those of Tianlong Babu Realm, they are not necessarily much weaker. , because their inner space is also made of heavenly materials and earthly treasures, because it is too difficult to refine this kind of inner space magic weapon, and the main materials are also very rare. No one will waste this opportunity. , as long as they get something that can refine the inner space magic weapon, they will definitely try their best to collect the best materials, so their inner space will definitely not be too bad, and such enemies will definitely not be difficult to deal with.

There are top masters holding inner space magic weapons, and the disciples below can also use Dharma, and have the strength to fight against the Shadow Clan. Under such circumstances, if he still dares to underestimate the people in Wanshan Realm, then he will He is really looking for death, so Zhao Hai must be fully prepared.

Looking at the people in the hall, everyone understood what he meant, and Zhao Hai said to everyone: "Okay, everyone already knows the situation, so I won't say more. In the next time, we will focus on training. Is there no problem?" Everyone shook their heads in unison, of course they didn't have any problem.

Zhao Hai soon calmed down. He glanced at everyone, and then said: "Okay, as long as there are no problems, let's all disperse. Who can enter the Tianlong Babu Realm to practice? I won’t say much more. Everyone can go, but the area in the Tianlong Babu Realm is much smaller than our Xuanwu Space, so you must first understand the situation in the Tianlong Babu Realm before arranging people. Entering the world of Tianlong and Babu, this speed is controlled by you, I don't care, go ahead." Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted to Zhao Hai, then turned and left.

Zhao Hai also returned to the space. He had to study carefully the runes that Fa Jing and the others had obtained before, especially those magic formations unique to the sect. Zhao Hai always felt that those magic formations were used by the law. The key is, that's why he is so concerned.

Because Zhao Hai discovered a problem, that is, most of the runes and magic circles used in the Wanshan World are actually in the same line as the magic circles and runes in the Cultivation World. There is nothing special about them, but Wanshan World The sect-specific magic formations used by various sects in the mountain world are very different from the magic formations they usually use. Those magic formations seem simple, but Zhao Hai carefully studied and found that those magic formations The magic circle is definitely not simple, it can even be said to be very complicated.

The reason why those magic formations are very complicated is because those magic formations are actually like numbers. Although the number seems to be very simple, with only ten numbers, when these numbers are combined, they can be combined into countless numbers. numbers, and those magic formations are also the same.

Those magic circles seem to be very simple. There are only a few runes in the magic circle, and only these few runes seem to be used constantly and in turn. However, when these runes are combined together, they become something completely different. It seems that this is the scariest place, and it is also the place that Zhao Hai likes the most, because he feels that he seems to have touched the real core of the magic circle. This kind of magic circle system may be the real core of the magic circle. Well, if this is really the case, then he must study it carefully. He really wants to see what this magic circle does.