c7772 progress

Zhao Hai was sitting in his room, one of his biological brains was calculating quickly. Zhao Hai suddenly discovered that their Blood Killing Sect's optical brain actually had one advantage compared to computers, and that was their The optical brain can have some soul power added to it, and if this soul power is added to their optical brain, their optical brain will have a core, and the blood killing sect disciples use The power of the soul is actually the power of one's own soul, which is very important, because if you use the power of your own soul, you will never have to worry that the power of the soul will betray you. .

Zhao Hai just thought before that he would turn his biological brain into a real computer and enhance the computing power of his computer, but he did not include the soul power in the calculation. If he really gave the soul power to If taken into account, their computers would never be what they are now.

It is precisely because of this discovery that Zhao Hai is preparing to make all-round improvements to his optical brain. The most important point is to reprogram it to include the power of the soul, and then see what happens. What kind of results could there be, so he first used the modified optical brain to perform calculations. After all, the computing power of that computer was much stronger than that of several other biological brains.

Soon, the computer had sent the calculation results to Zhao Hai. After Zhao Hai saw the calculation results, he couldn't help but smile, because the calculation results were really good. Judging from the calculation results, the soul It is absolutely feasible to add it to programming. In that case, it will become another form of external avatar. The optical brain will really become your external avatar, and it will also have super computing power and can do a lot. The external incarnation of things.

After seeing the calculation results, Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief, and then he was going to conduct an experiment with another biological brain to see what the results were. If the results were good, then this method could really be extended to the entire world. The Blood Killing Sect is dead, and this result is also very important to the Blood Killing Sect.

As the pieces of coding slowly took shape, Zhao Hai became more and more confident. It took Zhao Hai a few days to complete the coding. Then he made some deductions and found that there were no problems. After that, Zhao Hai directly activated the biological brain.

Then the biological brain started up, and Zhao Hai felt that his brain seemed to be clearer than ever before. He then paid attention to the biological brain next to him that used the original program. Immediately, all the information of the biological brain appeared in his In his mind, it was as if he had an extremely powerful biological computer in his mind.

Upon seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. Although this ability seems inconspicuous, it is actually very powerful. He can calculate how strong your enemy is and what abilities he has. This is very important for a monk.

Then Zhao Hai began to transform the first biological brain, replacing the original program in the biological brain with a new program. This made Zhao Hai feel that his computing power was even more powerful. He breathed a sigh of relief and did not continue to transform other biological brains because he did not want to transform all those biological brains too early. He had to use these two biological brains for a while to see if there would be any If there is no problem, then it is not too late to improve other biological brains. Now these two biological brains are enough.

Zhao Hai also calculated that the utilization rate of this kind of biological brain with the new program has reached an astonishing over 80%. At most, the utilization rate can reach 90%. This is a very scary number, so Zhao Hai is very satisfied with the current procedure.

What he has to do now is actually very simple, which is to deduce the several things he had thought about before as quickly as possible. The first is the two-way energy transfer array. This array must be made. Come out, because he still hopes that this kind of magic circle can integrate all the energy in their bodies to make the blood killing sect's magic more powerful.

Soon following Zhao Hai's idea, his two biological brains began to calculate with all their strength. The two biological brains were not independent, they were connected together. In other words, they were calculating. At the same time, it performs calculations like a super computer, rather than like two small computers that perform calculations separately.

By performing calculations like a computer, the computer's computing power can become extremely powerful. This is a very scary thing. Therefore, not long after Zhao Hai issued the order, the biological brain already had The result was obtained. This calculation speed is definitely beyond Zhao Hai's imagination.

Zhao Hai took a careful look at the results, and finally found that the results in the computer seemed to be really good. The computer had improved the two-way energy transmission array, and the result of this improvement was really It is very surprising, because this improvement has many results. Different magic circles are used for different energies, the methods of using the magic circle are also different, and the position also has certain requirements, but it will definitely be very effective.

It's like a two-way energy array used on blood. This two-way energy array can only be used to activate blood vessels in the human body, and the position of the array must be the position of the heart. As for what Zhao Hai said , the skills and blessings of the Dharma must also be integrated into the Dharma itself. There is also a corresponding two-way energy transmission array here, and this two-way energy transmission array is actually very scary. This kind of array can not only The exercises and blessings are linked to your own dharma, and can also be used to inspire your exercises and blessings.

If you want to be blessed by the exercises during your lifetime, you must first have a condition, that is, you must be able to use the exercises to be blessed. The blessing of the exercises depends on how well you understand the exercises. Even if you If you understand a set of exercises very well, you can already use the exercises for blessings. You cannot use the exercises for blessings at any time. Like Zhao Hai, you can use the exercises with every move of your hand and every move. The blessing situation can be said to be unique.

But if you use this kind of two-way energy transmission array that is specially used for power techniques, then it is very simple when you want to use the power techniques. You only need to use that kind of power method, and then Using this kind of magic circle, you can directly enter the blessings of the exercises. It's that simple.

It can be said that this two-way energy transmission array changes all the debugging that you originally need to do by yourself into a fool mode. You only need to use this array, and then this array will help everything. You have completed it. Of course, there is a condition for this, that is, you must do it first. In other words, you must first learn the exercises and blessings, and then use this magic circle. Only then can this magic circle be used. Array, record the feeling when you use the exercise blessing. The next time you use the exercise, you can immediately enter the state of exercise blessing when you use this method. If you only know this exercise, But if you have not reached the level of skill blessing, then it is useless for you to use this two-way energy transmission array.

There are also two-way energy transmission arrays that can be used on Buddha's power, and two-way energy transmission arrays that can be used on external incarnations. These Dharma transmission arrays have a mother array. As long as you put the mother array into your own Then you can contact several sub-arrays at any time and concentrate all the power of the sub-arrays into the mother array. Then the power of your Dharma image will naturally become greater.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief when he looked at these magic formations. With these two optical brains, it will be easier to do anything in the future. The development of the Blood Killing Sect will also be faster in the future. Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel even more happy. He immediately stood up and walked out of his room.

When he arrived outside, he saw Laura and the others were still busy there. Zhao Hai did not disturb them, but slowly walked to them and took a look at what they were doing. Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded, Laura and the others are really geniuses. What they are doing now is researching a new program, and they are almost successful. He calculated that this new program is similar to the program he is using now, but it will be more It's simpler.

This is understandable to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai's biological brain itself is larger and has more resources than the biological brains used by other people. Therefore, the programs that his biological brain can use are not necessarily available to other biological brains. It works, and the program Laura and the others have come up with now is very good. This program is suitable for everyone and is specially prepared for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at Laura and the others. He decided that after Laura and the others completed the program, he would announce the matter to the public and at the same time, give those two-way energy transmission arrays to the public. Take it out, because this kind of two-way energy transmission array will be very troublesome to use if it is not controlled by a good optical brain, so he has to wait until Laura and the others come up with this new program.

Laura and the others were very serious as soon as they started working. Zhao Hai had been standing there for a long time, but none of them noticed Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai didn't even think about disturbing them, he just stood there and watched for a while. , he went directly back to his room. He had a lot to do and didn't waste much time.

First of all, Zhao Hai wanted to see when he could turn all the talismans in his body into spherical magic arrays. Then he also wanted to see if he could improve this situation so that he could His strength becomes stronger. These are all things that must be done, because when he goes to Wanshan Realm, he will encounter various masters who are still extremely powerful. He must be careful. He must be armed now. Own.

The second is that he needs to use programs to edit all the things he knows. This is also very important, because when he encounters an enemy in the future, he can directly use all those things. It will be more convenient.