c7779 Mutation

Tianxuan Sect is a Taoist sect. It is no exaggeration to say that it is the largest sect in the entire Wanshan Realm. There are countless masters in the sect and many disciples. They have already established sects outside. It can be said that it has a profound foundation. No one can compare with it. It is no exaggeration to say that he is the leader in practicing the white way. The Taoist leader standing at the front of the crowd at Sword of the Abyss is from Tianxuan Sect. His name is Tianjizi, and he is the elder of Tianxuan Sect's Foreign Affairs Hall. He has a high status in Tianxuan Sect and is nicknamed Qingtian Yiqi Sword.

Leiyin Zen Temple is also the largest temple in Buddhism. It is the leader of Buddhism. It is said that there are 360 ​​kinds of unique skills in this temple, all of which can directly lead to the great road to heaven. The disciples of the sect go around to build temples with great power. How much worse is the Tiandao Sect? And the monk standing next to Tianjizi was the elder of Leiyin Temple, the elder of Jiujie, the Golden Buddha of Fu Mo.

Tianxuan Sect and Leiyin Temple are now the two super sects in the Wanshan Realm. They have always controlled the entire Wanshan Realm alliance. Their influence in the Wanshan Realm is even greater. In the Wanshan Realm, If you really want to check, you will find that there are many small sects, and their first generation ancestors actually came from these two sects.

It is precisely because of this that Tieduo dare not show any disrespect in front of Jiujie. Although Xuanjia Sect can be considered an above-average sect, compared with a large sect like Leiyin Temple, They were just too far apart. It was no exaggeration to say that it would be too easy for Leiyin Zen Temple to deal with them.

After hearing what he said, Jiujie just snorted and didn't say anything else. But just like that, a layer of cold sweat appeared on Tieduo's forehead. He didn't dare to wipe it off, but just bowed his body. He stood there looking very pitiful, and everyone around him looked at him with sympathy.

"Master Jiujie, there is no need to be angry. There is nothing here in the Sword of the Abyss, and no one wants to come, so it is understandable that they did not discover the situation here. This is not their fault. I I have just seen it. There is indeed no one on this mountain. There is not even the breath of a strong person left on this mountain. I just used mental arithmetic to make a deduction, but the result is unclear. I don’t know at all. Whoever is promoted here may be a casual cultivator. There are many casual cultivators on both sides of the abyss. There is no guarantee that there will not be one or two amazingly talented people among them. If they advance here at the Sword of the Abyss, If so, it's not surprising that the mountain here in the Sword of the Abyss suddenly grew taller. It's not surprising that he left after being promoted. After all, the aura in the Abyss is thin, so it's really not a good place to build a cave. "Tianjizi suddenly said at this time.

When Tie Tuo heard what Tianjizi said, he couldn't help but breathed a sigh of relief, and then he immediately said: "Yes, Elder Tianjizi is right. In fact, when we just discovered that there was an abnormality here in the Sword of the Abyss, we already did After some investigation, we finally found that the spiritual energy here in the Sword of the Abyss is indeed thinner than before, and when we discovered that there was a change here, we no longer knew how long the opponent had been away, and the opponent was about to advance. It requires a lot of spiritual energy, so the spiritual energy at that time was thin. It was probably because the opponent had consumed all his spiritual energy when he was promoted. However, when we found out, it was when the spiritual energy had not recovered yet, so we invited two elders. Mingjian.”

When they heard what he said, everyone couldn't help but nodded, but Jiujie snorted softly and said: "If it's just like this, then it's nothing, but what I'm worried about is the one who can destroy us and the Shadow Clan. What if they come out of the black and white battlefield? That will bring great changes to our Wanshan Realm."

"Tie Tuo, didn't you say that you left a sealing formation in the space passage here? Has there been any change in that formation?" Elder Tianjizi suddenly spoke and asked Tie Tuo a question directly. Obviously , He is actually worried about what Elder Jiujie is worried about, otherwise he would not ask this question at all.

Tie Tuo immediately said: "As Elder Huitian Jizi said, there is no problem at all..." As soon as he finished speaking, his expression suddenly changed, and then he looked at a cave on the mountain with cold eyes. , and then said to Tianjizi: "Elder Tianjizi, I just discovered that our seal is broken."

When Tianjizi heard what Tie Tuo said, his face couldn't help but change slightly. Then he moved and directly entered the cave that Tie Tuo was looking at before. He knew that that cave was the space where he entered the black and white battlefield. passage, so he entered the cave directly to see if the space passage was really open.

The expressions of everyone else also changed, especially Jiujie. He also moved and followed Tianjizi into the cave. The others quickly followed. They must know the space in that cave. Passage, did he really appear?

The cave was actually very huge. Of course, it was not so huge originally. The cave was originally a naturally formed cave on the mountain. I don’t know when it started, but a space passage appeared there, and finally it became a black and white battlefield. , after it became the passage into the Black and White Battlefield, it has been expanded several times, so the area there is very huge. At least these hundreds of people entered the cave, but it did not seem crowded at all.

After Tianjizi entered the cave, he looked around, but he frowned slightly, and then he said in a deep voice: "Tie Tuo, come here, didn't you say there is your seal here? Where?" After Tie Jizi entered the cave, he found that it seemed to be an ordinary cave. There was really nothing strange about it. He even thought he had seen it wrong, so he asked.

Tie Tuo hurriedly arrived at Tianjizi's side and looked around. Finally, he set his sights on the innermost mountain wall of the cave. Then he flew over and looked at the mountain wall carefully. He closed his eyes again and felt for a while, then he suddenly said: "Elder Tianjizi, it turns out that our seal is here, and this should be the location of the space passage, but now the space passage and our sealing array have all disappeared. Gone.”

Tianjizi was stunned and came to where Tieduo was. Jiujie also followed him there. Both of them were masters. They felt it casually and immediately felt the remaining energy fluctuations there. Then they looked around again. After taking a quick look, their eyes fell on the surrounding mountain walls, and their eyes couldn't help but shrink.

Then Tianjizi said in a deep voice: "There is nothing wrong with this place being supposed to be a space passage. I have been here before, and it was not expanded to such a big place at that time, but I still have some impressions of this place. The space passage is not very big. , but the location is indeed here, and the mountain wall here is also different from other places, so it should be correct, but why is the space passage here missing?"

Jiujie said in a deep voice: "The space channel here has not been used for a long time. However, according to those who exited the black and white battlefield, this space channel was still there originally. When they came out, they returned the teleportation array. It’s destroyed, Tie Tuo, write a letter to your sect right away. I remember your sect seems to have a teleportation array that can enter the black and white battlefield, right? Has it been destroyed?”

Tie Tuo immediately said: "It has not been destroyed. I will write to the sect immediately and let them try it to see if the teleportation array can be used." After saying that, Tie Tuo immediately took out a small teleportation array. , then took out another jade slip, entered some content into the jade slip, and then directly placed the jade slip on the teleportation array. Then the light flashed on the teleportation array, and the jade slip disappeared. It had obviously been teleported. gone.

At this time, Tianjizi also said: "Everyone spread out and take a look. Maybe the position of the space channel has been moved. Remember, if there is any new discovery, the alarm will be discovered immediately. If not, we will alert you in an hour." , are still gathering here, I thought that by that time, there should be news from Tieduo, let's take action." Everyone responded, although they were from different sects, but no one dared to offend Tianjizi, So naturally everything was done according to Tianjizi's words.

After Tianjizi and Jiujie saw the others leaving, they looked at each other. Tianjizi said in a deep voice: "Master Jiujie, what do you think?" Although they are in the same alliance as Jiujie, the two The relationship between the sects is not necessarily that good. In fact, their relationship is not only bad, but also a competitive relationship. But they all know very well that usually the two families can fight and fight, but if their enemies If they are from the Shadow Clan, then they must unite, and in their opinion, this matter is likely to be related to the Shadow Clan.

Jiu Jie said in a deep voice: "I asked people who came out of the Black and White Battlefield, and they all said that when they came out, the Black and White Battlefield was completely occupied by the Shadow Clan. They really had no choice. They withdrew from the Black and White Battlefield, so they had always believed that there could never be any third force in the Black and White Battlefield. All of this must be the conspiracy of the Shadow Tribe. In fact, I thought so too, except for the Shadow Tribe. , I’m afraid no one can seal this space channel, right?”

Tianjizi looked at Jiujie and said in a deep voice: "Elder Jiujie, do you think it was the Shadow Clan who blocked this space passage? Do you have any evidence?" Tianjizi really wanted to hear it. On what basis did Elder Jiujie infer this result? This made him very curious.

Jiu Jie said in a deep voice: "Our dealings with the Shadow Clan people have been going on for more than a day or two. You should also know what those guys in the Shadow Clan are like and how powerful they are. And what is the thing in the Shadow Clan that we are most afraid of?" , you should also know that if there were not those few magic weapons to control these years, do you think the power of the Shadow Clan's laws would never be able to cross the endless abyss? So for us, the black and white battlefield may be just a trial It’s a place, but for the Shadow Clan people, the meaning there may be different, right?”