c7771 Imagine

"These two plans are the two plans I came up with after thinking for a long time. If there are no problems, then every disciple in the sect must have these two plans. One is Replace the spirit gathering array with the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool. The energy provided by the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool is more powerful, but there is also a problem here, that is, the power provided by the Yin-Yang Thunder Pool is too powerful, which may cause an imbalance in the array. , so this plan is just an idea now, and it must go through many tests before we know whether it is successful or not."

"The other plan is that I am going to create a two-way energy transmission array. However, this two-way energy transmission array is only for us to use. One array is installed in our bodies, and the other one is installed in our bodies. The array is installed on our external incarnation. You also know that our external incarnation can provide us with some energy at any time. All of this energy comes from the Yin and Yang Lei Pond, and this two-way energy transmission array , it can also make the connection between us and the incarnation outside the body closer, but the effect needs to be understood carefully."

As soon as Fajing and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. Fajing said: "Sect Master, do you prefer to use the second plan? Because once this two-way energy transmission array is successfully established, , then we ourselves and the external incarnation are completely integrated, and even our magic circle is integrated with the external incarnation. By then, if we really use the Dharma, the effect may be It will be even better, and we can even completely combine the Dharma with our external incarnation. As long as we think of ways to combine the power of the exercises to bless the Dharma and the power of blood with the Dharma, then the Dharma of our Blood Killing Sect will be better. Even if the system is truly established, this dharma system is different from any sect's dharma system in Wanshan Realm, but it is not weaker than that sect's dharma system at all, and is even better than that of that sect's dharma system. Are the dharma systems of those sects more powerful?"

Zhao Hai smiled and nodded and said, "Yes, that's what I mean. Do you think it's feasible?" Zhao Hai did think so, and it was exactly what Fa Jing and the others said. He really wanted to use the second set of plans, because the benefits of this set of plans are greater and the risks are smaller, because the second set of plans transmits energy to the Dharma through a two-way energy transmission array, so that they can better By controlling the amount of energy, there won't be any surprises. More importantly, it can bring them one step closer to the connection with their external incarnation.

Fa Jing said solemnly: "I think it's feasible, but it requires a lot of experiments." Fa Jing and the others still know too little about the magic circle, so they actually don't have much to say on this matter. Right, so they can only say that, after all, this aspect is not their strong point.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Okay, I will handle this matter. You can go and do your own business. Shi Jin, you need to communicate more with the Kirigakure clan. I think there may be more to communicate between you." Go ahead." Several people all responded, and Shi Jin nodded heavily, then saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left.

The reason why Zhao Hai asked Shi Jin to communicate more with the Kirigakure clan was because he knew that Shi Jin and the others were actually very powerful, and in his opinion, the abilities of the Kirigakure clan were very suitable for Shi Jin to use. Yes, of course this can also be said in reverse, the Kirigakure clan is actually very suitable for learning those things from the Shikinkai.

After Zhao Hai saw them leaving, he ducked and returned to the space. When he arrived in the space, he found Laura and the others were busy, but Laura and the others also saw Zhao Hai. As soon as they saw Zhao Hai, Laura He immediately said, "How about Brother Hai? Fajing and the others have settled their matters."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "It's been taken care of. I also gave some digital rune information to Yu Ming and the others, but I didn't give the programming to Yu Ming and the others, I just let them learn it. I have learned how to use some digital runes, but I have an idea, that is, to design a two-way energy transmission array, and use this energy transmission array between the Dharma and the external incarnation. What do you think? how?"

When he told Fa Jing and the others about this matter, he would go into more detail, but when he told Laura and the others, he didn't need to be so detailed, because Laura and the others were all magic circle masters. As long as he said , then Laura and the others will understand immediately, so he only needs to mention it.

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she was stunned at first, and then said with bright eyes: "Yes, I think it must be possible, Brother Hai, this idea is really great, and I think, It's not enough to just combine it with the external incarnation. You can also combine it with the light brain, combine it with the blessing method, and combine it with the power of blood. Brother Hai, I found that as long as we have this kind of digital runes and Once we program energy, the possibilities are endless.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he stayed there for a moment. He never thought that Laura's idea would be so crazy. He used the magic circle to connect all the energies together, and he transferred the energy What does the magic circle mean? But when he thought about programming, he suddenly felt that Laura's idea was not impossible. He could treat the two-way energy transmission array as data lines, and this data line could Many things are directly connected to the human computer, and the computer can use these things.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but said with bright eyes: "Yes, Laura, your idea is very good. Let's do this. You guys study programming first, and I will handle some other things." After saying this, Zhao Hai said: Hai was about to leave. Now he was suddenly inspired and wanted to conduct an experiment right away.

As soon as Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said: "Brother Hai, what are you going to deal with?" Laura really didn't understand what Zhao Hai was going to deal with. If their previous assumptions were If it's really that good, then they can proceed directly to the next test. At this time, what else do they have to deal with?

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Do you think that with the two-way energy transmission array, everything will be fine? It won't be that simple. Things like the power of blood, the blessing of skills, and the optical brain, the first kind of things, can The transmitted energy is all different. We must first have some understanding of these energies, and then we can design a two-way energy transmission array that can be connected to these things at the same time. Only in this way can we make it possible , truly realizing your previous vision.”

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn't help but stick out her tongue and said to Zhao Hai: "You are still thoughtful, okay, then Brother Hai, go and learn about these energies. Now we have just learned how to program. If you want It will take some time to fully master it, so you can study it slowly."

Looking at Laura's naughty look, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. He hadn't seen Laura behave like this for a long time. He knew that Laura was because she was happy. Laura and the others had always been very fond of the magic circle. They are interested, but in recent years, they rarely study magic circles on their own, because they feel that their road to magic circles seems to have encountered a bottleneck, and they must think carefully about what to do in the future. This is very important to them, so they are actually in a confused state now. They don't know how to go about their magic circle.

At this time, this kind of digital rune appeared, and then Zhao Hai came up with the programming. This seemed to open a door to a new world for them. It was precisely because of this that they were so excited. Because they discovered that with this kind of digital rune, there seemed to be countless possibilities on the way to the magic circle. This really made them happy. It was precisely because of this that Laura was like this. Acting because she was so excited.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, you can study it slowly. I tell you, there are infinite possibilities for this kind of digital rune. You can study it slowly. I hope that one day, you can design A system will come out to connect all the disciples of our Blood Killing Sect. By that time, our Blood Killing Sect will be extremely powerful."

Laura nodded excitedly, and the others all looked at Zhao Hai excitedly. They were really happy, because the possibilities Zhao Hai mentioned really made them feel that their whole bodies were full of strength. I wish I could design a huge system now that can connect the entire Blood Killing Sect into one.

Zhao Haigang was about to leave when he suddenly remembered something. He immediately said to Laura and the others: "By the way, you must be careful. During the programming process, some very scary programs may appear, which are viruses. Viruses are Planting things is not completely useless or only harmful. I think viruses can actually be used as an attack weapon. If the virus can be combined with the power of curse, the effect may be better, but this process You must be careful. When you discover a virus, you must find a way to crack it as soon as possible, and then conduct research on this virus, otherwise it will be very dangerous." Zhao Hai also suddenly had this idea, That's why he mentioned it, because he was really worried that Laura and the others would come up with a virus, but they didn't find it. In that case, it would be really dangerous. You know, they have come out now. If these programs are not handled properly in the end, they will be used on Blood Killing Sect disciples. If there is really a virus, it will be too dangerous.

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, Laura couldn't help but her eyes lit up. She immediately nodded and said: "I understand, we really got two viruses you mentioned before, but after we discovered them, we immediately Just get rid of it. Now that I hear what you say, I think this aspect can be put to good use. If it is really solved, it may become a trump card for us to kill with blood."