c7778 Sword of the Abyss

This is a very strange continent. The area of ​​this continent is extremely huge, with rivers crisscrossing it. The most important thing is that there are countless mountains on it, and these mountains are all covered with a layer of mist, like fairy mountains. On the mainland, the vegetation is very lush, and everything is green as far as the eye can see, just like a piece of green emerald.

If you can shrink this continent, you will find that this continent is actually a huge island. The terrain of this continent from south to north is also very obvious. In the south of the continent, there is a In the ocean, there is a desert on the coast, with many cacti growing on it. In the desert, there are oases one after another, and people are active on them, but in general, it is still very desolate.

There is a mountain range to the north. This mountain range is composed of many branch mountains. It is like a city wall, blocking the desert in the south. This mountain is also very distinctive. It is close to the mountain in the south. The hillside was almost entirely covered with sand and gravel, and there were not many plants to be seen, making it look extremely desolate. However, its northern slope was covered with plants, lush and beautiful.

It can be said that this mountain has sacrificed half of its beauty, blocking the wind and sand on the south side of the mountain, and carrying the beauty on the north side of the mountain. After passing this mountain range, the entire continent becomes very beautiful, with various mountains covered with plants. The most important thing is that under this mountain, there will be a big river, and next to the big river , there will also be plains, and many people live on those plains.

All the way north, in the northernmost part of the continent, there is a land of ice and snow. It is a vast expanse of white and there is no life in sight. It is like an extinct area of ​​​​life, but it looks very beautiful there. People have a very confused feeling. The most important thing is that in this restricted area of ​​life, it is not that there is no life. There are still many lives moving here.

But if you can really shrink this continent, you will find that this continent should have been larger and more beautiful, because now this continent has been divided into two halves, with the west side The continent is shrouded in a layer of black air. It has been black all year round. No one can see clearly what is there, let alone what is there. The black air is like black smoke, covering the place. This area is completely covered. Only the area to the east has a normal terrain and has so many plants growing there, giving people a feeling of vitality.

But in the middle of the two continents, there is a huge crack that is wide and long, almost splitting the entire continent in half. This crack is extremely huge, and the widest part has reached about ten thousand miles. , the narrowest place is probably thousands of miles away.

However, there are countless iron ropes on this crack, connecting the two sides of the crack, and this crack is not straight, but intertwined, looking extremely ferocious and terrifying, but in a position in the middle of this piece, But there are small islands that are not very big.

Let’s call it a small island, because although there is no water in this crack, there is a void going down, and we don’t know how deep it is. And this small island is almost in the middle of this crack, no matter from Counting from north to south or from east to west, they are all in the middle position.

The location of this small island is also one of the places with the widest cracks. The width of the cracks here has reached a terrifying more than 15,000 miles, and the location of this small island is more than 7,000 miles away. It is less than 8,000 miles away, and from north to south, this island is right in the middle of the rift.

Although the area of ​​this island is not very large, it is not too small either. However, this island is very strange. It seems to be a mountain on top, and there is a peak on it. This peak is very high, as if It was like a long sword sticking out from the crack, piercing the sky.

On the east side of the crack, there are three thick iron chains leading to the small island, and from the west side of the crack, there are also two thick iron chains leading to the small island. The area of ​​this small island is actually not small. , the diameter can reach almost a thousand miles, but when placed on this huge crack, it seems very small.

Everyone who is familiar with this place knows that this is the Sword of the Abyss Island in the Wanshan Realm. The so-called Sword of the Abyss is named after this island. This island is actually a mountain, and the mountain is very high. , so it is called the Sword of the Abyss. On the Sword of the Abyss Island, there are many caves. Some of these caves are very large and are naturally formed. They are very deep. Some are very small, but they were dug out by people. living.

There are very few plants on the mountain, only some low shrubs, and these shrubs grow in strange shapes. They look like the incarnations of demons. But now, some monks are stopping on this island. There, their figures were all floating in mid-air, looking at the island.

The leader is a man dressed as a Taoist priest. He holds a whisk in his hand and wears a Bagua Tai Chi robe. His hair is snow-white without a trace of color, and three strands of white beard are flowing on his chest. He looks really immortal. The Wind Dao Bone is like a person among gods and immortals. He was looking at the island. Beside him, there was a monk. This Buddhist monk was wearing a yellow cassock and holding a nine-ring tin staff. He was tall, with long eyebrows and long hanging hair. His eyes were closed, but his skin was still shining like bronze, making him look extremely solemn.

Other people of all kinds also lined up behind the two of them. Obviously, among the people present, these two had the highest status. The Taoist Master looked at the island for a long time, and then said: "This This small island suddenly grew taller a few months ago. This is very strange. There is no one here anymore, so why does this small mountain grow taller? Can anyone tell me?" His The tone may sound very plain, but there is a hint of majesty that people dare not look down upon.

Moreover, none of the people behind him spoke. At this time, the monk also spoke: "This Sword Island of the Abyss was originally the place where our sects in the Wanshan Realm entered the black and white battlefield, but a few years ago, The entrance to the Black and White Battlefield was suddenly blocked. At first, I thought it was the Shadow Clan people who had the upper hand and had completely occupied the Black and White Battlefield. Those who had withdrawn from the Black and White Battlefield The disciple said the same thing, but later, from the dead soldiers who broke into the Shadow Clan, they got news that the Shadow Clan people also withdrew from the Black and White Battlefield. They also heard that there seemed to be other forces entering the Black and White Battlefield. The forces of the Black and White battlefield have been completely occupied, and all the Shadow Clan and our people have been driven out of the Black and White battlefield. I wonder if you have anything to say about this news?"

Still no one spoke, which made the monk's face show a trace of anger. After a while, he said in a deep voice: "No one speaks, right? Well, Tieduo, tell me, your Xuanjia Sect. , it is the closest sect to the Sword of the Abyss with some size, please tell me about it."

As soon as his voice fell, everyone's eyes stopped on a monk. This monk was not very tall, but he looked very strong. He was wearing an ordinary black warrior uniform, and his skin looked very thin. Black, but translucent in the black, and flashing with a black iron-like luster, as if his skin was made of black iron.

He has a big head, messy hair, and a big beard. He looks like a lion, with a big nose and a wide mouth, round eyes, and a pair of big ears. People give people a very ferocious feeling. If an ordinary person encounters such a person, they will be scared to death if he stares at him. But now, he seems to be someone who has done something wrong. The child stood there with his head lowered.

When he heard the monk calling his name, his body couldn't help but tremble slightly, and then he immediately said: "Replying to what Elder Jiujie said, all the people in Wanshan Realm before came from the Black and White Battlefield. After exiting, we also observed the Sword of the Abyss for a period of time, but because nothing happened, we gave up observing it. About five months ago, a disciple accidentally came out of the Abyss. Passing by, he took a look at the Sword of the Abyss, and found that the mountains on the island here seemed to have become much higher. He had been to the Sword of the Abyss before, and he remembered that the islands on the Island of the Abyss were not the same at that time. It's not that high, so out of curiosity, I came here to have a look, and finally found that the island here has indeed become higher, and we calculated that the height of the island here is definitely more than 10,000 meters, but on this island We immediately sent people to conduct reconnaissance on all the caves on the island and found that there were no changes and no one. Even the space passage showed no signs of loosening. At the beginning, In order to prevent people from the Shadow Tribe from suddenly rushing into our Wanshan Realm from the space passage to deal with us, we also set up a sealing array in that space passage. The formation was intact, so why on earth is it here? We really don’t know what it has become like this.”

The man who spoke was called Tieduo. He was the leader of the Xuanjia Sect. Although the Xuanjia Sect was also an above-average sect, he still seemed trembling when facing the monk. After taking a breath, I don't blame him for reacting like this. The status of that monk is really too high, and he really can't afford it.

There is actually an alliance here in the Wanshan Realm. The purpose of this alliance was to fight against the Shadow Clan. At that time, the Shadow Clan was fighting with the various sects in the Wanshan Realm. Each sect in the Wanshan Realm was fighting on its own, but they were The Shadow Clan was defeated one by one, and when it seemed that the Wanshan Realm was about to be lost, several major sects in the Wanshan Realm united and launched a call, calling on all the sects in the Wanshan Realm to unite and form an alliance to fight against the Shadow Clan. Clan, this alliance was also established at that time. In the process of fighting against the Shadow Clan, this alliance played a great role, so this alliance has always existed, and the major sects that called for the establishment of the alliance now only There are two remaining sects that can be called big sects, namely Tianxuan Sect and Leiyin Temple.