c7774 the way

Zhao Hai immediately said to Laura: "Really? Great, let's go to the Shenji Hall to have a look." After saying that, he walked out first, Laura quickly followed, and then the two of them We went straight to the Shenji Hall. The Shenji Hall was now completely calm, except for their famous laboratory which was still very busy.

As soon as Zhao Hai entered the laboratory, someone saw Zhao Hai and immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said at the same time: "I have met the sect master." Zhao Hai nodded, waved his hand, and then said in a deep voice: "Yu Name, show me all your research results these days."

Wen Yuming also saw Zhao Hai and was about to salute Zhao Hai. When he heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately responded and then directly took out a jade slip and gave it to Zhao Hai. This is also their habit. They will record all their research steps so that they can be organized later.

Zhao Hai took the jade slip and mentally searched it. The contents in the jade slip entered his mind directly. After recording, Zhao Hai said: "Not bad, very good." , Yu Ming, you have done a great job, very well. I really didn’t expect that you have achieved this step. Your programming direction is completely different from our previous direction, but there are some similarities, so I will give you You can learn and learn from the things, but don’t copy them completely, you have to follow your own path and continue on, do you understand?”

Wen Yuming responded. They were indeed planning to copy what Zhao Hai taught them, but when they communicated with Laura later, Laura stopped them from doing so. Therefore, their current programming learning is based on their own This kind of programming method is mainly used, and the content in Zhao Haiyu's slips is actually to provide them with a reference.

Zhao Hai glanced at the other people in Wen Yuming's laboratory again, and then said: "Okay, you are all good. Seeing you, I seem to have seen the future of our Blood Killing Sect. As long as you can If we continue to maintain this state, then the future of our Blood Killing Sect will be extremely bright. Work hard, and the sect will fully support you. We are not afraid of your failure, but we are afraid that you dare not think, dare to think, and dare to do , whether you succeed or fail, the sect will support you. Without the spirit of daring to think and do, we would not have blood gold, we would not have an external incarnation, and we would not have the achievements we have now. Work hard. , I’m optimistic about you.”

Everyone in the laboratory responded with a roar. They were extremely happy to be recognized by Zhao Hai, so they all looked very excited. Zhao Hai looked at them and was also very happy. He Turning to Laura, he said: "In the future, the content of your research can also be fully disclosed to Ming and others, and we can communicate more."

Laura also responded. Zhao Hai looked at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, work hard, this is a new knowledge, the potential for development is extremely huge, it will be up to you in the future." Wen Yu They all responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hand and left the laboratory where Wen Yuming and the others were located.

After returning to the space, Zhao Hai returned directly to his room. At the same time, he began to reflect. He had to think about it carefully. He felt that he had been too superstitious about some things on the earth. He thought that the earth Some of the things on the Internet must be good and correct, but now he found that it didn't seem to be that way.

The earth is the earth, and the Blood Killing Sect is the Blood Killing Sect. They are the Blood Killing Sect who have conquered countless planes. To be honest, if the current Blood Killing Sect really confronts the earth, then he can guarantee that they can defeat them in minutes. All the people on the earth will be wiped out. In this case, there is really no need for him and he thinks that everything on the earth is good and right.

Zhao Hai is also very clear that the reason why he thinks that everything on the earth is good and everything is right is because his emotions play an important role. He is from the earth, so he has The earth is very emotional, so he had such an idea, but he did not expect that the earth is the earth, and the Blood Killing Sect is the Blood Killing Sect. Even the laws of the two places are the same. How could there be any connection? He used to take things too much for granted.

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, and then he began to face up to Wen Yuming's research. Wen Yuming's research could be said to be just getting started and seemed very rough, but Zhao Hai It is very clear that their research direction is right. The laws here are different from those on earth, so the methods they use cannot be the same. From the current point of view, their famous direction is the most suitable method for them to use. .

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a long breath, and then he closed his eyes once, and his biological brain began to work at full speed, deducing the direction that Wen Yuming and the others had researched. If he knew that he was wrong, he would correct his mistakes. , this is Zhao Hai's principle of doing things. Know your own shortcomings, study hard and make up for your shortcomings. This is the most important thing.

Time passed little by little, and Zhao Hai began to make some extensions to Wen Yuming's method, because he wanted to see if he could add all the runes currently used by the Blood Killing Sect. Go to this program because he really wants to see the consequences of doing this.

To do such a thing is actually very boring, but Zhao Hai is a monk himself. Sometimes in order to study a method, they have to go into seclusion for a long time, which is even more boring, so now it is like this Research is nothing at all.

A month passed like this, and Zhao Hai finally straightened out all the things. Only then did he gain a voice. Looking at the new programming method he had come up with, he felt very satisfied. He was sure that, In the future, they will definitely move forward along this road after hearing about Yu Ming. He just took the first step.

He didn't think about it and just showed Wen Yuming and the others what he had researched. In Zhao Hai's opinion, if he really did that, it might not mean anything to Wen Yuming and the others. The advantage is that although it may save Wen Yuming and them from taking some detours, it will also make Wen Yuming them just take things as they are and not know what is going on. Therefore, allowing Wen Yuming and them to have their own exploration process is Very necessary.

In fact, not only are they famous, but even Laura and the others, Zhao Hai is not ready to teach them these things now. The previous events have already reminded Zhao Hai. He thinks it is the right reason. For Lao Pulling them over may not necessarily be correct, and although all their paths may look a little different from his, they may not be wrong. Therefore, Zhao Hai feels that this is actually a process of enlightenment. , just like training, no one can replace you, and what is suitable for you may not be suitable for everyone, so Zhao Hai is not ready to directly use the programming method he has developed.

The programming method is already available. Next, Zhao Hai has to do his own work, but before doing his own work, he must first go outside to take a look and relax. When Zhao Hai came out of his room, he found that Lao While La and the others were busy, Zhao Hai walked over with some confusion and saw that Laura and the others were programming. With just one look at the content of Laura and the others' programming, Zhao Hai already knew that Laura and the others were dealing with viruses. research.

Laura and the others also heard the footsteps at this time. They all turned their heads. When they saw it was Zhao Hai, they immediately came to greet them. Laura smiled happily and said: "Brother Hai, you are finally out of seclusion. , Great, Brother Hai, after you have been in seclusion for a while, we have started to make preparations. Now we have come up with a set of programs that are most suitable for the biological brains of Blood Killing Sect disciples, and we have also added some , we have repeatedly deduced the content related to the soul and found that this program is very suitable for use."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Have you conducted any tests? Have you found any problems?" Zhao Hai knew very well that sometimes, derivation is not omnipotent, and the deduced results are perfect. It can't be the same as the facts, and the deduced results are perfect, but when used in practice, there may be such and such problems, so relevant experiments must be carried out. This is what he asked.

Laura nodded and said: "We have tried it and found no problems. Everyone who has used it said that the effect is very good. Brother Hai, do you think this method should be promoted in the whole sect?" Lao La is very clear that as long as this method is promoted throughout the sect, the fighting method of the Blood Killing Sect may be changed in the future, so she also attaches great importance to this matter.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "As long as there are no problems, we must promote the whole sect. Let's do this. I will call Lao Wen and the others together first. We will discuss it for a while and then make a decision. You guys are busy first. Okay." Laura nodded, didn't care, and turned back to do her own business. Laura knew Zhao Hai very well, and she knew very well that if Zhao Hai said this, this matter would be inseparable. She was ten years old, and the promotion matters mainly depended on Wen Wenhai and Wen Yuming, and had little to do with them. She should just be busy with her own affairs.

Zhao Hai walked directly from the space and came to the main hall. Then Zhao Hai directly called all the cabinet members to the main hall. This time he did not call all the core elders, but all the cabinet members. , these people can be said to be his true confidants and the most influential people in the Blood Killing Sect. As long as these people discuss things, others will agree. Under normal circumstances, no one will come out to speak against him. of.

After all the cabinet members arrived in the hall, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said solemnly: "I think everyone knows about the programming that Yu Ming and the others came up with, and now things have gone a step further. , Lao Wen and Laura, they have come up with a system that can be used directly on our optical brain, which will strengthen the ability of our optical brain. Lao Wen, please introduce it to everyone." After saying this, Zhao Hai turned around. Looking at Wen Yuming, he motioned to Wen Yuming to continue.