c7775 system

Wen Yuming responded. Now they are no longer rookies who don't know anything. They also have their own experience in programming, and they have also developed this system suitable for all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Speaking of which, this system is no longer a simple computer system. It can actually be said to be a kind of artificial intelligence that transforms cards. The reason why it is said to be a transformed version is because this system has some real... That's why he is so smart.

Now this system is also very powerful. It has extremely powerful computing power, and it also stores a lot of things, various magic circles, and even various spells. When fighting with people, Sometimes, they can help people fight.

Although these previous optical brains could also do it, the Jedi were not as good as they are now. The most important thing is that this system now actually has another ability, that is, it can record the fighting habits of the main body, which can help the main body and supplement it. Combat shortcomings, this is very important.

This may sound a little unclear, but it is actually very easy to understand. Every monk actually has his own fighting habits. This fighting habit is related to his practice of hand skills and what he has developed over the years. It has a lot to do with their habits. Some monks just like to fight with others in close combat, and such monks are generally physical practitioners. But like this, their shortcoming is that their long-range attack capabilities are not very strong, and some Monks are accustomed to attacking enemies from a distance. Such monks are generally traditional monks. They will use magic weapons to attack enemies, but in this way, their close combat power will be affected.

In the past, many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect liked to use magic weapons to attack the enemy. In order to change this situation, the Blood Killing Sect forced all disciples to learn some physical training techniques to make up for their shortcomings in close combat. Now the Blood Killing Sect The disciples of the sect no longer have to worry about their ability to fight in close combat.

However, due to their fighting habits, some disciples are still not used to close combat, but it is different now. With this system, they can make up for their shortcomings. They can completely fight in close combat. When attacking from a distance, they can not only attack with magic circles, but also with spells.

Except for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, many monks will give up the research and use of magic after they have reached a certain level of practice, because in their opinion, the magic is actually very useless. To attack the enemy, the power is too small, but the powerful ones are those that attack in a large area. Moreover, these spells consume a lot of money on oneself. With such a large power, if used on a magic weapon, the effect may be will be better.

But the people of the Blood Killing Sect don't think so, because there is a Sheng Si in the Blood Killing Sect. Sheng Si uses magic to deal with the enemy. Of course, he actually uses the Void Condensation Formation Technique. Although it is said that the Blood Killing Sect Many disciples of the sect have learned this technique, but their use of this technique is actually not very effective because after all, they do not have the talent like Sheng Si.

But it was different with this system. Although this system could not use the Void Condensation Formation Technique, he could use his extremely precise control to arrange formations one by one directly on the monks, and then release a The most important thing is that this method will not have any impact on the monk himself, or even consume him at all, which is terrible.

After Wen Yuming's introduction, everyone's eyes shone. They were all people who had experienced hundreds of battles. They knew very well what this meant. If they were fighting against the enemy, suddenly a powerful The magic is formed in one go, and then the enemy is attacked. The enemy will definitely be unable to guard against it, and he will be dead.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at the others, and then said: "Okay, you all know what this system is about. In fact, the most important thing for creating this system is to prepare for the future. You may not You understand very well what I mean. It is actually very simple. This system is mainly to prepare for the Dharma of our Blood Killing Sect. With this system, the Dharma of our Blood Killing Sect will become stronger and stronger in the future. Without this system, it would be much worse.”

Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned at first, but then their eyes lit up. Wen Wenhai immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Boss, what do you mean, our Blood Killing Sect's Dharma will become stronger? Where is the Wanshan Realm?" Is the Dharma so strong?" Wen Wenhai and the others already know that although the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are learning Dharma in the Real Illusion Realm, the power of their Dharma is much lower than that of the Wanshan Realm. . The Dharma in Wanshan Realm is supported by the power of the upper realm, so it is very powerful. Moreover, it is absolutely impossible for them to become the slaves of those in the upper realm, so they cannot get what the power of the upper realm gives them. power, so the power of their Dharma will be much smaller.

Now Zhao Hai said that he could make the power of Dharma even greater. Of course Wen Wenhai and the others were happy. Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Of course, after you become familiar with this system, we will Regarding the upgrade of the Dharma phase, in fact, the upgrade of the Dharma phase is already in sight and can even be carried out immediately, but you have not installed the system yet and are not familiar with the system, so you cannot use it yet."

Wen Wenhai and the others all nodded. They were really happy. The lack of power of the Dharma has always been a worry for them. They are also studying this matter, but so far, they have not raised any eyebrows. It is not just them. , even after hearing the name, they didn't know anything about it. Now when they heard Zhao Hai say this, they felt a lot more relieved.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "In the next period of time, promoting the system is what you must do now. I am also preparing to upgrade the real illusion. There are still too few abilities in the real illusion, and The realism is still a little bit off, and it must be further upgraded. I will try to do it in the future. As long as we are disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, no matter where we go, no matter how far away from the Xuanwu Space, we can enter the real illusion at any time. inside."

When Wen Wenhai and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then Wen Wenhai immediately said: "Boss, is it really okay to let the disciples enter the real illusion at any time? Will there be anything wrong with that? It's dangerous." What Wen Wenhai is worried about now is that if the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can really enter the real illusion at any time, will there really be any danger? What if they enter the real illusion during the battle? , it’s easy to get distracted, and that would be too dangerous.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "Allowing the disciples to enter the real illusion at any time is not to allow them to enter the real illusion during battle. The main reason for allowing us to enter the real illusion at any time is to allow them to communicate with the sect. The contact is more convenient. Think about it, if they are far away from the sect and want to contact the sect, under normal circumstances, they can only rely on the teleportation array. In that case, the speed is too fast. What if they are in any danger? What to do? So we can let them enter the real illusion at any time. If there is any situation, they can respond directly to the sect. The sect can also deal with their reaction in the shortest possible time. , this is very necessary.”

Wen Wenhai and the others thought about it and felt that what Zhao Hai said made sense, so they all nodded. No one objected. The reason why Zhao Hai did this was because he was reminded by an idea from Laura and the others. Laura They wanted to build a network to connect all the Blood Killing Sect disciples, so Zhao Hai thought of the real illusion.

Now all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect will enter the real illusion. As long as they make good use of the real illusion, the Blood Killing Sect will have an Internet. This is definitely a good thing for the Blood Killing Sect, so Zhao Haicai was ready to improve their real illusion.

In fact, Zhao Hai improved the Real Illusion once before. After his improvement, it was much more convenient for Blood Killing Sect disciples to enter the Real Illusion. In the past, Blood Killing Sect disciples could only enter the Real Illusion in their own rooms. , after the last improvement, they no longer need to be in their own room to enter the real illusion. They can also be in other places. However, when they enter the real illusion, they still have to protect themselves first, because they It was the entire mental power that entered the real illusion, and their bodies were not under their control at that time. If others attacked them, they would be in danger.

This time, Zhao Hai wanted to improve the real illusion and used another method. He wanted to turn the real illusion into a huge Internet, and turn each disciple's physical incarnation into a mobile phone terminal. The same existence, they can use their external incarnations to see the situation in the real illusion. Although not all of them enter the real illusion, they can see what is happening in the real illusion, and they can also interact with the blood. Even Zhao Hai has thought about the relationship between killing the sect and opening up a text section in the real illusion.

The network created by Laura and the others is partially related to Zhao Hai's real illusion, but it also has some different functions, so Zhao Hai is not prepared to let Laura and the others study it. He wants to see it. Look, Laura and the others will come up with something after their research.

As soon as they saw that Wen Wenhai and the others had no objections, Zhao Hai then said: "Okay, let's do this. I will give you seven days. During these seven days, you can use the real illusion to promote this system, and wait until all the disciples have installed it." After the system, I have to practice by myself. When I get there, I will close the real illusion for a period of time and upgrade the real illusion. You have to notify me."

Wen Wenhai and the others all agreed. They immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. The promotion system was inseparable from the real illusion, so Zhao Hai gave them seven days. After seven days, Zhao Hai was going to carry out the real illusion. It has been upgraded, which means that their promotion period is only seven days.