c7777 last step

After the upgrade of the real illusion is completed, Zhao Hai will prepare for the last step, which is to teach the several two-way energy transmission arrays he has created before to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and also tell them these methods. Where do the arrays need to be installed, how do they need to be used, and how do they combine these arrays with the magic?

This is Zhao Hai's most important goal. As long as this step is completed, then they can enter the Wanshan Realm. Otherwise, they may suffer a loss if they enter the Wanshan Realm. This is also one of Zhao Hai's habits. Before entering a new interface, if possible, they must learn as much as possible about it. Only in this way can they open up the situation quickly after entering that interface. To be honest, the attack by the Blood Slaughter Sect on the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragon is not actually Zhao Hai’s favorite attack method. Their attacks on the eight interfaces of the Eight Tribes of the Heavenly Dragon are all equivalent to direct attacks. This is not Zhao Hai’s style, because It's too risky.

But there was no way at the time. He wanted to send people to enter that interface to reconnoiter first, and then attack, but those interfaces were all controlled by the power of Shadow Clan's laws, and it was impossible for him to conduct reconnaissance because As soon as they enter that interface, they will be discovered by the power of the Shadow Clan's laws, so it is impossible for them to conduct reconnaissance.

But now the place they are going to is Wanshan Realm, and there are people from Wanshan Realm like Fa Jing and Shi Jin in their school. Of course, they have a certain understanding of Wanshan Realm. After that, they have to make some preparations. They can't do everything, otherwise the consequences will be very serious.

However, Zhao Hai did not immediately teach those two-way energy transmission arrays to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have not yet understood the system in the external incarnation, so he gave it up and really said It wouldn't have any good effect, so he was going to talk about it after a while.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are now very lively. After they can leave messages in the real illusion, they find that the relationship between them seems to be closer. If you ask a question, you may not know who will answer it. The method was really good, so the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were very excited.

Of course, they have not forgotten to be familiar with the system in their own incarnations. After all, this is related to their future combat effectiveness. Although the changes in the real illusion fascinate them, they will never take their own lives as a joke. They pay special attention to the system.

Time passed little by little, and in the next month, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were learning how to use the system and the real illusion, and this also gave them a better understanding of the system and the real illusion. After understanding, They also admired Zhao Hai even more.

Afterwards, after getting famous, they developed several new programs. These programs are all small programs, which contain some magic circles or spells about detoxification, formation breaking, and defensive power. Although these programs look very simple. , but the effect is not small, and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect like it very much.

In particular, there is a program that they are famous for calling the permanent defensive array. As long as you install this program into your external avatar, a protective shield will immediately be formed outside your body, and this The defensive power of the first-layer defense shield is very strong. It will not affect your usual movements, nor will it appear around your body in any form. It is as if it does not exist, but when someone attacks you , whether using poison, magic weapons, or sneak attacks, he will react immediately and help you block the blow. At the same time, he will activate your external avatar to completely protect you. It can be said that With this protective shield, the defensive power of Blood Killing Sect disciples will definitely become very powerful.

After Zhao Hai learned the news, he was also very happy. It has been a long time since they developed the optical brain. However, because there was no programming in the past, the ability of their optical brain has not been developed at all. Now they have Now that he has the ability to program, they immediately developed this ability after hearing about it. This is definitely a good thing for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and he believes that there will definitely be more and more programs in the future. appear, and these programs will definitely help the Blood Killing Sect more and more.

At this time, Zhao Hai also felt that it was time to teach those two-way energy transmission arrays to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. However, Zhao Hai first called Wen Wenhai and others from the cabinet to a side hall. Inside, after everyone arrived, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "Okay, now that everyone has arrived, I will tell you the purpose of calling you here this time. I have said it before, about upgrading our Dharma. , we already have a certain outline, in fact, it was already completed at that time, and today I called everyone here just to talk to you about how to upgrade our Dharma."

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone was shocked. This is what they are most worried about now. If there was no Dharma, they would have entered the Wanshan Realm long ago. They really don't believe it anymore and will kill the current sect with blood. After reaching the Wanshan Realm, there will be no way to gain a foothold in terms of strength. Not to mention walking flatly there, it will definitely go sideways.

But it’s different with the Dharma Appearance. Their Dharma Appearance is not as strong as the Dharma Appearance in Wanshan Realm. If two disciples of equal strength don’t fight with the Dharma Appearance, the winner will definitely be the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. But if the Dharma Appearance is used, the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect will win. , the losers must be the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, and it is precisely because they are worried about this that they have not entered the Wanshan Realm yet.

Now Zhao Hai said that they can upgrade their Dharma Appearances and make them as powerful as the Dharma Appearances in Wanshan Realm. This is definitely a good thing for them. This shows that they are close to entering Wanshan Realm. The time is not too far away, and they are finally starting a new journey.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at Wen Wenhai and the others. He knew very well what Wen Wenhai and the others were thinking. In fact, these guys were restless masters, so they were allowed to stay in the Blood Killing Sect to cultivate. It's impossible to practice. They still like to fight. Even if they don't take action personally, they can command their disciples to fight. That's why they seemed so excited when they heard the news.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "The method I am talking about is actually a method developed after being influenced by the digital array used by Fajing and others before, and combined with some programming techniques. , this method is actually very simple, that is, we make a two-way energy transmission array that is unique to our Blood Killing Sect."

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone was stunned, but they had no objection. They really wanted to hear what this two-way energy transmission array looked like. Even if Zhao Hai finally put this kind of It doesn't matter if all the main formations of the two-way energy transmission array are placed with him. They are very willing to provide Zhao Hai with the power of faith.

Their situation is different from the people in Wanshan Realm. The people in Wanshan Realm used this two-way energy transmission array without knowing it themselves, and became the slaves of others. But they are willing to give the power of their faith to Zhao Hai. In fact, many of them now worship Zhao Hai's statues, which is equivalent to giving the power of their faith to Zhao Hai. Therefore, they are not disgusted with what Zhao Hai said about using a two-way energy transmission array.

Zhao Hai glanced at them and said in a deep voice: "The two-way energy transmission array is actually not as magical as one might imagine. It is actually a unique and advanced mother-child array. It's just that they use The talisman is a digital talisman, so it looks quite magical to everyone. To be honest, their method is actually similar to the programming method I use, but they have just touched the edge of programming. , compared to us, that’s far behind.”

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were even more stunned. They really didn't expect it to be like this, so they all looked at Zhao Hai intently, wanting to hear what Zhao Hai would say next. Zhao Hai looked at He glanced at everyone and then said: "This two-way energy transmission array is a mother array with many sub-arrays. The number of sub-arrays can even be said to be unlimited. This is their cleverness. Of course we can also This can be done, but it is not necessary at all. My idea is that we put a mother array at each disciple's Dharma image, and then put several sub-arrays in other different places, and put our body The power inside is completely integrated, what do you think?"

Others looked at each other in confusion. Some didn't quite understand what Zhao Hai meant. They only heard about it. When they heard what Zhao Hai said, their eyes lit up and they said: "Sect Master, what you mean is that you want to use two-way energy transmission." The magic circle integrates all our powers, just like the power of blood is added to the law?"

At this moment, everyone understood that they knew that Yuan Kong activated the power of his bloodline and then added it to the blessing of his own skills. That matter caused a sensation in the sect. For a while, if Zhao Hai's magic circle could really do this, then maybe the power of their magic would be greatly improved. Thinking of this, they all became excited.

Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "It's almost this method, but it's not just that. I plan to use this magic circle to incarnate the body, the energy magic circle, Buddha's power, and bloodline." Power, the power of exercises and Dharma blessings, etc., all come together and merge with our Dharma to form a new Dharma. And based on my deduction, the combat effectiveness of this Dharma is definitely better than that of Wanshan Realm. The Dharma images used by people are only strong, not weak, what do you think?"

Wen Wenhai and the others were all stunned. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would have such a crazy idea, but then they became excited. If this method is really feasible, then their Dharma will definitely become incomparable. At that time, they can enter the Wanshan Realm and meet the heroes of the Wanshan Realm!