c7773 excited

Moreover, what Zhao Hai told Laura and the others before was to turn the virus into a curse. He also wanted to try it. At the same time, he also wanted to try to see if he could come up with a program that could turn all curses. Block, and if he wants to do this, he must regard the virus as a curse, and treat the curse as a virus, which is also very difficult.

It can be said that if Zhao Hai wants to achieve this, he must perfectly combine the skills with the data runes. This is very important. Zhao Hai must study it carefully. Zhao Hai was not sure whether he could do it or not, but this was his goal and he had to do it.

While Zhao Hai was conducting these experiments, Zhao Hai suddenly received a letter from Wen Yuming. Wen Yuming said that they had made an important discovery about digital runes and asked Zhao Hai to go and take a look. Although Zhao Hai He was a little confused, but he went anyway. He wanted to see what they had discovered after hearing the name.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the Shenji Hall, he found that the people in the Shenji Hall seemed to be very excited now. Especially outside the famous laboratory, there were a lot of people surrounding it. Zhao Hai walked over with some confusion. , and then coughed slightly. Although the sound was not loud, everyone heard the sound. They all turned their heads and looked over. When they saw it was Zhao Hai, they immediately moved to both sides and saluted Zhao Hai at the same time.

Zhao Hai nodded at them, and then said: "Why are you all gathered here? What happened?" Zhao Hai really wanted to know what happened here, and why are all these people gathered here? This is not what a disciple of Shenji Hall should do.

At this time, Wen Yuming also came over. He said to Zhao Hai excitedly: "Sect Master, we have made a major discovery. Come and have a look." After saying that, he led Zhao Hai to the laboratory. As soon as he entered the laboratory, Zhao Hai was immediately attracted by a projection in front of him. He saw countless runes appearing on his projection, and these runes were beating rapidly. In the end, when these runes were all When it disappeared, a person had appeared on the projection. It was actually just a human-shaped thing. He looked very rough, almost like a stick figure. Then he saw that person moving there constantly. After taking a closer look, he discovered that those movements turned out to be a set of boxing techniques. Although it was a very common set of boxing techniques, it was still surprising. Zhao Hai was even more surprised because he knew very well what it meant. .

Programming, which means programming, this stick figure is completely made by programming, and Zhao Hai has never taught Wen Yuming and them programming before, but he did not expect that they actually developed it themselves, which made Zhao Hai extremely surprised. , and at the same time I felt extremely happy.

After watching the stickman perform a set of punches, Zhao Hai burst out laughing. He patted Wen Yuming on the shoulder and said, "Okay, Yu Ming, well done, well done." , I originally thought that it would take a while to teach you these things, but I didn't expect that you have already studied it yourself, so now I can give you this jade slip. Take a closer look and develop well. "After that, Zhao Hai gave a piece of jade slip to Wen Yuming. This jade slip contained some information on how to program, which is now suitable for Wen Yuming and the others to use.

Zhao Hai didn't give Wen Yuming anything that was too complicated. He gave them things that they could use right now. Once they had thoroughly understood these things, he would just give them something else, and Zhao Hai also wanted to see them. Look, they are famous for using these most basic things to research and come up with something. If the research is really good, that would be even better.

Wen Yuming took the jade slip that Zhao Hai gave him, glanced at the jade slip with his mental strength, and took a look at the content in the jade slip. Then his eyes lit up, and he immediately saw that the content in the jade slip was What's the matter? The thing they just found out was exactly what was introduced in this jade slip. To put it bluntly, the things in this jade slip seemed to be a direct starting point for them on their somewhat confused road ahead. A bright light.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Yu Ming and said with a smile: "Okay, Yu Ming, study slowly. You are already on the right path. I just want to save you some time. Okay." Work hard, and later you will find that the path you are taking now is the most correct path."

Wen Yuming responded excitedly, took the jade slip and ran away, even Zhao Hai ignored him. Zhao Hai looked at Wen Yuming's actions, but he was not angry, he just smiled slightly. He was really impressed by Wen Yuming. He is too understanding, and he is also the kind of person who puts all his attention on research. When he encounters research matters, he can't care about anything else. Therefore, although his behavior seems a bit It's rude, but it's completely normal.

Zhao Hai did not bother Wen Yuming, and returned to the space with a movement of his body. As soon as they returned to the space villa, Laura and the others also discovered Zhao Hai. Laura immediately looked at Zhao Hai with a puzzled face and said: "Hai Brother, where did you go? Why did you go out? But what happened? "

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "You may not believe it, but Yu Ming and the others actually figured out how to program on their own, and even programmed a small section of the program themselves. The result is quite impressive. I really didn't expect it. And I feel that their programming is a little different from ours. I think if you have time, you can communicate with them and see how they program, maybe it will be of some help to you."

When Laura heard what he said, her eyes couldn't help but light up, and she immediately said: "Really? That's great, I'll go and have a look now." After saying that, she moved and left directly, Zhao Hai said Seeing this situation, he could only smile impatiently and then returned directly to his room. He still had a lot of things to do now.

Zhao Hai's current ultimate goal is actually what he told Laura before. He wants to create a huge system and use this system to connect all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect together, just like It's like the Internet. He wants to use this network to truly turn the Blood Killing Sect into a whole.

But this can't be done in a day or two. He still has a lot to do, but fortunately he still has time, so he can do it slowly. First, he will solve all the things he needs to solve at present, and then While doing the most difficult thing, he can also accumulate some experience in the process, and then he can directly produce this huge system.

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect still don’t understand what’s going on. They are still training every day, but the top brass of the Blood Killing Sect all know about this matter. They have a vague feeling that the Blood Killing Sect also Another change is about to begin. They are all a little excited, but also a little nervous. They don't know what kind of changes this change will bring to the Blood Killing Sect.

Time passed day by day, and everyone in the Blood Killing Sect was busy. Just seven days after Wen Yuming and the others developed the first program, while Zhao Hai was analyzing various techniques, Laura suddenly came to him. Zhao Hai was surprised, because he knew very well that if Laura was fine, she would never come to him at this entrance. He seemed to be in retreat now, and Laura and the others He knew it, so if there was nothing wrong, he would never disturb him when he came in, so Zhao Hai walked out of the room with some confusion, wanting to see what happened to Laura.

As soon as Laura saw Zhao Hai, she said to Zhao Hai excitedly: "Brother Hai, you won't believe it. They are all geniuses. Really, they are all geniuses. This time you will definitely Reward them well, really, you must reward them well.”

Zhao Hai looked at Laura with some confusion and said: "Yu Ming and the others are indeed very smart. I know this, but what do you mean when you say they are all geniuses? I really don't understand. What's going on? Let’s talk about what’s going on.” Zhao Hai really wanted to know why Laura said that.

Laura immediately said: "Brother Hai, do you know how Wen Yuming and his colleagues came up with the programming? You may not believe it if you tell me. They digitized the exercises first, and then digitized the exercises from the digitized exercises." After reverse reasoning, we finally came up with programming. We first learned programming, and then we were thinking about how to digitize the exercises, and then started programming. However, they digitized the exercises first and then worked backwards. Programming, it’s really amazing.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Laura said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then his eyes lit up. He understood what Laura meant. Zhao Hai and the others first learned programming, and then programmed the biological brain to allow the biological brain to be programmed. The computing power of the brain becomes stronger, and then I think about turning the exercises into programs, but there is a problem, that is, you have to digitize those exercises first, that is He said, you must understand how to use digital runes to use those skills, just like making a magic circle that can use those skills. Once you have done this, then use the skills If you write it with a program, then you have completed the programming.

But what they are famous for is not like this. They digitized the exercises first. In other words, without knowing when to program, they first used digital runes to digitize the exercises. Copying it and then using these digital runes for programming is really amazing.

Laura was still very excited at this time, and she continued: "The programming we learn mainly uses some programming methods on the earth. There are not many digital runes used, and they are famous for their But it’s different, they used almost all the digital runes, which is really amazing.”

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment. He knew very well that when people on earth first started using computers to program, they could only use '0' and '1' to write programs. But after hearing this, The program that Yu Ming and the others created at the beginning did not use such a programming method, but used all the digital runes. This is really amazing. This is definitely a breakthrough. ah.