c7770 plan

Zhao Hai shook his head and said in a deep voice: "No, those powers of faith, if my guess is correct, should have been given to someone in the upper realm. In other words, in the Wanshan Realm, every sect's Behind them, there may be a person from the upper realm, so when they use the magic circle, the energy blessing they receive will be so powerful, because they receive the energy blessing from the upper realm, and the energy is greater than that of Wanshan Realm. The energy used here is even more advanced."

Fa Jing nodded, whispered the Buddha's name and said: "The guess made by the sect leader is very reasonable. I don't think there is such a powerful person in Wanshan Realm who can use this method on us." Formation, and people from a sect all use the same magic formation. If the power of these beliefs were all blessed on someone here in Wanshan Realm, then he would have ascended long ago. Sect Master, the people here in Wanshan Realm , after using this two-way energy transmission array, will it affect the ascension?"

As soon as Fa Jing asked this question, all other attention was focused. They were most worried about this. If it would really affect the ascension, it would definitely not be a good thing for them. After all, they use that It has been so long since the magic circle was planted. If it really has any impact, it may have already affected them. This is their biggest concern.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "This should not be possible. We still know too little about this kind of magic circle. We don't know whether it will have any impact on ascension. By the way, as members of the Wanshan Realm, you are People should also know, is there someone ascending here in Wanshan Realm? If someone is ascending, it means that this kind of magic circle has no impact on ascension. "

When Fa Jing heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, and then said: "It's okay, it's okay, there are people ascending in Wanshan Realm, and there are quite a lot of people ascending. It seems that this kind of magic circle is good for ascending." , it really doesn’t have any impact, that’s fine, and I feel relieved.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, let's get started. Be careful. If you really can't do it, don't destroy this magic circle forcibly. It may hurt your foundation. We will do it in the future." You can take your time to think of a solution, don't be in a hurry." Several people responded, and then he closed his eyes and began to look inward.

But Zhao Hai has been paying attention to their situation. He is really worried that Fa Jing and the others will be in danger. If there is really any danger, he will take action immediately to stop their behavior to prevent them from being really hurt. For a monk, if one's own foundation is really hurt, it will be very fatal. If it is not done well, the strength will regress and stop moving forward.

Zhao Hai looked at Fa Jing and the others calmly. Fa Jing and the others all had their eyes closed, but the expressions on their faces were a little solemn. This also made Zhao Hai nervous. His attention was also concentrated like never before, just worried. If anything happens to Fajing and the others, he can rescue them as soon as possible.

And the situation of Fa Jing and the others is not very good now. You must know that the magic circle next to the Faxiang is all derived from people from Wanshan Realm for countless years. No one dares to touch it easily, and this time too Similarly, although Fa Jing and the others want to move only one magic circle, it will cause a chain reaction of other magic circles. Once all the magic circles are moved, it will be dangerous. If one of them fails, their magic signs may be destroyed. Destroyed.

Originally, Fa Jing and the others thought that they only needed to remove the magic circle and replace it with the energy gathering array, but now it seems that it is not that simple. If they want to remove the magic circle, They must first move other magic circles a certain distance, and at the same time cut off the two-way energy transmission magic circle's connection with other magic circles. Then they can move that magic circle away, and then they must immediately move towards that magic circle. When placing a magic circle in a position, the speed must be fast. After placing the magic circle, make a slight connection between that magic circle and other magic circles. Only in this way can the magic circle be used normally.

Fajing and the others are also very careful. After being in the Blood Killing Sect for such a long time, they have learned a long time ago that everything must be done carefully and carefully. This is also a truth that everyone in the Blood Killing Sect understands, because everyone in the Blood Killing Sect understands We all understand that there are some things that as long as you do them carefully, even if the speed is a little slower, then you will get the results you want. If you do not do it carefully, then you will get the results you want. That's impossible too.

Fa Jing and the others first carefully moved the two-way energy transmission array around the array, and slowly moved it to the side. This process was very difficult, because all the arrays were like gears that were put together, and they were all related. They are connected, so if they want to move other magic circles to the side, they must use a lot of mental power to control those magic circles.

Fortunately, since joining the Blood Killer, their mental power has become much stronger than before, so this step went smoothly. Although it was very laborious, it was still done. Then it was necessary to cut off the magic circle from other magic circles. The formations are connected, and we must be careful in this step, because if one of them is not done well, all the formations connected to that formation may lose control because of this. Once those formations lose control, the entire formation will It will be destroyed, and the Dharma will be finished.

They first carefully controlled those Dharma signs that were connected to the two-way energy transmission array to stabilize them, and then slowly cut off the connection between them. After cutting off, they immediately removed the The two-way energy transmission array was directly removed. As soon as the array was removed, they immediately placed the spirit gathering array that had been prepared long ago in the position of the array, and then immediately transferred the original and two-way energy transmission array. The magic circles connected to the transmission magic circle are connected with the spirit gathering array, and then they use their mental power to control the magic circles around the spirit gathering array, and slowly return to their original positions. The whole process is very slow. .

After all the magic formations are in place, they will also need to pay attention to whether there will be any energy conflict between the spirit gathering formation and those magic formations. If there is an energy conflict, it will be dangerous. One can't handle it well. The entire magic circle group will collapse directly, and they will be finished.

Fortunately, after paying attention for a while, they didn't find any energy conflict between the Spirit Gathering Array and other magic array groups. On the contrary, after the Spirit Gathering Array was placed there, it seemed to have an impact on other magic arrays. The array also has some benefits, and it seems to have some benefits for their Dharma, which they did not expect.

But at this time, they suddenly discovered a problem, that is, the magic circle that they had removed could not be destroyed and did not disappear. It just stayed in their bodies, which made them inseparable. Knowing what to do, Fa Jing immediately opened his eyes, looked at Zhao Hai who was standing in front of him, protecting him and said in a deep voice: "Sect Master, the replacement of the magic circle has been successful, but the magic circle that we removed has been replaced." We have no way to destroy the formation, and it’s still in our bodies, so what should we do?”

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then he thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "That magic circle is the upper realm after all, and it is not so easy to destroy. By the way, you guys try it with magic. Before, you used your mental power to think Do you want to destroy that magic circle? Now try using the Dharma Xiang, just use the power of the Dharma Xiang to see if you can destroy the magic circle."

Fa Jing responded, and everyone else understood, and they immediately took action. They directly mobilized the power of their Dharma forms and attacked the magic circle. When they heard a bang, they felt it. A huge force broke out in their bodies. This feeling was not good. It made them so sad that they almost wanted to vomit blood. It took a while for the energy in their bodies to calm down. Then they took a look at the magic circle. , only to find that the magic circle had been destroyed.

This made them all relieved. Fa Jing opened his eyes, stood up, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Thank you, Master, that magic circle has been destroyed by us." Several other people also stood up and rushed to Zhao Hai. They bowed to Zhao Hai and thanked Zhao Hai for protecting the law for them. They must know that Zhao Hai was the leader of the Blood Killing Sect and actually protected the law for them personally. How could they not be moved.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "Okay, it's nothing. By the way, the magic array you replaced is the spirit gathering array? Is there any energy conflict with other magic circles in your body?" Zhao Hai is most concerned about That's it. If there is really any energy conflict, the consequences will be very serious.

Fa Jing shook his head and said: "No, the Spirit Gathering Array is arranged there. It is very suitable. There is no energy conflict. Moreover, it seems that the Spirit Gathering Array is still absorbing the surrounding energy to strengthen our Dharma. It is very good for us." It’s beneficial, and it even seems to be more useful than the two-way energy transmission array.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It seems that my previous guess is correct. The two-way energy transmission array plays a blessing role, so this energy transmission array itself also needs to be strengthened." It has the ability to release energy, but the speed must be controlled well, and the energy attributes must also be controlled well. The Spirit Gathering Array itself has no energy attributes, so it is most appropriate to place it there. If you put one Arrays with other attributes may cause energy conflicts due to different attributes. It seems that the idea I made before may also be successful."

Fa Jing said with some curiosity: "Sect Master, do you have a better array that can replace the spirit gathering array? We feel that the spirit gathering array placed there is already very good and there is no need to replace it." Fa Jing really thought so. He really felt that the Spirit Gathering Array was very suitable there and there was no need to change it.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "In fact, the Spirit Gathering Array is just the lowest replacement method. Because the Spirit Gathering Array can not gather a lot of spiritual energy, that's why I let you use the Spirit Gathering Array. This is actually a Experiment to see if the Spirit Gathering Array can replace the two-way energy transmission array. If it can, then we can make other plans. And we actually have two such plans, and they are both more powerful than the Spirit Gathering Array. good."