c7776 upgrade

All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have received a notice from the sect, asking everyone to enter the real illusion immediately to learn a benefit that the sect has just given them. Regarding this, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are very happy. , they knew that the first time the sect distributed things like this, all the things distributed were good things.

When they entered the real illusion, they realized that what the sect sent them this time was actually something called a system, and this thing called a system turned out to be something unknown. Directly joining their external incarnations, which made them very puzzled.

But they still did it. They knew that the sect would never give them useless things, so they all followed it and memorized all the things that looked like runes but didn't look like runes. Come down and join their incarnations.

The sect also reminded them that if they add the rune-like thing to their external avatars, their external avatars will not be usable for a period of time, but the time is not too long, and they can be used normally after a while. , which is an upgrade to their external incarnation. Therefore, when the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect added those runes to their external avatars and then discovered that the external avatars could no longer be used, they did not panic too much. On the contrary, everyone was paying attention to their external avatars. I want to see when my incarnation can be used.

After waiting for more than two hours, they suddenly heard a ding, and then they noticed that they could control their external avatars again. At this time, they immediately received a call Notification, notification tells them that they will immediately enter the real fantasy world and learn the operation process of this system.

After the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect entered the real illusion, they immediately found that they had entered a room alone. There was a projection in this room, and what appeared on this projection was the image of Zhao Hai, the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples immediately became excited. They all knew that of course this was not the real Zhao Hai, but just a projection of Zhao Hai. However, they were also very experienced. They all knew that Zhao Hai’s appearance here meant that, What they were going to learn this time would definitely be very powerful, so they all became excited.

Soon Zhao Hai's projection began to teach. Watching Zhao Hai's projection keep introducing the function of this system, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were shocked. To be honest, the system is really incomparable. So powerful, the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect even believed that as long as they had such a system in their external incarnations, they would be truly invincible.

After Zhao Hai finished teaching, he immediately began to let them conduct experiments on their own to try how to control the system. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also immediately began to conduct experiments, taking their time step by step. In the end, they discovered that this system is really It's so easy to use. With this system, their combat effectiveness will definitely be improved a lot, and no matter what environment they face in the future, their system will give them the best help.

After they studied, they withdrew from the Real Illusion and trained outside. Then they received a notice that in two days, the Real Illusion would be upgraded and the use of a period of time would be stopped. If there are any disciples in the Real Illusion, If there is any unfinished work, it must be completed as soon as possible. If it cannot be completed, record the progress, because some data may be lost during this upgrade, so they must be careful.

At this time, many disciples of the Blood Killing Sect were in chaos. Many of them were doing their work in the Real Illusion Realm. Now when they heard that the Real Illusion Realm was going to stop using it, they all naturally panicked, so people They all started to move and began to enter the real illusion to carry out their work. If they really couldn't finish it, they had to record their progress to prevent the real illusion from really closing, and then all their previous work would be in vain.

The time soon came for the real illusion to be closed. With a notification from the sect, the real illusion was really closed, and no one could enter the real illusion anymore. This made the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They felt very uncomfortable, but they didn't say anything. They also knew that the sect was doing this for their own good, so they were busy with their own affairs, busy with training, and busy familiarizing themselves with the system.

Zhao Hai's upgrade to the Real Illusion this time is actually to change the system to the Real Illusion. With more and more disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it will definitely not work to control the Real Illusion with the old system. They must change to a new one. System, and the system Zhao Hai is using now is actually the system he created himself. His system is more advanced than the system created by Laura and the others, so the real illusion must be upgraded.

Zhao Hai wants to upgrade the real illusion, not only to create an Internet, but also to upgrade the Xuanwu Space. Although the Xuanwu Space used to be very powerful, it seemed very rigid, just like a computer. Whatever you ask him to do, he will do it. If you don't let him do it, he won't do it. After this upgrade, the Xuanwu Space is different. After the upgrade, the Xuanwu Space is like the body of other disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Just like the incarnation, it can automatically help Zhao Hai do some things, and after this upgrade, the automatic management system of the Blood Killing Sect has also been upgraded.

However, the upgrade this time is not that easy. In the past, the Xuanwu Space was managed separately by a biological brain of Zhao Hai. The most important thing for this upgrade is to upgrade the biological brain. So first A new system needs to be added to this biological brain, but there is a problem here, that is, this biological brain contains a lot of data from the real illusion. These data are very useful. It would be a pity if they were really upgraded and lost. Well, Zhao Hai naturally wants to keep all these data.

This was more difficult, so the upgrade time this time took a longer time. It took three full days before Zhao Hai completed the upgrade to the real illusion. In fact, this was also an upgrade to the Xuanwu space, but others He just didn't know, and Zhao Hai had no intention of telling them.

After the upgrade, Zhao Hai directly informed Wen Wenhai and the others that all the disciples' incarnations already had a new tutorial on using real illusions, and asked them to study hard. Only after they have learned well can they officially Entering into a real fantasy world.

As soon as they heard what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others immediately took a look at their external avatar system and found that there was indeed a projection in the system. They immediately played the projection, and what appeared in the projection was Zhao Hai's. Image, Zhao Hai began to explain some new functions in the real illusion, and those functions made Wen Wenhai and the others dumbfounded.

They can actually watch the situation in the real illusion at any time. Every disciple can communicate in a message area of ​​the real illusion. For example, if you have any questions that you don’t understand, you can leave a message directly in the message area for questioning, or you can Just search for the question you want to ask and see if there are answers.

There are also various functions, which make Wen Wenhai and the others feel extremely novel. However, the sect has a rule that the time to enter the real illusion cannot exceed four hours every day. It is the same as before. This Entering the real illusion means not only that your mental power has completely entered the real illusion. Even if you read the text content in the real illusion, you must not watch it for more than four hours. Unless there is an emergency, otherwise the real illusion will directly You kick it out so that you can't see anything in the real illusion. Unless you contact the sect in an emergency, this is absolutely unavoidable.

If you pretend to be an emergency and enter the real illusion, once you are discovered, you will be punished by the sect. The punishment is not very severe. It is that you are not allowed to enter the real illusion for seven days, unless it is an emergency. If you think it is an emergency, In the name of the situation, if you enter the real illusion, the punishment this time is that you are not allowed to enter the real illusion at all, and it is ten days. Even in emergencies, you cannot enter the real illusion.

When Wen Wenhai and the others understood what the real illusion looked like after the upgrade, he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. They felt that the current functions of this real illusion were really too powerful and easy to use, and they all wished they could do it right away. I went into a real fantasy world to see it.

But then Wen Wenhai and the others notified all the disciples to take a look at the notices and tutorials in their incarnations, asking them to learn how to use the real illusion. After receiving the notice, all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect also went to watch Zhao Tutorials made by Haiyi, and then they discovered that the upgraded real illusion is really easy to use, and it will save them a lot of contribution points, because if there are some problems that do not require elders to solve in the future, they It is completely possible to conduct interrogations in the real illusion, and there is no need to use contribution points to find elders to answer questions.

But then they discovered that their thinking was a bit too simple. If you ask questions about exercises, the person who answers your questions can also get contribution points. Of course, the answer must be correct. That's fine. If it's incorrect, you don't need to pay contribution points.

But anyway, they have discovered that the upgraded real illusion is really easy to use. In the past, they could only enter the real illusion with all their mental power, as if they had entered another world, but now they don't need to Of course, if they want to conduct training, or perform weapon refining experiments, they still have to enter the real illusion. If they just want to enter the real illusion for a look, there is no need at all.

The most important thing is that they found that they have an extra means of contact. The sect can issue any notices and orders to them at any time. If they have anything, they can also report to the sect at any time. If your response is confirmed If the situation is indeed true, the sect may give you some rewards, which is still very attractive to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.